===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
I have decided to start a new thread on this topic as I couldn't find another one where my approach fits and I didn't want to cause confusion by posting about my strategy on other people's threads. I posted the below yesterday on Phillip Nel's 5 Min Intraday System (https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ntraday-system), hence my reference to Phillip, but then realised he is in the Commercial section, so I'm starting again here under Trading Systems.

==================

I have been a member of FF since 2017, but decided to change my nickname to my real name, so I'm back to being a newbie!

I've been looking for a suitable thread to post my work in and Phillip Nel's work, at least in the earlier pages, is as close as I could find to mine, so it feels right here. But his work is widely respected so I don't really want to get in the way of that. I hope what I post adds value. And as Phillip is a fellow South African, it feels even more like home! Phillip, if you read this, Groete!

I use an 8/21 EMA strategy. There is nothing special about those two numbers. No magic. You could use Phillip's 10/21 EMAs or 10/25 or 6/15, or 12/35, whatever. But I did not suggest 50/200. Smaller MA numbers means the MAs never get very far from price and there is a reason for that - it gives a visual reference for price behaviour, you can judge almost up to the minute how stretched price is from the MAs and whether it is more likely to undergo a correction (reversion to the mean) or to break away from the mean.

This chart summarises my strategy. I wait for a new trend to form, as defined by the EMA crossover, then wait for a pullback to (or close to) the EMAs, which I have now discovered is similar to what Phillip teaches, and then enter a trade. I almost always use stop orders so that if a pullback turns into a reversal, there is less chance of that trade being taken out as price continues the 'wrong' way. Note that I identified a two-bar pullback setup and two inside bar setups. They all represent a pullback, or at least a pause, or a local consolidation period. And after the multi-IB setup, price exploded away. That's just perfect. I look for that kind of setup all the time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2 ---
This trade has just triggered. There is a small S/R level at the entry level, but otherwise it seems good.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Hi AlistairC

Thanks for starting this thread, it's quite similar to how I trade, but what time-frame are you using? On your first chart I see it's H4 but can't make it out on the second. Do you use H4 all the time?

--- 帖子 #4 ---
I've just spotted you stated H4 lol

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Yes, H4.

I started trading using the daily but found that it's too slow (for me) and that things just happen faster on H4. I don't believe H4 is any less effective than D1. When I want to test something live I will go down to H1 and trade as usual using smaller lot sizes, but then my learning curve is that much quicker.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
This wasn't part of the plan! My "safety checklist" includes not trading into S/R, I just thought this one wasn't much to worry about. Hopefully this doesn't turn into a self-inflicted injury.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Here's an interesting example - how do you enter on a fast-moving trend?

This one took off like a rocket. I would be cautious about entering at the end of the breakout bar, or crossover bar, if you like. It's too long and explosive. One of my safety check rules is to avoid such bars (I'll post this safety checklist another time). So the next entry opportunities are the two-bar pullbacks indicated, entering on the tip of the pullback bar. The first one is almost an inside bar setup, but the second bar extends lower than the "mother bar", so it's not. I prefer the second example for an entry because it s a decent pulback and touches the 8 EMA. If that pullback had kept pulling back the buy stop order would likely not have been triggered, firstly, and then we could have followed each pullback bar down (but not too far) until price finally took off again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Safety checklist

In my strategy there are no strict rules – you have to understand what is happening on the chart and use the trading tool between your ears. But there are some basics, which I call safety checks. These are things every trader should use for every trade. Basic common sense. I think that if you applied these safety checks properly, you could probably trade ANY system successfully.

1. Dominant trend: Check the trend direction on the next time frame up. I use H4, so I check what is happening on D1. It doesn’t have to be officially up/down yet just as long as it is clearly heading in that direction. It also helps to have a look at what is happening on the next TF down (in my case it’s H1). Sometimes you can see details there that are not clear on your trading TF.

2. S/R obstructions: Avoid trading into support or resistance – this could be horizontal levels or inclined levels as in trend lines or channels. Also, what looks like a strong uptrend on H4 might just be a pullback leg on D1 within a down channel. It would be foolish to buy at the upper boundary line joining successively lower swing high points.

3. Enter when price is close to the EMAs, which means you should avoid entering when there is open space between price and the EMAs. Here the rubber band is stretched, so price is likely to bounce back before it continues with the trend.

4. Avoid long/explosive bars, enter where the bars are short or “quiet” (and such bars are usually close to the EMAs).

5. Avoid trading into price extremes – look at the monthly or weekly chart to see if price is at a long-term low/high.

6. Beware of "old" trends. No trend continues forever, so if a trend has continued for a long time (e.g. it starts in the lower left corner of your screen and goes all the way up to the top right corner) it is an old trend, probably getting tired, its life expectancy is reducing rapidly (as with all of us eventually ). It might continue still, but as a safety precaution, just walk away. Wait for a fresh trend to start.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Here's a tool to give you a view of trend behaviour across time-frames at "one glance". It comes from a fellow FF member, zoheb01 https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...dicator-system who produces some very useful One Glance Trader (OGT) tools. It provides a dashboard showing when the three MAs you have selected are all aligned (a green or red block) or grey when they are not aligned fully yet.

The dashboard lets you know when trend (as defined by the three EMAS you have selected) is up, down or neutral across whichever TFs you have selected. It is just one extra tool to help you make decisions about whether to take a trade or not, but if it just clouds your judgement, rather dump it.

Unfortunately the OGT site provides only the closed file (.ex4) not the editable one (.mql4), so the settings it comes with are the default settings and you need to edit them on a chart and save those to a template. Also, as it requires 3 EMAs to work correctly, I use 8/20/21 EMAs and that extra 20 EMA setting has very little effect on the outcome. But you could use a slightly slower set of EMAs, for example 8/21/30 (that's still quick) or 15/30/60 or watever. It's yours to play with.

Attached File(s)   OGT Trend Dashboard v1.2.ex4

61 KB
|
1,307 downloads

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Here's where the OGT trend dashboard might be useful.

This NZDCHF trade has survived and returned (very slowly) to the entry level and that S/R level. So should I stay in this trade? Breathe a sigh of relief and close at B/E? According to the trend dashboard, this thing is very bullish (remember that it is merely telling us how the EMAs are arranged on each time-frame).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Hi Alistair!

Thank u for ur sys, I just tested it and have 2 winning trades, so far so good.

Btw, can u kindly share more about your exit? And where do u set SL? Last swing?

Thank u again and have a great day!

--- 帖子 #12 ---
I usually place stops at the recent swing point.

Exits are very important and I haven't cracked that one. At the moment I move to B/E at about 50 pips, depending on which pair it is and I set the target at 100 pips, again depending on the pair. But having said that, I also have a look at chart structure and will adjust the target accordingly. My ideal day (which does happen sometimes!) is when I place about 5 trades, all of them go into profit and I close the whole lot later in the day, even if some of them are not much in profit or even losing. I look at them as a basket of trades and the overall value of the basket for the day.

Yesterday I had that situation and had 2% growth on account balance for the day, then suddenly everything turned around and it evaporated, probably because of the important news events for CAD and USD. I'm still kicking myself over that and it's an area I need to tighten up on. If I get anywhere over 1% for the day and there is something significant coming up in the news I must overcome my instinct to let it run and just take the profit. After all, 1% for the day is still very good!

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Hi mq112358

If you have had two successful trades would you mind sharing them? How you entered, where you set your SL and TP, and other considerations / safety checks you used? We can all learn from that, I'm sure.

Thanks, Alistair

--- 帖子 #14 ---
I did an experiment, as much for myself as anyone else.

I randomly went to CADJPY H4. Note that the chart has plenty of sideways movement, consolidation areas and some fairly jumpy price behaviour. It is not a cherry-picked case. I also zoomed out 1 click to get more on one page.

Using arrows to mark the crossovers I traded EVERY arrow using the methods I normally would. Where I could I traded two legs following one crossover. I used my standard method of using a move to B/E at 50 pips (that saved a number of losses) and a TP of 100 pips. SL was at the previous swing point.

The results are marked on the chart. I placed the label as close to the relevant arrow as I could. The numbers speak for themselves. I doubt we would find this on every chart, but maybe someone here would like to give some of them a go?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #15 ---
I'll join you.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
This trade has worked out nicely (so far!). I placed a buy stop order at the top of the consolidation area and, although it seemed to take an age to do anything, it has just taken off. I love that kind of breakout and it makes sense to look for trades out of consolidation areas. I'll soon be able to move the stop to B/E.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Other moving average...

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Yeah, I take this trade too, 50 pips for now ))

--- 帖子 #19 ---
I placed this sell stop order during yesterday and it triggered later in the day. It would have been better to get in near the crossover, but looking at the daily chart at that stage I wasn't sure about it. It broke through local support / consolidation easily and is now moving well.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Alistair, Do u trade on Fri and keep trades through the weekend? Bcz this sys is swing trade, right?

--- 帖子 #21 ---
CHFJPY is a shocking pair to trade, check the recent oscillation about the 200 SMA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #22 ---
I generally do trade on a Friday but will usually close before the NFPs or if there is any other major news event coming up. I like to close all my trades at the end of the week so that I can have a weekend with nothing nagging at my mind. Sort of a mental health break. I do sometimes leave a trade open by choice, for example if it is already at break-even and the overall look of the trade is good. I have two trades at B/E right now, but as I'm going to be away for a few days next week and off-grid some of the time, I will close everything today.

Regarding this approach being swing trading, I guess you're right as it does take more than a day for many of these trades to work, but I prefer to treat my trades for a day as a basket and look at returns on balance as a whole. If it is around 1% for the day and it's the end of the day I'll close them then.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Here is another tool that might help you recognize Inside Bars more efficiently

And as NZDCAD was the best trending pair last week, I will cherry pick that to show what else I observe on the charts.

By the way, since the OGT Trend indicator was using 3 MA's, I thought why not emulate the great Bill Williams settings for the Alligator

Well, he used 5, 8, and 13, so we can use 8, 13, and 21 by my reasoning.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
At the weekend we can be a bit silly.

What is the secret of life?

One thing, just one thing, you stick to that and everything else don't mean shit

That's great but what's the one thing?

That's what you got to figure out.

Inserted Video

What is the secret of trading?

One thing, just one thing, you stick to that and everything else don't mean shit

That's great but what's the one thing?

That's what you got to figure out.

For me, it's the Close price after a move above or below the EMA's

Here is an example, if you did nothing else for price action, this would show you the way.

Don't believe me, please check all your charts, and get back to me.

We can use the previous NZDCAD 4-Hour again, check these 2 Close price above the EMA's

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And at a longer timeframe reference, the DAILY chart, not looking back since that CLOSE

For further research on that phenomenon, I suggest to Google for Larry Williams 9-EMA strategy

We could call this the Williams, Williams & Alistair Strategy.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
I ever interest if something come with the use of moving averages. I cann talk about this for hours if i can do this in my native language. In english i tend to reduce my point to less and often i forget something. So if i edit this post in future it is because i have new input here.

I am long enough in trading that i have seen so many systems based on moving averages. The use of this indicator is something like around good and bad. Before i write some more words, i let you some minutes alone withsome charts.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

.. have you take some minutes? Have you deeper watch first chart?

As you can see at some point that work in different settings and styles well. BUT! If you have no clue what is the market doing right now you can use all these examples and lead you to a blind fishing.You can tune the setting all day long but you are fishing blind! I will point this in early stage before the thread is going the way.

Wish all here some good time and hope we can get valuable informations using MAs.

Greets

Michael

--- 帖子 #26 ---
i use a similar strategy, i use SSL to determine trend ( bullish or bearish ) then i use EMA 8 and 21 Cross on the 4h, and i also use TMS oscillator as second trend indicator confirmation. SL and TP are set from ATR value 14 period ( 1 ATR TP , 1.5 ATR SL based on NNFX strategy). As per NNFX concept, i should use Daily TF but i'm finding H4 very good and also i'm trying to focus on certain candles like 1 in london session and 1 in NY session.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
the problem is that when price is above the MA it can go down and when price is below the MA it can go up.

What is really needed is a code to bypass this

--- 帖子 #28 ---
@Erebus

Please can you post the Trending Pairs indicator in the top left corner of your chart?

--- 帖子 #29 ---
That's a CSM - Currency Strength Meter

Plenty of versions here on FF

I edit that one to show only 2 colors, red or green

Enjoy

--- 帖子 #30 ---
The purpose of this thread

I didn't post any rules at the beginning of this thread, trusting in people's decency. So thank you all for respecting each other. I would, however, like to comment on what trading content we post here.

This thread is about using low-number MAs, for example the 8/21 EMAs I use, or similar. It is NOT about using additional indicators. The strategy works as it is and does not need improving. The purpose of this thread is to learn from each other how to get better at using the naked MAs to trade expertly.

So I respectfully ask traders not to introduce indicators or ask for them. If you do use indicators on your charts, please remove them before posting here.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
A note on where to enter a trend

Trends have "legs". When a new trend forms, it goes on its first leg, then after some time, it pulls back significantly. Some traders call such pullbacks a "refresh". Then, most trends experience a second leg. But after that, many trends fade. The odds of a trend continuation after the second leg tend to be lower. Go and have a look at the charts - you will certainly see legs and refreshes.

So I try to enter trades soon after the EMA crossover has taken place, and will do so again at the start of the second leg. But after that, unless it is clear we have a strong trend with good entry points along the way, I will just walk away and look on other charts.

This AUDUSD chart shows two legs and then a refresh / reversal that has two legs down. For me that uptrend ended there and what comes next will be a new trend. You might not agree - in the end it doesn't matter as none of this is very precise - some of the legs and refreshes you will see on the charts look chaotic! We just need to be sure to follow the safety checks I posted previously and to use that trading tool between our ears.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Here's an example of a multi-leg trend. We could have profited from each of these. How could we know that leg 3 was worth taking? The next chart up (D1 in this case) would give the clue that we had a decent uptrend in place.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Just to emphasise that this strategy does not need to be improved, I closed today with 2.15% growth on account balance for the day. Naked EMAs only.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Hi, thanks for your posts and strategie. I am subscribed.

Could you please post your trades for learning purpuse. I will start trading next week and also post my trades.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Here is a trade I decided not to take.

I received an EMA crossover signal on EURAUD H4. Apart from this chart just looking "spiky" (more chance of being stopped out), there is open space between the bars and the EMAs. In other words, the rubber band is stretched and price will pull back to or over the EMAs. So this trade is not ripe yet. But more importantly, the daily shows price going totally sideways. No trade here. Will check in 4 hours' time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #36 ---
I have a sell stop order waiting on this USDCAD H4 chart (see chart further down).

My safety checklist:

1. Dominant trend: YES see D1.

2. S/R obstructions: NO.

3. Enter when price is close to the EMAs: YES, but not completely. I waited for price to go back to the EMAs and placed a sell stop order in case price keeps pulling back.

4. Avoid long/explosive bars: YES. The initial crossover bar was a little bit long but the 3 bars that followed are all very short, waiting in a consolidation area. I'm hoping for a breakout from this area.

5. Avoid trading into price extremes: NO, in fact on the monthly, price rejected the upper extreme on the chart and now seems to be moving down

6. Beware of "old" trends: NO (not old).

Entry

I placed a sell stop order at the base of the pullback bar (the second one in the two-bar pullback). This is in case price continues up. I would rather my entry remains un-triggered during that time.

Exit

What I describe here is not necessarily "best practice". I'm not even sure what best practice is . But it seems to work for me. If one of you can help us learn better ways of doing it, please tell us.

My normal practice is to set a 50 pips move-to-breakeven on an EA that sits on my VPS. It's active even when I'm not. That's a safety feature. I have found that by entering close to the crossover point, most trades go at least 50 pips, even if they then go the other way.

Secondly, I usually set a 100 pip target. I have found that this is a large enough target to make decent money. If it is far away it can take a long time to reach it and then stands a greater chance of price reversing and closing at B/E. I prefer to trade mostly intra-day, or just over two days.

My SL is usually just beyond the recent swing point. This means it is sometimes almost the same distance as my 100 pip target, so it's not ideal. Therefore I have adopted an emergency exit procedure to manage this amount of risk.

Emergency exits

If price goes the wrong way after triggering I don't want to lose almost the same as my target is worth, so when it gets to about 50% loss I will partially close about 25% of my trade, then if it keeps going the wrong way I will close another 25% maybe around 2/3 of the "wrong" way. And after that, I throw my hands up and let it go. But ... if price then corrects and goes on with the dominant trend (which it "should" do if I identified the dominant trend correctly), then with the remaining section of the trade I can at least win back what I partially closed.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
very interesting trade!

I hope it will work out for you.

One question: do you think it at all possible that we are at the end of a downward trend move and we will either see

a) a retest of old lows

b) or the gradual formation of a HL (around were we are now)?

Probably I am totally wrong; I was just wondering if we are close to the end of a downward move.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
The daily chart I posted suggests that price might bounce at the support level where my TP is, and that might end up being the end of the run. But it's done that once already, so maybe this time it will push straight through. I think there is a fair chance it will continue down. But by then I hope to be home and dry and out of the trade, so it will be on to the next trade.

The weekly, shows plenty of space to move down into. But that's not your question - where will the current down move end? I don't know. Which is why I trade short-term - in, out, take your money and move on. I have stopped trying to let my profits run as more of often than not it didn't work for me. Not sure why

--- 帖子 #39 ---
I'm in this GBPJPY trade now (the USDCAD one has still not triggered). This is a useful example of the emergency exit procedure I use - I deleted 25% of the lot size a while back, and was going to close down more but when I looked again, it had recovered.

It also shows that by placing the stop at a previous swing point, a logical place, it gives extra protection than if it's just a set number of pips away. In this case that previous swing point was rather weak, not really a swing, so I went a bit further down, not quite to the next swing low, but it saved the trade by a few pips - a bit of luck is always nice!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Just realised - its Thanksgiving weekend in the USA. Markets will be very slow.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Maybe not such a good time for this trade to trigger. Holding thumbs for a quick breakout below this small consolidation.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
This USDCAD trade still on, but going nowhere. With the US Thanksgiving weekend now on, everything will be slow, and almost no news events in the calendar. Go out and have a picnic, be thankful.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Hi josi

As my aim with this thread is for us to develop expertise using naked MAs, I would prefer it if you remove those indicators when you next post, but use them at home, by all means!

My problem (maybe not your problem, and that's ok) with indicators is that we start trusting them / being misled by them (take your pick!), which means we are no longer using our eyes and our mind to the same extent. I have been though this many times before - divert off my path to try greener pastures, get frustrated, and come back to where I feel most comfortable. Ultimately, I am my own holy grail of trading. That's not meant to sound arrogant, just a different perspective on what I should rely on for success.

So for me, I want to stick to just two MAs, nothing else, and this thread is part of that commitment.

To answer your questions, firstly, I've never heard of MMOs before, but my answer would likely be as written above. Then the issue of fakeouts. Could you clarify what you mean by this in our context here? It might mean one thing to you and another to me!

--- 帖子 #44 ---
MMO: you tend to have a first trend move (1-2), then a retracement (2-3), then a second trend move (3-4):

1-2 and 3-4 tend to be of the same/similar length

Fakeout: as you enter with buy stop or sell stop, your trades get filled once an imaginary line is crossed. Oftentimes price tests a new low/high only to return to a range etc. Later on it will move against you: Do you wait for your SL to be hit or do you get out of the trade early once you realize there may not be a follow through?

--- 帖子 #45 ---
On your fakeouts question, if I have correctly identified the dominant trend and followed my safety checks, then I have learned to have faith in the "system". This means that I tend to leave trades to run even if they do go the wrong way because eventually the dominant trend will (should / might ) see them right again. But as my stops tend to be fairly large, I will reduce risk as described earlier by closing 25% of my lot size at about halfway into loss and maybe another 25% after that, depending on what I think is happening. Then, if price does come back I can use what remains of my trade to pull back some profits to cover what I have closed. That's the theory. As I said previously, I don't know if this is best practice (probably not) but it has some clear benefits for me, mainly the psychological one of reducing the fear of losing an entire trade in one big hit.

What do you do in such situations?

--- 帖子 #46 ---
This pair chosen randomly for an "enter on every crossover" experiment. I have a crossover arrow indicator that I use for convenience. I set it on Shift -1, so it helps me pick up the EMA crossover as that bar closes, which is 1 bar earlier than the usual crossover indicators.

The results are surprisingly good, as with the previous such experiment I did. Can't be right, but I think it is. Does that mean that with all our brain power and safety checks, we aren't doing any better than following the arrows blindly? I use an EA to move the stop to B/E at 50 pips and set the TP to 100 pips. I think a lot of the success of what is shown here is helped by these parameters.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #47 ---
When in doubt, I am out...

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Could you explain how you get to a point of being in doubt? That would be helpful.

With my stops at recent swing points the logic is that if price goes beyond that recent high or low that a trade in that direction is no longer valid. So that would be the only logical time to close, if I am not mistaken. My strategy of reducing risk along the way is psychological rather than objective, as I know I have a weakness with taking losses, and hence it is entirely logical .

--- 帖子 #49 ---
This is a useful example of my risk reduction strategy. The trade has recovered (and moved to B/E) so as it stands now with just less than half of the original lot size remaining, I have almost recouped all of those losses caused by my manual partial closes. This example also reinforces my faith in the "system". Next time it wil probably come back to bite me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #50 ---
In the example we discussed (your system, USDCADH4) my SL would have been above the last LH

but

the situation being what I think it was I would have been out the moment the upward candle closed above EMA8

(because for me that establishes a HL; with reentry always being possible, if the situation changes fundamentally)

[If you compare yesterday's daily open line with today's you see that both are more or less at the same level, which - I think - indicates a range instead of a trend; and the range at the moment is defined by yesterday's high/low]

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Thanks, josi, a useful insight.

I have been asked about the MA crossover signal that I use. You need to get it from the source website because you have to copy three folders and drop them into your MQL4 folder, not the indicators folder. The instructions are on the website https://www.earnforex.com/metatrader...ossover-alert/

I have also posted a screenshot of the settings I use.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #52 ---
I owe you all an apology. It's that saying "If it's too good to be true, it probably is". And I should have known that when backtesting results show consistently good profits, then something isn't right. I did some more backtesting over the weekend and realised that the Shift -1 setting gives false results. This attempt to predict the future by shifting the signal one bar backwards just does not work, very sadly, if only it did .

This morning I placed three different arrow signals on some 1-minute charts so I could speed up my observations. They all behave differently. Two of them sometimes disappear AFTER the current candle has closed if the EMAs go back up/down on the next candle. So what we see on the charts during backtesting is only those signals that did not disappear, in other words, the ones that worked. The third one seems to behave predictably and dependably, but I still need to watch it a bit more before I make a decision about using it.

So apologies again for misleading you. I should have known better.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
This is nearly the exact system I use. A simple  8 & 20 ema cross with the exception of a 200ema to determine trend direction. I then simply wait for engulfing and inside bars early after the crossover. Stop on the other side of the signal bar. TP I generally set for the nearest support or resistance. Aim for a minimum 2:1

Keeps things pretty simple. Good luck to you all!

--- 帖子 #54 ---
That's interesting. Could you post a chart marked up to show how you use it?

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Hi,

What do you think abut this setup? A think it was perfect. Unfortunatly I missed itt.

Hope next time I will be next to my computer. I have a full time job so it is not so easy to be next to my computer evrey 4 hours.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Sorry, I forgot to mention: AUD/USD, 4h chart

--- 帖子 #57 ---
An other perfect setup. Also missed. GBP/JPY, 4 h. After the pull back thers was the setup !

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Here is a quick visual of what I look for. As you have mentioned earlier, the best entries are early after the ema cross. I only trade the 4hr, but will work on any timeframe- the sign of a decent strategy imo.

When they come off, they can provide some pretty decent winners.

All the best

Hopper

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Hi neilpryde

It does look good, although I think you are using Heiken Ashi candles, so it's difficult for me to assess it without also looking at my own charts. As we are trading "naked MAs" could you remove the other indicators you are using when you post here? The purpose of this thread is to improve our skills using just MAs on their own.

I didn't enter this because the daily chart shows a clear uptrend and I didn't want to be caught going short when price might actually be long on the next higher time frame. As things turned out, from the entry level price dropped 53 pips so I would have been stopped out at breakeven by the EA I have running on a VPS that is set to move to B/E at 50 pips. It will be interesting to watch this and see how far down it does go.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #60 ---
I'm enjoying trading with just the MAs, no indicators. I feel free of clutter and confusion and it seems to be helping. Yesterday I made 0.66% profit, so it was an OK day, but today, if a trade I still have running can move the last 10 or so pips to the target, I will bank 3.4% growth on account balance for the day [DONE ]. I'm very happy with that!

I've known for a long time that this is the way I should be trading, but I keep being pulled towards other systems, or adding things to the EMAs to try to improve them. This public forum is helping me stay focussed, thank you for that quality control you are providing!

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Dear Alistar,

Thanks. Sorry for the HA(APB) charts. I do not want to improve your system, because you showed us that is perfect as it is. But I think that your money management is also a crucial point that you are in profit! I will turn off APB chart and only show the price bars and EMAs when I post in the future. I would be more than happy if you keep on posting and show as your trades on charts. We could learn a lot from your experience!

Thanks

Szabolcs

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Thanks, Szabolcs, I would have posted my trades from today but I was driving a lot and had no time. I placed the trades early this morning and then left them. But I will try to post my trades live.

I received a DM asking about which crossover indicator I am now using. Note that I don't think of this as an "indicator". It is just a visual aid so that I can quickly pick up where the crossovers are while I scan the charts for possible trades.

This is a simple indicator that does only what it is supposed to do. Very importantly, I don't think it repaints. Once the crossover bar has closed, the arrow prints and that's it, it stays there. At least I think so. I spent several hours staring at 1-minute charts yesterday and I didn't see it disappear or shift position once. This is very important for backtesting because you need to see exactly what happened live, otherwise backtesting is misleading.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Money management is important, as you say. In my case I have simplified it to a 50 pips move to breakeven (B/E) on all trades and a target of between 100 pips and about 130 pips, depending on which pair it is. Some pairs move more in a day than others. So in my case, money management has been reduced to something simple (and perhaps a bit clumsy or not sophisticated, but it works for me).

But more importantly, with just two MAs, you are forced to use your brain and experience. This is not a rule-based, mechanical system. The closest we get to rules here is "guidelines" or "safety checks". And I think that this feature of it is important - weak and stupid as we humans can be, I still think we are better off NOT having fixed rules to follow because we tend to rely on them and over-trust them, and that makes us properly stupid, or at least, that's my experience.

The steps I follow are:

1. Wait for an MA crossover and try to trade the first leg in the trend, or wait for a refresh and try the second leg. I'm not sure about trading more legs than that. Most trends don't get that far, some do, but overall, we will be better off walking away after the second leg unless it's obvious the trend will continue.

2. Wait for price to pull back in some way or other- inside bar, two-bar pullback, outside bar, or a "refresh" - all of these represent either a simple pause or a multi-bar retracement

3. Decide if this is a valid trade by applying the safety checks

4. Place a stop order not too close to where price currently is in case it triggers your trade and then keeps pulling back and back and back.

5. Manage your trade, which means different things to different traders based on your personal style.

I think that's about it.

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Here's a trade I won't be taking, not yet.

H4 has crossed down and is sitting in a small consolidation zone. Breakouts from such zones can be explosive and profitable.

But ... it is sitting on a local support level. This isn't a big issue - just wait until it breaks below. But ... the daily chart shows a clear uptrend and this pullback might soon end as price resumes its bullish move. So it has potential, but we must wait and see what happens next.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Here's a more promising option, also a GBP trade.

On H4 that small pinbar would have made a useful place to enter, but I missed it. Next is not to have a sell stop order triggered too soon, so a sell stop order below the small consolidation zone makes sense.

Is the dominant trend down? The daily chart shows a sloping bearish channel, so yes, I think it is. There's about 300 pips from the proposed sell stop level to the lower channel boundary, so no problems there.

Should I go for it?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Of course, it may work out - and easily, too.

At the same time, I think, we are where we were with USDCAD a few days ago:

an area of strong resistance at which price could easily move both ways.

(So, once again, very interesting to see what will happen.)

--- 帖子 #67 ---
I hadn't noticed that upward sloping trend line. So perhaps we need to wait for price to break below local support and that trend line.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Good call josi!

This highlights the saying "I would rather be out of a good trade wishing I was in, than in a bad trade wishing I was out". Preserving capital is almost as important as making it. So it is important to avoid traps like this example. Also, if you are trailing your stop order behind a pullback, don't be in a hurry to get it triggered. It's better to hang back and let price come to you when it finally does resume with the dominant trend. Rather lose a few pips near the beginning than go into loss, perhaps to be stopped out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #69 ---
AlistairC

Have you tried using your method on indices such as the Dow or Nasdaq or maybe the Dax? It's just that they tend to trend better than FX, plus by their very nature, they have an overall long bias on the higher time-frames

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Not much. It's probably just the familiarity of forex. I'm familiar with the behaviours of forex pairs and the scale of numbers they have. By that I mean that a lot size of 0.20 is a known quantity across most pairs, I just know if that is "big" or "small", but the same lot size on some of the indices or other instruments might cause my laptop to catch fire. My 50 pip standard move to B/E is a bit uneven across different currency pairs, but it mostly does what I want it to. With the DAX40, 50 pips (actually, I don't even know if something like the DAX has pips, or what the equivalent might be!). But 50 of those things is probably miniscule. So I tend to avoid those instruments because there's just too much to trip me up.

On reflection, it is probably the less "trendy" behaviour of forex that has moved me in the direction of short-term trading. Having said all that, what is your experience of those instruments?

--- 帖子 #71 ---
I have traded the Dow, sometimes the Nasdaq and occasionally the Dax (but that can be a bit wild sometimes). You just have to be aware of the index's cash market open times, that's all really. But I trade the daily mainly, due to ill health where I can't look at a screen for long periods!

CFDs have really opened up all futures markets to the retail punter so you don't need expensive futures exchange accounts. I have traded Oil and Natural Gas as well as Indices for a period of time, daily trends can set-up and last many weeks in these market. It's just getting in at the right time is the key and I've not perfected that yet, hence that's why I've expressed an interest in your method.

I'm also experimenting with other markets, Cotton, Orange Juice (but that can be a thin market), Corn and Coffee. These markets are very seasonal, growing and harvesting, but their daily trends can be great.

I'll post up some charts if you like

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Thanks for this. Yes, please do post some charts. Are you able to do this with just 2 MAs showing?

--- 帖子 #73 ---
It's been an interesting two days. Yesterday I made 3.6% profit on account balance, which is a very good result. Today I couldn't find a single trade that satisfied our requirements. Well, the one, but josi put a stop to that, thankfully! So let's say I had a good day today because I didn't lose a cent.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
I have been expecting a breakout and now it has happened. Now we need to wait for a pullback. The weekly shows plenty of space to move down into. This could be a profitable setup to follow down for a long time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Yesterday josi warned us about this trend line. Now we have broken though that area with an explosive move down. As with the previous post for USDJPY, we must now wait for a pulback to the MAs, ideally right to the MAs, but an inside bar, two-bar pullback or outside bar setup will also do, as long as we don't go chasing price and get triggered too early.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #76 ---
This a strong resistance level at an extreme high level. I'm not going to be buying any time soon and will wait for a good sell signal to present itself.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Finally, something that looks like a decent trade, and even so, it's not perfect.

I saw the consolidation area forming and was expecting a breakout from that area sooner or later. Then the inside bar (IB) setup formed and I decided to go for it. Next minute it had exploded, right on cue.

But there's a clear support level (see daily chart). As it is 50 pips down I thought the risk was worth it because at that level my stop will move to B/E. At worst I make nothing, if not, I make a profit. It might even be worth taking profit at 50 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #78 ---
I moved my TP to that support level and it has just reached the target. That plus another small trade that I closed earlier this morning give me just over 2% return for the day. I'm going to take the rest of the day off.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Hi Alistair

Here's a daily chart on the Dow30 using Tradingview, I tend to use TV for analysis and MT4 for execution

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the Dax 40

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Please be assured that I'm not showing off here, or being arrogant. I'm as excited as anyone about this amazing change in my trading, and I want to encourage all of you with these results that it is quite possible to do well.

The reason this is happening, I'm sure, is down to sticking to what I know and not trying to improve it. And it seems to be true that the less I have on the chart, the better I do. All of this has been with just the 8 and 21 EMAs (plus experience, plus following the safety checks, probably more than my 10,000 hours spent staring at charts and a whole lot of luck).

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Here's Coffee Robusta, just about to change trend. Right now coming up, is the high coffee consumption period in the Northern regions Europe and US and prices start to rise, although Covid and the Ukraine war has upset commodities across the world:

--- 帖子 #83 ---
So, apart from having to adjust the sizes of stops, targets and lot sizes, this looks familiar enough to trade right now. Ignoring the role of fundamentals for now (like the winter coffee season), is there any other adjustment one would need to make to trade commodities and indices effectively?

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Nope not really. I use Global Prime as a broker they have quite a few CFDs listed. Just be aware that the CFDs trade about 22 to 23 hours a day, but that's shown on MT4 platform. They're a copy of the Futures, but on indices just be aware of when their cash markets open. But as I trade the daily it doesn't matter really, plus I use stop orders to get around any spread increase on rollovers. I find that commodities react very well to SR areas so they can be great TP areas

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Here's Orange Juice about to change trend on the daily

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Now as far as I'm aware CFDs are banned in the US after lobbying from the futures exchanges, but here in Europe we're free to explot them without the exchanges expensive charges. How long this will last I don't know, we'll see as time goes on

--- 帖子 #87 ---
I entered this trade this morning. It's not the cleanest of setups, but so far it's working. Note that price is below and moving down from a long-term resistance level. I'm assuming that down will be the direction for a while.

The MAs crossed down overnight and then there was a pullback to the MAs, creating a two-bar pullback setup. I entered on the lower body section of the pullback candle, which is unusual for me, but I have noticed from backtesting that it does seem to be effective.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #88 ---
A pretty unusual pair, almost exotic, but it's loking nice on H4. Most JPY pairs seem to be benifiting on the Yen's resurgence

--- 帖子 #89 ---
More than nice - massive surge down . Now at breakeven. Free ride from here and I think I might just leave it to see if it gets to the TP of 120 pips. If it doesn't, it (almost) doesn't matter as I've had a great week already.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #90 ---
First post to the forum and have really enjoyed following your thread so far and just experimenting with your strategy. Thanks very much for taking the time to provide the updates and look forward to seeing how it evolves.

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Nice one Alastair. You seem to be doing well on H4, well done! Just stick to it and don't deviate, as you have said......

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Yesterday evening UC sell after MA cross and outside bar enter

--- 帖子 #93 ---
How I have been trading is using a trading channel using an 8EMA set to low and another one set to high. Although visually it seems good but in reality it gets in quite late. I have a decision to make now, whether to move to Alastair's proven type of method or stick with my own. Time to ponder! Thank you Alastair for laying out your method.......

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Missed IB. Would you wait for this PB to make a dicision?

--- 帖子 #95 ---
I think the way one trades should fit comfortably with your instincts, mindset, lifestyle, and it might not be optimal for someone else. Sounds like your 8 EMA channel isn't that far from my approach, and  many lessons you have learned along the way should transfer. But don't go channel hopping.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
I would wait for shorter bars - these ones are too explosive. And it's Friday. During Monday's Asian session at the beginning of trade next week there might be some short bars that form a consolidation zone higher up near the EMAs. That might be a good place to trade out of.

But look at the daily chart. There might be a longer H4 pullback than you expect, so be cautious about being caught in a bullish correction.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Thank you Alistair for a very interesting and informative thread. I have a MA crossover system but it gives much more inconsistent results than yours. I am going to demo your system and see how it pans out for me.  Regards from a fellow South African.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
No, it's not that far from your approach at all. My health issues have curtailed my trading a lot forcing me to go daily, which brings its own challenges. I promise to not channel hope, been there done that and have used every indicator that's out there, along with EAs. IMHO EAs do not work over the long term, they can work for a while but markets constantly change. Take the pandemic, that changed everything, then the war, Cryptos, the list goes on.

I'm minded to follow your approach using the daily instead, but that time-frame can be mind numbingly slow, we'll see!

Have a great weekend guys

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Shouldn't the pullback be closer to the initial crossover? Does the trade itself lose strength or consistency if the pullback if this many candles after the crossover happened?

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Yes, usually I trade the first two legs after the crossover (when a suitable setup arises). After that I am cautious even though that trend might continue, because in most cases trends fade after about two legs, and by then there are almost always better opportunities elsewhere.

So when I responded to your initial question I was focussing just on the bars themselves, not the overall trend structure (was too focussed!). But taking the bigger picture into account I would suggest that this trend has been around for a while, so why tempt fate, unless there are strong signs from higher TFs that it will continue.

I have marked up the main trend on this chart with its leg/refresh structure, but these things are not precise and are not predictable. Just that most trends seem to follow the same basic pattern again and again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #101 ---
I'm not convinced that my approach is any more consistent than yours - I suspect my fair share of luck has played a role in the last few weeks. But can we see what yours looks like and how you trade it?

--- 帖子 #102 ---
It's just gone 12 noon here. Nothing much useful happening in the forex markets.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
You're right on the luck front. I used to say that to a trading buddie I used to have, I reckoned that success was about 40% luck and 60% your system, or rather where you exited your trade. In fact a friend of mine still trades on random'ish entries but manages his trades very well, adding as well if he thinks it'll continue in his direction. He looses a lot but they're very small, but he trades on M5 or even M1lol

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Hi Alistair

Thank you for an interesting thread. Keep up the good work and it will be interesting to see how your the strategy goes. Please keep posting results wins and losses and will try to join when I can. I'm a bit like Rover though can only trade the Daily as I run quite a busy business.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
All four NZD pairs here are at or close to resistance and all have had an extended run and are now "stretched", ready to pull back. I'm now waiting for crossovers.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #106 ---
can't say that I see them all the same way, "contrariwise", really:

as long as you have HHs & HLs you are still in an uptrend

as long as you have LLs & LHs you are still in an downtrend

if price moves decidedly sideways (despite fake BOs) you are still in a range (that may or may not be an accumulation)

the rest, it seems to me, is speculation and may or may not be what is going to happen

--- 帖子 #107 ---
You're right about HHs and HLs. All I am saying is that I am expecting an H4 crossover on these pairs. After that we will still have to assess whether we have a tradeable setup or not. By then price might have broken through the trend lines defined by the HLs and we might be onto something. But time will tell.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Here's a trade that is based on an H4 crossover. These low-number EMAs cross over very early, so this is still technically counter-trend. It means I must keep a close eye on it and close it quickly if it starts looking heavy.

It would have been better to get in on that red pullback bar, but that was in the middle of my night.

There are several points in favour of taking this trade - all of the USD pairs are showing similar behaviour, suggesting that USD is strengthening across the board. This chart went strongly oversold (as did the daily chart), showing plenty of open space between price and the EMAs, suggesting a strong reaction the other way. This downtrend has been in place for some time so the odds of it turning are higher now. Finally, I have been expecting a refresh on the daily and this might be what is now happening. Does this sound like I am just talking my way out of trouble? It's certainly not the ideal setup. Let's see how it works out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #109 ---
I've been following this thread with interest and all four NZD pairs are starting to turn or have turned on the H4. The four examples AlistairC posted earlier are on the daily which shows a different picture than the H4. At the moment there is only the NZD/CAD which is not close to crossing on the H4.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
That wasn't my cleverest idea. The whole idea behind this is that the secret to trading is to buy when it's going up, sell when it's going down and do neither when it's doing neither. Counter-trend trading doesn't fit into that.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Don't worry:

Price did what it did - some other day it would have worked out:

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Yes NC was wonderful on the daily, but of course you need to hold for many days maybe weeks, difficult to do. You could also add on each pull-back, even more difficult to do

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Just as a comparison, here's my 8 EMA channel method

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Sell Stop AUDUSD 0.67
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Summarised safety checklist

1. Dominant trend: Not bullish
2. Avoid S/R obstructions:No,there is a resistance level right above the entry
3. Enter when price is close to the EMAs: Partly
4. Avoid long/explosive bars: YES
5. Avoid trading into price extremes: No, not actually, see monthly
6. Beware of "old" trends: Yes,on H4, but ...

This wasn't my best trading performance!

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Buy Stop USDCHF 0.9436
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #117 ---
update
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #118 ---
the chart clearly is lower high, lower low. so in downtrend

also the mas are almost touching eachother, so no trend at present.

you are taking a buy trade in downtrend.

be careful.

(i can be wrong )

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Welcome to my humble abode, Dr Walvekar! I'm happy to see you posting here.

I agree with your comments, and my "safety checklist" would too. But this pair is in an interesting situation now.

1. The monthly chart shows that we are close to a very long-term low. Of course price will do what it likes, but history does matter.

2. The weekly shows more detail, that we are sitting on a clear support level.

3. The daily shows we have had an extremely explosive move down (those two very long red bars), so a correction is due.

4. And so, when we look at the H4 chart, while it is not obviously a buy, the larger context looks very much like a bullish market is coming, and perhaps Einsteinvn's trade, if they can hold onto it, will work very well.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #120 ---
I'm starting to get interested in AUDUSD. It has rejected a resistance level and price might be breaking below the daily EMAs. Still a way to go before we can say it has reversed, but it's worth watching.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #121 ---
This trade where I made the mistake of entering on a new trend before the "dominant" trend (on D1) had shown any signs of reversal, made me think. We encourage entering as close to the crossover as possible, yet in a case like this are we encouraging a bad trading practice? Well, no, because the safety checks take care of that (if we bother to read them ).

So I thought of looking more closely at what a mistake would look like and what a good crossover would look like.

Here is the first H4 crossover after a downtrend. The daily chart chart shows where that crossover took place - it was in a downtrend because the dominant trend had still not started turning. Now scroll down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this next example the first H4 crossover had already taken place to the left of screen and it would have been a mistake to enter then. These four crossovers took place later, AFTER the daily trend had turned. So now we know. Simple really , and yet we keep making mistakes (or I do). Why?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Congrats AlistairC really good thread you got here. Hope to get some charts zoom to share. Today I took 3 trades with your aproach and take 3 TP.

My way to trade is HH HL ot LH LL and add your Moving Averages and can see more clear the trade. Just that, no more tools.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Thank you Trinquete, glad to hear you had three good trades today. Please share a chart marked up as you use it.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Remember this? That's how it turned out. A refresh on the daily. Check this chart and then scroll down.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That's one of the problems we face with trading low number MAs. Minor pullbacks (such as two-bar pullbacks or inside bars) stay more-or-less in line with where price has been moving. But every now and again price retraces well beyond our MAs towards where the 30 or even 60 EMA might be. These will often lead to a stopout and then price resumes with the dominant trend, leaving us stopped out and frustrated. We need to expect these, and knowing that price moves with legs and refreshes really helps because we can (sort of) anticipate them after price has moved steadily for several bars. Also, if price has become extended (moved fast or explosively) then some kind of retracement usually follows. That's how I guessed, successfully this time, that the second refresh might be about to take place.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
One suggestion to solve this problem: use a third MA that emulates the higher TF-MA (in your case D1, I guess). By doing so you can always see (on your trading TF) how price moves relative to the D1-MA.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
It's a good idea, thank you. I have actually been doing that on my "private" charts - the ones I don't post. Seeing those "daily" dashed MAs (48 &126 EMAs) on the H4 chart gives me a "one-glance' view of the dominant trend. But I still find a quick flip up to the real thing is more useful and I do that as soon as a chart looks interesting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Nothing much going on. Is anyone else finding decent trades? There are some good setups in places but they are at the end of a long trend and/or up against a S/R level, so they don't qualify.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
I did not enter the crossover of the emas, because I wait for the retracement to the HL and the push up. Let's see how this trade turns out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the H1 graph you can see better where I could the TP, for the exit.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Make a second entry in M5 in the close of the candle marked.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit: Closed manually at...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I can´t take this one, with this spike, and the price flew far away...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Thanks for posting this. If I understand your first chart correctly (I have reposted it below), you wait until the last H and the last L are both higher than the ones before them and then you look for a buy trade (or vice versa). Have I understood it correctly - you look at just the last two swing points?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #130 ---
One thing to keep in mind, maybe, is that his HH (see screenshot) is no HH but a LH, which may indicate weakening momentum.

(I think, as long as the overall bias is up - which it is - one could still enter this riskier trade and exit at high-retest-level, which - by now - price has almost reached.)

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Hi AlistairC, my way to see the movement is this one in the chart below....the EMAS can help me to see the right moment to take the trade. Fo me, the Bias is Uptrend, so I enter the trade with more confidence.

EDIT: And try to take the trade in M5.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #132 ---
I have taken the almost identical trade on GBPUSD! The reason I didn't post it is that it doesn't fulfill all the safety checks. It's already quite an old trend and it is not far from a resistance level, and I didn't want to cause confusion.

I went with the daily trend and not primarily what I saw on H4. If the dominant trend is the driver and it's a good one, then even a weak setup on the lower time frame "should" follow. Does that make sense?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Here's another example where I took my lead from the dominant trend on D1. The H4 chart is ok but it's a bit "all over the place", so on its own I might not have gone for it. On H4 the first leg and the first big pullback have completed and now we are looking at the second leg, so the PA is promising.

Safety checks: Dominant trend? Yes / S/R obstruction? No / Price close to EMAs? Yes / Avoid explosive bars? Last 4 have been very small / Old trend? No. All OK (hope you agree!)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Be careful today...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Thanks, and right after the results came out things looked a bit wild. All three came out green. We can look to a bullish USD next week. But as technical traders we don't need to know that - the charts will tell us, and if somehow price doesn't do as the fundamentals predict, we'll know about that too. Just trade what you see.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #136 ---
It was a funny kind of week, but I'm happy that I made 1.3% profit today. Good thing too, because I ended up at close to B/E for the week.

The main thing I (re-)learned was to trade strictly in line with the dominant trend. Most of the H4 and D1 pairs this week were either not aligned with each other or were at S/R or were "old trends", which I usually ignore.

--- 帖子 #137 ---
It's true, sometimes the desire to trade every day fools me a little. To continue looking at the charts and trade according to what we know how to do.

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Last trade of the week taken in M5. I take it too late, and now is going down.

Edit: SL hit

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #139 ---
This is the sequence that I usually follow when deciding to place a trade. In my case H4 is the trading time-frame and D1 shows the dominant trend.

On the H4 charts:Is there a new trend after a crossover (= first leg) or a second or perhaps even a third leg starting? (This also means to avoid "old" trends unless PA tells you otherwise). Are the recent bars (i) on the "trend side" of the EMAs? (ii) mostly short (iii) fairly close to the EMAs (very little or no open space between bars and EMAs)? Is there any S/R obstruction? I don't mind a consolidation "strip" made up of recent short bars, as long as there is no other S/R level at the same level. If above all OK, look at the monthly and/or weekly chart:Is price approaching an extreme level? If so, make an intelligent (not emotional) decision whether to walk away or proceed If not, proceed. If decision is to proceed, look at the daily:Is the H4 trend aligned with the D1 trend? Is there any S/R obstruction? If still OK, you probably have a trade - look at H1 for more detailed info and a possible better entry than is possible on H4. My advice is always to use a stop order in case price continues pulling back across the EMAs and then into a refresh or reversal, which might stop you out.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Today trade in H4, I made one before in M5 (with TP hit) but not take the screenshot.

I took this trade because on H4 I saw the double top and the HL... and crossover the EMA´s to go short. Let's see how it develops.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #141 ---
On my H4 and D1 charts the 8/21 EMAs have not yet crossed down, so I have this pair still clearly bullish. But with that resistance above I don't want to buy. So I will sit out until PA shows me what to do.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Is it at all possible you mean LH?

I don't see a MA-cross as yet (so the trade isn't according to the rules of this thread) and price - I think - is still in a clear uptrend bias.

But the trade may nevertheless be successful, of course.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
On EURAUD I have a buy trade waiting to be triggered. The PA is not as clean as EURUSD but it is a valid trade. As far as I can make out (given that the PA is a bit messy), all of the safety checks are clear.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
I hope, it will work out -  all the best:

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Hmm, I didn't see that resistance about 40 to 50 pips up. Thank you. It's much clearer if I zoom out one click. Will watch what happens when price gets there.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Well, as it is, you are certainly in a sideways market. It may be a distribution or it may not - only time will tell.

At the moment this is not a trending market (on H4, that is) - for me that means MAs don't really work.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Thanks josi could we keep ideas like accumulation and distribution out of this thread as they tend to muddy the waters of the pure price action supported by two MAs that I would like us to stick with and become better at?

On the daily this market is sideways over the longer-term, but in the last almost two weeks we have an upward move shown both in the HHs and HLs (messy as they are) and in the EMAs being crossed up. It is that move up that I am hoping will go far enough to make some money for me. In the meantime my buy stop order has not been triggered, so if price does continue down I will simply cancel the order. This is why I promote the use of stop orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Re-think ...

Even if price does go up for a bit, when viewed like this, there's not much value in it, as I am trading into resistance, potential profit just 40 pips, but plenty of risk that it won't get there. I'll just cancel the order. Thank you for your clarity.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #149 ---
This is not what this thread is about but:

I guess there is no problem at all to trade this on M5 because the range is potentially wide enough.

Al Brooks wrote a book on how to trade ranges - all you need to know is there.

(He wrote another one on reversals, and another one on trends...)

Whether it goes "up for a bit" or not is irrelevant (in my opinion). But a break of structure (in your case resistance area) would, of course, be significant (despite the possibility of a fake-out). A rejection as well, of course....

And - as so often - with your examples, these trades are very interesting because there are opposing ways to analyze them:

a) formally we have a HH and a HL (so an uptrend is feasible)

b) at the same time the last HH was rejected at a zone that was already established as a strong resistance and moved downward from there (therefore this could turn into a downtrend)

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Almost at the end of the trading year. Just today and tomorrow to go until everything more-or-less shuts down.

I had a good day yesterday, 4 trades, 4 wins, 2.9% gain. I didn't post any of these because all of them in one way or another did not meet the requirements for our trades, not in big ways, but enough to raise eyebrows! It's "proof" that sometimes all you need is a bit of luck and any trade will work! Other days nothing you do works.

Here is a possible USDJPY trade. The weekly shows a "recent" reversal with lots of space to move down into. So even though the daily is now in its third leg down, after visiting the envelope between the EMAs twice, I'm happy to go with it, based on the HTFs being aligned.

I placed a sell stop order on the H4 pinbar that lies across the EMAs. That is often a good trade signal, although I prefer it to be a longer PB extending a bit beyond both sides of the envelope, especially beyond the 21 EMA.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #151 ---
That just wasn't meant to be! It would have made a nice buy trade though . I'll just cancel the order.

--- 帖子 #152 ---
I think we're starting to see that reversal I have been expecting for a while. My AUD pairs look similar.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #153 ---
I have got one open order. GBP/Jpy. At the moment there is capital protection after 50 pips (EA). It is free ride.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Several of the JPY pairs are dropping now. I got lucky with this one (so far ...)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Hi neilpryde, your trade is currently about 26 pips in profit. Nice one. What was your logic for this trade - I see both H4 and D1 are bullish (based on EMAs crossed up) at the moment, so you must have looked at other factors to decide to go short?

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Hope you still had your eye on that EURAUD-trade because it came back big today (perfect W-formation).

--- 帖子 #157 ---
No, I missed it . It was an amazing move up. Just checked - still going!

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Looks like it can't break though this support level. I'll leave it for a bit longer and see what happens.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Yes, It was a long trade. Finally with breakeven. I t is OK, next time I will reach the target !

--- 帖子 #160 ---
So you bought - with the trend! OK, that's good. I thought you sold. When you post could you include enough information so we can follow your trade, and also explain your logic? That's so we can learn from it, no matter whether it succeeds or fails, we can always learn.

This is what I see on the chart, marked with your entry level and target. It's in the right position - any higher and it's outside that upper line of the flag formation. Hopefully price isn't now on its way down to the other side after already visiting the upper level of the flag.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #161 ---
I closed this trade manually because I didn't want to have a maybe / maybe not kind of trade hanging over me in the evening and while I slept. I know some traders can cope with this, but I prefer to clear my desk. I banked a small profit so that's OK.

This morning I saw that price had broken below the support, so I went short again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Hopefully you were able to get out at B/E. Price has continued down. Seems like that last visit to the upper boundary of the flag pattern was the beginning of the move back down again. Just because the EMAs were crossed up meant little in that case. This reminds me that trend lines and chart patterns are important.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
i am using ma in color for a long time. it gives a very good visual perspective of the price action in relation to the current trend.

ma in color mtf helps to see the relation of the price action in relation to emas of higher time frame,

may help to enter the trade earlier than your current setup,

give it a try  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached File(s)   MA IN COLOR.mq4

9 KB
|
284 downloads
Attached File(s)   Ma in color (mtf).mq4

11 KB
|
285 downloads

--- 帖子 #164 ---
True enough (I mentioned it once before), I think.

To - once again - remind you of the EURAUD-trade we wrote about:

--- 帖子 #165 ---
To get the W1 EMA8 on 4H Chart. How to calculate and what is the actual  4h EMA? Please advise. Thank you

--- 帖子 #166 ---
There are 6 H4 bars in a day and 5 days in a trading week, so to put a W1 MA on the H4 chart multiply by 30. EMA 8 becomes EMA 240 and EMA 21 becomes EMA 630. Maybe try the daily MAs first (multiply by 6), at least you'll see them on the H4 chart most of the time!

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Hi

I'm trading using EMAs 8 & 20 crossing on H4 & D1. D1 to give me directional bias & H4 for trigger. I've added EMA100 on H4 chart, solely to act as a DSR (dynamic S/R). Trades on H4 will only be taken if they're align with D1 bias. Otherwise, I give them a miss.

There were a few opportunities this week.

EJ  +150pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #168 ---
GN +100pips Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #169 ---
US500 still running
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #170 ---
WTI still running

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #171 ---
This week trade opportunities but not taken:

AudChf

AudNzd

UsdCad

AudJpy

GbpAud

EurAud

Have a great weekend

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Hi yanah12 thanks for sharing. Nice trades here.

I have lots of questions! Could you explain the steps you follow to identity a suitable trade? And could you give us some detail of any rules or safety checks you have in place before you finally decide a setup can be traded? I'm especially interested to know how you use the 100 EMA? What are those short brown line on your charts? And I'm curious to know - did you develop this system before you saw my thread or is it an adaptation of what you saw here?

Looking forward to learning more from you.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Hi,

This is 1 of my trading system & been using it for quite a while. Been taught to follow higher TF trend.  Added EMA100 on H4 chart to validate the buy/sell signals & to act as S/R. The short brown lines are previous week hi/lo (H4) & previous month hi/lo (D1). I used them for TP setting or to lookout for breakout/bounced.

The trading rules are simple:

1) D1 - EMAs crossed for signals + reversal candle patterns, etc

2) H4 - to trigger trades

- D1 EMAs must clearly crossed one another

- EMAs 8 & 20 (H4) crossed

- candle closed below or above EMA100

3) SL & TP - I used H4 previous swing hi/lo or you can set your own.

60-70% of the time, the market will give continuation trade(CT) signals. The remaining 30-40%, the market will be ranging.

GU charts for illustration.CT means continuation trade. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #174 ---
More charts to illustrate.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Good setups but don't you think that you will be burnt on a ranging week because is H4 ?

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Yes, a ranging market is always going to be difficult when the system relies on a trend. As a precaution that is why I use stop orders to try to stay clear of price that might go the wrong way, and also I have an EA on a VPS that moves the SL to B/E at 50 pips (sorry for all the acronyms!!). That move to B/E has saved me from losses many times. OK, it also stops me out with no loss when price then goes on to make a profit, but I would "rather be out of a trade wishing I was in, than in a trade wishing I was out".

But the above precautions are just an excuse for not knowing how to stay out of a trending market. That is one of the things I need to get better at. The problem is it's not that easy to see when it's live. Easy afterwards

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Thanks for reminding me about the color MA, Dr Walvekar, we used it a lot on the Guppy MA thread where you presented your "Walvekar method". https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...gmma?page=2999

Here is my 8/21 EMA chart with yanah12's 100 EMA added, all using color MAs. What do traders think? The MA responds to slope by turning green/red when it is up/down, and turns yellow when it is flat, or in transition.

It's easy to come up with a successful strategy based on "buy when all three are green / sell when red", or better, add to this "AND when all three MAs are aligned in numerical order". Would anyone like to do some backtesting on this and let us know how it went?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #178 ---
hello Alistair can you please help me complete the attached code? I want to remove the SL and TP by using crosses to close buy and sell positions. Please  assist me.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
the basic principles of technical analysis remain the same whatever system, strategy, method you follow.

try to find if entry candle of your method is supported by any other proved, established and easy criteria of technical analysis.

for eg trendlined or flags

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

a) this is the chart you were refering to in your previous posts. after crossover, candle closed below a major trendline (white line..... more than 3 touches)

immediately next caandle closed below a minor trendline (blue... only 2 touches). both suggest a strong downtrend and were excellent entries.

b) even if you missed these there was another flag entry when the trend was well established and in strong momentum.(both emas almost vertically down and pointing south) Attached Image (click to enlarge)

there is so much more than crosses and color change.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Sorry, Olga, I'm not a coder. But there are plenty of experienced coders on Forex Factory. Try finding one of them?

--- 帖子 #181 ---
After a pullback to the 21 EMA on the daily chart (a refresh) and then a break below the EMAs, it seemed like a good time to look for a trade on H4. The recent crossover on H4 happened earlier today and that was all I needed. I reviewed the safety checks and all seems good.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Thanks for the info and I will be following this trade with interest as I have been following your idea for a few weeks now and it is nice and simple and suits my beginners style of trading.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Thank you. Observe, by all means, but don't follow blindly - this business has a way of making most of us feel like beginners!

Look at the same USDJPY trade from the previous post. Now that some time has passed I have noticed that we have an obvious bullish channel in place - the classic HH and HL pattern. How did I not notice this? Hopefully the current leg will continue down to the lower channel boundary. I must spend more time searching for such patterns before pulling the trigger.

It's what walvekarraje was saying just a few posts ago: https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post14259732

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Sell gold target 1777
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #185 ---
We all knew this was coming, right?  Which is why I say that luck has a lot to do with trading success. All we can do is play the probabilities and be in the right place when it happens.

Something else that this highlights is the placement of stops. My trade was stopped out, but had I placed my stop above the actual swing point (which would then have been above the upper boundary of the channel) it would have survived. But then the amount of risk would have been too much, so the trade would not have been viable. Nobody said that trading would be easy (well, they did, but they were lying).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Had two sell trades on my demo account on USD/JPY and turned out very well bagging 150 pips, wish everything went this well!

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Well done. Could you tell us how you did this, your strategy etc?

And yes, sometimes it's so easy, others you do everything right and it doesn't work out. This trade is one that just worked (so far). I'll soon move my stop to B/E.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Sorry should have said 258 pips. Entered two trades after the 8 EMA crossed below 21 EMA in quite a strong downtrend and below the moving average on my Bollinger Bands and also the 200 EMA and all the news pointed to the Yen rising against the dollar. Entered one trade at 13709 with a conservative stop at 13610 and after observing a sharp downtrend entered a second trade at 13600 with a stop at 13442 just above my support line at 13429. Then went to bed and hoped for the best

Also been experimenting with RSI set at 14 50 50 and it had gone below the 50 at the same time into a downward trend.

As they say the rest is history, pity it was on my demo account but hopefully building to bigger and better things in the future once I gain more knowledge and experience.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
This might just be my bias, but I believe it is generally sound advice to suggest that you try to doing without indicators like RSI, MACD, CCI and so on. And the millions of others like them out there that all seem like greener pastures, but usually (in my experience) turn out to be a disapointment.

What I suggest you do is to look back for trade setups that match your criteria. Then remove RSI and see if it makes any difference at all. I'm prepared to stick my neck out and say that you'll find you could have made the same trades equally confidently if the indicator had not been there. It's like learning to ride a bicycle - at first those fairy wheels seem essential, but they become a hindrance pretty quickly. Let me know how it goes!

--- 帖子 #190 ---
EurNzd EMAs crossed. Short position opened & running with some green pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trade safe.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Gold trade hit TP.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trade safe, it's holiday period.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Instead of moving down a bit more so I could move to B/E, it has gone into consolidation mode. I wasn't too concerned about it because the overall price action structure is still valid and looks strong. My hope is that this one will explode out of that consolidation during today (downwards, of course!).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Do you still think this will carry on a downward trend as it has had a rise of around 48 pips today but appears at this moment in time to have stalled around 9140 and the 8 EMA has turned into an uptrend on the H4 chart

Update now around 9112 so going down nicely

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Yes, I was a bit concerned, even though most things point to the short trade continuing. So I took "evasive action" by closing 25% of my lot size and later 25% of the remaining lot size, so that left me with enough to win back those losses if the trade went well and a smallish loss if it went badly.

The daily chart hasn't turned bearish yet but that PA at the top is a fairly sure sign of a reversal in progress.

And if you take a step back and look at the H4 chart as if there was no trade running, no emotional attachment at all, then what you see is a normal little spike above the 21 EMA, happens every day. So, while I decided to reduce some of my risk, I also knew I should trust the system and it does seem to be sorting itself out.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #195 ---
The confidence I expressed for AUDCAD was based on an actually bullish D1 chart that was showing "fairly sure signs" of a reversal. Isn't it better to be very sure?

Here's an example of what I mean. A short trade on H4 anywhere along that dotted line would have worked really well. The same dotted line on the daily chart shows why - the reversal was done and dusted and it was all downhill from there. That's the ideal.

My new year's resolution is to be more patient and to wait for price action that looks like this.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
I agree with what you are saying reference AUD/CAD and the D1 chart shows quite a strong downtrend from a high of around 9320 over the last week and I will continue to watch and observe.

Just wondered how you manage to monitor and find the pairs which cross the 8/21 EMAs and do you use any sort of system to keep an eye on them all.

Thanks for all of your help and still in the beginner stages and trying to learn as much as possible as running my trades on a demo account at the moment.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Attached Image
Attached File(s)   MTF MA Multi Pair Dashboard.ex4

68 KB
|
281 downloads

use this as a top down analysis tool... eg.1) CADCHF.... M15 to MN are in down trend except H1. so look for crossover/ bearish pattern on H1 to enter short.

dont use this as a standalone tool. you still need to consider other basic  criteria of technical analysis.... support/resistance, trendline breaks, flags. overbought/oversold, etc .

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Greetings,

The most important trading lesson I've learned would probably be to FOLLOW TRADING RULES!

There have been a lot of times when I went ahead of my system and ended up with losses. I entered the trade even before officially meeting my entry signals because I was confident that price would move the way I was expecting it to.

I’m learning more about patience in trading, meaning to wait for an actual signal–not just jumping in because ¨something¨ is gonna happen.

Patiently awaiting valid signal from WTI.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trade safe.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
AudCad buy trade running with some green pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Hi alanh59, I have quoted my recent post where I outlined the sequence I usually follow. That is how I monitor the many charts I have open - one by one at the time of H4 candle closes. It doesn't take long as, in most cases, a quick glance is usually enough to reject most of them. Time is spent on the few that seem to meet the requirements outlined in the sequence. And even then, once I have had a closer look, I reject most of those too.

Where I am (UTC+2) it means my main bit of work is at 8 am, the next candle close is at 12 noon, then 4 pm (this is in my summer - in the southern winter these times shift 1 hour earlier). I am no longer using a Dashboard trend indicator such as the OGT one I posted near the beginning of this thread. The only indicators I use are the MAs, with a quick flip up to the HTFs, mainly the daily, to see how that looks. If the trends on H4 and D1 are aligned, and the safety checks are clear, then there is likely no reason not to pull the trigger.

As I have said previously, the best indicator is your eyes and the best trading tool is the bit between your ears.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Just some feedback on this trade. It's hanging in there but came close to being stopped out. It might still go that way. But due to taking "evasive action" as referred to above, my total losses will be about 60% of what it might have been if left at full value. And if the trade somehow does recover there is enough left in it to recoup at least some of those losses. So right now I don't feel any psychological pressure about losing the trade, which for me is an important place to be.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
I'm really happy with this GBPUSD trade. I placed it earlier today (at the base of that little green pinbar candle) and it has taken off. It's already at B/E too. The daily chart isn't officially in a downtrend yet, so its the same debate as before - do I want to be in a maybe / maybe not situation. My backtesting suggests that 9 times out of 10 a setup that looks like this will reverse, or at least go the distance I need it to, so I'm OK with trading like this. Must just expect a couple more losses along the way.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Here's another trade I have had running during today. Not quite as exciting as the GBPUSD trade, but still going in the right direction. On H4 I entered at the base of the first pinbar, the green one.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #204 ---
What a way to end the year. I have just closed all my trades, including the AUDCAD one on almost exactly zero, and banked 4.55% growth on account balance for the day. My best daily return ever.

My trading has experienced a wonderful turnaround just by returning to what I always knew was the right way for me to trade. All those wasted years wandering through the wilderness searching for greener pastures. Naked MA trading (plus a good dose of luck) is clearly what works for me, as the title of this thread so boldly suggests. Thank you all for being there to hold me accountable.

I wish you all a good and restful holiday season and look forward to excellent trading for all of us next year.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Well done Alistair, as I've said before luck does play a large part in tading. Some time ago I tried an experiment just randomly entering a trade off the H1 timeframe and it turned a profit depending of how you managed each trade. There were many losses of course, but exits then became the focus, I used a trailing type of automated exit.

It returned a profit overall, but because there weren't any rules, as such, I had no faith so couldn't trade it long term. But it did prove to me that luck plays a huge role in trading, as in life I guess!

Sorry I've not posted much but ill health has restricted my screen looking time these days

Wishing you a Merry Christmas and a prosperous New Year

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Great thread and result Alistair and really goes to show what is quite a straightforward stratergy can produce such good results (it helps when you know what you are doing though). Thanks very much for sharing and explaining to us all and I will continue to trial going forward after following many other ideas on trading and as a beginner have found this to be easy to follow and implement and look forward to the future.

Have a great Christmas and a happy new year and look forward to further updates in the new year to your thread.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Nice mindset! Thank you for your sharing.

May I ask you about your current SL vision?

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Could you clarify what you mean by SL vision?

--- 帖子 #209 ---
I think I know what you are asking so let me try to answer.

I like to place my SL beyond the recent swing point, but not much more than about 100 pips. If it is more than that I will either walk away from that trade or try to find a minor pullback that will suit my purposes. But my experience tells me that in such cases the trade might be stopped out and then still go back the way I wanted it to. This is why I try to place it beyond the swing point, and also at least 5 pips beyond. If  price gets this far then it usually means that that trade has been invalidated - it wasn't going to work anyway. Here is an example of an SL that looks fairly normal for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #210 ---
I am away from home and off grid, but while I have a power supply, a signal and some spare time, I am trying to catch up with this thread.

Thank you for your kind comments. Regarding using a demo account I would encourage you to open a real account, however small, and trade small, even just 1 microlot (0.01). Trading REAL money changes everything, but you will learn far more effectively by doing this.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Hi

Yen pairs - continuation trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Happy New Year 2023 to everyone.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Well done yanah12! I have just had a look and across the board the Yen pairs have been dropping like stones. Hopefully you made some good money.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Hey thanks for posting this strategy!

I was wondering if you have tried using OBV indicator with this and if it helps you find or confirm entries/exits?

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Hi Smokey, I looked at it a long time ago and didn't take it further, but regarding indicators could you look at this post I made a while back? It's post #30.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Hi AlistairC,

EJ trade hit TP with 220pips profit.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Today's trade, WTI.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #217 ---
What do you think about EURUSD? the downward crossing on H4 seems almost ready...

--- 帖子 #218 ---
WTI closed with small profits.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Seems to me, that EURUSD is retesting now. If going well we can have a nice short trade.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
First trade of the YEAR  ! AUD/CAD long. 100 pips gain !

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Congrats neilpryde!!!

Long AudUsd trade still running.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #222 ---
I would leave EurUSD alone till after NFP on Friday.

This is my observation for now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Nice one, neilpryde. Could you perhaps talk us through how you identified this trade, how you chose your entry level and where you set your TP? Were there any concerns you might have had?

Thanks

Alistair

--- 帖子 #224 ---
I missed the obvious entry possibilities soon after the EMA crossover - there was a decent pinbar and then a two-bar pullback as marked on the H4 chart. Both would have worked. So now I'll have to wait for price to pull back to the EMAs.

The weekly shows that price has visited a key level and is now dropping away from there. The daily shows the beginnings of a possible reversal, but for now a decisive break below the 21 EMA, which will do.

I will use a sell stop order during the expected pullback so that if price does continue its bullish direction my order will hopefully not be filled.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Hi Alistair !  The daily chart got my attention, see below. There is strong up trend ! Fundamentaly the oil was weekening, which means the CAD also geting undervalued.

The 4h CHART was not perfect et all. The arrow showes my signal bar. A big pull back green candel, sign of the hunger of the bulls. Buy stop above that green candel, which was trigered. Than your rules, 100 Tp, 100 SL. Trade was managed with THV Cave manager ( 50 pipp BE). Lucklily it was a succes ! Anyway it was not a perfect trade by your rules.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
On this GBPAUD trade the daily is bearish and the H4 has pulled back nicely to the EMAs, so I am now expecting it to fall in line with the daily. I entered at the base of the pinbar, which lies right across both EMAs, which is a good sign.

Concerns: There are some support levels in that vicinity, but the main one is where my TP is. The H4 chart shows an "older" trend - it is currently beginning its 5th leg down. That alone almost made me walk away from this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Hi Alistair, watching this one now to see how it works out after following your thread and applying the stratergy to various other pairs I'm watching.

Thanks

Alan

--- 帖子 #228 ---
You're making me nervous!

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Hi Alistair,

I have every confidence in your stratergy  and it is going down now as you predicted.

Thanks

Alan

--- 帖子 #230 ---
I was in it this morning, too, and was surprised that hardly anything happened.

You have to zoom out a lot to make it clear - it may come around eventually but I quit with just a few pips +

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Going better than expected and now moved to B/E. The TP is 120 pips, so I am 50% of the way there.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
This pair did pull back and I entered during the initial down-move. It felt a bit risky, but as price action was all in favour I decided to go for it in order to secure a better price. There was no obvious (or affordable) swing high where I could place the SL, so I placed it inside the "traffic" to the left and above the 21 EMA, hoping that all of that would be sufficiently above resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Short GbpCad

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #234 ---
+100pips, trailing SL.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
The very good ADP non-farm employment result coming out of the US just over 30 minutes ago caused this trade to spike down to within 8 pips of the TP, but not enough to hit it . Price has now moved 60 pips away. What should I do? Hope the overall trend takes over or close now while I still have some money to bank? I'm not sure what is the best way to go.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Yanah12, what trailing stop method are you using?

--- 帖子 #237 ---
I take it you have precise rules for this particular incident as it will happen (again and again).

I only want to make you aware of the real chance that a W-formation could be forming (but probably you can see that anyway).

--- 帖子 #238 ---
No rules at all!

But I follow a general principle, that if the overall chart structure and price action remain in my favour, then I should trust the system, and that is currently what I am doing. I am also at break-even, which makes a big difference as the most I can lose is nothing. It also really helps that my overall trading has been giving good results, so the pressure to squeeze as much out of this trade as possible is much less intense.

But if things are looking chaotic I usually just close the trade and walk away. How do you respond to cases like this?

--- 帖子 #239 ---
I don't use trailing stops.

For better or worse I follow the rule: If in doubt, get out (immediately).

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Hi AlistairC, I don't utilize any specific method. I just simply use a fixed price trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Short GbpUsd & NzdUsd.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Managed to get this long gold trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Market is too volatile right now. Will be taking my profit & run shortly.

Trade safe. Have a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
I hope your heads have cleared after the end-of-year / new year celebrations. And if that was not enough to give you a headache, then this chart certainly will! Welcome back to the first full week of trading for the year.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #244 ---
The daily is already in a downtrend and so I tried to get in on the continuation. It looks a little bit risky on H4, but the daily gives the larger context. I also used a stop order so that if price had continued up my trade would not have been triggered.

Stopped out at break-even

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #245 ---
I'm hoping to catch the second leg of this new H4 trend. The daily shows a refresh or big pull-back and that could be the beginning of a reversal, if the new highs end up lower than the previous highs, but for now it is bullish and may it continue that way. The weekly is also bullish and looks promising.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Of course, you may be right, as so often but I am not as optimistic about this as you are:

W - bias up, that's correct but the last three candles (up) faced lots of resistance - hardly moving up at all

D - bias up, but if I can see it correctly (and you may have different candles) each of the last three candles had a lower high

H4 - bias up, but price has been in a range for the last 6 candles - why do you expect a sudden upward move after that?

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Hi Josi

Thanks for your detailed comments. At first glance it seems I should have placed my buy stop order further up, beyond the area of H4 consolidation. However, as I have said previously, this thread is about learning to use the MAs better, so let me have a think about what you have said.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
It looks like this one is on its way out. If it recovers from here I can count myself lucky. I have taken "evasive action" as described before, so my overall loss will be less and the lot size is now almost half of what it was originally.

What have my reflections taught or reminded me?

Even though there is a higher probability of success where the trade is aligned with the bias of the higher time frames, there are still certain things I need to watch out for:Choose the entry level carefully so that, where possible, a lengthy pullback leaves me behind and does not trigger the trade. Most charts show a sequence of a leg and a refresh. The legs are often of a similar length (like on my screen, literally between 5 and 7 cm from tip to toe), so it's possible to anticipate the next one. I need to stay alert to this - it caught me out today.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Don't beat yourself up over it - to my mind this could easily have gone the other way on another day (even now it is testing yesterday's low and could still turn); your analysis was valid and as there was no lower low one had to expect a test of yesterday's high.

1. What you call "legs are often of a similar length" is also called MMO (measured move objective)

2. It isn't necessarily "possible to anticipate" this, if newsflow changes, price direction may change.

3. I think - looking only at H4 - the obvious thing to see was the lower high (of the candles) and the range

All you need is sound money management, losers are part of trading.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Thanks josi.

To apply the learning about setting the entry level more carefully, this stop order is sitting neatly below the recent consolidation on H4 and that was before the current green candle, so that's one little pullback avoided. I'm especially concerned about the big "belly" caused by the rapid move down, lots of open space between the EMAs. This shape often results in a big pullback or even a reversal. I don't want to get caught in a big pullback again, so I'm wondering about moving it down a few pips more to avoid a spike. Let it be triggered by a real breakout.

The daily chart is bearish, which gives me that advantage (in fact a W-formation is in process with the second high lower than the first one, which is even better).

Comments, josi, or anyone, actually - seeing things through other people's eyes is always useful,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #251 ---
USDCAD sell

W - price is testing EMA21 right now, so technically bias is still up

D - bias d, low of the last three candles higher, no real sell signal (from my point of view)

H4 - price range has been narrowing for last 7 candles

On the plus side: price retested yesterday's high and was rejected.

Probably not very useful - but for me this means no sell (yet).

--- 帖子 #252 ---
This is interesting. You look at what specific candles or groups of candles have been doing and I realise I don't do that much, or ever. Perhaps this is something i need to be aware of?

Why does it worry you that the lows of the last three D1 candles are higher (mine aren't but the question remains valid)? Also, what concerns you about the price range of the h4 candles narrowing?

You also said that there is no sell yet. What would need to change for there to be a valid sell?

--- 帖子 #253 ---
To cut it short: if consecutive candles have countertrend lows or highs, I see that as a sign of weakening momentum

(actually you also take this into account when you use TLs to indicate retracements and the breaks of thereof).

Therefore I wait for a candle which confirms that the bias is still valid. Only then would I consider to trade in that direction.

Add to that the fact that W is still technically up, and I would be extra careful.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Finally, managed to get some trades today.

Long EurCad
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Long US30
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Long US500 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Clear explanation, thank you.

So in this example of a trade I am in (AUDJPY H4) the pullback consisted of a series of consecutive counter-trend candles, so you would have stayed out, is that correct? And based on your candle-by-candle analysis, when would you have considered it safe to enter (let's assume for now you would have considered it a valid trade)?

--- 帖子 #256 ---
I entered this trade two days ago. That feels like a long time for me! It shows how I entered just above a small consolidation zone and then price broke out. The candles in that consolidation zone were not consecutively bearish (as commented by josi yesterday). But it still happened that the trade was triggered and then pulled back a bit before breaking out. So the learning from josi is to be a bit more careful with the entry level, to avoid being triggered except by the breakout move. (if possible).

The trade is now at break-even and might soon move to the target.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #257 ---
My opinion only:

Once the candle touched the 21EMA and closed green: entry was possible (more risky)

After the candle crossed 8EMA and closed above it: safe entry

If you put a TL along the highs of the retracement candles you will see (I think) that the safe entry more or less represents the TL-break.

That doesn't answer the question what sort of entry you should have chosen: as you can see your entry is pretty late (buy stop). One could also think about a limit buy, if there is a retest level, for example (of course that means that you miss valid trades if there is no retest, on the other hands the ones you do get have a better RR and therefore a higher likelihood of reaching TP). It all depends on your trading style.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
a) consolidation doesn't mean all bearish (or bullish); it just means: price overall moves in a countertrend direction (indicated via TLs)

b) if you looked at it on a much smaller TF, you'd probably see that you had (at least) 2 consolidations both of which could have been entered (for me the question is: does the trend candle break the retracement TL or not? If it does (and all else is in line; i. e. higher TF biases) I'd regard it as a valid trade (you can always have a 2nd or 3rd leg in a retracement but you don't know that beforehand etc).

In short: I am not saying put your entry further away (because that clearly has a negative effect on RR)

Maybe (my opinion only) it is more important that TFs (W, D, H4) have the same trend bias.

[Most important: don't believe anything somebody tells you. Always look at all the pairs you trade and check the last 100 trades. Does someone else's suggestion make sense at all? Does it fit your style of trading? Does it improve your trading habits? Only your own backtesting will tell you if someone else's perspective can be valid for your personal approach.]

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Short UsdJpy today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Well done. I was watching this but missed a suitable entry and now it's too extended. If it retraces I might be able to try again later.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
I'm watching EJ. There might be a short opportunity after H4 candle closes.

Meanwhile, short GJ.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Closed US30 (+240pips) & US500 (+50pips) trades due to US news announcement today.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Hopefully WTI will give me a clear directional bias tomorrow.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Yanah12 you seem to be consistently successful with your trading, which is what we should all be aiming for. So I went back to where you posted your method. The main addition to what I have been using is that the H4 candle must close beyond the 100 EMA to validate a trade. I have done some backtesting with this and using the 100 EMA does seem to have a decent probability of success.

Do you scan your daily charts for an EMA crossover as the first step in finding a trade? And under your step 1 above you say "+ reversal candle patterns, etc". Could you expand on this please?

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Hi Yanah12, looking to learn from you and AlistairC. Have been struggling to find consistency in trading, stumbled across this forum and it resonated with me because I have been trying a MA strategy for a while now. 5m gives way too many false signals for me to be consistent so I’m trying to internalize what you guys are doing and implement.

My question is, and I think I already know the answer, for this WTI trade, are you waiting for the retest before you actually take the trade?

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There was a long trend on D1, EUR/Cad. The chart showes 4h chart, I made a buy after the beatuifull pin bar. At moment my position is in green. I have acapital protection after 40 pips (THV Cave manager). Now it is a free run. TP 100 pips.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Nice trade, neilpryde. That same pinbar stopped me out for a small profit, otherwise I would still be in there with you. That's how it goes.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Hi AlistairC, I'll try to be provide the answers to your queries over the weekend. Let me organize my points.

Meanwhile, short EJ almost hit TP.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Yesterday made over 400pips of profits.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Have not taken WTI trade. Waiting for NY market to open.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Hallo alltogether,
I trade with MAs only without any MACDYs, RSIs and so on...
I trade mainly Setups with 8,20,100 EMAs on one Instrument only
but all TFs from M1 to D1.

Sometimes I made a Search in GOOGLE and found a Site with FloorTradingSystem, it is very useful Page!!!!!
Later I found by YouTube 2 Channels about Trading with 8,20 MAs,
even though both mainly trade M1,5 there are more different Setups and useful Infos about FloorSystem. IMHO there are very interested Channels!!!
If anybody want to learn a bit more about this MAsTradingSystem,
Make simple a Google and an Youtube search:
1. The Floor Trader Trading System
2. anthony beardsell (about 150 Videos)
3. living from trading (about 40Videos)

Have a nice Weekend
atb
vvm

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Thank you vvm, some interesting material here.

I found a clear and well-written article about the Floor Trader Trading System here: https://www.tradingsetupsreview.com/...rading-system/

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Hei AlistarC,

it was for point 1 from my List

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Thank you for this post mate, this was the stuff I was looking for for years now... you really helped me out

--- 帖子 #274 ---
One trade withe failure (01.05). EUR/NZD. 4h Chart. Arrow shows the pin bar. Buy stop above pin bar . The trade went south, hit my stop los. The Daily chart was not indicating a strong bullish trand.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

trand !

--- 帖子 #275 ---
s. Picture

atb

vvm Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Hi AlistairC, thanks for creating this forum. I'm actually excited for the new week to start to test this on the 4H. So I've been trying to markup charts and look for potential setups for the new week. Can you or anyone else on here tell me what you think of EU?

The 4H seemed like it would have been ok to enter and the daily is trending up as well.

The stochastic is overbought though but I know you all dont trade with it, havent gotten quite accustomed as yet to naked charts.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
If you look at W1 you can see that there is going to be resistance where price is right now.

That doesn't mean that the trade won't be successful but you could see a lot of back and forth (if and) before it will break out of this area. But I may be totally wrong, of course.

One week earlier, though, we had a very good setup (see arrow).

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Managed to take EN trade soon after it's clossing & closed for 100pips.

Subsequently, tried to re-enter again but got caught in the consolidation. Decided to cut my losses (-25pips) & was very happy this decision.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Long WTI last Friday. I was interested in this trade due to higher-low made on daily tf.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Thank you vvm. Good stuff

--- 帖子 #281 ---
EU bounced off Yearly Pivot.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Yearly pivots for major currencies.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Hallo,

I try to make a small Explanation about FloorSystem

The Chart has 8,20,100 EMAs only,

no Price....

s. Chart

atb

vvm Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Hi AlistairC, this is how I scan my daily chart to look for setup (either continuation or reversal aka EMAs crossing). Previous day candle needs to close below (sell) or above (buy) 8 EMA. To sell. previous day candle must be a bearish candle & vice versa.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Once done, I'll just monitor the desired pairs.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #285 ---
you are quite right - it wasn't as clear on H4 (but there was a nice W-formation)

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Thanks vvm. I didn't know that there's such a write-up. This is exactly the way that  I've been doing my trading for almost a year.

Been achieving 70-75% success rate with this system.

D1 = for trade setup & trend direction

H4 = for entry

Awesome.... May 2023 be a successful year for everyone following this thread.

Thanks to AlistairC for starting this thread.

Cheers

yanah12

--- 帖子 #287 ---
IMHO: In a strong Trend only
8EMA is a main Filter for a small Trade in the Direction of the Main Trend after PuB to EMAs Area

with a minimum 1:1 RRR
For a weak Trend

20EMA is a Filter

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Noted, vvm. Thank you

--- 帖子 #289 ---
The last few pages in this thread are a rich and exciting resource for all of us who are keen to learn and improve our ability to trade using two crossover MAs. Thank you to all who have contributed .

All of the methods share similar features, basically variations on the same thing. I have tried to summarise them, perhaps too summarised and too simple to be very useful. You will still have to do your own reading.

Identifying a trend

Once the MAs have crossed over and a new trend seems to be forming, all of the methods have ways of confirming that trend. Some use only the trading timeframe (TTF), others also refer up to the higher time frame (HTF):

Methods that use the TTF only include:3 consecutive candles to be beyond both MAs and not touching them - this confirms a new trend is in place a candle that closes beyond the 100 MA acts as trend confirmation (and in practice I suspect this might be close to "3 consecutive candles beyond") MAs that both slope up/down reinforce the confirmation Methods that use the HTF include:HTF MAs that have crossed over in the trend direction, or (less certain) are just visually bullish/bearish, help confirm a TTF trend is in place a previous HTF candle that has closed above/below the MA and is also green/red helps to confirm the TTF trend. Identifying a pullback

Once we have a trend in place, we go to the TTF and look for pullbacks. For convenience and to keep it simple, we can consider small pullbacks, medium pullbacks and long pulbacks:Small pullbacks consist usually of just two or three candles that remain mostly in line with all the other candles in the trend: e.g. pinbar, inside bar, two-bar pullback, engulfing bar Medium pullbacks usually consist of three or more candles that form a local or short-term consolidation area (can be mostly horizontal or inclined as they progress up/down towards the MAs. If inclined, see next bullet) Long pullbacks / retracements / refreshes usually have candles with successively higher/lower highs and lows (not strictly so) and usually retrace into or beyond the MAs. Entries

Once we have a confirmed trend and a pullback we can try to find a suitable entry setup. There are many options depending on the trader's style and I can't cover them all here.Short pullbacks: Inside bar, two-bar pullbacks and engulfing bars are fairly standard - entries just beyond the formation, stops just beyond the other side of the formation are common. But you must vary this according to your preference. Medium pullbacks: If the short-term consolidation is mostly horizontal then if can you place a box around the consolidation, the entry should be just beyond box and the stop either on the other side of the box, or whatever suits you, perhaps the nearest swing point. If you get a candle formation signal (PB, IB EB or other) some will then ignore the box structure and go with that signal. Long pullbacks: In a retracement / refresh you need to be cautious about entering too soon and perhaps being trapped in a losing trade. There are three options I am aware of, all using stop orders:trail the order up/down the retracing candles but conservatively to start with - i.e. keep one closed candle distance away from the current candle. You can tighten this as the retracement progresses and price action (PA) shows that the retracement might be ending wait for a clear PA signal, e.g. an engulfing bar or one of the many other reversal signals wait for a candle to break beyond the trendline (TL) formed by the retracement.  Exits

This is a story all on its own and interestingly, it is not covered much in the material I have been scanning. Perhaps nobody has a clear idea of how to handle this very important aspect of trading.

I haven't captured everything, just the essentials of it, so if your favourite idea isn't here, apologies! All the more reason for us to do the reading and put what we learn into practice. Here's to ever-more successful trading, and please share your trading experiences.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
And that is because EXIT is so difficult and there are numerous methods.

1) S/R from earlier times.

2) ABCD, on a pull back you can se the ABC pattern and then a possible target should be the same length as the AB leg.

3) If you don't have a clue, then set a Risk/Reward. e.g. 1:2.

4) Price Action showing the trend is changing.

5) Lots of indicators shows exits - which we of cause are not using.

6) SL at latest swing.

7) Trailing SL following the structure.

etc. etc.

For me I decide a target from case to case and always a SL at latest swing.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Yearly or weekly, yanah12?

--- 帖子 #292 ---
If you haven't looked at this yet (see references above), you may want to, as it is specifically about

"MA-cross-approaches"
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #293 ---
This supply/demand zone indicator is good for identifying take profit levels.  The zones disappear once they've been taken out, but if you look at where price bounced there was likely a zone there.  You can set it for any timeframe.  0 is for the current timeframe, or you can set it at 60 or 240 (for example) to see 1hr and 4hr zones on a 15 minute chart, etc.  Obviously your trading style will affect what zone to target.  If you like shorter term trades then you can set a TP at the next zone, or if you like swing/position trades then you might want to hold on for more pips.  In that case you can wait for price to bounce off a zone, then break the zone and continue, then use the high/low of the bounce to trail your stop.  Anyway just thought I'd share that.  Have a look and see if it's something you'd like to add to your tool box.  And if not, that's fine too obviously.  Have a good day.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
I don't understand. Why do you ask me to watch a beginners video about MA?? 15 minutes waist of time.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Please treat each other respectfully. It's better just to walk away.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Ok. I walk away from the thread.

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Apologies, I wasn't clear about what I meant by walking away. I meant to walk away from potential conflict. That's what being respectful to each other means.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Yearly pivots
Attached File(s)   Yearly_Pivots.ex4

19 KB
|
107 downloads

Attached File(s)   Yearly_Pivots.mq4

14 KB
|
111 downloads

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Thanks for your reply and the indicators, too.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Based on all of this I have adopted some of the ideas and will explore others. Mainly I have placed the 100 EMA on my charts "officially" (I have been using 100 or 120 on and off for some time). When price closes on the trend side of the 100 EMA I will use this as a signal to trade, if everything else also looks good. And from my backtesting, it usually does all look good.

I also placed the daily EMAs on my H4 chart in dull colours so they don't get in the way. This is so I can keep an eye on the daily EMA status without having to go there each time. But a more useful reason to keep them is because they help show up when the EMAs are horizontal or close together, which is a good time to stay out. It is also an indication that a breakout might be coming. That's what we have currently on this chart - price is in consolidation, with an expected breakout on the way.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #301 ---
What do you guys think about EMA and SMA (Simple MA)? Which MAs do u use? Which is better?

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Eu, gu... buy

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Neither is better, just get used to one and how it behaves, how price relates to it and then stick with it.

It's the same with most of these things - is 8/21 MA better than 9/18 or 10/20 or 12/30 etc?. None of the above. Just learn how one of them behaves, make it an old and predictable friend and then it will be the one for you.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
I am working on USDCAD - I have a sell stop order hanging below price and don't want to chase price. I think it has been josi telling us that we need to look at individual candle behaviour - they are all trending higher on H4 right now, so we need to wait until we get a clear sign of a resumption.

D1 has closed below the 100 EMA and the EMAs have crossed down, so that's good. On H4 I have removed the daily EMAs - I prefer a clean chart - but I left the pink signal arrow showing where the EMA crossdown is, that much is useful and still leaves a clean chart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #305 ---
I have also been working to improve how I trade breakouts. I am doing this by marking up where consolidation zones are and then being careful about where I place my entry and stop. In this case I left the daily EMAs (in dull colours) in place to show how they help highlight where consolidation or sideways movement is taking place.

A concern here is that I am short USDCAD and long NZDCAD. It doesn't mean that this is wrong, but for CAD to be going up on one and down on the other means USD and NZD must be moving strongly enough to override. I will have to stay alert in case one of these switches over.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Hi AlistairC, I currently have NzaCad long running too.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
My 2nd long WTI trade taken today. !st trade got stopped out at BE.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #308 ---
GbpCad long looks promising.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #309 ---
GbpCad

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Had my eye on EU as well but learning from some of the other posts here made me realize that its near to a level of resistance in the market presently.

Would you guys wait to see if it breaks before thinking of entering?

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Yes, wait. Well done for being cautious on this one. The daily has a strong trend in place with just a small pullback happening now, so it might be that all we need is to wait for that pullback to resume upwards.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #312 ---
And I am in on GBPUSD. Similar result. Those arrows show where the daily EMA crossover took place.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #313 ---
I'm also in on this EURAUD trade. The market seems to have got its mojo back.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #314 ---
HiAlistairC another question, so I've been demoing the strategy to get a feel of it, they say practice makes perfect. I don't know if that applies to forex though

Based on your experiences how would you set your sl and tp if entered at this price? I know a couple of posts back you mentioned having a 100pip tp, would you also do something similar here? This is 1:1.5 ratio

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Thanks, so I know we are trading primarily without indicators, I've started just glancing at my stochastic indicator (old habits) and realized that not only was it reaching a level of support but it was also overbought on the daily. So with that in mind I was expecting a possible retracement and it just tanked at that level.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
It's a difficult one. My exit strategy is to set the SL at the nearest swing point, as long as the risk is not more than about 100 pips, but that varies by currency pair. My app sets the target at 120 pips, currently, and often that's just about right - near a recent high/low, but I will adjust it accordingly.

In this USDCAD example there isn't much to the left on the H4 chart, so you have an arbitrary target to go for. So I would look at the daily chart and there is an opportunity sitting neatly about 150 pips down. Assuming you entered on H4 on the short dotted line, the long dotted line is almost exactly 150 pips down. That's a logical target based on structure. I might reduce that slightly just to be on the safe side.

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Gotcha, that makes sense. Thats a whole lotta pips though. I used to try scalping for 5-10 pips but never had consistent success. I like this method and community more though, actually learning so much here from you all

--- 帖子 #318 ---
I challenge you to remove the Stochastic indicator! Take off those training wheels! But in any event, please remove it when you post.

Another comment - I used to place S/R levels on my charts, much as yours does now, but as I gained experience I realised that all you need is to look left at the level where you plan to place a trade. If it's clear where the trade is headed, then it's clear - place that trade. Certainly, drop a line on the chart and move it up and down a bit to help you see more clearly what you need to see, but you don't need more than that. So my other challenge is for you to remove those S/R lines and take another step towards cleaner charts.

And finally ... can you guess what's coming next?

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Challenge accepted, I'll start doing that going forward. Old habits die hard, and its been years using indicators but I'm willing to change to see success in trading

I'm going out on a limb guessing this right here in the right hand corner...

If not that then my second guess would be to move away from tradingview and primarily using mt4 to see pure price action..

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Haha, you got it! Tradingview is fine, as long as you can keep the actual chart area fairly clear.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Thanks for the strategy, I love it

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Hi.

If anyone here is using ProRealTime trading platform, there's an tool that draws box to pinpoint consolidation area. Makes life so much easier to trade breakout (in the direction of daily tf).

Below are some examples.

1) EurNzd - waiting for EMAs to cross on daily tf.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2) GbpCad

H4 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

D1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All the best.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Very valuable content, thanks for sharing. I am new to FF. I just want to ask if there is a better way to handle this trading system if I encounter an oscillating market. As you know, with oscillating market, the averages will cross repeatedly, which is troublesome.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Thank you Alistairc for this write-up. Hopefully, it helps those who wish try this EMAs crossed system. It isn't a holy grail system. Do you own due diligence before taking any trades.

All the best.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
I entered this USDCAD trade today. Daily is down - EMAs crossed and price broke below the 100 EMA. With the HTF in strong bearish mood, that's most of the job done. On H4 we had a big break down just after the daily crossover (see pink arrow showing where the daily EMA cross took place), so it wasn't possible to trade on those very long candles. There was a short, second leg down, and now we have a third leg, which might or might not stumble at nearby support.

SL is just above a recent swing high, TP is at 120 pips, which is conveniently just above the tip of the daily swing low we discussed yesterday. Wish me luck (that's the most important part of a trader's toolbox!).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Good luck!

--- 帖子 #327 ---
I saw the small consolidation area on H4 and recognised that as a small pullback and an opportunity to trade the breakout. The daily EMAs have crossed over but as the candle has not closed for the day yet, a crossover signal has not yet been painted. D1 is also above the 100 EMA.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Hi Alistair,

In my very limited knowledge and trying to learn your stratergy I notice this appears to have been trading in a range since Monday 9th from 13355 to around 13435. Just wondered if you were still confident in the market falling?

--- 帖子 #329 ---
You're right, alanh59, this is an area of consolidation, although I see it as more a sloping channel, not horizontal. Not that's there's an exact science behind where these lines get drawn. The lower channel boundary coincides with a support level from further left, so it might be wise (if the trade ever gets there) to place the TP at that confluence point. But as you can see, price has pulled back and I might have to wait a while for it to resume downward. I should probably have exercised more caution and not placed the trade in the first place. Thanks for your gentle rap over the knuckles!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #330 ---
In ranges - and a "sloping channel" is a range - moving averages often don't work (doesn't mean price can't break out of the channel, though).

If you take the old proverb: buy low, sell high seriously,

your "sloping channel" could have told you were to enter this particular trade. Just a maybe, really.

[see: Al Brooks book on trading ranges]

And the other side of the channel might have been your TP?

(What bothered me more was the fact that we haven't seen a new LL(-close) since 09-01-23.)

All the best

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Adjusted target of 100 pips met on this GBPCAD trade. That one went like clockwork, unlike the USDCAD one that can't get below local support.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
No need to amend this system is absolute beauty and always keep in mind losses are part of the game

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Long Gold

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Letting my GbpCad run

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Green pips to everyone..

--- 帖子 #335 ---
The major currencies are extremely overbought & oversold. Hope reversals gonna happen soon.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
An oscillating market will often lead to losses with this system. There are three suggestions I can make:

1. Go down to a lower time frame, then each leg of the oscillation is a big trend

2. Move your stoploss to breakeven early, so you will be stopped out quite often, but it will be soon, so no losses, and sometimes you will get lucky with a good trade.

3. Avoid trading in those market conditions, which is not always easy to identify until after those conditions have happened. That is why I use multiple MAs on my chart because they show more obviously when they are all converging. But I don't like the clutter, so I have set up a separate template for that.

I hope this helps, and can anyone else add to this?

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Hi Alister !

I am also in this trade. USD/CAD short. The news tricked us, it is runnning north, so I am in red ! I will cut my loss at 60 pips !

--- 帖子 #338 ---
I stayed in it and did nothing until it was too late because I was convinced by looking at the bigger picture that it was on its way down, and it still looks that way. That's how it goes.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
I placed this trade earlier today and it took its time to get going, but now it's looking promising. Once again I tried to trail my entry down the retracement without chasing price and being triggered too soon.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #340 ---
In this case I got too close to the candles with my entry and was triggered too soon. I should have placed it out in open space below that consolidation area. There should be a breakout, but now I'm hoping for it instead of sitting back and waiting for it.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Closed this manually with a small profit after bad economic news saw it tanking.

--- 帖子 #342 ---
All the best

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Long trade, NZD/CAD 4 H. Arrow shows a big bull bar. After close of the candel, I put a buy limit order to 50 % pullback of the green candel. It was trigerd.

I am in green. The trade was also supported by the D Chart long trand.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Progression of my live trade. It is a free run (BE)! I will let it open for the week-end ! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #345 ---
I've just re-read my safety checklist (see post #8). It's still so applicable and uncomplicated, yet in the heat of battle I tend to forget it. Here's to a week of safe trading.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Sorry Alistair, honest mistake on my part. Glad to see the great gains, keep it up.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
H4 is sitting on local support and should it break below that it might be a good opportunity. However, the daily doesn't look bearish enough, even though there is a big lower high. That pole and pennant formation could even mean a break upward once it breaks out of the pennant / wedge.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #348 ---
No worries. I hope this thread proves useful to you. And lucrative!

--- 帖子 #349 ---
I think you are right - quite a lot going on - maybe too much to consider a trade

(except - D1 - buying will be an option for some)

--- 帖子 #350 ---
This USDCHF trade was stopped out when price burst up last week (about 5 or 6 candles back). I entered higher up and it is in profit at the moment. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #351 ---
US500 long trade today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #352 ---
TP hit.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Gu ...buy

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Nice buy, porfirio. The trend is up on H4 and D1. I marked the H4 chart with where your entry would have been. I like that you bought close to the EMAs, which means a correction back to the EMAs is less likely. The only problem I can see is that there is a D1 resistance level about 60 pips above the entry. This might be a good place to take profit. Next time could you also post a chart? Thanks.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #355 ---
My second attempt at going short here has also not been all that successful. At least it wasn't stopped out. I followed my usual "evasive action" procedure when I saw that price was going the wrong way. At about 50% of the way up I closed 25% of the lot size for this trade, then later 25% of the remaining amount. So now I have enough left to regain some of those losses but with reduced risk. All of this time the overall structure was bearish so I stayed in and trusted the system.

Unfortunately that initial push down created a higher low and confirmed the bullish trendline, so I moved my TP up just inside the TL to catch as much of that profit as possible. But I might just close manually anyway and get out while I can. I will end up with just a small loss if price gets to the new target.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #356 ---
GbpAud short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #357 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5-0f63334bd572

--- 帖子 #358 ---
I'm sorry, Alister, I don't know how to publish graphics with the tablet. I entered h1 and made a profitable entry with my strategy that is similar to yours

saludos.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Not much available in the last few days.

I placed this EURAUD trade late yesterday when I saw the bearish pinbar rejecting the EMAs. It's now at B/E.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Hope it will work out.

One question: given the resistance EURAUD faces why wasn't AUDUSD the better choice?

--- 帖子 #361 ---
AUDUSD is up against a key resistance level and it seems a bit extended / overbought. EURAUD does have some local support to get through, but that is more than 50 pips down, and 50 is where I move to B/E, which has now happened. So if it gets stopped out at B/E, so be it, if it survives, it could do well. There is a longer-term support level further down but my target is above that. That is a risk to banking the full amount. This pair has a decent positive swap on a short, so I get to keep the small change regardless .
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Moment of truth! Will it break through this local support or not? The target is 25 pips away.

It's a serious question. What would you do? Research by a big forex agency shows that while retail traders like us have a decent win/loss ratio, they close their trades early and end up losing overall.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Agree with you, Alistair. Opportunity is scarce this week.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
People - again and again - are spreading the "apparently" obvious rumour that retail traders overall lose (numbers vary from 75-90 per cent):

Up to this day I have not seen one single serious research paper (with more than 1000 participants) that makes such a claim. I believe it is a retail traders' myth that has been spread by marketing people (to keep selling tutoring+products).

The win/loss ratio is, of course, irrelevant to decide whether you are profitable or not: replace it by RR+win-loss-ratio+money management (and you're on your way).

As to your trade: to calculate your RR (already knowing your win-loss-rate from testing) you need to have a TP. If you have a TP, you know what to do (because you know how many of your trades will - statistically speaking - hit your target and how many will fail - and both is part of your trading system, i. e. part of trading).

P.S.: and you did it - news this time may have helped

I think we are at the center of opportunity right now:

--- 帖子 #365 ---
I'm looking to buy WTI. Hope can get the trigger.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #366 ---
US500 long trade. I was a bit late with the entry.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Target reached!

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Nice one AlistairC

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Gu... buy

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Good call, price is certainly bullish, but perhaps we should wait until price has broken above resistance.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Dear Alistair. It was a nice catch. I missed it because I was really busy at work. This week is not a great success for me. The market is driven by the news (US datas). I started the week with two losses, so I am sitting on my hands for a few days. I hope to come back with "green pips", winner examples. Dear Alistair, thank you for your efforts, the ideas, the contributions.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Alistair ...

green candles in W and Mn are very powerful ....

and the operation takes place above the pivot point candle previus W

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Inspiring comment. Look forward to seeing your new trades, so that we could learn from them.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
It's almost end of the month. It's safer to wait for price to break above previous month's high.

We might see a double-top formation. Just my opinion.

Trade safe

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Watching this GJ setup.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Short GbpNzd. D1 chart looks choppy. H4 gave us a pinbar (green arrow).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Which way are you expecting it to go, yanah12?

I went and had a look at my GBP profile - 7 GBP pairs at a glance - and most are bearish or possibly topping. It will be interesting to see what this pair does next week.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #378 ---
I'm expecting it to go south. USD is extremely overbought. Let's see how things go.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #379 ---
As a weekend preparation activity I thought I would mark up every H4 chart with which way the daily chart is going, as in the example. I will then ignore those that are unclear, sideways or obviously blocked by S/R or an extreme level until they show signs of a trend forming.

I've got these 10 going somewhere (as per the daily) and 18 I'm not sure about:

EURAUD down

EURUSD up

AUDJPY up

CADJPY down

CADCHF down

CHFJPY down

GBPAUD down

USDJPY/CAD/CHF all down

Of these, some are possibly at the end of a trend or are close to S/R, but I've included them anyway. Any comments?

--- 帖子 #380 ---
AlistairC,

i like your thread more and more

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #381 ---
So kind . Here's a thank you gift. Two very useful utilities (for MT4).

They are both scripts, i.e. they don't live on any chart and work just once for each time you activate them. One will change the timeframe across all your charts to match the TF that is on the chart that is open in front of you. Saves a lot of time and effort. The other loads the template you select onto all charts - you need to look at your list of templates and count down to the one you want to load onto all your charts. Remember that number and enter it into the script.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Thanks Alistair

I test them

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #383 ---
He Alistair

I am reading now the complett Thread from beginning

I am on Page 5

It is about Ur Post 87 with a SellTrade NZDJPY

I think sometimes the Channels give a bit more propper Info

about the TrendDirection and we can make a better Decision

Ur Chart without Channel

What do U say about?

atb

vvm

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My D1 has a Channel and H4 too

s. Charts

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #384 ---
for Post379

Alistar

IMHO

s. Charts

atb

vvm
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #385 ---
About Post 141

IMHO
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

s. Chart

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #386 ---
For Post 143

IMHO

s. Chart

atb

vvm

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #387 ---
I don't quite know how helpful this can be (especially including pairs in a range). Did you find any trades using this list?

Wouldn't it be more helpful to look for these two things on higher TF:

a) directional bias: price is in a clear (!) trend

b) price is in a retracement at the moment

For me this means that I should actually be looking/waiting for an entry on my trading TF (the moment the retracement is over).

Anything that may lead directly to a trade is helpful. Anything that doesn't can be disregarded.

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Quite right.

My post over the weekend was suggesting no more than that certain D1 charts were pointing either up or down. It wasn't attempting to identify setups. It means that I can ignore the other charts for a while, the sideways ones, and focus on those that are at least going somewhere.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello, I am long on  GBP/JPY ( 4 hours). I entered the trade at 11am (CET) at the close of the 4h candlestick. Close above 8 EMA. Long trade on D1 chart.

At the moment it is GREEN (20 pips). Soon I will move the stop to breakeven as it is Monday and there could be huge movements at the opening of the US stock market.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
The trade was BE. It was wise to protect that trade because at this point there is a pullback in the major trend. The market is waiting for direction as there is no clear trend and a lot of big news this week.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Yes, very wise, indeed.

"pullback in the major trend"?

Hmmh...

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Well done for not losing on this one. Trading seems difficult at the moment. As happens from time to time it seems every trade I place goes the wrong way immediately after. As if the entire global market is sitting there watching me, joking about how to trick me this time around

--- 帖子 #393 ---
It certainly seems as if something is going on that is tripping me up (if not anyone else). Any ideas what it might be apart from what neilpryde suggested?

--- 帖子 #394 ---
I placed this trade yesterday, and as usual these days, it went backwards by almost 50 pips before turning bullish. Next is to see what happens at that upper trend line.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Simple answer - as always - most instruments are not clearly trending on higher TFs right now (but either retracing or ranging - especially in ranges: your trend-trading signals very often coincide with a turnaround in ranges).

What do you do? You wait (or change to a lower TF).

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Is it a retest or will it break out upwards - you decide...

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Thank you for highlighting this.

Neilpryde's analysis (pullback from the major trend) is not dissimilar. And as you say the MA crossover method is fundamentally a trend-trading system and does not do well in ranging, or sideways conditions and our task with this method is to wait until a clear trend emerges.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
I have tried to capture some of this is a diagram. If I have missed something it would be good if others could add to this using their own chart.

What we are looking for is to enter close to the MA crossover (but waiting for a suitable candle setup) and wait for a clear separation between the EMAs themselves and between the EMAs and price. The ideal (in a bullish case) is for price to 'dance' just above the MA envelope without pulling too far above and without sinking into the envelope.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #399 ---
I have tried to show some conditions we do want for our MA crossover method (except the "explosion" feature shown on the left).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #400 ---
This to me sounds like an almost magical belief in a crossover.

What does an MA do? It gives you the average price development over a certain period.

If price breaks and closes above this average, chances are somewhat higher that the general evaluation of a fair price has altered for the time being, i. e. buying is an option.

For your "explosive" example that means: MA100 was retested and price closes above it; so the bias is up and it is a valid buy trade. That principle can be apllied to all MAs; no crossover needed.

Just my opinion, of course.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
There's no magic involved, just a different way of looking at the same thing. Some people are visual, others more technical, probably along a continuum. Each to his own, neither is wrong, please allow space for that.

What I am trying to do in a visual kind of way is become more familiar with what the MAs look like when good trading is to be had and what they look like when things are not going well.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Currently I hv EurCad & GbpCad long running. Trades opened today. Hoping for green pips.

Market environment is unfavorable.

Possibly after NFP, we are able to some good setups.

Eurcad
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GbpCad
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trade safe. Green pips to all.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A saw the pin bar in the morning (first arrow). I placed a buy limit which was triggered (second arrow). Euro/Cad 4h.

It is green at the moment.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
SIlver - I'll wait for retracement

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Nice trades! That pinbar on EURCAD marked on my chart would have been the ideal entry but it opened at my midnight. After that I couldn't find any suitable entry that I felt comfortable with. Be aware of the key resistance level on the weekly chart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #406 ---
What will happen next?

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cad/Jpy D1, H4, It was a short entry befornoon (CET). A sell stop just below the big round number 97.00.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Don't know! But no trade now.

If it goes up (and it's in a strong uptrend right now) I want to see it break above the key resistance level about 70 pips away before going long. If it goes down I want to see the daily also shifting to down (at least the EMAs crossing down and perhaps a lower low or lower high as well) before I feel comfortable selling.

Just looking at the technicals, I think there's a greater chance of a bullish breakout above resistance than a reversal.

My two cents!

--- 帖子 #409 ---
I would have said "Great trade" but the last two hours have seen a sudden move up, probably the economic news coming out of north America. I think this one is on its way out. And I really though it was going to continue down.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
This has made it difficult to trade recently. Fortunately, I closed the trade with a small profit before the news. I finished the day with up to 40 pips profit on Euro/Cad (I had a 40 pips capital protection managed by EA) and break even on Cad/Jpy. More news to come in the next few days!

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Both trades closed at BE. Difficult market conditions to trade in these 2 weeks.

Tonight FOMC & Friday NFP. Preserve your capital for next week.

Trade safe & green pips to all.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Using small lot for this long EurNzd trade. H4 chart looks choppy.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #413 ---
I'm thinking of selling GBPAUD. Price is now below that key support level, D1 and W1 both down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Look what just broke out! I closed the trade quoted above at that upper trend line because I wasn't sure it was ready to break out (upwards). For want of anything better because I had no idea what was going to happen, I used the triple touch concept, and the last touch at the top was the third one.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #416 ---
My GbpAud short trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Closed manually with small loss.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
This trade went into profit several times and when came back again and again. So I closed manually for a small profit.

I was expecting price to drop, and if the downward pressure had been stronger it could easily have done that, but after a time I noticed that an 'open space' had developed between the candles and the 21 EMA, as shown on the chart (josi, that's my visual self talking ) which suggests that price will retrace back to the EMAs. That was enough for me to decide to get out. And, of course, the support just below that josi warned of earlier today was in play too. This is why one of my safety checks is to enter as close to the EMAs as possible.

You can see such open spaces all over the place, and very often, a retracement follows.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #419 ---
interesting criterium, but there was a gap in EURGBP and EURNZD (moving up) and that didn't make the trades any less successful - no criticism; just saying (besides, use - for example - EMA5 and there is no gap etc).

Wrong pair at the wrong time (news-flow), more likely.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Josi, go and have a look - those little spaces very often lead to a small pullback. I clicked on this chart almost randomly and did not go searching for a piece of it that works. Just the last lot of of candles. I have marked those little open spaces, some are miniscule, while others are quite large. But the pattern keeps repeating itself, frequently and, if i may say so, pretty dependably too. So if this is the case, it's worth keeping an eye open for it, surely?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My only trade today was Eur/USD 4h long, 7 am (CET). I was really buisy, I have a full time job. Some days it is even hard to watch my charts every 4h. I closed it in profit before the big news. Better not to close, see now, huge move up!

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Sorry, Not the right image !

Good one: Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #423 ---
POST-FOMC trade

GbpNzd short. Hope to hit my TP before UK news release today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #424 ---
I know that there is big GBP news coming out soon, but I placed this earlier today anyway and will close it before the news. I am now at B/E, but hopefully it gains a few more pips in the next 45 minutes.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Short CadJpy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Me too!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Also USDJPY

After discussing those 'open spaces' with josi I was more alert to them being there so I was able to wait until the green bar pullback had closed off that space and  moved back closer to the EMAs. Then I placed a sell stop order below it, and it has worked nicely, so far.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Me  also !!!!  CAD/Jpy short ! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Good morning (CET)! After yesterday's big moves, this morning I do not see the directions !? More big news to come after lunch. Maybe I am just sitting on my hands!

--- 帖子 #430 ---
And as today is NFPs and the end of the week, sitting on our hands is not a bad strategy. Because of those two factors I decided to move my TP up to the local support level and get out early.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #431 ---
As I did last weekend, I am posting a list of currency pairs where the Daily chart (which is the higher time-frame for me) is down or up, not sideways, or bottoming/topping or something else that makes the bias uncertain. To avoid confusion, I am not saying anything about actual trade setups that might appear on H4 (the trading time-frame).

The logic behind this exercise is that the MA crossover method is a trend-following one. It does not perform well in other market conditions, as we have seen over the last two or so weeks. So, if we trade in the direction of the dominant trend, we must surely be increasing our odds of success.

These are the pairs that I think are trending on the daily - I will ignore all the others for the next few days:

GBPAUD down

GBPJPY down

NZDCHF down

NZDJPY down

AUDNZD up

EURGBP up

And that's it. Good trading all.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #433 ---
I said nothing about possible trade setups, nor about possible barriers like S/R levels. That's for the trader to worry about. I said only that a trend exists.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Quite so, neither did I.

All of your examples may turn into successful trades.

But it may be an advantage to enter them with eyes wide open...

Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Understood, thank you.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Short trade placed.

Edit: This pair is one of those I posted about yesterday where the dailies are in a trend. None of the others have shown a suitable setup yet. My TP is at 100 pips only because the App I use to place trades is set at 100. Correctly, I should inspect the chart and move it to a logical position such as a swing low, or another support level. But for now, 100 pips will do.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Could you, please, share the name of the App you use?

--- 帖子 #438 ---
https://www.earnforex.com/metatrader...ick-trade-pro/

This is an EA. You have to download a package of files, which you drop into your MQL4 folder and it does the rest.

It lives on your screen at the top left and looks like this:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I use only the first of those five options, which is the one to calculate lot size and place trades.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Thanks a bunch, AlistairC, for sharing!

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Very little available today, if you stick to D1 as the HTF and H4 as the trading TF. Most pairs seem to be in the process of reversing or pulling back, but few to none have settled into a new trend or resumed their original trend. If they have reversed, they aren't "ripe" yet as they are still facing S/R in the form of trend lines or horizontal levels.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
EURGBP H4

bought

s. Chart

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #442 ---
We're on the same page!

--- 帖子 #443 ---
It seems that this averaging line is not acting as a good support. There is an unstoppable trend in price.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
GbpAud short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #445 ---
EurCad short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Hi AlistaiC, is your NzdJpy trade still running? Imho, it was a bad timing to open the trade yesterday due to Yen weakness.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
No, stopped out (by a whisker, again ). But the idea ended up being good and it would now have been in profit.

I'd be interested to find out how you knew JPY was weak?

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Looking good so far.

The reason I didn't go for this is that the dominant trend is still bullish on the daily and weekly, with pole and pennant patterns in place on both. But price has broken down, so well done for getting it right.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Short GbpUsd

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Short GbpJpy. The previous H4 candle was a morobuzu (I hope the spelling is correct) candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Looking to short NzdUsd

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Yen pairs opened the trading week with bullish gaps yesterday. BOJ made news statement during Tokyo session.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Looks like (finally) we gonna see USD strength this week.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
I saw this morning that USDCHF has now gone bearish on the daily, so I looked for a trade on H4. There is a local support level marked on H4 so this one might not go much further. Will see what happens.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #454 ---
I don't have any GBP pairs as "usefully" bearish on D1 yet, because of the many support obstacles, including some still sitting above or on the 100 EMA, I don't want to commit to any of them yet.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Trying again.

I saw this pair start pulling back and the open space between the candles and the EMAs being closed off. Once it had got close to the EMAs again I placed a sell stop order below that mini-consolidation zone and now hopefully it will break out. The SL is above the recent swing high, but just about as far away as I am preprepared to risk.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #456 ---
I decided to close this trade because I was no longer confident that it would go down. A look at my USD profile shows this clearly. In all 7 charts on the profile, USD is looking strong, not weak.

My NZD profile, on the other hand, shows the Kiwi looking weak across the board, so I'll stick with my NZDJPY short trade.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #457 ---
USDCHF went down overnight and NZDJPY went up. Nothing I'm doing at the moment seems to be working. Frustrating.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
It happens...

Are you sure you only entered trades in a clear trend (like EURGBP - or BRN or GE40 - at the moment)?

[EURNZD may just be starting]

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Hi altogether,

I did not trade before so many Instruments simultaneously

therefore I have no Idea how to control the Charts correctly?

I describe a Situation on the Chart simple with different Abbreviations:

Eg: NS for NoSetup

and I make nothing more....

I have a question

hgow do U manage all Infos about this Instruments??

with a Tables????

Many Thanks

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Hi vvm, I can't easily understand your question. Please could you write it in your language and we can use Google translate to get it in English. I think that might work better.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Thanks for this, josi, yes, I think it must be something simple like this that I'm just not noticing. I must go and study the charts where things went wrong and see if I can work it out.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
prepare for AUDCAD BUY

--- 帖子 #463 ---
I trade 28 ForexInstruments on H1 mainly & H4, D1 very seldom

I show my clue/help Note for yesterdays H1

Do U make such Note?

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #464 ---
In this case, closer inspection shows a simple answer. While the setup on H4 was valid (sell stop just below a small consolidation area as marked on the chart), that level on the daily was after a strong move down, so a pullback was almost inevitable. So closer attention to PA on the daily would have helped.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Hi vvm, no I don't make notes like this, not in such detail. Mostly my notes are on the charts, like the ones you might have seen recently, e.g. "D1 down".

Usually I follow the same routine (or similar) that I posted earlier in this thread. I will try to find it and post it again. I go to each chart one after the other and look for a crossover, then I check if price is close to the EMAs. If not I leave it. If is is close to the EMAs I look at the daily for a trend, if there is a trend I look more closely and apply the safety checks.

That is the kind of sequence I follow, and it doesn't take long. This is because it's easy to reject those charts that don't qualify, and most of them don't qualify, so the real work is only on a few charts.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Thanks Alistair!

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #467 ---
vvm, this is what I posted about my sequence. Even now I follow most of these steps, but not necessarily in the same order.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Welcome abc-forex. This thread is only about using MA crossovers, no other indicators, so please feel welcome to post, but could you remove all indicators other than MAs?

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Here's one that I do seem to have got right. This time the daily itself has a decent setup, so instead of retracing back up to the daily EMAs, as happened with the NZDJPY trade, it was already up there and went down. But ... there is a local support level on H4 and guess what is happening

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Please understand: I don't intend any criticism at all:

This trade may very well work out, I think, and I really like your thread.

Nevertheless, if you allow me to say so, your H4-screenshot shows nicely (just look at your SL and TP) that you are trading a range (and enter somewhere around the middle of this range).

Of course, a wide range as this is tradable: so, maybe - at some stage - you want to have a look at Al Brooks' book on how to trade ranges. But, of course, it is (and will always be) entirely up to you.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Thanks, josi, I understand where you are coming from and I appreciate your comment. What perplexes me is that at times it is easy - even in this thread I have posted very good results, and they are quite genuine. And now, even though I am fairly sure I'm doing the same thing, very little is going my way. The problem is that I don't know why. There was a time some years ago when I made 78% return in about 9 or 10 months, it was so easy, and the next year all that amazing skill deserted me! I don't believe it's about what I do, but about not recognising whatever conditions there are that have changed.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Hi,

I need help to describe the strategy shown in attached picture.

I need it to verify and validate my backtesting results.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
I think so, too (probably most trend traders fall into this trap again and again as it sometimes is very difficult to see).

Trend traders need to avoid sideways markets (which means: sit on their hands 70 per cent of the time).

Sideways can also mean shifting from one sideways market down to the next (and possibly up again)

[the zones show nicely where tradable entries would have been]

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Last week was a very choppy & frustrating trading week. Last Friday trade opportunities

Short Eurcad

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Short GbpCad

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Short GbpUsd

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Short NzdUsd

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #475 ---
There was a short trade opportunity for AudCad too.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Hi yanah12

1. Do you have an indicator that you can share with us that produces these hi/lo lines?

2. I have been having a conversation by DM with josi about candle patterns and I recalled you use them as well. Could you go into a bit of detail what patterns you look out for, and how you use them?

--- 帖子 #477 ---
May I ask what is name of this indicator?

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Attached File(s)   MTF_HI_LOW.ex4

31 KB
|
144 downloads
Attached File(s)   MTF_HI_LOW.mq4

13 KB
|
126 downloads

Hi AlistairC, I don't utilize other indicators. Pinbars, engulfings * inside bars are the only candle patterns that interest me.

If there's a setup in D1, I would just monitor H4 charts & wait for trigger.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Yen pairs giving good opportunities today.

Short CadJpy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Short AudJpy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Sorry, I was a little busy just now.

Regarding the hi-lo indicator that I posted moments ago, I apply previous week and month hi-lo to H4 and D1 charts respectively.

Price will either bounced or break the levels and then I'll decide accordingly.

CadJpy D1 chart: Opening gap last Monday, price retrace to close the gap  & followed by a rejection candle on Friday. This signal a buy

opportunity.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #481 ---
I'm watching EurNzd for possible long position.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Will be interesting to see where you'll enter and whether it will work out.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
I'm away for the rest of the week. Hopefully the markets are in better shape next week!

Safe trading all.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Long EurJpy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Long EurNzd

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Closed at breakeven. Market roo choppy today

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Re-enter EurNzd long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Short AudCad

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #489 ---
wow, one brave re-entry:

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Yup. 63pips profit running now. Hope it will hit my TP today.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
TP hit

--- 帖子 #492 ---
+60pips profit running, SL at BE.

Bless my pips.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
EurNzd TP hit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Short GbpCad

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #495 ---
We have all been commenting about how difficult the markets have been in recent weeks, most of us, anyway, even yanah12, who seems otherwise to be doing consistently well. One day we hope to be as good as you, yanah12!

My time away without a signal and no laptop allowed me to think about this without distraction. What is it that made our trading difficult? My simple answer, and I'm sure this is not the only one, came from an exercise I started just before I left, which was to go onto the daily charts, zoom out and look for recent chart patterns. No surprises - most of them are in consolidation. I have now completed that exercise, results below.

This chart compilation is probably too small to see what's going on, but all 16 of these charts (and there are others) show some kind of consolidation pattern - flag, pennant, wedge, range etc and several of these are up against a key S/R level.

The MA crossover method works during trends and poorly in any other conditions. What we need is an early warning system that allows us to stop trading under those conditions before much damage has been done. I am working on that and will post my thoughts another time, but if anyone has comments on this post and tricks to catch consolidation phases quickly, please share them.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
This is exactly the reason why so many people mess their charts up with tons of indicators (so nothing new here).

They want to filter out - what they regard as - noise in order to trade the (clear) moves.

But the more you filter, the more contradicting signals you get.

a)

You won't like to hear this: the best instrument you can use are your eyes (possibly in unison with brain activity).

Scan the area to the left of price and you will (immediately) see what each possible move is up against (where possible consolidation areas are etc).

That won't tell you what will happen (because - depending on the news flow - anything can happen) but it will help you choose the best instrument to trade.

b)

You know that your approach has an edge because you backtested it and evaluated how many trades you will lose on average (statistically speaking); accept that a certain percentage of your trades will go against you and get out of those as early as possible.

c)

Sound money management will take care of the rest.

[Keep in mind that markets are mostly in ranges and that trends are the exception; if you want to trade more often (but why should you?), don't "refine" your working system, but use another system that works for different conditions (one for trending markets, one for ranging markets, one for reversals?).]

--- 帖子 #497 ---
When the emas are flat and the candles are closing above and below both emas is the simplest way to catch consolidation phase quickly.

in fact i love these consolidation phases because usually the pice explodes after such phases in one or the other direction. it is easier to catch such trends and are almost always high probablity and low risk high reward trades.

the descending triangle pattern is the best pattern to trade and i am always on a lookout for it.( CADCHF, NZD JPY, DJ30 on your charts).

wait for a breakout of this pattern, wait for a pullback, and trade the continuation pattern.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

this is what you said in the first post and the chart above is to just remind you your own words.

"This chart summarises my strategy. I wait for a new trend to form, as defined by the EMA crossover, then wait for a pullback to (or close to) the EMAs, which I have now discovered is similar to what Phillip teaches, and then enter a trade. I almost always use stop orders so that if a pullback turns into a reversal, there is less chance of that trade being taken out as price continues the 'wrong' way. "

--- 帖子 #498 ---
you very well know that i trade the guppy system. (and it means a ton of emas )

i nowadays dont even need too analise the charts nor i need candlesticks/patterns.

just a look at the chart and i enter the trade sometimes not even waiting for the candle to close.

the best and most profitable trades are on the first pullback.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

sorry Alistair. feel free to delete this post as it is not related to your trading system. and sorry josi, i do not mean to offend anyone.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
"Can you please take a screenshot that also shows the prices?"

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Can you start a thread for this pullback system?

--- 帖子 #501 ---
https://forex-station.com/viewtopic....ullback+system

--- 帖子 #502 ---
This is spot on. Although I started this conversation by saying we need to find ways to avoid getting caught up in consolidations (and that is still important), walvekarraje's post reminds us that we must also embrace consolidations, because the breakout is a high probability and high reward way of trading.

On the issue of not getting caught up in consolidations, I am still thinking about it, even though it's not new to us and is not complicated. I just want to spend time live trading and reflecting on what I want to say.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
This is part of what I am working on. This pair (GBPCAD) shows a perfect flag and pole formation on the daily, which shows that it is not trending at the moment. Within that the H4 chart shows a much smaller formation, so it, too is in consolidation. There is plenty of space within the daily formation (about 340 pips directly up from here to the upper flag boundary). The daily flag suggests a move upwards from here, so if we get a decent bullish breakout from the H4 wedge formation we could be in business. And then the usual MA crossover procedure with safety checks applies.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Similar setup with NZDJPY.

The daily has a massive range (680 pips from top to bottom) but it is in tighter consolidation in that wedge. Within that, the highlighted box shows an even tighter consolidation. So we wait for a breakout from the box and the wedge, noting the upper and lower boundaries of the range, which could even act as targets.

Once we have a decent breakout, the usual MA crossover procedures apply.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Here's my first trade based on the above concepts.

Price has confirmed a breakout below the daily range (see upper and lower S/R levels / range boundaries) and out of the H4 consolidation box. It has just painted a two-bar pullback (mini-consolidation / "pause"), which I used for my entry.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
please share the template and if any indicators of guppy system?

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Will be interesting to see whether it'll work out.

One thing that still bothers me: what happened to the old saying:

buy low, sell high?

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Please could we keep discussion of other systems off this thread? If you need to chat to walvekarraje rather DM him. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Another type of chart pattern (head and shoulders) sitting on a strong support level. Once it has broken below and very likely it will also pull back, we can follow our usual MA crossover procedures.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Forgive me for posting so much, but this does feel like another piece of the puzzle is falling into place.

It looks like CADJPY has broken above a key S/R level. H4 shows a descending trend line (and a pennant and pole formation). So my expectation would be that price will break above the trendline and then we will be free to follow our usual MA crossover procedures.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #511 ---
yes. let us keep this thread clean and discuss only this trading method.

for guppy system please refer to this link
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post14331848

--- 帖子 #512 ---
I'm using 50/100 Ema with stochastic on h4 tf only in usd major pairs

--- 帖子 #513 ---
This trade pulled back a little during yesterday, but is now giving it another go. Here's the daily chart. TP at 100 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #514 ---
The CADJPY breakout has started, possibly, hopefully. This is the H4 chart. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #515 ---
This is an interesting case. Price broke out of the large wedge formation and immediately went into that box consolidation on H4. I deliberately placed the buy stop order well out of reach and just waited. The expected breakout has taken place. Now we hope it continues, firstly to achieve B/E and then the target, which I placed 190 pips away, based on the D1 levels.

Dr Walvekar, you're a genius, consolidations are our friend!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Seems like that was a false breakout

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Right you are. I also took up the cue from you and went long. And now I am in the middle of nowhere.

Never mind, the experience gained is profit enough.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
the possibilites & risks appear to the left of price:

(it can still break out eventually)

if a breakout of a range enters another range I'd be very sceptical.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Don't give up too soon on this one, as price seems to be recovering. If the dominant trend direction is in our favour it often pays to be patient with a trade.

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Thanks a lot, AlistairC, for your advice+encouraging words. That gives me strength to hold the fort.

--- 帖子 #521 ---
But another Yen pair has held on to its gains. Hopefully the big CAD data release in 2 hours' time helps and doesn't kill this one.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #522 ---
This trade is back in profit. If we are unsure, we could close it now for a small profit, or choose to let it run. Noting josi's reminder to look left, this could be running into some traffic.

--- 帖子 #523 ---
A suggestion : shift your stoploss to the low of this H4 candle. if the breakout is strong, this low will never be taken out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Decided to close this before the news hit the wires. Good thing too. Got out with 40 pips before it lost more than half of that. It might recover, but then it might not. I made a clear decision and that's it.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Managed to close it at last at BE.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
This is a clasical breakout pullback scenerio. trading breakouts is always most difficult. trading pullback continuation pattern is easier.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the trendline and the 50% fib retracement levels are the same as 8 ema level.

watch for continuation pattern from this level (on H1) as per your criteria.

suggest long entry if candle close is above 8 ema on H1.

the obvious SL will be swing low on H1 and first target will be high of this swing on H4.

PS: this applies only if ithe retracement is between 50 and  38,2% and H1 candle close is above 8 ema.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

time to pull thetrigger.

go long above  1.4380

red dotted line is stoploss.

100 % fib is target1.4377

--- 帖子 #528 ---
And here's another yen pair also from yesterday that is getting ready to go.

The short line is where I exited manually yesterday, shortly before the CAD news release, and as soon as price closes above the 8 EMA I'll be ready for another go at it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #529 ---
The thick blue line is just about the lowest price ever on this pair. It is about 90 pips down from current price level. I'm not interested in selling now, so trading the range up might be a good idea and after that, hopefully a long break up.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #530 ---
CHFJPY has broken above a key level, unfortunately already rather high up the price curve, but there's another 370 pips available up to the upper line. I will wait for a suitable entry on H4 or H1.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Likewise USDJPY - has broken decisively out of the bearish channel and is now above the key S/R level, maybe not quite as decisively yet. Waiting for a suitable entry on H4.

--- 帖子 #532 ---
What to do? Close now? Hope it blasts through the resistance?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Seems to have recovered nicely and will soon be up against the same resistance level. Which is a pity, because a pinbar lying across both EMAs is generally a powerful signal. Perhaps it will be sufficient to get price across the resistance too.

Another point to make here is the value of placing stops at recent swing points - the pullback came nowhere near hitting the SL.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #534 ---
A trade that seems to be going my way, finally!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #535 ---
best of luck

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Thanks josi, for your comments. You have a lot of knowledge and experience. Please won't you post some of your own trade ideas so we can learn from you?

--- 帖子 #537 ---
no, I will never do that - poosting live-trades would add to my stress-level

I avoid unnecessary stress triggers.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
I know the feeling. Post your trades after the fact then. Both good and bad trades and if you don't mind, analyse what went right or wrong?

--- 帖子 #539 ---
This one pulled right back, but it's back to where it was about 8 hours ago. Decided to close early for 44 pips, given josi's intervention. I thought I'd checked everything, but there's always something to trip one up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Please, I never said it won't go where you needed it to.

Support & resistance (or for the jargonistas supply & demand, or ICT-areas etc) are everywhere - it is just wise to see them before you enter any trade.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Here's a supply/demand zone indicator with an on/off button if you want to use it.  That way you can see zones where price will likely bounce, or consolidate at before breaking during a strong trend, and with the on/off button you can keep your charts clean.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
I had two good trading days at the end of last week. It’s a relief to be making money instead of struggling not to lose it.

On reflection, one of the reasons seems to be the consolidation zones that I marked out on the charts and avoiding getting caught up in them. My trading was then either breakout trading or, if the consolidation pattern I marked out was clear and large enough, I traded inside the pattern – range trading.

Going forward, this has created a greater awareness of consolidations that I will incorporate into my trading (or my not trading). So while we are range traders, and our MA crossover method depends on trends, we must also embrace consolidations, because we know they often lead to breakouts, as walvekarraje reminded us.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Here's a trade inside a D1 consolidation pattern. On H4 I waited for the 8 and 21 and 100 EMAs to be aligned before looking for an entry. I have been wondering if I'm trying to get in too early. This is more conservative but (presumably) more reliable. The entry comes after a pullback to the EMAs and after a period of local consolidation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Hi AlistairC,

Sorry for my long absence, last week was a very busy week. Reading through the threads now & will post my trade setups soon.

Green pips.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Good to see you back here, yanah12.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Long GbpAud today due  to Weekly EMAs crossing. I used EMAs 3 & 9 for wkly & mthly charts.

D1 is still in an uptrend & H4 broke above previous wk high.

+85pips profit running.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Are the major currencies are retracing today?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Yes, retracing, but no sign of any more than that just yet.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
This GBPCHF trade going well. Now at B/E.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
I am also in this EURCHF trade, but there is resistance just above, so I'm wondering whether to take the money and run soon, or perhaps move my stop up to a logical position or even to B/E and then let the trade run. If it breaks through it will be a very nice trade.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Long GbpAud hit TP (+160pips)

--- 帖子 #552 ---
GbpCad long today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #553 ---
It might retrace further. No sign of trend continuation yet.

Today is the last day of Feb. Market might be a bit erratic. So, trade safe.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Weekly charts

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Target of 100 pips reached.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
I moved my TP to a short distance above the resistance and it was hit.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Congrats. Great job.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Interesting setup for EurCad.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #559 ---
GbpCad long trade today. D1 provided with opportunity to go long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #560 ---
I entered this trade today. There was a decent H4 pullback to the EMAs so I used that to get in with reduced distance to the SL. Note on D1 that we are inside a consolidation flag formation, so I'm hoping price will reach my target before deciding to reverse way from the upper boundary of the flag

--- 帖子 #561 ---
This one moved fast. Similar to GBPCAD, I placed a trade after an overnight pullback to the EMAs. Then it took off and in the space of about 1 hour it has moved to break-even. These are the explosive moves out of consolidation that make my day, but this hasn't been happening for a while. Of course with such a move I expect a correction, but hopefully it doesn't go all the way back to the B/E level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Trades closed with 350pips profits.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Long EurCad

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #564 ---
350 pips is excellent! You had two trades running on this pair, did I see that correctly?

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Correct. !st one closed with 240pips while 2nd trade closed for 110pips.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Now UK economic news release. I'll be looking for short opportunity again (GbpCad) later.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
This one started like a rocket but has been moving slowly this afternoon. Almost there, but with two explosive candles it would also not surprise me if it drops away.

Edit: target hit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Awesome job.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
This is a very humble request I am making of you, yanah12.

We would be much obliged if you would kindly post/share whatever trade you are initiating in the future the moment you

make it so that we could check them and follow them up ourselves. The problem with us is that it is not easy to detect good

trades with our inexperience. You seem to have a knack for it. Hope you would share good trades with us ass soon as you see them.

I guess we could horn on our knowledge that way much, much better than just looking at trades once they are finished. Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #570 ---
hi mate would like share your indicators +template ditto as you arranged aesthetically.thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #571 ---
yanah12, you're in demand! And for good reason.

I wanted to ask how you knew to go short on GBPCAD yesterday. I had gone long and it was clearly wrong, even though the trend was up (as in the two MAs crossed up and all above the 100 EMA). I would be grateful if you could explain how you knew to go short.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
I don't do Template sharing because no two people will be the same, for example, some brokers have a suffix, some indicators will be missing, just too much trouble

If you check my profile, there is the link to all the files that I have uploaded, a good place to start looking.

If there is a particular indicator, please point it out to me, I'll see what I can do.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Not many trade opportunities yesterday or today.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Hi AlistairC,

There was a typo error - the sentence should read "For GbpCad, looking for opportunity to go long again".

D1 chart said so.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Hi

I'll be watching these pairs this week.

1) GbpJpy, possibly for long opportunity

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2) XauUsd for long opportunity

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3) WTI for long opportunity (after retracement)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4) GbpCad for long trade

--- 帖子 #577 ---
EurCad long trade on Friday

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Thanks, that typo caused me nightmares

--- 帖子 #579 ---
A modest 44 pips on EURJPY

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

One trade of the morning, EUR/CAD 4h long. Green pips.

--- 帖子 #581 ---
One of today's trades. Based on the wedge formation, went short after the upper boundary had been rejected.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #582 ---
are you still using EMA 8 and 21..???

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Target reached.

Vâng, tôi và cả 100 EMA (how did Google translate do? )

Yes I am, and also 100 EMA

--- 帖子 #584 ---
This is EURGBP H4, so it's almost the opposite of the previous GBPUSD trade. I pulled the TP down to the top of the previous high, not far to go now.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Thanks for the USD news!

--- 帖子 #586 ---
I closed manually a few pips short of the TP. Price was hovering below that level for several hours so I lost confidence that it had the buying power to finish the job.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
More than a year ago on another thread I started pointing out that a "pinch" was a profitable setup. Here is one of my early posts about that.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post13835835

I still believe that such setups are worth looking for and waiting for as it seems they lead to high probability trades. In the example below there are multiple crossovers all happening in a tight space. 8/21 EMAs cross over, both of those cross over the 100 EMA and price crosses all three EMAs from bearish to bullish. That setup led to a very nice trend. This seems to happen repeatedly, although not frequently, so be patient and wait for them. You might notice that the chart here is H1. That's because there is less waiting to do.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Dear all,

can please someone make a horizontal line to MA cross until it is broken? thanks

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Do you mean something like this?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #590 ---
yes like this,but im afraid that many cross over happens when market is ranging.it will clutter the chart unless please u add on off button to it,thanks

--- 帖子 #591 ---
I don't know about coding, so if you want such a thing maybe try the MQL5 market https://www.mql5.com/en/market.

But before you spend money, place that line manually for a while and see if it really works as you expected, or just do it manually all the time.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Here's a beautiful example of a "pinch". A consolidation period went before it and it led to an excellent trend. A quick look at the HTF (H4 in this case) confirms that the trend is down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #593 ---
This happened while I was sleeping . A perfect pinch, crossover after a period of sideways movement and big breakout. From entry level to the highest level reached so far is 160 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #594 ---
It's been quiet around here! I was away most of last week. Good time to review my trading and what I have learned from this thread.

I placed this trade yesterday. It took a while to get clear of the clutter but now it has taken off.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #595 ---
One thing I was reminded of during my time away was to enter as close to the EMAs as possible. In this case I placed a buy stop order very soon after the EMAs crossed up. Let's see how it goes. The trend is obviously up.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #596 ---
With this trade I managed the same entry close to the EMAs but not after the crossover - this one was after a pullback to the EMAs and the trade is now on the third leg down.

I'm now more aware of inclined S/R levels. This trade has gone well, but should I close now, or assume the trade will break through that trend line? The stop has not yet been moved to B/E, so I'm still exposed to a loss.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
This trade is in a triangle or pennant formation and that gave me confidence on the direction, so I entered a bit before the EMA crossover. TP is 130 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Another nice trade today. The EMA crossover took place yesterday, then a pullback to the EMAs that caused a local consolidation to form. I entered this morning on that small pinbar.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Bearish trendline broken, price closed above the 100 EMA.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #600 ---
A range trade inside the ascending triangle pattern.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Target reached. I'm happy that I got there the same day.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
I saw the downward sloping local trendline (now marked on chart) that might prevent price from going up to the top, so I moved the target down. I've already had a good day, so this will be just a useful top-up.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Hello,

I have been very busy lately. Anyway, here are 3 awesome trade setups. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Thanks yanah12, these are good setups.

Do you look for Marabozu candles on D1 only? I  notice you placed your entries at the tip of the Marabozu candles.

The end of the forex trading day comes at my midnight (or 11 pm during northern daylight saving), so the daily candle close isn't much use to me. What time zone are you in?

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Several of the NZD and AUD pairs are coming to the end of a chart pattern like this. Next week could be a fruitful one for anyone who likes to trade breakouts.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Any one of these "pause points" or local consolidations marked on the chart would have worked for an entry on the breakout. Most consolidations, even these local ones, often lead to a breakout.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Hi AlistairC,

My observation is that candle patterns are more reliable when they are spotted in higher time frame (H4 & above).

I'm residing in Asia. I'm able to trade all 3 sessions but don't trade all  the sessions. Once I'm done with my analysis during Asia session, I'll wait for

H4 to give me the trigger. My trades were mostly taken during UK or US sessions. Prefer not to place pending orders, too many fake moves when London

market opens.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Marubozu pattern on 29-Mar, JP225 D1 chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After Marubozu candle, the following day, market opened with a gap. Waited for the gap to be closed. Manged to buy JP225 on 31-Mar.

Running with good profits.

Green pips to all.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Flag and pole pattern. Based on the two higher TFs I am expecting a bearish breakout.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #610 ---
WTI trade closed with nice profits today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #611 ---
GbpUsd long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Gold long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Both Gold and GBPUSD have more or less the same pattern on the charts. Interesting.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Gold & GbpUsd TP hit

--- 帖子 #614 ---
GbpCad long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NzdUsd long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #615 ---
I'm normally a bit cautious about entering trades that have been around for a while, but as the daily has resumed a strong down-move after a pullback I went for it.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Just entered at the tip of the pinbar. Normally when a pinbar lies across both EMAs like this it's a winner. Hopefully this one is too!

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Target on this AUDJPY trade reached.

--- 帖子 #618 ---
It didn't work out

--- 帖子 #619 ---
This one has been moving slowly, but steadily.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Hi Alistarir, just having started and finishing my 4 week practise on the demo account witha total return of 5,5%, I will be starting my live account in the coming days. Reading this thread I recognize the logic I have been using for my winning trades, but writing it down I do have some difficulty in defining the strategy. As I understand it: after a MA crossover you do not open a trade but you wait for a pullback candle (e.g. in UP-trend, you wait for a candle with a lower high) and then as a confirmation on the trade the pair will need to go a few pips above the high of this candle (in the example of the UP-trend) for you to open a BUY-trade (of course, taking into account your safety-check). Do I see this correct?

--- 帖子 #621 ---
As an example this graphic of USD / CAD today: 8, 21 and 100 MA are all going down, there is a bearish MA crossover on the 4H TF, there was a green candle pullback and then again red candles with the last one having a lower high again. We are approaching quite a resistance area which might not be good to trade. I would dare to go for a small trade here, do you see any good entry level here? Where would you put in in accordance with your strategy?

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Well done - 5.5% in a month is good. But remember that trading with real money is more difficult because there is more psychological pressure. So start with small amounts and get used to experiencing losses of real money.

After a crossover is a good place to look for an entry, as long as the trend is with you. Use the safety checklist I posted earlier in this thread. The important thing is to enter close to the 8 and 21 EMAs and when those two or sometimes all three EMAs are close to each other. As soon as any spaces open up it tells us that price is overbought/sold, or 'stretched' away from the EMAs and almost always you will get a pullback.

This chart (GBPUSD H4) shows a new trend and the places you could enter. Notice that the 100 EMA shows that a strong trend has formed - when the candles and the 8 and 21 EMAs keep a steady distance away from the 100 EMA it suggests that you can enter after many of the pullbacks. But this is a selected, perfect case. Mostly it is not this clear.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #623 ---
I was actually in a trade on this pair - see post #619. Then I saw that there were big news releases due on both  USD and CAD, so I closed manually for a small profit. And see how volatile the next few candles were.

I marked up this chart showing possible entries. The one I used was before the two EMAs crossed over, but there was a strong downtrend on the daily so I was confident about going in a bit soon, using a sell stop order.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Thanks Alistair, can you confirm whether my description of the strategy when to open the trade is correct?

I did not do the USD/CAD but it looks like it would have turned out profitable

--- 帖子 #625 ---
This chart shows a typical sequence of events around a reversal. Firstly, note the previous trend slowed down and went into a range, or consolidation. Be sure to mark out that range as soon as you see it forming, e.g. no higher highs is a sign of something going on.

This is easy and obvious after it has happened. Noticing and acting on it is not easy when doing it live.

#1. The 8 and 21 EMAs cross down, but that has happened a lot recently and it is still within the range on the left, so don't act on this, just notice it.

#2. Price breaks below the 100 EMA. This is a sign that the uptrend has ended. You can enter here by placing a sell stop order below the 100 EMA but it is an aggressive style and more risky. A more conservative approach is to wait until all three EMAs are aligned.

#3. The 8 EMA crosses below the 100 EMA, definitely time to get interested, but note that there is a big open space opening up between price and the EMA, so a pullback is very likely - wait for that pullback. The pullback might be a small one, in line with the other candles (e.g. an inside bar or two-bar pullback) or it might be a multi-bar pullback.

#4. The 21 EMA crosses below the 100 EMA, so all we must do is find the best entry point. So we should notice that the pullback has taken place, the EMAs are aligned, price is very close to the 8 and 21 EMAs, even inside the envelope between them, so if there is nothing else getting in the way, like a support level, then place a sell stop order below the 8 EMA. We use a stop order to avoid having the trade triggered and then going the wrong way. The better trends are when price dances down the outside of the 8 EMA (or up in an uptrend), so we wait for price to break out. I have marked a place for the sell stop order at the base of the green bar so that the price level is not near the order at that time. Don't chase price, but wait for it to move outside the EMAs.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #626 ---
One of today's trades. It's a bit further away from the actual crossover than I would like, but not too far. I placed the sell stop order below the third bar back (the green one) to make sure the order was not close to the price level at the time. This has worked in my favour because price has continued up but the trade is not yet triggered (it came very close, but not yet).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #627 ---
this approach is very similar to one of my systems that I use. I simply go forward based on the signals of the crossover. The change of direction may occur several times a day, but this is included in this strategy.

I have a rule, I don't trade during news. The big advantage of this strategy is that I don't have to predict the prices, I just go with the trend.

no unnecessary stress.

good luck for everyone.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
​

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Sounds interesting toborf71, thanks for posting. Could you show us some examples of your trades so we can see what you do?

--- 帖子 #630 ---
no rocket science. I simply go forward according to the signals of the crossover, when a signal comes, I immediately open a position. I trade several pairs at the same time. There are also losses, but I solve them with good financial management.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Interesting! Personally, using MA crossover + confirmation, this week for example I see very few buying opportunities.

So indeed, trading merely on the crossover might be worth trying.

Which timeframes would you consider adequate? Anything less than 1 hours seems very unreliable to me?

--- 帖子 #632 ---
I don't think all pairs are suitable for trading with this strategy. I think it's the best.

aud/cad, eurcad, eur/nzd, eur/usd, nzd/chf.

and you need a good MA crossover that doesn't repaint often.

H1.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
AUD/CAD is on the verge of a MA crossover on the 1H chart, so according to your system a possible BUY.

Would you go for it despite being underneath the 100 MA or would you say this chart does not offer a 'convincing' crossover?

Can you elaborate on what type of crossover would convince you?

Thanks for sharing this, very useful!

--- 帖子 #634 ---
try playing with the defaults, it can help a lot, because I see that this crossover is very late.

as for 100 MA, I don't use it.

I've been long AUD/CAD since morning.

H1.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Ok Tibor, I go for the challenge. I put my crossover sharper, indeed this would have me open the trade a lot sooner.

I had already opened this one at 0,8977 aiming at the MA-100 level, so 15 pips.

This is on my demo-account, I know the 1:1 risk is no good, it's just a test

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Thank you for this. I suppose you don't trade every crossover that appears. How do you decide which ones to take and which ones to ignore? And for interest, which MAs do you use?

--- 帖子 #637 ---
The reason I am asking Tibor how he does this is because I have a way (see below) of deciding which crossovers to trade and which to ignore, and I would be keen to hear how Tibor does it.

The chart shows the end of a downtrend on the left, then the usual period of confusion / consolidation, followed by an uptrend. On the left I would trade only the red arrows (bearish EMA crossovers) and on the right I would trade only the green arrows. I find the 100 EMA very helpful for being sure about the trend. I prefer to wait until everything (i.e. price bars and the 8 and 21 EMAs) has moved to one side of the 100 EMA or the other. The left side and right side of the chart are easy to see but the main challenge (as with all trading) is to avoid trading the mess in the middle.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #638 ---
I recommend you search among the crossovers, because there are plenty of them. from the simple to the ones with more input data.

mine has several input data, not just plain MA.

I use mine in such a way that I wait for two or three candles on the path of the signal to make sure the signal is good.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Is this just my impression, I can't seem to any decent trades this week. What do you guys do in these circumstances? Just wait and perhaps no trading for a whole week or do you consider that you are not looking hard enough, there's money in the market any time??

--- 帖子 #640 ---
The short answer is that you are right, there haven't been many suitable trades this week that suit an MA crossover, trending market strategy. You could go looking in the lower time frames - what looks like consolidation on the daily might be beautiful big trends on M15.

It does sometimes seem as if the entire forex market goes to sleep, or large parts of it. This might happen before a major economic news release or when there is a major event that could affect world trade. We call this a "risk off" market. https://www.babypips.com/forexpedia/risk-off

Other times the market might be active, just behaving in a way that does not meet the criteria of our particular trading strategy, for example, the MA crossover system we use here is very much a trend trading system, so when markets are ranging, they might still be active, but just not the way we like it. So you could drop to lower TFs as mentioned earlier, or use different strategies that suit what the charts are doing.

Further, I use a more conservative MA crossover approach where I like to include the 100 EMA in my "package" of EMAs. But that slows things down. If you use just two smaller-number EMAs (e.g. 8 and 21), then you will get many more crossovers, but with a lower probability.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
I entered this trade yesterday and almost cancelled it a few times. I'm happy I waited because, as often happens, a slow period / consolidation, is followed by a breakout. The S/L has now moved to B/E.

Also as often happens, an explosive move is followed by a correction, and I'm expecting that to happen soonish. I could close manually now for 130 pips and be happy with that, or wait until the bullish trend resumes and bank 210 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #642 ---
I have just entered this trade.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #643 ---
What positions are these?

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Forgive me, I don't understand your question

Bocsáss meg, nem értem a kérdésedet

--- 帖子 #645 ---
I don't see the name of the currency pair on the chart

--- 帖子 #646 ---
It is at the bottom. I left all the chart tabs visible. This one is NZDCAD (H4 and D1 respectively).

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Sorry, I didn't notice! I'm a little careless

--- 帖子 #648 ---
The correction happened as expected, just a bit too enthusiastically. I am hoping it will stop and reverse soon .
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Yes, really a ranging market this week ... I opened this trade on gold, it's not according to the MA crossover system, I thought it was an interesting pullback in a definite uptrend, otherwise no options for me to enter the market, I find the lower time frames a lot less reliable

--- 帖子 #650 ---
I placed an order on this pair today that looks interesting to me, let's see if the it gets triggered. It's on USD/CHF, the 100 MA is down (both on the 4h and D1 chart), we had a MA crossover down, right now there is a rebound, so I put the SELL order just underneath the green candle. I would take profit round the recent swing lows and take loss if it goes somewhat above the high of the current green candle. Not sure it will get triggered, but in my opinion it fits well the current MA crossover strategy. What do you think?

--- 帖子 #651 ---
The overall structure does suit the MA crossover method, so this trade should go your way.

There are some reasons why I have not taken this trade myself. The main one is that the downtrend on H4 is getting a bit "old" and there might be a refresh or even a reversal. Also, the ideal place to enter is as close as possible to the EMAs, but below consolidation if possible. So the better entry for you would have been at the level I have marked. But it's always clear after it has happened.

I suggest that you remove the grid on your charts to make it less cluttered and easier to see the important features.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Indeed, the trend is older, but 'when' to decide that it might turn?? I had just adapted my trigger based upon the 1h chart just underneath the second green candle, so 10 pips higher, when I read your reply. Still not triggered, we'll see ...

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Just wanted to say I 1000% agree with the indicator statement. I have definitely found paralysis by analysis, and adding on indicators doesn't actually help in most cases.

Love the spirit of this thread and focusing on just 2 ema's and that cross over setup. It's definitely something I have seen so many times, but never thought I guess because how simple it truly is, it could work consistently- so cheers for showing it can and does work.

I will be definitely practicing this and working on getting the entry down.

Thanks for all you've done!

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Trade has now been triggered, wait and see ...

--- 帖子 #655 ---
I have 4 pending orders, but they all look basically like this...I have the right idea eh'? Info line/Arrow is entry point

--- 帖子 #656 ---
This triggered, went into profit and had zero drawdown. I really enjoy trading like this: Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #657 ---
In this case you have entered against the dominant trend. So what looks like a new bearish trend on H4 is just a short pullback on the daily and now it looks as if it might be resuming its upward move after bouncing off the daily 21 EMA. Nevertheless, price is now close to a long-term resistance level, so going short might still eventually work out.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
True - really bad example to ask on.

Here is a trade I am in now - daily is bullish as well: Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Just posting this for any critique - I believe this is good to go though, posting 4h and daily chart for reference.

$USDCHF trade I am in on 5%ers challenge:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Forgive me for possibly seeming critical, my intention is sincerely to assist traders to avoid making mistakes. See the safety checklist I have quoted in the next post. I have identified this trade as a potential for next week but I'm waiting for a pullback closer to the EMAs before entering. And I might not go for it at all - it is up against resistance and I would be surprised if it goes higher any time soon. I have posted the H4 and monthly charts here - the resistance level is the same line on both.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #661 ---
This is post #8 in this thread. It is my safety checklist and it is important to follow these safety checks. One of them is not to trade into support or resistance

--- 帖子 #662 ---
I wouldn't post if I didn't want the critique.

Good to know you use the monthly as well. I'll try to be mindful of S/R areas on higher tf's.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
This trade is going okay, target seems possible

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Yes, it's useful sometimes to check on W1 and MN1 just to get an idea of the overall structure of things. And about the critique, it's useful for me too as it keeps reminding me of the mistakes I often make. I'm grateful to have this forum to keep me going straight!

--- 帖子 #665 ---
The, all of a sudden PMI news from US causes a reverse, who said trading was easy?

--- 帖子 #666 ---
It's not! All we can do is put the odds in our favour, as far as that is possible. Next time.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
And also, keep calm and do not let emotions take control. Just stick to your original thoughts and let the trade do its work. Nothing's lost untill it's lost!!

--- 帖子 #668 ---
This triggered, 4h and daily  - always open to critique - this seems good to go?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Criteria for this trade look good to me, but rather close to probably a heavy resistance, therefore limited downside potential before reversal??

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Awesome, I definitely see that Support that could show a reversal...I personally close everything Friday afternoon (I'm Pacific Time Zone), so any couple pips I can get I am happy with.

I love @AlistairC's goal of 1% a day. Do that consistently and it's permanent vacation mode.

I commonly have multiple positions open and if I closed daily, would probably be close to 1% days. Love the idea of a basket of positions good and some bad, but more good being the net profit.

Cheers all.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Ok, I definitely get the S/R rule. This trade and my $EURCHF hit a hard floor cause of Daily Support.

Will definitely make sure to be aware of S/R far more often. Thanks for the help & advice.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Yes, this reminds me of an additional question I have: aiming at a profit of 100 pips per trade would often require 2 days or more to close the trade. I am often confronted witha swap commission by the broker for overnight trades. For Walddo: this means that you cannot open new trades when the day is ending, does does not limit you in placing decent trades? For others: how do you cope with this? Do you also avois these swap commissions? Do you limit the number of days? Or do you make some kind of calculation how long it remains profitable? Using Alastair's system - focusing mainly on 4h and 1d TF - it seems hard to avoid in my opinion to hold your positions for several days. My current USD/CHF trade e.g.  was in its third day today, Monday will be 4 days, I still believe in this trade, it currently has a small profit of 4,75 euro but with a swap commission of 1,78 euro ...  it eats away part of your profit, but my TP would largely compensate this. Curious to learn your opinion on this subject.

--- 帖子 #673 ---
The overnight swap is relatively minor, so unless it's one of those expensive pairs where the swap is a bit large, just ignore it as one of the costs of doing business. I happen to have two trades open now that are earning a positive overnight swap. Nice feeling to get something for nothing.

The length of time a trade of a certain pip value takes depends on how active the market might be. I have had 100 pip trades open and close in the same day, while at other times they can drag on forever, but that likely means it is in consolidation and it can be very nice if it breaks out. I don't like holding trades for very long because the possibility of surprise news or world events increases for every day the trade is running. The market has been slow recently, so the four days you mentioned is not surprising. I get bored with such trades and will usually close them during Friday.

When you quote the amount a trade has moved, rather do it in pips as we all work with the same pips and so we know what distance of movement you are describing. If my lot size is 1.00, then EUR 4.75 is very little, but for a trade of 0.01 lot size, it is a decent profit.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
When you quote the amount a trade has moved, rather do it in pips as we all work with the same pips and so we know what distance of movement you are describing. If my lot size is 1.00, then EUR 4.75 is very little, but for a trade of 0.01 lot size, it is a decent profit.[/quote]

Sorry: this is a rather small trade of 0,08 lot entered at 0,8930 so just 6 pips in profit but targeting 60 pips

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Here's a very useful and simple video on using a 3-EMA trading system, in this case 9, 21 and 55 EMAs.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Larry Williams was a proponent of 9 and 21 EMA, and incorporated the closing price into a strategy

--- 帖子 #677 ---
GBPUSD has been in a period of consolidation within an overall uptrend. I took the bullish pinbar (3 bars back) lying across both EMAs as a signal that price might break out.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Nice entry!

--- 帖子 #679 ---
$EURUSD Entry
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #680 ---
On yesterday's GBPUSD trade the SL was moved to B/E at 50 pips and that's where it got stopped out. Nothing gained, nothing lost.

Today (USDCAD):

I was aware of the consolidation area marked in blue and placed a buy stop order just above it.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #681 ---
I have been aware that this NZDUSD pair has been looking messy on the daily and have been waiting for it to move out of that area, which it seems to be doing. I placed the trade using that big pullback on H4.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Nice trade, do you consider this fits in your MA crossover strategy? The uptrend has been going on for quite a while, I have also been watching this but I did not see the opportunity. What makes you decide to step in?

--- 帖子 #683 ---
That must be the recent USDCAD trade (I am still in it). It does fit in with the crossover strategy, but you may have noticed I now use the 100 EMA too. I am experimenting with that at the moment (which means it might change and it is not necessarily the "correct" way to trade). In post #637 I said this:

And in this trade that's what I did - waited for everything to cross above the 100 EMA. The other thing I promote often is to try to trade out of consolidations, which often gives a quick or explosive move, which is also what I did here (see chart below). I notice the SL has been moved to B/E, so now it's a free trade.

So to give a direct answer to your question about the uptrend that has been going on for a while, on H4 it meant waiting until everything had crossed above the 100 EMA and then waiting for the consolidation to break, which meant that this was just about the first opportunity to enter.

Hope this is helpful!

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Hello,

Long UsdCad yesterday.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Bought gold today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #686 ---
I'm currently watching these pairs.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Another nice setup this week. Possibly UJ short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Hi yanah , Long according to the rules? Or potential shorts next few days after MA crosses down?

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Possibly short them within the next few days or next week. Or they could be potential continuation trades.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Got you, thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
This pair is neither up nor down at the moment according to the way I am currently trading with 100 EMA included, which is more-or-less what yanah12 is saying too - either or.
On H4 I have the 8 and 21 EMAs crossed down, but nothing has gone below the 100 EMA yet, so I'm on the fence on H4. D1 has all three EMAs very close, and in the last few weeks we have had a lower high and a higher low- also on the fence. So we have to wait until price structure shows us what to do. Either or.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
This trade went into consolidation and that's what I have been enduring since last night. Consolidation - something to be avoided and something to be embraced! Hopefully it's on the way up again.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Did 1.5% yesterday thanks to your system @AlistairC - much appreciated sir.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Thank you, that's very helpful.

Question, how would you guys treat inside bars?

EJ for instance on daily inside bar yesterday, closed green.

4H shows retracement to MAs and MAs are all above 100 (4H & Daily)

--- 帖子 #695 ---
An inside bar pattern shows indecision. I like to call it a mini-consolidation. So if you treat it like any consolidation by trying not to get caught up in it but sitting waiting for a breakout in the direction of the dominant trend you won't go far wrong.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Well done! I did well yesterday too. I think it's as much to do with conditions suiting this method as anything to do with how clever we are. The problem is, though, that after a good day we feel strong and powerful and so the next day is a dangerous one. Stick to the method and be cautious.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
It seems to me this trade has been stopped out? Can you elaborate on what made you decide to start the trade and what was the mistake?

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Stop should have been below 1974 according to Yanah's screenshot, so should still be in running.

My 2c, even if trade stops out, won't call it a mistake by any means, this method has good probability, but markets are random, can't expect each and every trade to win.

Hindsight now after trade entry gold has continued to chop around, but it was a valid trade to take in my opinion of how i understand Yanah takes trades.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
I opened this trade on gold this morning, to me it looks like it is trading in a range + fundamentals are strong for rising prices (4h graphic)

--- 帖子 #700 ---
For sure man. Been trading for 5 years so I've had many of these GREAT feeling days just to take some losses - actually just happened. But I know to keep it  on the bigger picture view of what the overall result is.

I've just been fighting myself with what "system" or "method" to use and you and your system really helped me crystalize what I want to do technical analysis wise.

I've literally gone through the whole gamut of SMC/ICT, learning all of the theory...NNFX devising algos with the most obscure indicators possible because if its unknown it has an edge (or so I thought), and many indicator setups off youtube and etc.

Realizing all you need is a moving average cross and the patience for it, is kind of mind blowing how simple it is, yet effective.

So I'll stick to these 3 moving averages (using 55 for confirmation), and it all boils back to the most basic TA which I learned so many years ago...a moving average cross.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Let me share this potential trade with you, all comments welcome. I am looking at the USD/CHF, there has been a long downtrend and I believe there might be a reversal now. Below is the 4-hour chart. Watch all the bearish crossovers that we've had. Each time there was a clear path downwards. You can see it better when you put the MA somewhat sharper, in the second image. In the previous crossovers the price never recovered above the crossover, this time we already had the bullish crossover, the price has come higher than the previous bearish crossover and we currently have 2 pullback candles. As you can see I have place an order to buy just above the last pullback candle. To me this looks like a potential nice trade!

--- 帖子 #702 ---
a) you can do what you want

b) the trade may work out for you as anything can happen

c) FOMO tends to have disastrous consequences

d) for a trend reversal (from down to up) trade I would look for 2 things:

1. a higher high (which means a clear break of structure)

2. a higher low

as far as I can see we have neither on your chart (+ price is below MA)

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Moving averages was in my early days always on my charts. In the last years i can do it without it, means not they can not help!

I will put some thoughts here using moving averages.

First as here shared do not clutter the chart with countless averages. Two will for sure enough. Now look what you will trade, what is your focus? Will you trade the high timeframes H4 and above? Will you trade fast the M1? What pair you wil trade? Watch for settings that suit the pair, what has the moving averages done in the past?

Moving averages work good if they first move! Many new trader out have trouble using it wise, want pick up the cross and let not doing first the move. So the result is, they search for the golden setting over and over again or cut using it at all. Waiting is the hard point and sometimes it must be learned.

Now to a example. If we can wait for consolidation first, we can also wait for a move. If we done this part good, we have the strength to wait for correction and wait further for the entry. All these waiting, huuh ...

It was M1 and the averages i use here are the SMA 20 & 60

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #704 ---
This trade shows something that I have long noticed and walvekarraje (who occasionally visits here) has pointed out often - price often pulls back after a breakout and that's a good place to enter.

I saw that the 8 and 21 EMAs and the price bars had all crossed below the 100 EMA. That was my signal to look for an entry. But price was already stretched away from the EMAs and it was not a good place. So I waited for that pullback and entered yesterday at the base of that not-quite-pinbar. Now it's in profit and I'm happy (for now).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #705 ---
WTI trade setup. 3rd April gap closed. Hope to sell WTI, if it breaks out of the consolidation area & move to the down side.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All the best.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Took advantage of weak Yen today & bought CadJpy & AudJpy pairs.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Bless the pips.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
This seems to be happening like clockwork - cross below/above the 100 EMA, wait for consolidation (if there is consolidation) and then the breakout. I moved up the target up, given that it is Friday and that there have been 3 explosive candles - I don't want to enure any pullback at this stage.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Likewise the AUDCAD trade I posted about earlier, moved the target up to a logical position as I want to close the trade today.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Okay, trade triggered and I got stopped out ... My S/L was too tight OR my vision was wrong? I still remain with my impression that there will be a reversal, but my mistake here was probably not to wait for a more convincing signal. I usually only sell when price is under MA 100 and buy when over MA 100, so this was against my own rules. Always try to learn a lesson from your mistakes!

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Well done for taking this loss on the nose and wanting to learn from it!

I agree with josi - this is still a downtrend. And (although it is easy in hindsight), price on H4 was rejected repeatedly by the 100 EMA, emphasising that although this could have become a reversal, the more logical and dominant price action result happened.

Did you look at the daily to get a sense of the dominant trend? This is clearly still bearish. I think the thing to learn (apart from just following the rules !) is that we must behave a bit more like machines - don't allow emotions or wishful thinking to create truths that don't exist. And I'm pointing at myself as much as anywhere else here. It's amazing how we as humans see patterns all over the place and persuade ourselves that we are seeing something meaningful.

Here's the USDCHF daily chart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Hello, can you please share this indicator?

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Im waiting for the momentum in H4 candle to breakout higher high in USD/CHF when its pullback to the nearest EMA in H4  ill take entry for long .

Full h4 candle close with momentum might be the early hint for reversal .anyway ill always set 30 pips stop loss and 90 pips TP .break even 50 pips .

And ill let the market decide .

For now i just wait for the confirmation

if it still consolidate i dont take the trade .

--- 帖子 #713 ---
I certainly agree with everything you say, just this thought: where's the difference between 'wishful thinking' and 'researching', I still believe that there will be a trend reversal on this currency pair, the 4h chart to me clearly shows it is bottoming out, I will be following this closely, but YES, this trade was in fact following what ons 'thinks' will happen before the real 'signal' is there. I will now wait for the price to go above the 100 MA and maybe give it another try. Fortunately I was able to close my open trade on gold with a profit so as to compensate this one. You win some, you loose some ... Thx for all the good advice, this thread to me is really worth gold!!

--- 帖子 #714 ---
To put it simply:

the difference is that in the case of "wishful thinking" you do not have a real, physical signal on the chart,

whereas in analysis you do (and act only after this was established).

As I wrote: the secure (non-gambling) way to consider is:

a) wait for a higher high (break of structure)

b) wait for a higher low (and enter after this was established)

[buy low vs sell high]

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Josi, I understand, this was my mistake, the 'signal' should be there to confirm. I do think it is worth trying to learn to 'read' a chart just visually. I will be watching the USD/CHF chart keeping your advice in mind + my impression of the trend reversal, which I try to make visible, e.g in the chart hereunder. I notice that RSI is also above 50. Let's see if it breaks through the channel to continue down or whether it touches the bottom of the channel and goes up going above the MA 100.

At this moment I find it quite hard to spot opportunities just based on the MA crossover with retracements, if you can spot movements that seem to be forming and focus on these charts to apply the crossover system, it might be easier? For instance, looking at the USD/CAD, the current retracement 'looks' like it might go down a lot further based on the past down movements when you look at the 4h chart (second chart) zoomed out, just like the USD/CHF it might turn underneath the MA 100 (+ RSI lower than 50). As a final one: when I look at EUR/JPY I only see the price going up since the bullish crossover, it seems overbought but I have not traded it because I just don't see the signal, I am missing out on a nice trend move upwards, perhaps I look at this graph the wrong way?

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Thanks for your good questions, very helpful to all of us. And I'm looking forward to the discussion that might ensue

We don't use indicators (apart from MAs) on this thread. If you wish to use RSI at home, feel free (although I would suggest you try to wean yourself off it), but please don't include it in any posts here. Reading the charts needs a clear and simple view of price action, so you will make life easier for yourself if you remove the grid on your chart.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
The RSI is not relevant for my questions, I use it personally as an extra confirmation that the trend is up or down, it does not alter the MA crossover system. I use the grid since it makes it somewhat easier to see the price levels at the right hand side compared to the chart at the left. But I will give it a try, I deleted the grid in my charts and will try to use them without! My new way for preparing the week is also based on what you have described some time ago: I have made a selection of charts that look interesting + per chart I have written down whether I shoud look for a buy or a sell + the reasons why (as in the examples I gave). When you quickly go from one chart to another, it's handy to see what your base theory is (but of course to stay flexible if the market thinks differently). I also look forward to the further discussion.

--- 帖子 #718 ---
I need to be more careful with my ramblings! Please be aware that, while I have gained experience over the years, I'm by no means an expert and sometimes look back at stuff I have written and hope nobody follows it! But seriously, subject everything to your own common sense test and adopt it only if it fits with your instincts.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
To continue with the USDCHF possible reversal discussion, I think it's helpful to distinguish between signs and signals (my own ramblings again, might not be the official way these words are used).

Signs, the way I see it, are ways we get a sense that something is going on, a market shift might be happening, a pair might be bottoming out, perhaps to reverse, and so on. But these are far from being signals. Signals are specific and more objective and tell is that we can go ahead and enter a trade, or be ready to enter soon.

Based on this, I don't believe there are any signals that this pair is about to reverse. But I do see signs that a reversal might be brewing. I went looking for such signs; there are not many, TBH.

I have posted all of these four charts below:

The monthly shows price at an all-time low, bottoming out. This started perhaps about 13 years ago (so we shouldn't hold our breath for the breakout!). But it might mean that the odds are more in favour of a move up than a move down. Unless it moves down from here . In fact, as the three EMAs are now close to each other, it shows consolidation. Another sign is that price has been pushing up against the 100 EMA. For me this is often a sign of a trend weakening, perhaps to reverse. The only action from all of this is to be cautious about selling, but as the scale of the monthly chart is vastly different from that of H4, perhaps it is meaningless for practical daily trading purposes.

The weekly chart seems to be a bit stretched down, perhaps due for a correction, again a possible caution about going short. But it's still very much bearish.

The daily does show a failure to break below the previous low, but otherwise it's clearly bearish.

H4 is interesting. It looks like it has entered a local range, and might stay between those levels a bit longer. But if it is going with the existing momentum, then it's also still bearish until we learn otherwise.

So to conclude this long story, there are signs, weak ones, that a reversal might take place in the future, but no signals to go long whatsoever. To go long josi commented that he will wait for a higher high and a higher low. My approach is to wait until the 8 and 21 EMAs and the price bars have all crossed to the other side of the 100 EMA, and then also to apply my safety checks. In the end these two approaches probably end up being much the same thing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Signs yes, signals no, I couldn't agree more! Thanks for this great analysis. I think we agree that we have to be very careful on this pair to go short + if it crosses the 100 MA we might be in for a nice and potentially long trade. Keep this pair on your radar, people. Anyone on my remarks about USD/CAD and EUR/JPY?

--- 帖子 #721 ---
No trading for me tomorrow - May Day / Workers' Day / Labour Day bank holidays all over the place.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Labour_Day

--- 帖子 #722 ---
If I stick to "everything crosses to one side of the 100 EMA" as my main condition to start looking for suitable entries AND the trade is "in line with the dominant trend" then there is very little going on now, but potentially a lot coming up.

But I'm happy to wait because when those conditions are in place my trades are "high probability".

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Agree, slow week so far for this style but should turn out to be an interesting week post fomc.

Have further taken yanah's filter of only shorting if previous day close red and that further reduces potential plays.

Oh well, helps to keep focus to selected pairs through the day.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
"everything crosses to one side of the 100 EMA" =>Do you mean in D timeframe?

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Hi, I have been waiting for WTI down move. Finally, I got the trigger today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Bless the pips!

--- 帖子 #726 ---
No, my trading TF, which is H4. But I also need the next TF up (D1 in my case) to have the same trend direction, so it often amounts to the same thing.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Looks like GbpUsd will be bullish this month.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #728 ---
AudNzd short. Setup - yesterday's daily candle + EMAs crossing. Trigger - H4 EMAs crossing

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #729 ---
this is beautiful, am still waiting for a retrace on the 4H

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Nice trade, thanks for the heads-up.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
I'm not sure I quite understand this setup. Yesterday was a pincandle, indeed bearish crossover. Can you shortly explain your strategy why to start the trade and based on what criteria? It's not really a retracement in my opinion, so what is it then? I see only red candles on the 4h chart since yesterday, only the last 4 hours show a retracement

--- 帖子 #732 ---
yanah12 can correct me if I am wrong, but he has a (very) slightly different approach to me that he came with when I started this thread and it is very successful. He uses the 8 and 20 EMAs and monitors the daily chart for an EMA crossover. When he gets a crossover signal, he drops to H4 for a trigger. He is not very concerned about waiting for a pullback as I am. This is copied from one of his posts:

The trading rules are simple:
1) D1 - EMAs crossed for signals
2) H4 - to trigger trades
- D1 EMAs must clearly crossed one another
- EMAs 8 & 20 (H4) crossed
- candle closed below or above EMA100
Previous day candle needs to close below (sell) or above (buy) 8 EMA. To sell. previous day candle must be a bearish candle & vice versa.

I hope this helps?

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Very clear, thx Alistair. This system is an additional option to find good trades, I will definitely try it!

--- 帖子 #734 ---
TP hit.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Bought Gold & TP (high of March 2022) hit.

Green pips to Everyone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Long EurCad. It's a risk-free trade now.

Green pips to everyone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #737 ---
That almost pin bar four bars back is what I went for when I noticed it this morning.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Yes, I make my trading rules as simple as possible. Daily tf for directional bias & H4 for trigger.

The trades could either be trend continuation trades or reversal ones.

Green pips to everyone.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Went long on NzdUsd too.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #740 ---
This trade is going well. I see you placed your target at the daily high - for me that would be about 136 pips up. I went for the H4 high instead - 74 pips. My trade is now at break-even.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #741 ---
It was taken after the closed of that candle (red arrow).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Green pips to everyone

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Entered long AC. Low Probability trade but the rejection at MA looks good.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
You have bought just below resistance, so you can expect a pullback or even a reversal from that level. I see that level is at a BRN (big round number), namely 0.9100. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also, the daily chart shows a weak uptrend, very weak, if it is even up - the EMAs have just crossed up - but it's not a clear move yet. We should probably call this sideways. It is important that "the force is with you", which means you need to check that the dominant trend (on the next higher TF) is clearly in your favour.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Indeed. This trade fell in the "Hope" bucket . Ready for the next one. I agree with all your observations though.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
AlistairC is spot-on with his comments/observations. In addition, the strength of the currencies play a part too.

This is yesterday's currency strength meter from Babypips' website.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We're here to make some money from the market, therefore, utilize whatever knowledge you have with regards to trading.

Green pips to everyone

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Hi, Gold is giving us an interesting setup. I'll wait  for market to dictate its move. Prefer price to go south.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hv a nice weekend to all

--- 帖子 #747 ---
My trades for this week.

Green pips to Everyone

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Yanah12, are you not looking at 100 EMA on D TF. Just the cross of 8/20.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
I can answer your question by quoting from one of yanah12's posts, where he said "Added EMA100 on H4 chart to validate the buy/sell signals & to act as S/R."

So at first he did not use 100 EMA at all, but then added it to H4 only at a later stage.Yanah12 please add or correct as needed

--- 帖子 #750 ---
The last two days have been quiet, Monday especially, with almost no news releases on the calendar and only low impact news today. I haven't had many trades but they have been disappointing.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Am I mistaken or could this one have been a nice trade the past few days? I missed out on the pair overlooking it and now we're too close to important news from UK so I will not trade it, but I am curious to have your confirmation if this setup was ideal?

--- 帖子 #752 ---
It certainly would have been tradable, depending on what your particular trigger and 'filters' are - there's the initial H4 crossover for an aggressive entry, a small pullback (IB setup) a few bars later, price crossing the 100 EMA, or even more conservative, both EMAs and price crossing the 100 EMA. And price behaviour on D1 could also come into play. It all depends on what your preferences are.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Used one of the lines, using cross 2ma= waste the time

--- 帖子 #754 ---
This thread is about using a MA crossover system ... so if useless to you, what was / were your signals then? Please elaborate?

--- 帖子 #755 ---
I entered this trade on H4 yesterday.

I am using a fractal trailing stop (manually) on H1. I had seen this method some time ago and thought I would try it. I move it down the fractals as they form. The interesting thing, though, is that I'm using the lower TF and I am using the previous fractal, not the most recent one. This seems to give a more controlled or responsive movement of the SL.

The TP is 180 pips down, which is further than I would usually have it, and I'll trail the stop down, hoping I hit the big target but locking in profit on the way (that's the theory!)

--- 帖子 #756 ---
I might have jinxed this trade. The pullback is strong on H1 and might stop me out. But a good thing about it is if it does go back down it will likely form a fractal at its high point, allowing me to move the SL down to the previous fractal (the most recent one that is visible already).

--- 帖子 #757 ---
TP Hit on AN. Took too long to get there.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Hi Yanah, i see you are running like 6 trades. so the guys telling us to stick to 1 pair is misleading us?

What has been your experience trading a number of pairs? would you recommend one to do it?

Good job there. am inspired.

--- 帖子 #759 ---
I can't reply for yanah12, but in my opinion there is no rule for how many trades to run at the same time. It depends on how experienced you are and what you feel comfortable managing. Probably a maximum of 6 at once is about right. Some people do advise trading one pair only, e.g. EURUSD and get to know it so well that you become good at trading it. I have heard others say "If it moves I'll trade it", but that is reckless, I think, because there are thousands of instruments out there and you can't hope to master the behaviour of all of them (e.g forex, indices, shares etc have different characteristics).

If your system identifies a small number of trades you can have many charts open hoping to get at least one or two signals a day. If your system produces lots of signals, then you need to be careful and choose the better ones, always limiting yourself to how many trades you are able to manage properly, also not to overload your account. Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
First trade of the week. Both timeframes down, entry on H4 after two legs down and two refreshes.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #761 ---
If I may ask; where is the best place to place a stop loss...

Regards,

--- 帖子 #762 ---
There's no "best" place, rather choices you need to make. Personally, I like to place my SLs beyond the most recent swing point, but that makes for quite large SL distances and risk-reward ratios close to 1. Others prefer tighter stops, for example, if you have a pinbar or an inside bar or two-bar pullback setup then they might place the stop just beyond that setup - the other end of the PB or just beyond the mother bar, etc. That gives you a much better risk-reward ratio, eg 25 pips loss, 100 pips profit = RR of 4. But then you stand a greater risk of being stopped out because the SL is close.

--- 帖子 #763 ---
When this breaks it is likely to be a good one. I don't know which way it will go, but the D1 trend is up, so that's the more likely option.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Same for this one, which has been in a nice range for some time now, with the change in intrest rate policies we might see the USD getting stronger again, my expectation for this one would be a breakout to the downside

--- 帖子 #765 ---
This pair has broken down, then pulled back to the breakout level during my night and so this morning I was able to sell closer to the EMAs.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #766 ---
I placed this trade yesterday. Trend is up on both timeframes. Price was in consolidation but dropping towards the EMAs so I entered just above those more recent bars and it caught the breakout very nicely.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Target of 113 pips reached.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Hi AlistairC and all. thank you for the wonderful thread. I greatly appreciate your efforts. I'm currentrly still learning and demoing the strategy. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Eur Aud already had a fake out of the upper trendline. Perhaps now a break of the lower TL will coincide with the MA's crossing over? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Apo, I like your ADR indicator, where did you find this one? Maybe you can share the downoad?

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Welcome to this thread, apo! You seem to have it worked out already, based on this EURJPY analysis. I placed a trade on this pair a few minutes ago.

D1 is up. On H4 there was the breakout that apo would have caught, then consolidation. There is a clear bit of space now between price and the EMAs so this pullback might continue down for a while. Hopefully my buy stop order will catch the next move up.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Nice use of the wedge pattern. I agree that the breakout might be down. Just a note that trend lines can be deceptive. Here's the same chart but with the upper line drawn right on the tips of the various candles. It doesn't show a fakeout except maybe very slightly yesterday. Have you read the section of the thread where I started becoming more aware of the importance of chart patterns for detecting consolidations, and avoiding getting caught up in them? That was a very useful learning for me. And the idea that we should also embrace consolidations because they often lead to a breakout.

The bigger picture (monthly) shows that price might be reversing from the key level at 1.8600, also, we have a flag and pole formation (more easily seen on D1), which also suggests a break down from the flag / pennant.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #773 ---
EUR/USD has nice potential, I opened this trade on the 4h chart, now it looks as if it will also go underneath the 100MA, more potential ...

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Could gold be targeting the MA-100, around 1925 - 1930? It would not be straight down so maybe look for a pullback on the 4h chart?

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Gold going south. Did anyone took the short trade?

Green pips to everyone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #776 ---
GbpCad short trade.

Bless the pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #777 ---
How many pairs do you guys watch? And how correlated are they?

I like the idea of swing trading but watching a lot of pairs has me on the sidelines for now.

Thanks in advanec!

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Hi Uru-Trader

...here's the ADR indicator...enjoy Attached File(s)   average-daily-range-adr-indicator (1).ex4

10 KB
|
173 downloads

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Hi AlistaireC...thank you for the welcome. Yes I read that section about the patterns. I try to always look for a confluence of reasons to enter a trade. The pattern is one. Right now the Eur Aud ( 4 hr ) looks like this to me.Two kind of similar patterns at the same area. I can draw patterns easier using line charts. I know that they are not for everyone.  Thanks for your charts and analysis.

--- 帖子 #780 ---
I have 26 forex charts open all the time (made up of the majors and minors but no weird ones, I also avoid EURNZD and GBPNZD). Then I scan them for setups. Once you have settled on a trading system, it's usually quick to pick up suitable setups - mostly it's a matter of rejecting charts that are not suitable, then spending time looking at those that might be suitable, mostly rejecting those too, and finally identifying one or two that seem just right. I have set up some simple indicator dashboards that pick up those that meet my conditions, eg where both H4 and D1 have EMAs crossed in the same direction (yanah12's method). That does make things more obvious, but I'm not sure it's any quicker, and by scanning all of them manually I get a better feel for overall trends or market behaviour, or even possible setups I might have missed using just a dumb indicator dashboard.

Correlations are a bit of a mystery to me. I just note that sometimes the entire market seems to have slowed down (risk off) or it's active across the board. I try not to trade more than two directly related pairs at the same time e.g. NZDxxx or GBPxxx pairs.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
This one has been stuck in local consolidation for 40 hours, which has been a bit frustrating. And then the most recent bar went far down before it recovered. Playing practical jokes on us, maybe . But the basics have remained constant - both H4 and D1 are still up - so no need to panic. Hopefully it breaks out and gets moving now.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Finally!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #783 ---
I hear you Alistair about EJ playing jokes. But this was a good trade from the crossover that I refer to on this chart.

For good reasons we are all looking for support and resistance levels because we know how valuable they are to us as traders. One thing that I make note of are " master candles ". If there are at least 3 bars that are engulfed by the master candle then that is something to take notice of. I treat the master candles simply as support and resistance levels. Therefore there are bounces..fakeouts..breakouts / pullbacks / continuation...etc..etc.

You see that the highs of the 2 last 4 hr candles have bounced right off of the master candle low. ( I have at 5/02..16:00 ). Also notice that the last crossover

( I have it at 5/15 ..20:00 ) was one of six candles that were contained within the master candle. You can look at the master candle as a 'congestion' phase. Congestions usually lead to an impulse ( sometimes fakes...sometimes real ).  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #784 ---
The Eur Aud which started  as a wedge / flat top triangle morphed into sideways congestion. There were 4 crossovers within the congestion and that's a "red flag" if you're trend trading.

But again...notice the area where price found support. It was the master candle low. The daily chart is down so we are still looking for sells theoretically. Happy trades to all...Billy Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Just placed this EURJPY trade. D1 is also up.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #786 ---
This is also a yen trade, placed yesterday. This chart has an overbought, or perhaps an old-age, look to it. But it reached 65 pips up yesterday and is now at B/E.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #787 ---
As posted earlier I have been waiting for this pair to break out the range, as I thought it broke down lower, if it continues there is very high potential on the trade, wait and see ...

--- 帖子 #788 ---
This pair is also trading in a range and waiting for a breakout, most probably to the downside ... we're under the 100 MA both on 4h and 1d chart, we've seen a false breakout already to the downside, the next one might be the one but it remains risky as we are hitting the 1-week 100 MA and we would have to break through this in order to continue, but once this happens, the potential could be high. I prefer to remain cautious and wait untill we clearly close underneath the MA-100

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Hi AlistairC; Thank you for your insights. this helps.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Bank holidays in most major forex trading countries today. No trading for me.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Hey everyone!

I just wanted to drop by and say thanks for sharing this system - it's exactly what I was looking for. I've had some very active years trading Fx a while back, and am looking to re-start the journey with a much cleaner system, and this works for me.

ADHD really isn't friendly with having too many indicators on the screen, so I love the simplicity, as well as the fact that you can trade a zillion currency pairs.

I'll be around starting Monday when I return from a quick trip. Thanks again for sharing!

--- 帖子 #792 ---
A tentative re-entry into the market after the long weekend. There was a first leg down, then a pullback. I would have wanted to get in earlier but missed it.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Target reached

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Since the EMA crossover there has been one leg down, then a pullback to the EMAs. Price is now below the 100 EMA. I placed a sell stop order as high up as I could without getting caught into a continued pullback and so far it has worked out. One concern is the minor support right where the entry level is.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #795 ---
This is an interesting case. I noticed the break down out of consolidation but did not enter because of the support level (now resistance). Price broke below the support late yesterday, pulled back and consolidated there for a short time. I placed a sell stop order below the minor consolidation. The daily chart shows there is plenty of space to move down into. One thing I'm not happy about is that the latest down move is quite 'old', so as no trend lasts forever, in this case the odds of continuing down are reducing as the odds of it reversing are increasing.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Murphy's Law says that the trades you choose to post don't do well while the one you chose not to post takes off like a rocket. This shows that trading involves a lot of luck, besides any skill we might bring. Here it is.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #797 ---
This trade (GBPUSD) reached its target.

AUDJPY stopped out

EURCAD still running.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Just curious, usually how long these trades hit TP after being opened? High timeframe seems more secure in terms of direction but the time to lock in profit is significantly longer than trading in lower timeframes

--- 帖子 #799 ---
On H4, which is what I use as my trading TF, I can reach my TP on the same day if I catch a good breakout, or sometimes it can take as many as 3 days, it depends on market behaviour. But it also depends on how far away my target is. Mostly I use 100 pips, but that is adjustable depending on key levels and also overall market behaviour. Sometimes the forex market moves slowly so I might reduce my TP to 60 pips, something like that. Other times I just get bored waiting!

--- 帖子 #800 ---
100 pips is a lot of pips to pocket. If planning to achieve TP on same day, maybe doable on crosses. Will backtest this strat and see how it goes. Again, thanks for sharing your method

--- 帖子 #801 ---
We look to the higher time frame (HTF) in order to decide which way price is likely to move. Recently I have been thinking about what the qualities or conditions are that would give us the best HTF opportunities. This is what I have come up with.

1. The EMAs are nicely separated, but not 'ballooning' apart, best is if they are parallel.

2. The price bars are 'dancing' along the outside of the EMAs - not crossing into the space between them and not pulling away from them.

As always, this is easy afterwards, but less easy when doing it live.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #802 ---
I started with this MA crossover on the 4h TF but tending more and more towards the 1d TF for larger moves. Remember, 0,02 lot with 100 pips profit equals 0,01 lot with 200 pips profit, with the difference that my SL can also be double while I get stopped out less often. Both systems are okay but I don't want to spend too many hours looking at the charts, just a preference ... I am back into the USD/CHF currency pair, I waited for the price to show a clear reversal, there has been 1 attempt to get above the 100 MA, it looks like we will have a second attempt, after this the potential is high. No guarantees it will happen, of course ... in the meantime you get a nice swap rate

--- 帖子 #803 ---
I saw this opportunity but also noticed that there is a resistance level sitting somewhere between 0.9060 and 0.9100. Further back in time the same level is respected. I decided to wait and see what happens. If it works out I will try to buy on a revisit to that level.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #804 ---
On H4 this is looking like it might continue down for a while ... But I'm not ready to sell yet
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #805 ---
I bought the pair on May 17th ... I am not sure what to think of it, the swap rate make the patience worthwile but I have the feeling the momentum is reversing, my S/l is 50 pips below my buying price, I hope for the best but in trading 'hopium' is not what we are looking for, I might change my view if we go below the 100 MA on the 4h chart, quite close now

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Nice trade, and it got up by 120 pips at its best. Pity it weakened so much, but hopefully you held on because it has taken off again. It's difficult to know what to do in these circumstances. Once it has gone back close to the entry level my view is that it's gone anyway, so just set your stop at breakeven and hope for the best. And if it gets stopped out, so be it - no loss is still a win.

The last few days have been difficult. I have had a few trades that I had given up on. One was stopped out but three survived and all of a sudden they are back in profit. Miracles never cease! But it's about having faith in the system - in these cases the HTF was in my favour and my stops were placed far enough away (at the recent swing point) and those factors worked for me.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
IF it holds and the trend continues, the potential is huge, as can be seen on the weekly timeframe. I would like to find some trades for longer times, setting a T/P in cases such as this one is not simple. Right now, I just hold on without T/P fixed.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
I have often wondered about going long-term and the weekly chart certainly is tempting. Perhaps, to reduce the psychological pressure, it would be better to start with a small lot size and build it up with each pullback. The distance between the two S/R levels is 900 pips. Juicy!

I have just checked out the overnight swap on this and it's attractive. So this, like CADCHF, which I've been in for a while, is a good choice for going long for a long time.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
are you serious ? predicting a countertrend on a weekly chart ?

--- 帖子 #810 ---
dont take me wrong.

uru- trader is trading a pullback in a down trend according his own chart. and there is not a crossover of ema ....

and spudfan ...... any predictation on weekly chart is impossible ....

prove me wrong

--- 帖子 #811 ---
i am not clear about your entry and stoploss as per your chart and the rules of  the thread .... please elabroate

--- 帖子 #812 ---
sir...

are you profiting from this syetem ?

yes/ no   ?

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Things are not looking great for this trade ... Okay, as you can see in the daily chart, there was a bullish crossover. Since we were in a clear downtrend trading well under the 100 MA I waited for some kind of confirmation. I waited for a first pullback and wanted to BUY once the price showed a reversal versus the past. I took the 18th April and 2nd May highs as a reference and placed my order at 0,9025 above those previous highs of the past weeks. Originally I had a 100 pip S/L but as the price went up nicely I cut the S/L to 50 pips. My intention on this trade was to go for the long ride, thus so far I had not placed a TP. I would be tempted to change my S/L to 100 pips again now that price has reversed again, if it were not for the fact that Switzerland seems to also go in the direction of raising their intrest rate in the coming months, which would probably be bullish for the CHF. I have learned so far that panic is not a good advisor and it is better to stick with your original plan, so I currently keep my 50 pip S/L. I am willing to take this loss and will probably lose this one, but you never know. As it was meant for a longer ride, it was a very small lot size, so no problem. In that case, I will certainly watch out for a new opportunity.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Choppy week with major news next week.

Let's see if next week brings better price action!

--- 帖子 #815 ---
hello. has anyone made an EA based on this strategy? is it possible to automate its process or some times its based on trader decision?

i can do this for free if there is any interest and rules can be obvious and written down?

--- 帖子 #816 ---
It's worth a try if you are willing to do that.

My brief would be as follows:

1. Trading TF AND HTF EMAs (e.g. 8 and 21 EMA) to be aligned (both up / both down). Another option we could test is to have 3 EMAS (e.g 8/21/55 or 8/21/100) all aligned on each TF, but we can test that later?

2. Place a trade at the close of a candle that opens inside the fast EMA and then closes outside of it (i.e. in the direction of the trend)

3. TP at a set number of pips (to make it easier for you - we can change it later to another system)

4. Move to B/E at a set number of pips.

5. I'm not sure about the SL, perhaps for now make it a set number of pips.

How does that sound? I have done some backtesting and overall it does seem to be a winner. It will be interesting to see on the strategy tester how it does.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
It was not an easy week, but I ended it with one trade reaching the TP and another halfway there that I closed manually (because it was Friday!). So I'm happy overall.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
hi. seems to be stright forward and simple, which makes me confident that it will perform good as you said (i am currently using 2 super simple strategy on real account with nice results).

for SL and TP and breakeven it doesnt need to be that simple for my comfort in coding. I'm looking for challenge. i can make it a floating variable based on ATR or any custom formula or indicator you want.

in the next couple of hours as soon as im free what you asked will be done. where should i upload it? in private messages or in this public forum?

--- 帖子 #819 ---
You made this offer in a public forum, so I think it is right that you should post it here for everyone to use, test and comment on. Are you okay with that?

And yes, if you don't mind adding to the challenge, use ATR or similar for SL, TP and B/E, according to your judgement. I'm looking forward to seeing what you can come up with!

--- 帖子 #820 ---
First trade of the week.

I entered at the top of a minor consolidation, which is where breakouts often occur. It's like flyfishing - place your fly where trout often lurk, waiting for food!

But what I want to point out is the tight formation just below, where all three EMAs have come close together - I call this a "pinch". But it's really just a consolidation, and the EMAs go sideways, naturally. It seems whenever we get a pinch, then a decent trend forms afterward. And if you miss the initial breakout, there is almost always a pullback and that seems to be a good place to enter.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is another currency pair with a similar sideways consolidation and lovely trend breakout. It's a common feature - go looking and you'll see this all over the place. You can trade the initial breakout from consolidation (but doing it live means you don't always know which way it will break), or you can wait for the pullback, by which time the direction is clear.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Is this a pullback in a downtrend or has there been a reversal, to me it is not clear yet, so far - despite the small pullback in the current uptrend - this trade is still going in the right direction, I would see a price of 0,9125 as kind of confirmation?

--- 帖子 #822 ---
I can answer your question.

This pair is bullish on the daily TF but looking at the next higher TF (weekly) it is clearly a pullback in a much more dominant downtrend. So until the evidence tells us otherwise we should treat this as only a pullback.

Edit: I should also have mentioned that on the weekly there is a resistance level just above - look left to that horizontal consolidation zone. The base of that is at about 0.9100 and the recent bullish move did not manage to close above that - it was rejected.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #823 ---
its done my friend.

trades open based on 4 EMAs on 2 different TF. TP and SL are placed based on ATR and a coefficient. please test, optimize and give suggestions to make it better.

all of EMAs and ATR parameters can be modified for optimization. the EA also have a time filter to stop it from trading in a certain session. Traing Stop is also coded and ready to use with 2 simple parameter, one for triggering the TSL and the other one to set the SL distance from current price.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Hi all, I'm looking for a MA Crossover that doesn't close when I reverse ,

it must open continuously until it goes positive . with traal closing : positive-negative=positive : parts trailing stop

--- 帖子 #825 ---
That's quick work! Thank you. I use MT4 though . Is it a lot of work to convert it to MQL4?

--- 帖子 #826 ---
this expert is pretty straight forward and simple. coding it from zero to 100% is way easier than converting mt5 version. but i don't know mt4 sorry.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
hi, i have been reading the thread and made something

with mq4 source code one can modify

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Thank you, is this an indicator or EA and what does it do?

--- 帖子 #829 ---
expert it is following the rules

--- 帖子 #830 ---
I placed this trade yesterday morning and after the initial breakout it went nowhere for 24 hours. Finally it's going.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Amazing! Thank you very much, I'll give it a go.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Hi walvekarraje, yes of course I'm serious, but ...

If I were to make W1 my trading TF and use MN1 for direction, and if I got a good signal to go long, then I would go long. And that weekly chart I posted shows that it's a long way up. So yes, it has a lot of potential and handled correctly it might even work out. But as we know, nothing is guaranteed.

But that's not my trading system, and W1 is not my trading TF, so it remains hypothetical. But why not. Hmm, it could be an interesting exercise, if I live long enough to see it play out on W1

--- 帖子 #833 ---
So far so good, using a lot size of 0.01. I changed the three TFs to H1, H4 and D1, and the EMAs to 8/21/100 so that it matches what I use. The bottom two trades are at about 30 pips in profit. If this was manual trading I would have stopped at 2 JPY pairs, and some of the JPY pairs are overbought - at extremes on the chart - so I would have avoided these too. This reminds us that we can't just let EAs run without supervision - we need to manage them, or limit what they are programmed to do (e.g. don't go long on this pair).

I have long wanted to find a trailing stop that uses fractals, not moving up the most recent fractal, but the one before that. And using it on the timeframe below my trading TF. Is this something you could build into this EA?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #834 ---
These four trades are going really well. All are nicely in profit and one has reached breakeven (at 50 pips). Total profit across the four trades is around $10 (on 0.01 lot sizes).

Make that two at B/E and total profit $15.70 at this time. I'm amazed, hopefully this isn't just a lucky coincidence on a good day.

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Hi,  These are my current week trades. Trades were taken in the direction of daily trend & after a retracement (D1 chart).

I utilize H4 chart to trigger the trades. However, I have added stochastic indicator to H4 chart to time my entry.

AlistairC, Is it okay to post my H4 chart with stochastic indicator on it?

Happy trading.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #836 ---
yanah12 I'd prefer it if you didn't, and hope you don't mind.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Having no experience with this: to what file should we copy this and how can we start trades using this? Maybe a link to a website explaining this is also good

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Hi Uru-trader, if you haven't used an EA before, I suggest you look around on the internet and learn about using an EA, the benefits and drawbacks (beware of the drawbacks!). There are plenty of videos showing how to install one. A trick - once you have placed the EA in the experts folder you do not need to close down your MT4 platform and reboot it. Simply go to Navigator in MT4, right-click on Experts and choose refresh. The EA should then appear in that section.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Thanks Alistair, I managed to install this and I am testing it on EUR/JPY pair with 0,01 lot, today the EA went long on the pair, wondering if the 'magic' will happen ...

--- 帖子 #840 ---
I wonder how you changed these parameters, especially the 'trigger' one? You open the currency pair on the 4h TF and then let it run?

--- 帖子 #841 ---
It makes no difference which TF you open it on - click the down arrow in the inputs window and select what you want. The timeframe options control which three TFs you want the EMAs to be active on, i.e. all aligned UP or DOWN. The EMA option is where you selected which EMAs you want to be working with on your three TFs, eg 8/21/100.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Alistair, sorry but not clear to me: I see 4 parameters with TF, you say you changed 3, so I suppose 30m becomes 1h, 1h becomes 4h and 4h becomes 1d, you leave the 'trigger TF' at 5 minutes? And the trigger EMA at 8?

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #844 ---
The first item in each section is a trigger. If you read my requirements the trigger is described there. So the Trigger EMA might be the 8 EMA (that's what I was asking for, but it's an option) and the Trigger TF is where that crossover will take place. The default is 5M. So in that case a 5-minute candle must open one side of the 8 EMA and close the other side of the 8 EMA. So if all three EMAs are aligned on all three of your TFs, then as soon as the trigger process happens, it will place a trade.

So far it is working well for me, but on small lots. I might increase to 0.02 in the next few days and more later, hoping it continues working well. The danger is that just as one gains confidence in an EA, conditions change and it makes a mess.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 2.ex4

57 KB
|
121 downloads

added:

-one trade a day option in menu

-buy trades, sell trades or both in true = default

-trail with last fractal, time frame selectable in menu

-trail to activate with button on screen, default in off

-changing timeframe or restart meta puts it again in off

-trial period 180 days, no mq4 source this time, costs a lot of time making

--- 帖子 #846 ---
That looks good!

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Nice work.

Some requests:

If I set "buy trade" or "sell trade" to false, could you put a note on-screen as a reminder?

It would be good to be able to set the trailing stop default to true using an input setting, with the on-screen button being a manual override.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Moving average crossover or even simple moving average strategy is all you need.

I have a simple SMA strategy and it has been very profitable.  In fact I even made a bot out of it and it basically trades on auto.

Don't over think it.

You are already on the right path.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Attachment 4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not yet override have to think that one.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 3.ex4

57 KB
|
160 downloads

--- 帖子 #851 ---
I woke up to find this in my account history folder this morning.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Thank you!

--- 帖子 #853 ---
if you can upload the setfile you used for the expert would be great as it wont be the default one

--- 帖子 #854 ---
FF tells me that type of file is not supported for adding as an attachment. Is there a way around that? In the meantime, I have attached a screenshot.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Please TF?

--- 帖子 #856 ---
I posted about the OGT dashboard a while back. It is easy to set it to match eur-thijs's EA. Using the settings that suit us, this is what it looks like on-screen:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This shows that the three EMAs it has been set to follow (8/21/100 EMA) are all aligned on three TFs (H1, H4 and D1). Now you can trade manually the exact system that the EA is following. All you must go looking for is the trigger candle on those pairs that are displayed. So if you set that as the 5-minute candle, life will be rather busy!

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Everything you need to know is in the screenshot (those settings are what I used yesterday, you are free to play with it to make it suit you). Which TF you place it on makes no difference. It is controlled by the EA.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
This morning's EA trades so far.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Please setting your OMG Dash.. Thank

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Open pair (green) on TF M5 and run EA EMAS Trader 3.ex4 ONLY BUY?

--- 帖子 #861 ---
It's better to work it out yourself. Go to the FF thread that I included in my quote and read there, then play with the different settings in the OGT dashboard to know it well.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Bizar, I downloaded the file and use it, but I do not have the same options, did you change the basic file somewhere? The part on the is print screen I do NOT have ...

--- 帖子 #863 ---
this one version 3 is the picture from

then you can change the set

--- 帖子 #864 ---
I'm slowly working out some of the behaviour of eurusd-thijs's EA.

When I started using it it seemed that the M5 candle produced too many trades (but maybe not, I haven't used it enough to be sure) and so I tried M30, H1 and even H4 as the trigger candle. Remember that the trigger candle is the one that must open on the 'wrong' side of the fast EMA, and close on the trend side of it.

I originally wanted H4 because that is my trading TF and I know that when a bar starts one side of the EMAs and closes outside of them (on the trend side), it is often a good place to enter. But H4 is not a good idea because H4 candles can be too long, as in this example. The EA followed the rules perfectly, but the candle is very long (98 pips) and price is far away from the mean, so of course there is going to be a pullback. But using H4 does reduce the number of trades. So somewhere between M5 and H4 is probably right, the sweet spot. For now I'm thinking it is M30.

Another option is to set a limit to how long the trigger candle can be, eg 0.5 of ATR. In this example, ATR is about 55 pips, so 0.5 of that would mean any candle that is more than about 27 pips would be ignored as a trigger. Then we could use any TF for the trigger candle, which might be an improvement for the EA.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

here a buy is triggered because the candle opened below and closed above the ema line and the buy was openend above the close of the trigger candle. But one could wait till the candle after the trigger candle is bullish and opens and closes above the ema line and then enter when bid price

is above the close of that second candle.

--- 帖子 #866 ---
eurusd-thijs, I'm not sure if the trailing stop is working. Here are some images to show what I have. I pulled the SL a long way down so that it becomes very clear if the TS is working or not. For the last 4 or 5 hours it has not moved.

I would also like the TS to start working immediately and not to wait for the trade to go into profit. or a fractal to be on the profit side of the open. Would it be possible to create an option for that?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #867 ---
This one is very likely going to be a loser. My mistake, I should have set the EA to Sell only
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Attachment 4

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

with Pips to Open price set to 100 for the trail with fractals, original = default=0

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 4.ex4

62 KB
|
111 downloads

corrected display buttons

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Thank you for these changes!

Just so I am clear about the TS.

1. With pips set to zero it will not move faster but will follow the fractals as before, is that correct?

2. With the Fractal trailing default set to true it will wait until price is in profit and (if I understand it correctly) at least one fractal has appeared in the profit zone?

3. With the Fractal trailing set to false it will start moving the SL immediately according to the appearance of new fractals. Is that correct?

4. And a question I should have asked before, the TS does not trail the most recently formed fractal, but the one behind that. Is that correct?

Grateful thanks!

--- 帖子 #871 ---
it is all as before with zero but when put a high number it will move the fractal stop to last fractal although maybe not in profit

it uses always the last dn or up fractal

if you dont want use the fractal button on screen then "Use Fractal trailing default" should be in true.

I myself have it in false and activate the trailing then with the button on the right upper side of the screen.

Hope this modification does not cause the expert to ask at the broker to move stoploss above bidprice in case of buy.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 5.ex4

66 KB
|
138 downloads

with option to use the fractal before the last one

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

default as it was

the green and gray buttons are just info windows to show what was set in menu

only the first button (red in picture) is clickable and will work if trailing is in false in the menu

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Good morning, testing different configurations.

All positions just openend.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Really don't want to interfere but instead of open (on one side) and close (on the "other", the right side), you may think about

high (on one side) and close (on the sell side) -

low (on one side) and close (on the buy side) -

it will give you more and sometimes better entries (which hopefully are all working out for you).

Just a suggestion...

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Today time 16 gmt

close 42 usd

lot 0,01

Thank you!! (On demo)

--- 帖子 #877 ---
EA results yesterday and today so far, some trades closed manually.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #878 ---
do you close at 9 GMT on Friday?

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Yes, mostly, but it depends on the specific trades.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
It took a while but this trade that was going to be a loser and the USDJPY trade that had a very long trigger candle and also looked in trouble are both back to B/E or very close. The power (not that lines on a chart have any power at all, but you get what I mean ...) the power of the three EMAs aligned on 3 TFs seems almost irresistible. I'm amazed at how well this is working. I'm thinking we should try to name it, might go down in trading history as the one that broke the bank . How about 3x3 for a name? Not grand enough, even though that's basically what it is.

But that warning again - just as we get excited and start going big, it stops working and trashes our account.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 6.ex4

69 KB
|
181 downloads

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Changes in version 6:

1. On screen in the fractal window the pips you did put in menu.

2. Profit on the left now tells you if it is from buy or sell position.

3. When one trade a day is selected in menu it now writes and reads the info to and from a file,

so when one changes timeframe or restarts metatrader it still knows it already has done a trade today.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
This really is "magic" ... so far 2 trades have closed with a profit and 2 are in profit, this seems too good to be true? Has anyone tried this on anything else than a currency pair, i.e gold?

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #885 ---
hi can u give me the ea settings ? pls

--- 帖子 #886 ---
see post #854

--- 帖子 #887 ---
hi, what is your maximum downdraw? thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
In the last two days I have had trades go into loss, but so far they have all come back to at least B/E or better, so I have not had any losses, and 9 have reached their target. I have deleted some manually eg at the end of Friday, or some where I should not have allowed  the EA to trade long/short in those cases or into support/resistance.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
The past week showed a really trending market which is positive for the MA crossover system, if the market goes into more ranging territory next week the results might be less spectacular? I had 5 trades, all successful, last 2 closed manually before the weekend.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
What time do you usually trade? Asian session, European session or American session? thank you so much

--- 帖子 #891 ---
with the EA I just use the times set down near the bottom of the inputs, although next week I will change the start hour from 7 to 8.

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Start GMT time what?

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Useful reminder that we can't just let this EA or any EA loose and hope it keeps on churning out money. We need to set the trade short/long only input thoughtfully, and switch it off on some charts if chaos starts breaking out.

Having said that, using 3 EMAs like 8/21/100 means that a trend needs to be fairly well established for all three to be aligned, and then to have all three aligned across three timeframes probably means the only time all three agree is when we gave a strongly trending market. At least I'm hoping that's the case, but I think it will be.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
If I'm not mistaken those times in the EA start from the open of trading each day, whenever that time is for you. During Northern daylight saving it is 21:00 GMT.

eurusd-thijs please correct me if I'm wrong.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
the begin hour is broker time and in my case broker time is gmt+3

broker is 1 hour ahead of my time so expert starts at 600 am in the morning Paris/Frankfurt/Madrid

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Tomorrow i will test a helper expert for the ema trader expert that when reaching a money target has to close all and deactivate the

autotrading button.

The emas trader 6 in that case has to have the same magicnumber in all pairs and that is no problem as it checks not only magicnumber but also the pair before doing something.

Presumes you have no other experts running as deactivate autotrading is applied to all.

When time window ends of the ema trader 6 (=default 1900 hr and 1 minutes) and Target is reached you then have to take off and put again put the helper expert in the graph (i use eurusd as this pair has a lot of ticks) to start all over again for the next day and activate Autotrading again.

--- 帖子 #897 ---
eurusd-thijs, thank you for all the wonderful work you are doing on the EA. I have a request please.

The input setting to trade long + short, or long only or short only is not displayed in the information box at all times. That is a valuable piece of information for me to be able to see. But right now, over the weekend it is not displayed at all. I want to scan all the charts to review which ones are set for long+short etc, but I can't do a quick scan. I have to go into the inputs dialog to do that. So please could I ask that you make that display permanent? Could you also rather use the text "Trade long and short" or "Trade long only" or "Trade short only".

I don't find the "Fractals up / Fractals down" information useful at all so I would be happy for that to be removed to save space. But if others find it useful it can stay.

Also, the two information buttons don't belong with the "buttons" group on the right side. They belong more in the information box. So perhaps you could move them there?

Grateful thanks!

--- 帖子 #898 ---
When broker sends ticks it now will display if it is for buy, sell or both although trade window is not open.

To be independent of broker ticks i could use timer function in the code but with a lot of experts one for each pair

the processor could not cope with that. Backtest is not possible anymore alsoo.

I backtested 2021 and 2022 eurusd with my set and yours and none of them is good.

I think the early morning trends could give me the 12 usd with 0.01 lot in 8-10 pairs before usa session could give reversal.

Then the helper expert shuts down autotrading and ready for the day.

If helper expert has no bugs i will upload tomorrow.

Some info in the button windows on the right side indeed could be moved to the left.

Same expert name with small modifications.

Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 6.ex4

70 KB
|
148 downloads

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Good day is there a metatrader 5 version to use also can this ea send notifications to you cell phone if the laptop is off this would help my trading

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Anyone have a expert adviser with the crossover of 2 ma's whice sends alerts to your phone and email

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

up and running

goodmorning

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader Helper.ex4

24 KB
|
144 downloads

done for the day

ps the drawdown was about 2 usd, does not show correct here as i reloaded expert after having made some space

on screen between Profit and DrawDown and Max Profit.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps the trades were opened when i turned on my pc so time window to trade was a bit later

--- 帖子 #904 ---
please what your Broker Time?

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Hi. please tell me what I'm doing wrong?

--- 帖子 #906 ---
eurusd-thijs

I have found a problem with the fractal TS. It's not a bug, just it's not operating as I expected it would.

When it is set to "the fractal before" I assumed it would also mean the one lower (on a buy trade), as in the attached chart. The green and red lines on my chart show my entry level and where the fractal TS stopped me out. Could you fix this? Thank you.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Must be something with the parameters of your EA, with that many trades could it be that you are trading on the 5 minute TF?

--- 帖子 #908 ---
so you want the before fractal but also below open price in case of buy

then i wont act as trailing securing profit

and stopped with profit you were

before fractal should be lower than last fractal could work maybe in case of buy ?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

although that would be a big stop loss now

--- 帖子 #909 ---
new version will count down 60 seconds before trading when expert started or you openend metatrader with autotrading active.

but have more than one position each pair could not be possible.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Could you please share your screenshot of the settings. I will be very grateful to you.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Alistair gave them in post 854:

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 7.ex4

72 KB
|
150 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

new layout

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Very nice, thank you!

--- 帖子 #914 ---
gmt+3

--- 帖子 #915 ---
this is the one Alistair is looking for i think

using the before fractal it checks if it is lower than the latest fractal Dn in case of fractal down

and checks if the fractal before is higher than the latest fractal Up in case of fractal up

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 8.ex4

73 KB
|
129 downloads

--- 帖子 #916 ---
i will upload a version 9 as sometimes there is none

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Yes, I think it is. Is this a new change in version 8? Thank you, I will look at it tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
solved when not exist in mode before use last one

Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 9.ex4

75 KB
|
181 downloads

bug fixed

those who already have downloaded version 9 have to download this newer version 9

--- 帖子 #920 ---
see you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Good morning, no trades yet with version 9 with my set which is the default one. Anybody has ?

--- 帖子 #922 ---
run ea on all pars?

on the TF M5?

both ways - buy+sell?

default settings?

thank

Im select pair H1+H4+D

run 2xtrade..

my broker gmt+3

--- 帖子 #923 ---
thanks, dont remember were that indicator was posted.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post14462674

Post 856

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #926 ---
run ea on all pars?

on the TF M5?

both ways - buy+sell?

default settings?

thank

--- 帖子 #927 ---
This is what I have. If you set "AllTFTrending" to True then it shows only those where all three are aligned (i.e. 3x3).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Attached File(s)   OGT Trend Dashboard v1.1.zip

57 KB
|
205 downloads

found it with setfile in zip

--- 帖子 #929 ---
open EA if M30+H1+H4+D the same?

--- 帖子 #930 ---
in version 1.2
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...0#post14225720

If you set "AllTFTrending" to True then it shows only those where all three are aligned (i.e. 3x3).

--- 帖子 #931 ---
I've got the latest version - v1.2

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...oard-indicator

--- 帖子 #932 ---
I am enjoying using the latest version of the EA, the information box is clear and useful and the Fractal button on the right works well. The whole thing is now user friendly. Pity the markets aren't cooperating today!

I have an idea that the many 3x3 setups we have had over the last 4 or 5 days is unusual because getting all three EMAs aligned across all three TFs is already quite an achievement, if I can put it like that, so we shouldn't expect to see a lot of them all at the same time. On top of that I have set most of my yen pairs to sell only because they are so strongly overbought. And the few trades I have open now are not going anywhere. Just sitting around.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Today loss

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Both yen pairs that were aligned earlier today have gone out of alignment. That's why I set them to sell only - it was clear they were stretched and would likely correct. Others that were suitable yesterday have also gone out of alignment.

It seems the markets do this - for a few days most pairs are working well and all of a sudden the whole lot go off the boil. No surprise, because it's Big Money that moves the markets and if something is troubling them it will trouble most of them and so we get "risk off" sentiment. So if we catch the move to risk off at the wrong time, most of the trades we place that morning might end up going wrong. But our 3x3 system also then will quickly stop working as the lowest TF stops being aligned.

So while we need to manage the EA and stop it from trading overbought/sold pairs, or pairs at an extreme level, or pairs that are sitting at S/R key levels, or pairs that are in old trends that must inevitably come to an end sooner rather than later, we can't get that right all the time.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EDIT: And a few hours later there is just one pair (of 28) that meets the 3x3 criteria. Something is happening in the forex market, either a pullback all round or the beginnings of a reversal in many of the pairs, if I have understood things correctly.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Invented something

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

although it has a long with version 9 with this version 10 it is not allowed to go long in this case

as price is in the range of the high of the last 30 days and high last 30 days minus adr (3days).

Comments are welcome, whatever.

Maybe filter with 50% of the adr (3days) pips ? (now 100%)

--- 帖子 #936 ---
I have installed version 9 and changed the trading hours to 23 hours a day, but I get this on my screen, 'no trading' -> normally it should be trading, I don't understand this

--- 帖子 #937 ---
startup time is 60 seconds

--- 帖子 #938 ---
I've been monitoring this thread for a long while now. I reminded me of how I used to trade as well. 8-21ema with trendline breaks and retests, SR breaks and retest, fibs and drilling down to a lower timeframe. I've done with scalping (15m-1m) and with swing trading.

I've decided to revisit this style on a bigger timeframe like D1 and H4 and drill down to a smaller TF (H1 to 15m) to catch a tighter entry. If anyone remembers the old Hector Deville course on Trend Trading, then you should be familiar.

Let me draw up some charts and post them tomorrow. 8-21ema and some simple drawings (SR, Imbalances, Fibs).

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Thanks for offering to share your trend trading approach with us; I'm looking forward to seeing what new insights we can gain. Please try to stick as close as you can to naked EMAs, no indicators besides the EMAs, as the purpose of this thread is to become better at trading just EMAs. Hope you don't mind!

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Yeah no other indicators. 8-21 ema on D1/H4 for trend. SR, trend lines, fibs, imbalances. Then drilling down a timeframe or 2 to catch the breakout or the retest. Nothing fancy.

The only other indicators I have are informational (News, Spread, ATR, Sessions), drawing (Drawing Toolbox, Rectangle positioner) and alerts (Trendline and rectangle alerts).

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Take note: I haven't backtested this thoroughly so I don't have stats for this. I'm just hoping to join in the ride here. I will utilise a very old but basic entry method from a guy called Hector Deville from his 3SMA course. I will incorporate some ICT techniques as an alternative method of technical analysis. However, I will try to keep it simple.

Trading PlanWatchlistScan forex pairs, metals, commodities, energy CFDs over weekend Choose those which look good and build a watchlist for the coming week Use push alerts to get notified of potential opportunities and also to step away from charts  TimeframesW1/D1 for overall trend and macrostructure H4 for mini/inner trend and microstructure H4/H1/M15/M5 for entry  Trend Condition8-21 EMAs crossover Sloping and parallel EMAs  Entry ModelHorizontal/Trendline Breakout (Hector Deville Method)Breakout-Pullback-Continuation (BPC) Breakout-Pullback-Retest (BPR)  Micro Market Structure Shift (MSS)Fair Value Gap (FVG) entry   ConfluenceFibonacci Levels Fibonacci Extensions (Targets) Support Resistance Imbalances / FVG  Important Levels (Possible Trend Reversal)Monthly High/Lows Weekly High Lows Significant S/R  Stop-LossBehind candle Behind FVG Behind Swing  Take-Profit138.2% extension 161.8% extension Monthly High/Lows Weekly High/Lows Trailing SL behind EMAs (current or lower TF)  CorrelationDo not open positions on correlated charts  Ok, I think i've detailed my trading plan out enough. I will post screenshots and images of the entry methods in further posts.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Good Morning,

i found a youtube of Hector Deville teaching about the 3 moving averages which are 30, 50 and 100 sma for all timeframes.

Have a look at the video to see how he works with the mas.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Here's an example of some entry methods.

D1 Trend identified Attached Image (click to enlarge)

H4 Entry Opportunities Attached Image (click to enlarge)

M15 Entry Opportunities Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #944 ---
I like the way he explains this - very simple, 6 clear conditions for entering a trade or avoiding a trade. He talks longer than he needs to and repeats himself, but clearly he is enthusiastic about it!

So far he has shown historical charts but hasn't demonstrated it live - very different - so I'm keen to find the next couple of videos in his course to see how he does it.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
His full 3SMA course used to be on YouTube. There's an old thread about it on forexfactory too. It's actually a pretty old course but it's simple, clean and logical.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ding-all-pairs

And there's a condensed PDF.
https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/526921

--- 帖子 #946 ---
This is the current state of play on the 3x3 system. And as all of the Yen pairs are either overbought or are up against resistance, I have set them all to Sell only on the EA. So NZDCAD is the only one in play.

I have had two proper 1R losses today, with one more on the way, very likely. So I am happy to announce that the EA is normal and not some kind of magic that we will use to take over the world!! This does mean we need to be more careful about which pairs we allow to be traded before we let the EA loose on them.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #947 ---
On another wavelength completely, this pair is going sideways and the EMAs are close together. A breakout can be expected. Based on PA on the HTFs, I would expect it to go down, but there are two ways we could do this:

1. Place a stop order at the top and the bottom of the consolidation area (with plenty of safety space to the nearest candle), then delete one when the other is triggered. And then you can still get it wrong.

2. The other, higher probability, option is to wait for the breakout, then the usual pullback and trade out of that.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Ahh. I feel like I'm back to being a fresh forex newbie that just got done reading babypips. Hector's 3sma system was the first "proper" system I learnt combining EMAs and Price Action. End of the day, we're still trading the same things. Breakouts and Pullbacks lol.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Hi all,

I have taken this EUR/AUD trade for the day.

It's more along with the D1 trend and after an explosive day yesterday, I waited for the price to come closer to the EMAs before triggering a trade expecting a new "leg". Looks good so far.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Well done Vladbold, that's a good trade. What you have done is waited for price to break out of the consolidation, then waited for the pullback and then entered on the continuation. Perfect! One improvement on perfect  might have been, once you knew the trade was on, to drop down to a lower TF and get a better entry there, but that's splitting hairs.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Thanks a lot for the nice words!

I've been trading Fx on an off for roughly 10 years now and whenever I drop to lower TFs (or trade lower TFs for that matter), my mental practice goes down the drain. The main reason why I love the method you're teaching here is that it's clean, easy to understand and honestly, wide enough so that entry points don't matter as much as other methods.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
My post #8 was this safety checklist. It is still totally applicable, even to managing the EA. I pasted it here for convenience.

============================
Safety checklist

In my strategy there are no strict rules – you have to understand what is happening on the chart and use the trading tool between your ears. But there are some basics, which I call safety checks. These are things every trader should use for every trade. Basic common sense. I think that if you applied these safety checks properly, you could probably trade ANY system successfully.

1. Dominant trend: Check the trend direction on the next time frame up. I use H4, so I check what is happening on D1. It doesn’t have to be officially up/down yet just as long as it is clearly heading in that direction. It also helps to have a look at what is happening on the next TF down (in my case it’s H1). Sometimes you can see details there that are not clear on your trading TF.

2. S/R obstructions: Avoid trading into support or resistance – this could be horizontal levels or inclined levels as in trend lines or channels. Also, what looks like a strong uptrend on H4 might just be a pullback leg on D1 within a down channel. It would be foolish to buy at the upper boundary line joining successively lower swing high points.

3. Enter when price is close to the EMAs, which means you should avoid entering when there is open space between price and the EMAs. Here the rubber band is stretched, so price is likely to bounce back before it continues with the trend.

4. Avoid long/explosive bars, enter where the bars are short or “quiet” (and such bars are usually close to the EMAs).

5. Avoid trading into price extremes – look at the monthly or weekly chart to see if price is at a long-term low/high.

6. Beware of "old" trends. No trend continues forever, so if a trend has continued for a long time (e.g. it starts in the lower left corner of your screen and goes all the way up to the top right corner) it is an old trend, probably getting tired, its life expectancy is reducing rapidly (as with all of us eventually ). It might continue still, but as a safety precaution, just walk away. Wait for a fresh trend to start.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
So far the EA has given me not a single losing trade, today it appears that also the trailing S/L enters in the game, I use the parameters that the trailing stop of 25 pips starts at a gain of 50 pips, about 1 hour of opening a UER/USd long trade I was stopped out with a profit using the trailing S/L. Would it be a good idea to raise the 25 pips to a higher number? If this week ends positive again, I would consider raising the 0,01 lot size ...

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Yeah, it's not necessary to drop timeframes. You might end up getting prematurely stopped out and inducing analysis paralysis. If you're going to drop down, I'd advocate just dropping down 1 TF (D1 to H4 or H4 to H1). The whole point of 8-20ema system is to hop in on a trend. If you start to get finicky about getting a tighter entry or stoploss, you're either going to miss the move or get stopped out, possibly multiple times, eroding the simple edge in this strategy.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hello there!!!

I just chanced upon this thread and really interesting. I have downloaded the EMA EA 9 installed but so far can't see any trade initiated.

Can someone kindly assist me? I want to try it out and see how it performs.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #956 ---
The default settings switch it off between 7 am and 7 pm broker time.

--- 帖子 #957 ---
This pair has been consolidating for some time. Then during today I noticed the OGT dashboard flashed this pair up, so I placed a trade using the EA. The usual breakout after consolidation happened and now the target isn't far away. I just hope the usual pullback doesn't happen soon.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Please how do i change that in the settings.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Hi Zorbok, it does not just open trades, the conditions have to be met, for instance the 3 time frames have to align long or short, etc. Patience!

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Hi AlistairC and all, thanks to Alistair for starting this thread. This takes me back to my beginnings in trading and it's refreshing to revisit some simple yet powerful strategies.

I've read through most of the pages, and one website Alistair shared was an article on The Floor Trader Trading System (sorry I can't find it now), but that article describes 3 Levels of trade entries, which I thought was really helpful. I'll attach a chart to help illustrate. Basically the concept is if price retraces deeply back to/into/slightly past the 20 EMA, that provides a potential Level 1 Entry. If price retraces to just touching the 9 EMA, that provides a potential Level 2 Entry. If price pulls back but does not touch the 9 EMA (meaning it's a small pullback/retracement), that provides a potential Level 3 Entry. Each have their merit/strengths/weaknesses in different situations, but I thought it helpful to me at least to think of the amount of pullbacks in 3 different categories.

Chart attached.

MantisClaw

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Yes, pullbacks are our bread and butter, but the difficulty lies in knowing how far they will pull back, or perhaps they'll even reverse. If you wait until the answer is clear then you've missed it anyway, or will get in late (which in the greater scheme of things is probably not such so a bad idea). So what I try to do is trail the pullback down with my stop order, trying all the while not to get triggered too soon. As I often say, doing things live is not easy.

If anyone has some method of managing this situation, please share it.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
I can't seem to control the trailing stop adequately, it only triggers on the EUR/USD pair, once the SL is there, MT4 does not allow me to change the SL to a different level while EA is running, 3 subsequent trades opened and closed due to the trailing stop (see list included). So my question is: 1) what are good parameters for the trailing stop and 2) any idea why I cannot change SL and what I can do to change this?

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Seems you want to trade manually to move stop loss

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Put this one in false and have the button on the right upside of the screen in red.

Put the indicator fractals on the screen of the timeframe you are scalping so you can see where the last fractals are although

this info can also be found on the left side in the info panel.

When you want to move the stop acivate the Fractal Trail button.

Price should be above your entry price and last dn fractal above entry price.

One can also start trailing having a loss, then one replaces the zero with for example 30.

When one wants to start trailing when the last fractal is 10 pips above entry price one could put -10 (minus 10)

--- 帖子 #965 ---
I saw this as trailing stop, am I wrong?

--- 帖子 #966 ---
I have posted a video below that you must watch, and wait for the second half where he tells you what he does.

What you need to know about our TS is that (if I have understood things correctly) it does not move until price is in profit AND the latest fractal has formed also in the profit zone. The TS sleeps until those conditions are met. The 3x3 EA uses a clever idea for a TS because it moves the stop down the swing points (by using fractals). In other words it is dynamic, or responsive to market behaviour. I have tried to improve it by asking eurusd-thijs to set the TS with an option to use the previous fractal, not the current one, which is often too close, but then I drop down one TF (H1, not H4, in my case) to make it more responsive, or to use a finer set of moves.

This is the theory! But read further ...

Trailing stops have this aura of making you much more money than a fixed stop, but it's often not like that. They really only help you when you get a nice long run, but how often does that happen? If you trade short-term as I do then TSs are a waste of time. If you want to trade longer-term (as I would like to do!) then it's worth experimenting with a TS. The problem is, if you set it too tight, you get stopped out too early, if you set it too wide, you leave half your profit on the table.

What you really need is a TS that tightens itself as price moves. It should start very wide (e.g 100 pips) then tighten up after every xx candles, to eg 80 pips, then 60 etc. But getting the timing right is not going to be easy. The PSAR TS does this and I have tried using it, mostly unsuccessfully, even though visually it makes so much sense. I will attach a copy of the PSAR TS below.

My solution, for want of anything better, is to move a trade to B/E at 50 pips and then set a fixed stop at 100 pips. That seems to be a good number most of the time. When the markets are jumpy I will make that less, like 80 pips or whatever the chart structure dictates. For longer term trading I prefer to move my stop manually using my own assessment of the market. And it's fun to do that!

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #967 ---
that one moves stop 30 pips in profit when you have 50 pips in profit

the fractal trailing is below that in the menu ( my picture).

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Quite right, I read too fast.

My settings - I move to B/E at 50 pips and lock in 2 pips of profit instead of moving to exactly zero
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My TS settings. I leave it on false and switch it on using the onscreen button when I feel the PA is right for it.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #969 ---
I would trail behind a lower TF ema once the TP target is hit. This narrows down the Trailing SL size while catching short-term momentum bursts (e.g news).

--- 帖子 #970 ---
No losers, waiting for one last one to close (USD/CAD sell), definitely a good system

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Did go short here in audusd but the three emas in H4 are not aligned so changing code.

Good Morning.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
I had an excellent Thursday and Friday using the EA and the same 3x3 system but manually, based on the OGT dashboard signals. I have one trade still running that might still lose some money from those two days, but ignoring that, I gained 5.4% on my account. That's not something that happens often, but I would like to try!

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Good Evening.

New trading week to come to test the system.

Trying to improve the expert a bit.

1. added slope of the mas (now you can choose ema,sma,etc) of the last 2 candles

2. switch trailing when achieved certain profit in pips to lower time frame fractals, also possible manual with button

3. After too much drawdown like -40 pips when possible close in profit 20 pips (both adjustable in menu)

Question does anyone use the option with confirmation candle ?

I use "One Trigger" so no confirmation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #974 ---
I also use one trigger

--- 帖子 #975 ---
i have to do some hours forward test tomorrow to check if the new expert does what i want without bugs.

the menu will look like this.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and the screen like this: (with ema 8 in m5 which i did put myself)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

a backtest picture:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #976 ---
so stay tuned

and the last posted expert is ok too

just follow the recipe selecting the pairs with the OGT Trend Dashboard

--- 帖子 #977 ---
I can't seem to add currency pairs to this indicators, it just gives me grey fields on all pairs and all TF, any idea?

--- 帖子 #978 ---
see post 928 and load that setfile that is in the zip

the setfile must be placed in mql4 > presets and the indicator in directory Indicators

of course all the pairs you want to see have to be present in Market Watch window

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Followed these instructions, but no difference, additional pairs are all grey ... no idea what goes wrong there

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Go here and get it from source. Watch the videos. All your questions (most of them) are answered here.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...dicator-system

--- 帖子 #981 ---
It's correct. When all three MAs are aligned up, it shows green, when all aligned down it shows red. When not aligned it shows grey

--- 帖子 #982 ---
A lot of good work coming up here!

A valuable addition, or change, to the EA would be a lot size calculator. I use the attached for all my trades. It is the .mq4 file, so you can borrow the code from it.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Timeframe settings - 100 - 21 -8?

--- 帖子 #984 ---
upload the exe

as without these 2 files it will not compile
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Fixed it with that info, thanks a lot Alstair

--- 帖子 #986 ---
It's better that you download it so that you get the correct files.

https://www.earnforex.com/metatrader...ick-trade-pro/

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Hi Pandatronix, no, I use 100-15-5 because in my opinion it gives a better balance in showing crossover earlier but not too early. This week EA has started with 3 trades of which currently 2 are losing!

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 11.ex4

112 KB
|
139 downloads

as described, change the emas as you like as backtesting in eurusd no clear set.

added just for info todays range in pips and the average of the last 3 days to show

how the daily swing is and how they have been have been latetely

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Good Morning,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

this green line is the highest price of the last 30 days till yesterday and then counted down.

i will change the expert with option entry manual with buy and sell button with alerts on screen

that it wants long or short so one can finetune the entry then manually.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 12.ex4

119 KB
|
186 downloads

buttons always work even in automatic mode but max 1 position

default is automatic = acts same as version 11

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

in alert mode alerts once a bar

--- 帖子 #991 ---
I was wondering: if EA opens a trade and this trade stays open a few days, if conditions change can EA open a second trade on the same currency pair and could this then be in the opposite direction? Or does the fact that 1 trade is open block the opening of a second trade?

--- 帖子 #992 ---
one buy and one sell at the same time is allowed but wont happen easily as the first one will then have hit stop loss

anyway the panel with the position will not show exact info when having openend buy and sell

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 12.ex4

119 KB
|
170 downloads

this one can handle that strange situation when one buy and one sell is openend as the thing has buy/sell buttons now it could happen

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i did open 0.01 lot buy and 0.01 lot sell

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

nice trade in eurjpy, did hit the m1 trail button just now

--- 帖子 #995 ---
If the trade in a pair has reached tp or you closed it yourself

and in menu you selected one trade a day it will say "No more trades today"

but when you think there will come another opportunity today

you can delete the corresponding file in directory mq4/files

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

it will think that no trade has been done and will make imediately a new file that says that

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Not much happening with the trading the last two days. So far one loss (EURCAD), otherwise 5 EA trades still running, some from yesterday, some from today, and they mostly haven't moved very far from their entry level.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Good Morning,

my demo trades at the moment with default config (not the improved version that i am testing now).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

trying to improve the expert further as when it took a long in eurusd the 3 moving averages in my trigger timeframe m5 were all alined for short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

eurusd situation at the moment

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

all closed with helper expert, see post 902

the idea behind the helper expert is to close all at target (and call it a day) before usa traders enter the pitch as more than once directions then reverse.

they enter from 12.11 hrs gmt+3

i deleted all the files in mq4/files and started it all up again and what happens ?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #999 ---
in this version the 3 emas small,medium,big must be also aligned in trigger timeframe so trigger timeframe must say short or long

the slope of the ema of the trigger timeframe as will as the slope of the  big,medium and small ma of the triggertimeframe are not used

although you can see them in the first line of the panel

in eurusd backtest 2021 and 2022 the T version is better

Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 12 T.ex4

119 KB
|
192 downloads

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Just some thoughts

After 10 winners in a row last week, this week has given me so far 2 losers and 1 winner. What are my conclusions?

1. I was thinking that maybe if you leave EA work at random you get opposite trades and it might be better to only sell or only buy certain pairs. However: as the results show, I have a losing trade buying the USD (agains CAD) as well as a winning trade buying the USD (against JPY), so I will keep the buy AND sell open on all pairs. We are trading short term, so let this clever system decide instead of giving priority to my perception of what is likely

2. I don't think you can prevent a losing trade but I would like to reduce the amount lost in a losing trade. For this purpose before implementing EA on a currency pair I will now change the following : a) since EA will trade on a pullback, the fact that the price continues in the wrong direction proves the trade wrong, starting from a position that is already a certain number of pips away from the previous candle. Therefore I will no longer use the same number of pips for SL and TP but instead I will program higher TP (2 to 1 or at least 1,5 to 1) to compensate the previous candle and b) I will also calculate in advance the maximum loss / profit that goes with the number of pips chosen for SL and TP and perhaps use this data to chose a higher or lower number of pips for SL / TP. Just trading 0,01 lot of EUR/GBP with a 75 pip SL resulted in 8,72 euro loss, which I consider too high. c) As a general rule I also tend to choose the number of pips in function of the ADR, we like the trade to close the same day so if the ADR is high my SL / TP is higher and vice versa

Hope this is useful and of course your more professional and experienced thoughts on this are more than welcome.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Put automatic entries in false, then you get alerts that suggest a trade.

Then do an analisis, check upcoming new.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
This is very useful. If I understand correctly, setting automatic entries to false means the EA will not place any trades on its own but will instead send an alert (eurusd-thijs - is it a pop-up alert?) and at that stage you can inspect the possible trade and make a decision yourself. I like it.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
yes popup alert

will see if i can push alerts

and if you then use the buttons to enter it will trail etc as set in the expert

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the only trade i did get today and with such a daily adr i would not trade this pair in real

i closed the experts short audusd as it seems to rebound 0.6600 zone
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

this alerted me in audusd

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Just a reminder to all that no matter how many improvements eurusd-thijs makes to this EA, the core function remains the same as it always was - 3 EMAs aligned across 3 timeframes (I have been calling this the 3x3 system). So if it doesn't work as well as it did last week, it's not the EA that has changed, but the market. Right now there are just 5 pairs that are aligned, 3 of them being NZD pairs. The rest of the market is not bullish or bearish (by the 3x3 method). Something is going on and perhaps now is not a good time to be trading. Maybe we should wait until more pairs become fully aligned?

This image explains some of it. Note that all of those yen pairs that were strongly bullish a few days ago? All gone (except USDJPY). So obviously, something is going on, just not sure what to make of it!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
in T version the trigger time frame now needs also the smal,medium and big emas aligned so it is 4 x 3

in T version it needs for a long that it says "Long" in the 4 time frames and it needs 3 x "+" in the lines below the Trigger text

the slope of the trigger (emas: trigger, small, medium and big) are not considered only the aligment of the small,medium and big ema.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

red, white, blue in m5 my trigger time frame in order of the dutch flag is long for the trigger

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

no long usdjpy for now

in version 11 neither as the small ema points down in m30 but of course m30 is slower than m5 to signal

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

will have to add the trigger ma also in the alignment for the trigger timeframe as for me it should now say None

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

bad entry in eurjpy

put the thing off with new

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Good Morning

For real put automatic in false and it will give alerts so you decide.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

changed the emas a bit and no ema 240 minutes in this pair

other ones no signals or false ones in jpy pairs

testing new version

my tp is 0.6720 in this one in real

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Apologies for my absence since last week. I have been travelling: Cape Town, Johannesburg, Nairobi, Zanzibar. Since Covid there have been no direct flights, but at least we no longer have to go via Addis Ababa. There is now one airline offering direct from JNB to ZNZ - if you can get a seat. We are now settled in, the signal is not very good, but enough. I'll be here for all of July.

I have been looking at examples of where the EMAs first become aligned. Almost always there is a pullback after about 10 to 20 bars and that seems to be an excellent place to enter. Sometimes the pulback is just an inside bar or two-bar pullback, others it is a full pullback to the EMAs. It's always wise to give away a few pips with the entry position so that a small bounce doesn't trigger the trade too early. Where price pulls back into or below the EMAs I wait for price to close on the trend side of the 8 and 21 EMAs.

On this EURJPY chart I used large yellow arrows to mark when the EMAs first become aligned (it is basically when the 21 EMA crosses the 100 EMA). I deliberately chose a messy bit of price action, price goes sideways most of the time on this chart. Yet there were no losses. By being patient and waiting for the pullback to present an entry opportunity I was protected from being stopped out. It's not always like this. Go and do your own back-testing and see for yourself.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
After a series of winning trades the first week, results of the EA have been rather disappointing. Today 6 trades are open and all 6 are at loss, I have not calculated but I would guess all trades so far result maybe in breakeven. I did gradually change the EA to the 12T version, I was wondering if this could make a difference? I am thinking of going back to an earlier version to compare, anyone is profiting with the EA and if so with what version / parameters?

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Irrespective of EA, today I only see:

GBPCAD; USOIL; FTSE100

as reasonable candidates (possibly Dax also, if you were awake early enough)

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
This is the original brief. I want to focus on point 2: "Place a trade at the close of a candle that opens inside the fast EMA and then closes outside of it (i.e. in the direction of the trend)."

This is based on my observation that a pullback to the EMAs will often take price into the EMA 'envelope' and the best time to enter is when price breaks out of the envelope and closes outside (on the trend side) of the two EMAs. This means that in most cases the entry is close to the EMAs and price is not stretched away / overbought/sold. This is more than just a convenient trigger, it is strategic, it increases the odds of success (as I have observed it). It also means that in most cases the three EMAs have started separating and have fallen into a clean trend.

I have marked some of these below. If my logic is correct then, ideally, the trigger candle should be on the trading TF (H4 in my case). But then there will be very few signals, so we need to drop down a bit. The question then is how far down the TFs should we go so that we get enough signals but still make use of the breakout candle concept. I don't know, but it seems to me that the sweet spot is probably M30.

But having said all of that, unless you have millions to spend, any EA that we are able to develop can never be as good as manual trading. The issue with this EA (and any EA) is that it can't be left on its own and needs to be managed.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Back to using the first appearance of all three EMAs becoming aligned. This GBPCAD trade gave a yellow arrow signal (as mentioned before, that is basically where the 21 EMA crosses over the 100 EMA, meaning all three are then aligned). There is then usually some kind of pullback that we can trade.

Note that in this case the 'pullback' became a fairly lengthy period of sideways movement. Therefore I expected a decent breakout. But, to avoid triggering my trade too early, I placed my entry some distance away from the consolidation area. In this case my entry was about 10 to 12 pips above the tips of the main group of candles.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
One thing I like about this 21 EMA crossing the 100 EMA signal (my yellow arrow signal), is that it is not discretionary. Either the crossover has happened and I see my yellow arrow, or it hasn't. And then we wait until we see an entry opportunity, and it is important that the EMAs have started separating. In this case a pinbar was produced, which made the decision to enter easier. And a short while later the EA agreed with me! So now I have two trades running.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Good Morning

Dont ask why it did not enter earlier as it is on my desktop pc and i turn it on when i wake up

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
I use a VPS and the EA is running on that. I have found their service and client support to be excellent.
https://www.fxvps.pro/

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
I missed this one but the EA got it for me
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
I recommend use the expert  in real with automatic in false so it gives signals but one has to enter with buy or sell button.

Backtest in eurusd years 2021-2022 where eurusd moved from 1.2300 to below 1.00 are not good.

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
I agree. This EA does something that I haven't seen before, which is to give signals when set on manual. Giving the trader control over the decisions is really good.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
For sompe reason, putting the EA at work on the EUR/JPY pair gives me these blue arrows which I've never seen before, also not on other pairs. Anyone would have an explanation for this?

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Those blue arrows are built into whatever App you are using to place your trade. In this case it must be the EA. I haven't seen them while using the EA either, but they are actually quite common. They are useful to mark your trade beginning and ending with a dotted line between them - you can use them to analyse the trade after it has closed. Some traders leave them in place over a period of time as data to review. I don't like the extra clutter so I delete them as soon as I can (using Ctrl-B as a shortcut).

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Here's another trade, late in the day. It's kind of a perfect entry and a great response, but there is support just below that I need to think about.

EDIT: I moved my TP up to a pip or two above the support line. That was a quick 29 pips, 32 minutes from start to finish! And it leaves me with 2.9% growth on balance for the day. Very happy with that, it makes up for some of the bad days I had during the last week.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Starting EA on a pair is easy but I cannot seem to remove it. How do you do that? I remove all the elements from 'objects' and it just stays there ...

Sorry, no need to answer, found the right-click solution - select EA and 'remove'

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
a long at 1.64217 euraud i have now

good morning

as this pair has the last three days an adr of 154 the default stop loss of 80-100 pips might not be enough

especially with nfp today

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
I have started using manual trading on the EA with a signal provided and I like it a lot.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have rejected all of these so far, and given that today is Friday and NFPs, it must be a convincing trade before I would take it: All on H4: USDCHF sitting on support, CADCHF oversold, likely to correct first, and GBPAUD overbought - open space between price and EMAs so likely to correct first. But how good to be able to review what the EA is thinking before it places any trades.

This also means we don't have to be conservative or cautious with the EA settings because we can reject them if we don't like them. For this reason I have set it to place multiple trades in one day.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
eurusd-thijs, can you please clarify for me.

In the T version of the EA, have you kept this type of trigger candle? "Place a trade at the close of a candle that opens inside the fast EMA and then closes outside of it (i.e. in the direction of the trend)."

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
T_version:

Trigger time frame must have the three moving averages (small, medium ,big) aligned but slope not considered in the trigger timeframe.

The slope of moving averages of the small, medium and big timeframe most point in same direction (north or south) and must be aligned.

Trigger candle nothing changed.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Making a new version in which one can put in true or false this alignment in trigger time frame.

Also adding a not agressive option martingale

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
I have been exploring my "yellow arrow strategy" (I must find a better name for it!) that I first commented on last week. It is simply just the moment when all three EMAs align on that TF. Once the signal comes it is important to wait for a pullback and then find a suitable entry (which includes checking the HTF to avoid trading against the trend).

It had seemed to me that the trigger candle that I requested in the EA, where the candle opens inside the fast EMA and closes outside (on the trend side), should be an important feature, but whenever I look for an example, I am not sure about that.

Look at this case. There was the yellow arrow, then a bit later a pullback. I marked what I consider the ideal entry candle with a small yellow box. The next large green candle qualifies as a true "trigger candle" by the EA definition, and for the purposes of coding an EA, it's fine to use it. But for manual trading I think we can do better. The marked candle hasn't closed outside the 8 EMA, so I would have placed the buy stop order a few pips, maybe 5 pips) outside.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This next example is a new signal. Let's see how it develops.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
The new EMA alignment signal came last night. This morning I saw that the consolidation zone (which is a kind of pullback) had extended but not broken yet, so I entered at the base of it.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
emas 8-21-100 in h4 ?

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Yes

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
With the EA I am doing an experiment. I set the trigger TF to H4, same as my trading TF. It is set on manual, so I get to control what happens, and so I also removed any time restrictions on when it can trade. SL and TP are both 80 pips. So far I have had one trade reach its target (long GBPAUD yesterday), and two both a small way into profit today (EURAUD long and EURGBP short)

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
This trade just reached its target. I had another trade running (GBPAUD long) that I used the OGT dashboard to identify (that's the so-called 3x3 method). It reached its target a bit earlier. That brings my growth on account to 5% for July so far.

I'm happy with the way my trading is going. I haven't decided whether the 3x3 method using the dashboard or the 3-EMA alignment signal method works better for my manual trading, but I plan to use both and see what happens.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
testing version 12 martingale

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

eurcad in martin modus

if it is friday evening late still bad one should consider to take the loss

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

with 8-21-100 emas and h4 trigger

now backtesting with first trail m30 time frame in stead off h1 but seems worse

next step to add option to trade change alignment 3 mas in h4 in the picture it was a better entry

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 12 Martingale.ex4

127 KB
|
128 downloads

here it is but not with change aligment, later it will come

use your own config and put automatic in false for manual entries with button
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

backtesting in eurusd 2021-2022 looked ok default

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

closed eurcad when it was in little profit, first manual the loosong position and then the expert sees profit more than 1.5 usd and closes all

canada rate decicion coming in 90 minutes !

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
I traded this pair too. Pity about the CAD news release in an hour. Or maybe not. I'll let it run but cut it off if it looks like heading south.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

haha

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
OK, you can ignore that bit about the CAD news release. It was in a hurry. Target reached.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
The EA is very inactive the past week, perhaps the extreme moves without real pullbacks is the cause? It gives a bit the feeling of missing out, but then again patience is the name of the game and ignoring EA would probably lead to worse startingh prices to step in?

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
You are right, there have been very few decent setups. It seems many pairs are turning, or at least undergoing a pullback. And those that are continuing on their power moves up or down are so extended or close to a key level that they are not suitable for trading any way, even if they meet the 3x3 criteria.

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Good work mate. I think there's nothing wrong sticking to basics and MA crossovers are one of the most fundamental indicator based signals out there. I have been just recently doing some reading on trading indexes for the long term based on golden crosses and death crosses. And they are not so far-fetched, in fact, quite profitable.

So why not apply it on some of other financial securities? One caveat would be the misleading volatility and not so reliable signals if you try to apply it down to very short time frames like minutes and whatnot. But most of the time, it could work out in your favor with the daily and hourly timeframes.

Arguably, some of the allegedly premium and winning indicators that are sold on some charting websites are also mainly based on moving average cross-overs in the background.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Good Morning,

what shall we trade today

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

gbpusd might give a long trade today with 8-21-100 emas and h4 trigger

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
or it could develop into a longish retracement...

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
I like eurusd-thijs's use of the One-glance Trader trend dashboard. It makes selecting suitable trades easy.

But on GBPUSD, the daily shows price to be stretched away from the EMAs, so I agree with josi that a bit of caution is required. Use a stop order and trail it down the retracement but not too close to price.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
OK, take a deep breath everyone. Here's something to liven up your Monday!

We use EMAs to help us define trend. Another standard method is to use higher highs and higher lows to define an uptrend, and vice versa. But we also like keeping things clean, and it doesn't get much cleaner than using a line graph!! Pure price action at its cleanest. The only time I would switch over to candles would be to see the close of the breakout candle in order to place a trade there. Do you think you could get your brain around using just line graphs?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
I like candles as one can see pin bars and inverted hammers.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

like here gbpusd m30, 8 minutes to terminate candle

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
crazy pair

but me buys the dip

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
I do too, I'm sure most of us do, but it's an interesting idea to go pure naked and see if we can overcome our dependence on those props. I do sometimes wonder, once we have got our minds around it, whether it might not be a better way of trading! I have set my VPS charts up like that and will see if I can do something with just the line graph. It's an interesting challenge.

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Here's another "All three EMAs aligned" trade. The break below the signal was too strong to catch so I waited for the usual pullback and entered on the breakout candle. There is local support to get through still, but beyond that is a decent amount of space to move down into.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 12 Martingale.ex4

143 KB
|
125 downloads

latest expert tested in eurusd 2021-2022 default set with 300 usd start

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
sell eurchf i now have
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

lets see with the new expert but in demo

in eurusd only i would put it for real as i backtested that pair

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 12 Martingale.ex4

145 KB
|
205 downloads

fixed 2 small not important bugs.

1. did forget it did a trade already today when only allowed 1 trade a day

2. when manual mode the displayed lotsize was not correct when using risk

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Good day guys im quite new to this, tryna find and stick to a strategy. IDk if i can @ people here but i have questions for 2 people. 1st

@AlistairC I saw a few of your posts including the first one of your strategy. Have you made changes to it in any way?(entry criteria, exit criteria, etc)

@eurusd-thijs correct me if im wrong but you seem to be making a bot from this strategy? You mind expaining how it works im sure its somewhere in the thread but theres alot too read.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Trying to improve entries of the automatic mode.

Some i dont like like this one.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
This EA is quirte bizar, several currency pairs all lined up and ready for buy / sell, but no trades opened for at least 1 week ...

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
It could be that the dashboard needs to be refreshed. It seems to need that. Click on a different time frame and back to where you want to be and you might see a different display.

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
The dashboard is okay, but it is the EA that does not open any trades

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

today closed
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

still running

latest version

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Closed trades give nice results, what parameters do you use?

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Day 3 of this trade.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
And also Day 3 of this trade.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Shortcuts aren't helpful in the long run. But you could try reading the thread backwards, as most of our recent thinking is in the last 5 pages. My strategy now revolves around the 3x3 method (mostly, kind of, with the Yellow Arrow Signal as a slight variation). 8/21/100 EMAs. And more than 10,000 hours of screen time.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
The recent GBP economic news items, all but one in the red, pushed this GBPCHF trade to its target very quickly. So that's a very nice 150 pips banked. But another trade (long GBPAUD placed this morning) went equally quickly to its doom. That's 85 pips lost.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
It would have been better if I had entered this trade near the dotted line, but I missed it. Given that all three TFs are showing down on the 3x3 method, I decided to go for it anyway - when the force is with you ...

The target is far down. I decided to resurrect an EA I commissioned a while back that starts with a move to B/E function and then switches over to an MA trailing stop function. It is set at 50 pips move to B/E, thereafter to trail along the 21 EMA, but only once the EMA line itself has moved into the profit zone. Let's first avoid the SL!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
target 1.2100

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps the long gbpusd it took was a disaster in automatic mode

if you want automatic only for eurusd

the other pairs automatic in false

the short usdcad was manual

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
EA entered this trade somewhat earlier in my case ...

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
And we both got stopped out

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
not yet ...

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
This comment from last week still applies - I am using the EA to move to B/E and aiming for a target further away than I usually set, hoping that I will lock in some decent profit if the trade doesn't reach the target. But to reach a more distant target I am trying to enter earlier than the yellow arrow signal I have been using, which marks where all three EMAs become aligned. So I am now waiting for the 8 and 21 EMAs to cross in line with the daily trend and then looking for a suitable entry. This one directly below a local consolidation is a good entry.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
I missed the earlier small consolidation area soon after the 8/21 EMA crossover (where the SL now sits). This level would have made a good entry, but instead I had to enter after the second consolidation area which is also after the yellow arrow signal appeared (all three EMAS are now aligned). But the TP is still set far away (150 pips) and it still fits under the resistance area on the top left of the chart, so I'm hoping for the best.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
I use an App to place trades because it calculates the correct lot size for me automatically. It's better that you download it yourself so that you get the correct files. Place all of those files directly into the MQL4 folder https://www.earnforex.com/metatrader...ick-trade-pro/

This is what it looks like on the charts.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To open it click on the first image, I think it's a pen. Then you can enter your SL distance manually and it calculates the lot size accordingly. All the other settings are entered into the inputs dialog.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
I downloaded EA using with default settings on EUR/USD let's see how it's works, do you recommend any settings ?

The trade in the chart opened manual not with EA.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
The trades I posted earlier are are still keeping me in the "hope" stage. EURUSD pulled right back, but beginning to go my way. CADJPY still hovering in local consolidation but on the loss side of the entry.

This EURCAD trade has done much better, now at B/E and recovering from the minor pullback earlier. It is a long way from getting the yellow arrow signal, so in this case using just the 8/21 EMA crossover helped me get in closer to the beginning of the new trend with (hopefully) some more space to play with on the way down. TP is set at 150 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Is EURCAD not just a pullback in an uptrend? 1D is still up, so is such trade not in contradiction to your 3x3 strategy? Just a question ...

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Thank you for this question. Firstly, this is not based on the 3x3 strategy - today I have been posting about entering earlier using the 8/21 EMA crossover as the signal, not the 3 EMA crossover as the signal.

Your question made me go back and look carefully at this trade and why I made the decisions I did. You are correct that this is (or was) still an uptrend on the daily, but it depends what you are using to make that decision. If you look at my chart you will see that price became very overbought - there is a significant gap between the price bars and the EMAs and so it was (almost) inevitable that a correction, at least, and a reversal, probably, would take place. So when all the indications on H4 were in favour of a short trade, and with D1 showing these signs, I decided to take the trade. And so far luck has been my friend. One thing to keep luck on my side that I did since placing the trade was to move the TP up to the top of the support level visible on H4.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Revised target reached, 120 pips banked.

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Decided to exit the trade as well, with a small loss, as I expect tomorrow might be very volatile and possibly bullish for USD

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
I decided to go back to the original method I started this thread with. In fact post #1 summarises it nicely. I have borrowed text from that post to explain what I am doing now.

===========

Borrowed from post #1: This chart summarises my strategy. I wait for a new trend to form, as defined by the EMA crossover, then wait for a pullback to (or close to) the EMAs, and then enter a trade. I almost always use stop orders so that if a pullback turns into a reversal, there is less chance of that trade being taken out as price continues the 'wrong' way. Note that I identified a two-bar pullback setup and two inside bar setups. They all represent a pullback, or at least a pause, or a local consolidation period. And after the multi-IB setup, price exploded away. That's just perfect. I look for that kind of setup all the time (and some of my recent trades make this obvious - waiting for a consolidation and trading from just below/above it is a powerful strategy).

Something I didn't comment on in post #1 is the importance of trading in line with the higher timeframe (HTF). However, it is not necessary to wait for the HTF to be "officially" in the same direction as the trade (e.g. EMAs crossed, or a HH/HL setup or similar), just that it is obviously heading in that direction. But to make it more certain and less based on instinct, experience or the trader's discretion, one can insist on seeing an "official" matching trend direction.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
I bought GBPUSD after the 8/21 EMA crossover. D1 is very up.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Thanks for keeping us updated !

Market seems preparing for a not hawkish FED.

But they could as well say it might not be the last rate increase.

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
The above GBPUSD trade moving now, but slowly, unlike GBPCAD, that has burst up and is now at B/E. TP at 150 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Subscribed!

Hi AlistairC, Your chart will be helpful if we can see the left part of it also.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
25-50 emas uses that gap alert

would that be better than 8-21 ?

making a new expert/signal board

long usdjpy it did tell me since 141.31

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

with 25-50 emas

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Instead of guessing you "simply" have to back- and forward-test:

100 hundred trades for each setting; let the members do the work for you...

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
a nice bunch of pips that long usdjpy

it had

when price goes in european session far above last usa close and also above asia close today it retraces

141.87 was my asia high

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   bt2022.zip

389 KB
|
161 downloads

use it in demo to test, put automatic in false

works with timer, so can not be backtested

in the picture one sees 7 pairs = option2 in menu, when selected 26 pairs option1 expert slows down considerably.

one can edit the pairs in menu

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

all manual, to test, entries could have been a bit better

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Attached File(s)   BT2022_Multipair for backtest.ex4

365 KB
|
141 downloads

for one pair at the time to backtest, needs the 2 indicators in the above zip

backtest goes slow be warned

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

V pips stands for virtual pips. In this case gbpusd macd zero cross was higher than actual price so V pips is negative.

Hope you like this expert /helper to trade

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Do you put both files under 'expert' ?

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
the files in the zip file directory indicator go to your indicator folder (MARSI and Elliot).

the bt2022 files are the experts for the experts folder

i use it in demo just to alert me and in gold one minute chart as it alerts once each bar and gold is not traded

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
eurusd-thijs, I see that this EA uses both MACD and RSI. This thread does not support the use of such indicators. Could you stick to just MAs? The purpose of the thread, made clear in several posts, is to use only MAs and for us to become better at doing that.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Here is a trade I placed late yesterday on AUDNZD. It has moved very slowly and is now undergoing a pullback. The TP is at 69 pips based on price structure.

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
moved my expert to a new thread
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post14519442

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Target reached.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Here is another trade I placed yesterday, also NZD but in the opposite direction. I stuck with it because if the PA says it is going down (short NZD) as opposed to AUDNZD going down (long NZD) then it is, and it has. Now at B/E.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
I have been waiting for GBPUSD H4 to go down some more so that I am sure it is not just a D1 pullback. It has broken through the D1 trend line now and so I entered after that local pullback/consolidation.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
I placed this USDCHF trade this morning too. Seems like USD is bullish across the board. But don't take this as a signal to trade USD long. Trust the system and trade what you see on your charts, not what somebody says should be happening.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Same, I see little resistance till 0,8820, already at BE now ...

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
We have breakout!

This is what usually happens after a period of consolidation, whether that consolidation is a short, local one or days- or weeks-long one. And, while we don't want to get caught in a period when price goes nowhere, so too must we welcome such times because we can benefit from the breakout. I got caught up in one H4 pullback bar, but luckily, it didn't last long.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Hi uru-trader, I've just noticed your chart has some kind of indicator at the bottom. Please remove it before you post. You can put it back afterwards but I challenge you to go fully naked .

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Cheers bro. Love the simplicity of this system and it's on my favorite timeframe - 4hr.

Can make a lot of money being patient and keeping it simple.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Nice Gold move

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Indeed, and the ideal place to sell would have been just below the consolidation area I marked on your chart. I haven't checked the trend direction on the HTF, so I assume you did!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
A general request to all who post charts here - please could you mention which instrument / currency pair it is, and also which timeframe, either in your text or on the chart itself.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
I placed this NZDJPY trade earlier today and it caught the breakout nicely, although a pulback is currently underway. I'm hoping (expecting?) that the pullback bar will bump its head against the support / now resistance level and go back down again.

It just shows again that the simple routine we should follow is to wait for the MA crossover, confirm that the trend is in place (check the HTF), wait for some kind of consolidation to form and then place a stop order just below/above the consolidation. That's all we need to do, again and again. And of course be sure to go through the safety checklist I posted near the beginning of this thread. That is a must and an always.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
I have marked up this chart with the above routine. D1 is down. We could have entered below either of the two consolidations shown (maybe not the first one if the MA crossover had not yet happened). Both of them produced a breakout, the first one lasting 95 pips, the second 52 pips. This is perfect because it quickly gets us clear of the danger zone (above the entry level) and if you move to B/E at 50 pips, which I do, both trades would have been safe. Now we have a possible third consolidation forming.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
This possible EURUSD trade is very similar to the GBPUSD one I posted about yesterday. Price has broken below the daily trend line and on H4 our favourite chart pattern is forming. Now for the breakout? Can anyone see any problems with this trade? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
For sure, so I actually entered at the dotted line just on that support line, still in the trade. I definitely chased a bit, but that's the furthest I'll chase. I def see the proper/prime entry is a bit further up on the bottom body of that last bull candle.

Sorry for not mentioning it's 4hr. I just assumed that was assumed lol.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
LOVE IT man.

I've learned SMC, ICT, Malaysian SNR, spent nearly a year working on tweaking an NNFX algo and to me...this is the gold.

Simple = Scalability

You have a brother in arms with the 8/21 4hr cross my friend.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Actually, the level where you entered might be better than anything slightly higher up, for the simple reason that if the price action continues going sideways for any length of time after triggering your trade, then it is stressful for the trader waiting and hoping, and what if for some reason price does pull back more deeply just there (Murphy's Law at play), then you are really sweating. Better to be slightly further away and be triggered by the actual breakout candle. That's the perfect scenario.

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Nope. Nothing wrong, I am short myself. Saw strong 4hr trend and took it.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
I agree! The buy stop/sell stop entry is huge for this system. I had a mentor once tell me "you never know a zebra is a zebra until it's fully drawn, it could be a horse".

The point is, we use the buy/sell stop entries as confirmation of the breakout once the Zebra is fully drawn by the author.

Totally agree with ya.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Thank you. But think about this - all that learning now comes into play - you can't use this method mechanically, having lots of learning and screen hours behind you really helps to make a method like this simple and effective.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
You're right. You don't understand how simple something can be until you understand how complex things can get. Thank you man.

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
I closed this trade manually for 73 pips when I saw that a big pullback was underway - and also when I saw the bullish BOE bank rate decision.

It seems safe to get back in the water again, so this is today's trade on the same GBPUSD pair.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post14523825

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
That thread seems to be a madhouse!! But a useful comment about which way GBPUSD might be heading.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
it can be at times

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
It's likely to be a quiet day today - Mondays often are, but there are also bank holidays in Australia and Canada today, which should slow things down a bit.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
I would like less but longer trades, so look at daily candles. On the USD/JPY pair I opened this trade during a pullback on the daily candle, using the 1H and 4H candles to check my point of entry. I have put in a 100 pip trailing stop so the trade is now well above BE point. My goal in trading would be to close when there is a bearish crossover, however I doubt about the trailing stop at only 100 pips might stop me out before a new crossover. Let me know your opinion?

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Your move up to D1 as your trading TF is no different from what you were doing on H4, just slower and bigger numbers. What is different is your use of a 100 pip TS. Do you remember this post https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post14471711 that I made a while back that was about TSs but should have been about the move to B/E? I misread the question at that time, but the post remains valid. In it I try to give some perspective on how useful (or not) trailing stops are. In short, unless you are a long-term trader, I don't think TSs are much help. But that's just my opinion.

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
HI

interesting what I see, IB 4h actually pullbacks are seen in the last daily short movement in eur/usd. I'm new to your thread and read that you spent a lot of time testing it.

I'd like to ask you a few questions if you allow.

You take your long short moves when you are sure that a trend is taking place 4h TF and ok. But first, when the trend is forming and that is when the EMAs are still inverse of your yet to come trend, have you tested if your IB method works in lower TF with 1h IB bars?

Then another question and this time I'm referring to when your 4H trend is formed and you are riding it. Since eur/usd gbp/usd nzd/usd aud/usd are correlated, have you tried to verify for example if a movement eur/usd TF 4H in which there is a large movement without IB actually occurred in gbp/usd nzd/usd aud /usd?

sorry my english...thanks

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
IB ??

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Usually IB means inside bar. It represents a pause, usually as a continuation signal unless it takes place at a clear S/R level. I have marked 4 examples on this chart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Thanks for your questions, L,,Olonese. Let me say that I am not a detail kind of person, and like to keep things as simple as possible. Call me lazy if you like, but trading is difficult enough at the best of times, so why add complexity? That's my view, but it might not work for you. Do what works for you (but keep it simple ).

1. Have you tested if your IB method works in lower TF with 1h IB bars? No, I haven't tested this, but I am certain it will work because it makes little difference what TF you are working on, you get the same patterns again and again. Just that the lower TFs supposedly are less reliable. I'm not sure about that - faster, yes, but if I give you any chart of almost any currency pair but I don't tell you which pair and which TF, you will likely not be able to tell me if it is a higher TF or a lower TF.

2. Since eur/usd gbp/usd nzd/usd aud/usd are correlated, have you tried to verify for example if a movement eur/usd TF 4H in which there is a large movement without IB actually occurred in gbp/usd nzd/usd aud /usd? Again the answer is no, and I don't bother with knowing much about correlated pairs, as they change over time, sometimes very correlated, sometimes less, and keeping track of all that is, in my opinion, too much effort! Perhaps I'm wrong, I don't know and haven't bothered to find out. My mantra is to keep it as simple as possible. If I see a currency pair that meets the conditions, trade it, if not, don't trade it. The only restriction I use is not to trade more than two pairs that are similar, eg AUDCAD and AUDCHF etc.

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
These are possibilities you should consider.

Regardless of your entry method which is not mine but which I am considering integrating it with mine especially in a consolidated trend.

2) I enter the market just as I indicated in my previous post in point 2, I look for the signal in eur usd for example and then I enter all 4 pairs instantly. the market I entered now I entered with my signal.

1) after finding your thread I tried to see if your signal existed ... and it existed between 2 pairs (NZD USD, AUD USD; consider that I mainly look at signals in eur usd gbp usd and there your signal doesn't there was) of the 4 pairs that I consider and that I took, the signal exists in 1h long and it would have been to be taken into consideration because the last movement that I consider after seeing the highest tf is the 1h tf. I don't know if it's a coincidence but if it were true it would be great because I don't have a specific dele signal, whereas your method would.

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
tell us more about this movement

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Start here - https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...indicatoralert

Something here - https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post14031978

Hope that helps, good luck

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Thanks for posting this, Erebus. I like that it is about pure price action, being a chart / candlestick pattern. However, it is off topic - this thread is about MA crossovers, which is quite different from chart patterns. We can leave it here but I would ask that we don't discuss it here.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
I came across this MA crossover strategy that traders here might find interesting. It uses 4 EMAs that are based on the Fibonacci numbers 5, 8, 13 and 21.

Enjoy.

https://blog.roboforex.com/blog/2023...end%20analysis.

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
What information can these four MAs give you that you cannot get from 5 and 21 alone?

To my mind the only reason for using a 2nd or even 3rd MA must be to emulate higher TFs.

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Give it a go and report back! It might suit some traders well, others feel better with less (is more).

Just thought of this - have you seen Daryl Guppy's multi-MA setup? He uses something like 12 EMAs split into a short-term group and a long-term group.

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
People like hullabaloo and fracas, the more colourful the spectacle the better...

I am not commenting on the choices people make;

but I think there's a difference between functionality and cosmetics (so to speak).

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
That 1.1000 level on GBPCHF seems to be really strong. But if price does break below it this time it could be a big move.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Reading the comments on CHF it might break upwards ...
"SNB unlikely to hike rates further this year
While recent Franc gains have not been as extreme as back in early 2015, we do believe that the strength of the CHF is currently overshooting somewhat and expect it to correct lower in the coming months.
The Swiss Franc has been benefitting from the relatively hawkish policy stance of the SNB who have actively been encouraging a stronger CHF to dampen upside risks to their inflation outlook. With inflation likely to slow further below the SNB’s 2.0% target in the coming months, we do not expect the SNB to hike rates further this year."

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
So it might bounce up again. OK, but anyway, I tend to ignore the fundamental news most of the time and  prefer to follow what I see on the charts. So if it bounces I'll wait for the MAs to show me (whether it be 2, 3, 4 or 12 of them ).

On that point I have been looking at the GMMAs (Daryl Guppy's 12 EMAs) recently and they reveal a lot that is useful. I like to check a trade on more than one trading system / chart template and will start referring to the GMMAs this week to see if it adds to my understanding of what is happening.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Hi Alistair. I’ve enjoyed reading this thread and will trial this out for myself this week.

I have 2 questions:

- how do you decide how many pull back candles you see before entering at the til of a pull back candle? I’ve read this in your first few notes, but it’s not clear to me, as sometimes there are 2 pull back candles and other times there are more?

- secondly, do you have an alert system that can alert when the 2 EMA’s cross? Apologies if this is within the thread already and I’ve missed it.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
How many pullback candles is a bit difficult because we don't know if it will be just two or more or even a full reversal. So I use a stop order and try to keep it out of reach until the pullback has ended. Another approach is to wait until the next candle breaks above (in a bullish trend) above one or more of the pullback candles, usually it should be above / outside of the EMAs.

I have attached the crossover with alerts indicator you need. There are lots like this on the internet. Let me know if it doesn't work.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Last week was not one of my better weeks ...

Hopefully this breakout on USDCHF will cheer me up. I placed the entry at the top of the marked consolidation area. Now I have to hope it also breaks though the local resistance and after that, I'm in it for the long haul (150 pips).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Thanks Alistair. I've placed the indicator in my Indicators folder and loaded the indicator. (Do i need to place it anywhere else?)

I'll see if it does sound the signals when there's a cross.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
I don't think it generates a sound, just a pop-up and an email if you set it up correctly. you'll find it sends lots of signals, many not useful, so having them also beep at you could become annoying.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
It went up very nicely to about 55 pips and then dropped right back and got stopped out at B/E. That's a good result - no loss, so I live to use the same money again tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
The obvious reason for this: on D1 USDCHF is in a downtrend (lower lows and lower highs).

Price was rejected when retracement reached resistance (the last LL).

So you could have identified where this point is (around 0.8823) to take profit (or partial profit - instead of being stopped out). As your approach is a trend following one, trading against the predominant trend can be - if permitted within your system - problematic.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Thank you. Yes, quite right. I saw that D1 had crossed up and had its own HHs and HLs and took that as sufficient, but of course it wasn't. If I had gone through all my safety checks I would have seen this easily, but I neglected to do that carefully. Also, the weekly shows very clearly that this is not a buy.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Well, according to your MA-bias it was.

Possible solutions:

a) modify the MAs (to emulate higher TF/reference TF)

b) modify profit taking (i. e. retracement running into resistance)

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
I'm not sure that any modifications are required to fix this - it just requires me to follow my own rules and procedures properly. The lesson to learn here is not about a new method or strategy or anything like that. It's simply to do what I've always done with greater diligence and discipline. As always.

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
I have copied the safety checklist here. It is from post #8. It's more as a reminder to myself, but I hope it helps you to be reminded

====================================
Safety checklist

In my strategy there are no strict rules – you have to understand what is happening on the chart and use the trading tool between your ears. But there are some basics, which I call safety checks. These are things every trader should use for every trade. Basic common sense. I think that if you applied these safety checks properly, you could probably trade ANY system successfully.

1. Dominant trend: Check the trend direction on the next time frame up. I use H4, so I check what is happening on D1. It doesn’t have to be officially up/down yet just as long as it is clearly heading in that direction. It also helps to have a look at what is happening on the next TF down (in my case it’s H1). Sometimes you can see details there that are not clear on your trading TF. Comment: Based on my conversation with josi above, perhaps also check what the weekly is doing (the HHTF from H4). Also, you might choose to be stricter about the HTF (and also HHTF?) not having to be "officially" up/down.

2. S/R obstructions: Avoid trading into support or resistance – this could be horizontal levels or inclined levels as in trend lines or channels. Also, what looks like a strong uptrend on H4 might just be a pullback leg on D1 within a down channel. It would be foolish to buy at the upper boundary line joining successively lower swing high points.

3. Enter when price is close to the EMAs, which means you should avoid entering when there is open space between price and the EMAs. Here the rubber band is stretched, so price is likely to bounce back before it continues with the trend.

4. Avoid long/explosive bars, enter where the bars are short or “quiet” (and such bars are usually close to the EMAs).

5. Avoid trading into price extremes – look at the monthly or weekly chart to see if price is at a long-term low/high.

6. Beware of "old" trends. No trend continues forever, so if a trend has continued for a long time (e.g. it starts in the lower left corner of your screen and goes all the way up to the top right corner) it is an old trend, probably getting tired, its life expectancy is reducing rapidly (as with all of us eventually ). It might continue still, but as a safety precaution, just walk away. Wait for a fresh trend to start.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Here's something that will ruffle a few feathers!!

I have been going through old files in my forex trading folder. It's an interesting journey back in time. But I found the holy grail lurking there - the Buy-Sell indicator!! So today I decided to create a trading strategy with it to help you get rich quick!

I decided pretty colour-changing lines are critical to its success (green on the way up and magenta on the way down). And to add to that I used that 4-MA setup I found the other day (just for you, josi ). It uses Fibonacci numbers: 5, 8, 13 and 21, because they are magic, right, so they must be important. And the 55 EMA (also a Fibonacci number) in dull grey to give a trend indication.

But seriously, given what we have now learned, and applying the safety checklist (go back and read the first paragraph in the previous post again), do you think we could use this buy-sell indicator and make money? Have fun!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
a man's gotta do, what a man's gotta do!

magical thinking has already caused many a bankruptcy, so off you go...

As to MAs:

let's say price equals MA period 1 (just for fun's sake):

that would mean a D1 simulation on H4 ought to be something like period 6, right (H4x6=D1)

that would mean a W1 simulation on H4 ought to be something like period 30, right (H4x6=D1; D1x5=W1)

that would mean a Mth simulation on H4 ought to be something like period 120, right ((H4x6=D1; D1x5=W1; W1x4=Mth)

So your 8,21,100 are pretty close to the real thing. And what is even better: they don't have to be magical, mystical but simply mathematical... (Fibonacci, of course, is also highly mathematical - just not relevant for trading....)

[P.S.: did you see how USDCHF came back yet again? And now compare this to GBPCHF - this is where the fun was.]

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
I should mention that this buy-sell indicator post was just a bit of fun. Not to be taken too seriously, so please don't start engaging with it and discussing it. This thread is about MA crossovers, not formula-driven indicators like this one. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Not much going today. Many of the pairs are in very long trends that I'm not keen to enter. Has anyone else met with any success today?

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
This has been going on today. It's a double top pattern on AUDJPY H4. The daily shows an established downtrend.

A good thing about this double top is that the second high is lower than the first, which shows a more certain weakening of bullish sentiment. So it should go down.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Target reached.

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
I don't normally like to enter trades on a Friday but didn't want to miss this one. It is based on the 3-EMAs aligning signal that I have used and posted about previously. So it's not the 3x3 method (3 EMAs aligned on 3 TFs) but, to be precise, the 3x1 method
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
This trade might not work, but it should ... I looked at every one of the yellow (3x1) signals on AUDNZD H4 this year and without any filtering or application of safety rules this exercise produced 6 winners of 150 pips each and 2 losers of probably around 80 pips each. I looked at just one trade after each arrow, not "follow-up" trades in the two long trends that I saw. There were several B/Es at 50 pips. With a little bit of filtering and care the two losses might have been avoided.

CADCHF produced 5 winners, 10 losers with trading every yellow arrow. But most of those trades I would never take because they were where price and the EMAS were far separated, very stretched, so realistically it would have been 5 x 150 pips and maybe 4 or 5 losses of around 80 pips each.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Here are some examples of the above no-trade setups. In all three cases when the yellow arrows show up, price is stretched away from the EMAs and there is also noticeable space between the EMAs themselves in most cases. There are also explosive bars involved in all three. These say very loudly "no trade".
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the other hand, this is an example of a "pinch trade". Price went into tight consolidation where the EMAs and even price itself pinched close together. Then it exploded out of consolidation. This price pattern and response has a high probability and is very valuable.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
I put in an order for EURJPY on Friday as I saw a retracement in an uptrend, maybe I should have waited untill today and might have chosen a lower entry price, but still this is another proof that the strategy to trade pullbacks works fine, I think. In fact, this trade was opened exactly at a MA crossover, although the bullish arrow still has to come. I will move my SL to BE and my TP is at 160, wait and see, we have now freached a critical level

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Well done!

Note that you are now at a resistance level that is the highest price reached since 2008. As you say, it is a critical level. So, while price might easily continue, it might be prudent to take profit at this level.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
This AUDNZD trade did not work, but luckily I was able to get out at B/E. I was too keen to get in on the trade in the first place and didn't pay sufficient attention to the fact that the daily chart is going sideways. I need to be sure that the trade is more obviously supported by the HTF trend.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
This AUDJPY trade was based on an EMA crossover signal. Then I saw the chart pattern and placed the TP at the lower boundary for a 70 pip trade.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Stopped out.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
this looks pretty
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

not as pretty
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and pretty messy
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and some people like it both ways
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

chances are slim for all of them...

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Fibonacci, of course, is also highly mathematical - just not relevant for trading....)

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
I am currently focussing on just two types of setups.

1. 3-EMAs aligned with D1 trend in agreement.

2. 2-EMAs crossover with D1 trend in agreement.

But what does "in agreement" mean?

In the 3-EMAs setup I am still a bit undecided. It might just be something like "as long as D1 is obviously heading in that direction", or it might need to be the stricter requirement that all three EMAs should be aligned. In the 2-EMAs setup (on H4) I am clear that all three EMAs (on D1) must be aligned in a setup that looks like this.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
EURUSD D1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDUSD D1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBPUSD D1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDJPY D1 - Trendline Broken
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDJPY H4 - Waiting for retest of D1 trendline and/or break of H4 trendline
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I scan for trends using 8/20 emas. I draw trendlines and wait for a trendline break. After the break, I will drill down 1 or 2 timeframes below, and enter with an inside bar (Breakout-Pullback-Continuation / BPC) or wait for the retest of the trendline (Breakout-Pullback-Retest - BPR). I use fibs for targets (138.2%). Will elaborate more if I managed to catch any trade.

D1 / H4 / H1 for swing

H1 / M15 / M5 for intraday

Multiple pairs. Choose the nicest looking setups. If you set targets with the bigger timeframe in mind, you should have very favourable R:R from 3:1 to 6:1. Then it becomes an exercise of entering as many good setups as possible to let the edge play out.

Also, take note of correlated pairs and don't enter 2 similar setups with strong positive or negative correlation.

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
EURUSD M15 Trendline broken but no pullback available for entry
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURUSD M5 also no entry
Attached Image

These are intraday setups. I will not post intraday setups often and focus on the OP's swing approach because I don't want to detract from his original method. I will post some relevant intraday setups when they coincide with larger trends just to explore how bigger R:R can be attained. Or at least i hope so

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Example of target (which i just missed on EURUSD M15 ). I normally target 138.2%. You have to draw the fib in reverse, from the breakout point (100%) to the retracement point (0%). You can see on price just hit 138.2%.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What's usually happening price breaksout at 100% and rushes towards 138.2%. Then, profit-taking happens and price retraces back to the point of breakout at 100%. At that point, you can consider a second entry (your standard S/R breakout retest entry) but I don't because of unfavourable R:R. You also might get taken out if price retraces deeper.

If you are confident, you can shoot for 161.8% which is also a typical target. A more conservative target is 127.2%. You can consider partials at these different points as well.

Sometimes, I will draw fibs the normal way and shoot for the -38.2%. These offer massive R:R.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That's it for targets.

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
EURUSD M15 pullback to EMAs and trendline broken. Position moved to breakeven.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Entry on M1. Retest of back of trendline. I used a Buy Stop Order.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit 1: Wanted to show the original stoploss on M1.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit 2: Taken out at BE - M15 chart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
USDJPY H4 Setup
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Entry on M15
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Stopped out because i forgot to move to breakeven. In any case, it's still a failed setup.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
It's interesting that even with almost the same EMAs being used, your approach has significant differences. For entries you use breaks of trendlines, and by drilling down to LTFs, I assume that the EMA crossover on your trading TF hasn't developed much further? What do you do for confirmation that there is a new trend in place?

Thank you, yes please, do stick to the swing type trades. I am finding that at present such trades are very few and far between. Most H4 charts are either showing very long trends (old ones, likely to go wobbly soon), and many are at chart extremes, or else they have given signals but the D1 price action is still in the opposite direction. It feels like we are waiting for something to break, but it hasn't happened yet.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
USDJPY H4 Setup Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Entry on H1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Approaching TP of 138.2%.

Edit: TP reached. And before incoming news too.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
This one is ambitious.

EURUSD D1/H4 Setup
D1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I waited for the break of the D1/H4 trendline. Then i waited for price to retrace to the back of that trendline on H1.
H1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I further drilled down to M5 and drew another trendline and waited for that break and entered. Overall target is the D1/H4 138.2% for a 1:20 R:R. Very ambitious but that's the whole point of drilling down to a lower TF. I can comfortably set to break even and just trail now.
M5
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you didn't want to drill down to M5, you could take a more swing type entry on H4 or H1. Wait for a full body red candle break, then a up green candle. It can retrace to the back of the trendline, or it can be an inside bar (which indicates a more breakout situation). Set stop orders and set targets using fibs or even weekly highs lows since this is a swing strategy.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Yeap, the EMA hasn't travelled further. If you wait for the EMA to travel further, you're at risk of missing the move. But your style of entry would be more suitable for that. I'm trying to enter near to the point of retracement. You can add confluences such as S/R levels, Significant levels (Previous Weekly and Monthly High/Lows), Fib retracements. I don't have any confirmation if a new trend is in place. I eat the loss and move on lol. I will enter a max of two times. If I get stopped twice, then i abandon the setup. Because of my LTF entry, I am able to secure a greater than 1:2 R:R which allows me to cover a sequence of losses. The idea is to successfully catch a few big R:R trades which will hopefully override the small shitty losses - let the edge play out.

A new trend is when a new 8/20 cross over and retracement happens. Or, i just go find another pair and timeframe. MT5 would actually more suitable for this due to so many more timeframes available to comfortably swing trade.

Posted 2 H4 trades for you. One of them TP'd already

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Stopped out at break even due to news. Could have aimed for a smaller target. Oh well. Live and learn.

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
I hope i'm not detracting too much from your original method too much @AlistairC. I'll stick to swing setups H1 and above. I just want to show a different method of entry. I will stick to very clean simple setups. It's essentially a breakout and retest strategy with 8/20ema as the trend filter.

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
I didn't realise you had posted this. I'm in the same trade!

D1 is in a strong and well-developed uptrend, in fact a bit old and it's one reason I have hesitated in the past. On H4 price and the 2 EMAs are above the 100 EMA so when I got a bullish crossover signal I looked for a suitable entry. Now at B/E.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
I'm fine with it as it is in essence an MA crossover system. Have you seen how walvekarraje uses the fibos for targets on this thread? https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...7#post14452337

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Take a look at this canabilised ichimoku system ( one trend line) - might interest you. Apologies for digression from your original post.

Video from about 25:25
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
The Ichimoku system intrigues many traders but I don't know if anyone uses it successfully and consistently. The adaptation shown in the video is basically a single line / price crossover using just one line from the many in Ichimoku, the Kijun-sen.

So it ends up being a variation on what many traders use, which is a single MA system, trading when price crosses an MA. In fact, an MA of 1 is basically the same as the actual price, so we could say this is an MA of 1 period (i.e. price) crossing an MA of xx periods (commonly 50). And so it's not a major digression from what we are doing except that in this video example we are using an Ichimoku line, not an MA . The basic rule for the Kijun-sen system is to enter when price closes on the other side of the Kijun-sen and exit the trade when it does the opposite. There's more to it from about minute 29 in the video where he refers to a baseline.

This is what it looks like - you'll have to click on the chart to see the line because it's quite dark to see on the thumbnail image here.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Thanks for the prompt reply and analysis Alistair. Much appreciated.

I din't want to mention baselines etc just to keep it simple, but if you think it important I will have a look. But the chart you have put up on the line alone is impressive

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Let's not delve into this; it's an interesting one but I'd prefer not to follow it. There be rabbit holes. But it's out there for fellow traders to explore at home, if that takes their fancy, both the price / MA cross idea and the price / Kijun-sen idea. Incidentally, to create a chart with just the Kijun-sen line on it, load the full Ichimoku system and set the colours of all the other components to None

Having spent some time looking at this system I don't want to endorse it.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
I entered this AUDNZD trade on H4 earlier today. I used a buy limit order, which I seldom do, in order to get in close to the EMAs. Now I have to hope it really does turn around and go with the dominant trend. As security, the entry is sitting right on a support level.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Using the 3x3 system (3 EMAs aligned across 3 TFs) there is very little going on. I am waiting for a flood of these trades to start appearing maybe during next week.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
I have been looking at how you use the fibos to set targets. As I mentioned previously it looks very similar to how walvekarraje does it. Could you give me an idea of what your typical target size in pips is on H4?

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
And then there was one.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
I have just received this signal on GBPCHF H4 showing all 3 EMAs are now aligned. But I won't take it because on D1 the trend is still down. The OGT indicator at the bottom shows this, and a glance at the daily chart itself confirms it. It might work, but hope isn't the best way to make money. Rather be more certain (and then hope for the best ).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
There's 2 ways of calculating fib projections and they depend on how you draw the fib.

Method 1 - Measuring the Impulse Wave

The standard way would be to draw the fib from the start of the impulse wave at point A at 100% to point B at 0%. Point C would be your retracement. This retracement could coincide with whatever confluence of your liking. S/R, Imbalance, Divergence, Trendline Bounce, Trendline Break. The extra sauce is up to you.

Projected targets (measuring from the 50% retracement)-27.2% - 62 pips -38.2% - 72 pips -61.8% - 94 pips -100% - 125 pips (aka full extension)  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Method 2 - Measuring the Retracement

This is a more conservative TP approach. Instead of measuring the impulse wave, you measure the correction wave from B at 0% to C at 100% and use fib extensions as targets.

I normally target these 2 fib extensions. Assume we enter at 50% at point C.138.2% - 60 pips 161.8% - 72 pips  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

These are more conservative targets and you're working under the assumption that point C will hold as a swing point. More interestingly, you will see price tend to stall at 138.2% and 161.8%. Of course, that's not always the case, but if you draw these fibs, you'll notice price will very often go to these levels to the pip. On multiple time-frames. There's nothing magical about this. I think they are just very common projection targets.

There's nothing fancy about using fibs. They're really just a simple percentages to measure retracements and projections. The underlying concepts are your basic 123 and ABCD patterns. Nothing ground breaking. 8/20 ema serves as a trend filter. You use fibs to set entries, stoplosses and targets.

A simple positive R:R systemPrice is trending as shown by 8/20 ema cross over. Measure a strong impulse wave.Set limit order at 61.8% SL at 100% TP at -38.2% This will always result in a more than 1:2 RR as long as you trade bigger timeframe   Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can improve on this with candlestick patterns, confluences, etc. The problem here is that strong trends don't tend to retrace to 61.8%. They tend to be shallower at the 38.2%, sometimes not even. And you would need to target further fib extensions in order to yield a positive R:R.

But the concept is simple. Trends and pullbacks.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Could this be a turning point in USDCHF currency pair? Price is now above 100 MA on 1D, on the weekly chart we see 8 consecutive week of rising price and breaking the downward trendline of the past 6 months, at what point would you consider this a reversal?

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
That's an interesting question and not easy to answer. One answer I found (from a respected source too!) is that a reversal is a change in the price direction of an asset. Well, thanks for nothing!

It depends on your timeframe. A reversal on a 5 minute chart is just a minor blip on a weekly chart, so we need to look at it within the timeframe we are working with and probably on the next higher TF to confirm.

The most useful definition I have seen is that a reversal is when a pullback keeps moving the other way, to a point where the trader believes it is safe to trade it in the new direction. So when do you feel safe to trade a pullback in the 'wrong' direction? That could be:when price closes on the other side a trend line (hardly a reversal unless confirmed with something else really solid) when your preferred MAs have crossed (and should be confirmed with something else depending on whether it is low-number MAs and how many MAs you are using) when you can see a series of higher highs and higher lows after a downtrend or vice versa (and possibly confirmed with something else) When the new trend breaks above the most recent swing point in the old trend (confirmation optional). So has USDCHF reversed? On H4 yes, and yes I would trade it, on D1 it's early days, and my preferred 8/21/100 EMAs have not re-aligned yet, so some might trade this, I am still waiting, on W1, it has crossed the trend line, but has not closed yet so this might become a reversal but it's not 'ripe' yet and we need to wait.

The above is just my ramblings, not an authoritative statement. It would be interesting to hear other people's comments.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
This has been a topsy turvy week, and mostly very slow-moving. I am ending it with a small profit, but nothing to get excited about. I had one proper loss and two proper wins, but lots of manual closes when the markets seemed to be drifting back and forth, going nowhere.

Eventually I decided to use eurusd-thijs's EA trader (v12) on manual - signal only, to catch potential trades (valid ones using the 3x3 method) without me having to monitor the messy charts. I have scanned all 26 of my charts this morning and not one is fully aligned (I am using M30/H4/D1 currently). They all look something like this.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Incidentally, I recently asked eurusd-thijs to help me complete an EA (not one that belongs in this thread) that another coder was struggling with, and he has nailed it and improved it significantly. I'm very happy with the quality and speed of his work .

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Some modifications and additions. These are the strategies I am focussing on this week.

1. The 3x3 method using version 12 of eur-thijs's excellent EA, set to manual, so it gives signals but doesn't place trades

2. The "yellow arrow signal" that appears when the 3 EMAs become aligned on H4. I can then check the HTF for trend direction.

3. A new idea, sort of, which is just two EMAs, 8/21 across H4, D1 and W1 using OGT to identify them, call it the 2x3 method if you like! My logic for this is that waiting for just 2 MAs to cross gets me in earlier in a particular trend, but to reduce risk the 8/21 EMAs on D1 and W1 must be in agreement with H4.

I'm not sure if the markets have become more active this week, but I have enjoyed good success with this 2x3 approach so far with 1.5% account growth banked and another similar amount still running, might bank that later today (hoping it doesn't disappear!).

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
I'm pleased with the way this week has gone. And I think I'm on to something good with option 3 above, the "2x3" method. With the daily and the weekly in alignment with the H4 trading timeframe, it means the force really is with you, so as long as the safety checks are all checked/ticked, then it seems you have a high probability trade going. What it has meant for me is that when there is a pullback after placing the trade, as long as the OGT dashboard or the EMAs Trader EA data window look like the below, then there is less anxiety due to the higher probability of the trade resuming in my favour.

OGT dashboard showing those pairs where the EMAs are all aligned
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EMAs Trader EA window on NZDCAD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BTW, these two show 3 EMAs even though it's the 2x3 method because both require three EMAs to function, so I'm using 8/21 with 10 added in as a dummy. It has little effect on the result.

If you aren't sure about this, the minus signs (or + if the EMA slope is up) represent the slope of the 3 EMAs on that particular time frame. So in this case, not only are all EMAs crossed down, but the EMA lines themselves are also sloping down.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
It's totally none of my business and I don't want to interfere at all. Just a caveat (you know already but maybe not all of your readers)

What strikes me is the fact that you seem to confuse causality and correlation. (As most people tend to do in most areas of life etc)

You came up with an adaptation of a running system and had a good week.

And now you think the dashboard(s) you use have been tweaked in such a way that they can be trusted etc.

These dashboards (and EAs) are - as far as I can see - based on MAs.

That means (logically) that - doing what they do, formula-wise - they produce false entry signals during ranges.

A pretty old study once mentioned that markets trend about 30% of the time and are in ranges about 70% of the time.

If that still holds true that means that - on average - 70% of the time your system will be prone to some false signals.

To me that means two things:

a) you cannot trust the dashboard (EA) because some times it will work pretty well (at other times it may be worse than chance, i. e. without an edge)

b) the adage - always trade in the direction of higher TF - isn't wrong as such but will produce pretty late entries (and bad trades, once the trend has ended but the the end isn't as yet signalled by the MAs)

So the way around this dilemma - I think - is to always look at the charts you are trading. If price is clearly in a trend on H4 (HHs and HLs vs LLs and LHs), then it is likely to continue for the time being - and that's it.

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Hi josi, thanks for this timely reminder. Unfortunately, your critical tone and the fact that you addressed me directly with inferences that I would promote blind acceptance of signals are offensive to me. Perhaps you could have chosen your words more carefully. Next time you "don't want to interfere" in something that is "none of your business" either don't do it, or consider your words more carefully before you do.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Of course, I apologize, if I hurt your feelings.

For some ridiculous reason I still think that the "exchange of ideas" (if a real exchange is intended) first and foremost means criticism of the other person's claims (etc).

For some ridiculous reason I still think that this critical exchange is what threads should be about.

But people who start threads, start them for a reason: they demand praise from their followers (and praise only).

Criticism (of any kind), sadly, makes them feel uncomfortable, under attack, defensive, angry etc.

So really, for them it is about feeling, self-perception etc instead of exchanging arguments.

Maybe it is about time you put me on your ignore list.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
... one point i gave in the round. Every combination of moving averages do not work on its own. It make a huge difference using averages within further aspects market gave us.

I use nearly same combination for pickung up momentum trades, AFTER i check the "wider" view. What are the psych levels in the near? We ar near a round number? We have "room" for the trade before we got into field of multble interests? Only trade the averages lead often to frustation, lead often to the hunt for the golden settings. The problem is the view. The problem is ignore basic market behaviour. Do not think marekt is wild as a waterfall or vulcane, change the view and you get the clue.

So first get the right place to trade then use averages to finetune entrys. We want moving price for making profit. Averages so near the price is focusing on momentum. Is momentum around every corner? Must momentum go to a preparing stage?

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Market goes from balance to imbalance and back. Moving averages work pretty good in the phase of imbalance, BUT do a bad job in phase marekt balance. Now you can say i pick a higher average and all is good, price do not touch it. But what have you done? Represents the average now the price action? What will a high average point yet? This is the danger going that way.

Following averages that blind is ignoring the basics. I trade long enough and i have hands down used thousands of combination and hundreds indicators to filter out "false" signals. All these does not the job. The only job that count is to realize that market is build around cause and effect. Cause and effekt. Not build around a mystical combination of averages.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
trade the timeframe .... not the instrument.

trend is directly related to the timeframe YOU are trading.

first design a strategy/syetem  to trade, select any instrument which fits your system in which timeframe. trade the instrument in that timeframe

plan the trade and trade the plan....

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
This is interesting, and what should one do with it?

These two AUD pairs are heading in opposite directions on all three times frames AND the plus/minus signs show that the EMAs themselves are also sloping in the opposite directions, without exception. (This is using the 2x3 method - but with 8/10/21 EMAs, which is as close as I can get this to a standard 8/21 crossover setup). I suppose the official answer is to examine each one carefully, go through all the safety checks and if they pass all the checks, then trade them. I would still feel anxious about doing that, like I would be guaranteeing one will be a loser. Comments?

AUDCAD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDNZD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
I would take a look at NZDCAD if I had to make a decision abt which one to trade and in which direction.

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
We have a "pinch" on AUDUSD H4 where the EMAs are all close to each other, basically a consolidation. Breakouts from consolidation are very common, so we can expect a breakout at some stage. The trick is to catch it. One option is to place a stop order above/below (or both) of the consolidation, well out of reach of any false breaks. Another is to wait for the usual pullback and then enter. We don't know which way it will break, but as D1, W1 and MN1 are all bearish, my money is on a break downward.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Still in this long USDCHF trade, this week FED rate decision, let's see what happens. Watch how on the 1D-chart the short term MA already crossed the 100 MA and medium term MA is about to cross. On the MA crossboard everything green except D1. IF we get above the 0,9 level, there might be quite some potential. My guess ...

SL set on break even and waiting to decide on TP, nothing to lose!

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
i will trade AUDUSD on daily ttimeframe as per rules of the thread......

daily candle close below 8 ema...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Well done, nice profit waiting!

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
why not trade H4...

simple .... there is no trend on H4.

the price action is moving above and below 8/21 ema on the chart.. there is no trend Attached Image (click to enlarge)

what i mean to say by .... trade the timeframe

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Exactly, that's what I call a pinch - everything pinched close together, i.e. it is going sideways. This spells opportunity! Because many times, price will explode out of consolidation like this and we need to be able to catch it without getting caught in it too early. Or wait for the subsequent pullback and enter more safely then.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
a simple question . will you go short at the upper end of the pinch or the lower end ?

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
i dont nderstannd the trick ? please elaborate

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
A pinch is just my term for a normal consolidation, but because we use EMAs in a visual way, we can see that the EMAs are very close together. When we get such a situation, a breakout is very common.

The standard strategy for trading a breakout is to draw trend lines above and below the consolidation and to place a stop order outside one or both of those trend lines. If it is clear which way the break is likely to go, then just one stop order is required. The trick I was referring to isn't a "trick" (sorry, that's a figure of speech one might use in English that doesn't translate well). It is to avoid being prematurely triggered by a false break, so the stop order needs to be a safe distance beyond the trend line.

This H4 example shows a very long pinch and the breakout is explosive. The trend lines help define where the edges of the consolidation zone are and the stop order needs to be (on H4) at least 10 pips away from that. Giving away or sacrificing those 10 or so pips is nothing compared to what we get from the eventual breakout. In the example below the consolidation / pinch goes on for a long time, so it is easy to be triggered far too soon and possibly get into trouble, which is why giving it the extra space is necessary. That's the "trick". The daily chart is below this one and the consolidation zone is just visible in the centre of the chart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is an extreme example of a pinch. Just looking at it we have no idea which way it is likely to break, and looking at the daily it isn't much clearer, except that price does seem to be edging up.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Of these two, I got lucky and did not trade AUDNZD (it seemed like AUD was bearish across most AUD pairs) but did go with AUDCAD.

One of my safety checks is not to trade into S/R, and this trade has a support level not far below my entry, so normally I would have walked away from it. However, that level had been sitting there for some time and I took the risk that it would break this time. So far, it has worked out and hopefully the support can now be called resistance, which makes the trade safer.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
I have found that using the 2x3 or 3x3 method gives me much more confidence that a trade will go in the right direction, even when it pulls back into the danger zone. Previously I would have started feeling stressed and taken evasive action like closing a portion of it to reduce risk. Now I can be more relaxed about it, knowing that very likely it will come back to me.

Of course, in the past a quick flip though the different timeframes would have given me the same info, but to have it nicely summarised on the OGT dashboard or the EMA Trader info box is so much easier and better.

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
It broke the other way, but I didn't trade it because it is against the dominant trend.

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Very dominant!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
i will trade AUDUSD on daily timeframe as per rules of the thread......

daily candle close below 8 ema...

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
and it did go with your dominant trade .... i suppose you were watching this pair .... did you trade this ?

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
how did your pinch work out ?

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
MA Crossover System that works for me

please show some trades in real time .... with chart.... explaination of entry/stoploss/ target.

let us know how well it works for you ....

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
I have had no suitable trades the last two days, but I can report that I have made 7% profit on my account so far this month.

Most of the trades that comply with the 3x3 method are in very long / old trends at present and some are at extreme levels, so I am not keen to trade any of those even when valid signals come up. It leaves me with very few that I can trade without going against my own safety checklist - I have traded some of those anyway but I can't post them here. When I get a signal that is suitable I will post it with explanations.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
GBP is bearish across the board. This one (GBPCHF) has caught my attention because there is a lot of "energy" stored up in that consolidation zone. If it closes below the S/R level on the daily I'll look for a suitable entry. One option will be to place a sell limit order at the S/R level to catch a possible pullback. Or else just the usual 3x3 setup.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Last hurdle before a potential rise to 0,94?

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
This resistance level is quite a significant hurdle, but once it breaks above that it has quite a lot of clean space to move into. Good luck and hoping for the best!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
as you said

"Of course, in the past a quick flip though the different timeframes would have given me the same info, but to have it nicely summarised on the OGT dashboard or the EMA Trader info box is so much easier and better."

just a weekeng exercise of usung 2x3 method on a single chart using ma in color mtf indicator .....

Attached File(s)   RAJESH MA IN COLOR 2.mq4

9 KB
|
181 downloads

Attached File(s)   RAJESH Ma in color (mtf) D1.mq4

11 KB
|
187 downloads

Attached File(s)   spudfan 2x3.tpl

4 KB
|
173 downloads

may be you need not flip through diffrent timeframes if you can see all the info in a single chart.

please note... 1. i have been using ma in color mtf indicator for my trading since long....

2. i have renamed and modified it to my convinience.... all due respect to the original coder.

Alistair sir, you are very good at mannual backtesting and i respect you for that ( i know this from our guppy thread)

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
I received a sell signal from version 12 of eurusd-thijs's EMAs Trader this morning when I switched on. I went through my safety checklist. The only concern is the long leg down on the daily, but that has been though a refresh / shakeout, so no big deal there. Also, price has been dropping since early 2021, so I also considered whether it has reached the end of that road, but once again, I don't think that's an issue - it's not near the bottom and has plenty of space to go down into.

This trade follows the 3x3 method (3 EMAs aligned across 3 TFs, see the OGT dashboard strip), but in fact W1 and MN1 are also aligned so make that 3 x 5! Seems the force is with me in a big way.

SL at 44 pips - it is above the most recent swing H4 high with some extra space for comfort. TP is at 53 pips - not at the lowest recent value, but a bit up from there in case price reverses before getting all the way down to the recent daily lowest level. So here we go ...

So @walvekarraje, that's about it. Is there anything I might have missed out in my explanation?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Here's a trade (CADJPY) that got a valid signal but I did not take it because it is at a high price level (buyers getting cautious, sellers getting interested?) and also right below strong resistance. First are the top parts of D1 and W1 charts showing the high level and resistance, followed by H4. Note the OGT strip at the bottom of the H4 chart - very promising, but dangerous if you follow it blindly.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Then comes the most difficult part: at what point do you decide to stop a trade, USD is very strong, I have a trailing stop at 150 pips, if we get through this point, next target would be 0,94 ... to be or not to be?

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
This is indeed the most difficult part. You're already up by 300 pips - that's an amazing trade already. (Well, I think it's amazing!).

Either you exit according to some known and clear rules, then your own discretion and emotion don't have to come into it. Or else you have to balance out many different factors - is price overbought, is it up against resistance, likely to pullback soon, what does the daily or the weekly tell me about possible future movements, can I cope with the emotional challenge of letting it drop back in the hope or belief that it will continue further up if I leave it long enough? Etc. But I think the main questions now are more about you and your psychological make-up. I know I don't cope well with the stress of leaving a trade running for a long time. So I tend to go for nearby targets and, ideally, get out before the first pullback. But you seem to be made of stronger steel. You have to decide!

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
In fact, I have started taking even shorter trades but with larger lot sizes recently. This crept up on me without me noticing. Today I sold EURUSD and set my TP at 30 pips, which has just been reached. You'll see why if you look at the H4 chart. This wasn't a massive trade, but decent, in and out in about 5 hours. The per minute return might in fact make it one of my better trades. But I'm happy and it was low-stress. My account balance for the month is now up 9.1% but I have several trades still running that might come back to bite a bit out of that. Clearly, I am a short-term trader by nature. It doesn't make it right, or better. You must do what suits and works for you.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
I closed this trade manually at almost break-even. I noticed across the other AUD pairs that AUD seemed to be strengthening, so I decided to preserve my capital and get out rather than stay with it and hope for the best. There's more where this one came from, so I'm ok with getting out, even if it does end up going down.

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
Indeed, closing a trade depends on personal opinion, I just closed the USDCHF at 0,9131 as I see that on the weekly basis it will be a very strong resistance? I might be wrong and closed too soon, but with a 330 pip profit + swap rate this was one of my best trades so far. Thank you Alistair!

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
This is a great trade, well done. I didn't want to say it, but at 330 pips profit and a strong resistance level right there, I would have closed this trade. But watch it now take off! The thing is to be happy with what you've achieved, not upset about what didn't happen for you in the future. Unless what you have done is a repeating bad habit that keeps you losing. That's a different scenario that would need to be addressed.

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
my thoughts .... always trade in 2 lots ...

(I) in any trend trading system.....

1)  the high of the entry candle ( if you are short )  and the low of the entry candle ( if you are long )  is never broken.... so...

a) entry has to be at the close of the candle. not at the high/low of the candle

b) the initial stoploss should be the high/low of the entry candle with a minimal buffer. ( NOT the swing high/low )

2) TP of one lot (of the 2 lots you have traded) is 1:1(+spread)  ... this is a very tiny target easily acheived.

3) once this is acheived, means that you will not loose in the trade.... your SL is still (( b) the initial stoploss should be the high/low of the entry candle with a                  minimal buffer.) ))

(II) once your trade is at no loss .... now think of profits .........for the remaining one lot you hold

1) target

a) a simple 1:1 R:R / 1:2 R:R

b) use fibo targets

c) use ATR/ADR of the timeframe tou are trading for targets

2)  trailing sl

a) trail SL to 8 ema

b) trail SL to previous candle high/low

c) many a times you will realise that after hitting your trailing sl the trend continues.

i) you are still in profit in this trade so look out for other opportunities

ii) go to lower timeframe and re-enter the trend.

Plan the trade and Trade the plan

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
my standing applause for your acheivement sir.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Hi everyone. very interesting thread. this is my pending order on eurgbp. this should be a bullback and then resume the climb. how about? there is a resistance nearby, be careful Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Thank you for posting your trade! Your analysis on H4 was exactly right. Price has now resumed the climb. My concern is the strong resistance between 0.8700 and 0.8720. Normally I would not trade this. Better to wait and see if price breaks above the resistance and then enter. This pair is also a bit overbought - look at the increased distance between the 100 EMA and the other EMAs. the vertical distance of that open space is currently 50 pips. Often when this kind of expansion happens, the pair is due for a refresh / big pullback or even a reversal. Go and look at the history and see how many times that happens and the conditions and pip distance when it happens. None of this is about predicting the future, just trying to calculate the probabilities.

Good luck and keep posting!

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
i have 11 year in forex market and i dont like the ma  very bad  in range movment

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
You are quite right, trends are in fact good for most trading systems. And that's also why we try to avoid ranging conditions and go for trending conditions here. I have found that the 3x3 method that we have developed together on this thread has been very successful. Eurusd-thijs made an EA for this that has a manual setting that provides signals. This allows the trader to take complete control of the decision to trade or not. I have attached a copy of version 12 here. He did make more versions but this is the one I prefer.
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 12.ex4

119 KB
|
207 downloads

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Today has been frustrating for me. I suppose the forex markets are a bit confused, or slow. On my chart there is currently a breakout, but have a look at the alternating green and red candles before it, back and forth most of today. Yet look at the OGT strip bottom right - all red.

I placed this AUDUSD trade earlier today and it's gone almost nowhere. Only now has it gone into profit, apart from that big spike down. That spike missed my earlier TP because it was too far - a whole 20 pips! So I moved the TP up to just 16 pips and I have waited since midday for something to happen. And even now, it's been just a few pips from the TP for some time and just can't get there.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Nothing much going on today that meets the 3x3 criteria. I have received several signals but I don't want to get involved with them. For example EURUSD. The weekly certainly looks promising, but the H4 chart has moved steadily down with almost no refreshes. In my opinion (which might be wrong!), this trend is very old now and the odds of it continuing down as it has been doing are greatly reduced. It just seems a better option to sit on the sidelines and wait.

The way it might play out could be a pullback on the weekly (there are already 11 consecutive red bars, so a pullback is surely on the way?). This will be a big move up on H4, and i expect that might be followed by another bearish leg down. I would be interested in trading that new leg (if that's how it turns out).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Similar story on EURCAD, but in addition there is a clear support level just below. My strategy here is to wait until price has broken below that level and look for a trade once that has happened. Note the head and shoulders formation on the daily. Measure the pips down to the tip of the completed arm - it's about 900 pips (~1.42 down to ~1.33)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
TF DAILY

EURCHF is breaking resistance at 0.91490... waiting for pull back. Enter?

EURGBP has tested the resistance at 0.86539 and is a corrective pullback underway?

USDCHF it quickly broke the resistance at 0.91490... in the red daily candle. shall we enter the max?

EURCAD broken support at 1.42380. are we waiting for pulback?

EURJPY in trade range.. will Long or SHOrt break it? at the moment I would say short

USDJPY stop it... shall we get into the race?

GPBAUD pullback underway

EURAUD in trade range

GOLD broke a support

US500 broke a support but I don't like the current candle

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
AUDUSD

sell stop at 0,63281

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
On EURCAD, it has broken through support very nicely with yesterday's daily bar. We could enter right now ("at market") but as there are more than 70 pips back to the resistance level (not that a level is defined by a single line), that is a bit of a stretch to cope with if it does retrace all the way back. Having said that, there was a minor consolidation as marked with the yellow box on H4. That would have been a valid entry point if we had been awake then. So I'm not entirely sure, but my instinct is to wait a bit and see if we can get in on a pullback. I might even place a sell limit order at the resistance level.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
I use several different templates that I flip through at the change of every 4-hour candle. The 2x3 and 3x3 ones are obvious (I think), but I thought I should show you my 2MA crossover template and how I use it. Those little red/green arrows appear after the 2 MAs have crossed over. We get many of these crossovers on our charts, most of which are not suitable.

The 2MA crossovers that I am looking for are where all three EMAs are aligned, but where the two faster EMAs have just crossed over. In most cases this means that the entry is very early in the new trend.

There are 4 examples on this chart.

1. YES. The first one is great - everything is already below the 100 EMA and the 2MA crossover happens on a bearish pin bar. This crossover also has a small consolidation zone that lasts for 3 more candles after the pinbar and makes a perfect place to enter.

2. NO. Against the dominant trend, EMAs not aligned.

3. NO. The EMAs are not completely aligned.

4. YES. The price bars have dropped through the EMAs, which suggests momentum, and all three EMAs have just come into alignment. You could enter at the base of the crossover candle as it's not too long, or you could enter below the consolidation area that follows in the next 3 or 5 candles.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
I have had another look at EURCAD and it is in a long or old trend on H4 without many big pullbacks - almost nothing goes beyond the 21 EMA the entire leg down. When I see this it makes me nervous, surely time for a bigger correction soon?

But anyway, if we were going to trade this, price is moving steadily towards the red resistance line so a sell limit order at that level is looking like a good option (unless that bigger price correction happens right now!).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
And so it was - if we had placed a sell limit order at the resistance level / red line it would have been triggered by now. Let's see what happens next.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's see

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
its D1 not H4

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Do be cautious here. There is a trendline and a horizontal line converging on the same place. If you want to go long on this pair wait for price to break through that resistance. Just because the OGT trend indicator might show a whole bunch of green boxes (in this case it doesn't), doesn't mean price MUST go up. We can use that indicator to alert us to a possible trade, but that's when the real work begins. We have to examine the charts and go through the safety checks (see safety checklist copied below - point 2 applies exactly to this example).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
I have copied the safety checklist here. It is from post #8. I hope it helps you to be reminded

=================================
Safety checklist

In my strategy there are no strict rules – you have to understand what is happening on the chart and use the trading tool between your ears. But there are some basics, which I call safety checks. These are things every trader should use for every trade. Basic common sense. I think that if you applied these safety checks properly, you could probably trade ANY system successfully.

1. Dominant trend: Check the trend direction on the next time frame up. I use H4, so I check what is happening on D1. It doesn’t have to be officially up/down yet just as long as it is clearly heading in that direction, although you might want to be stricter about this. It also helps to have a look at what is happening on the next TF down (in my case it’s H1). Sometimes you can see details there that are not clear on your trading TF.

2. S/R obstructions: Avoid trading into support or resistance – this could be horizontal levels or inclined levels as in trend lines or channels. Also, what looks like a strong uptrend on H4 might just be a pullback leg on D1 within a down channel. It would be foolish to buy at the upper boundary line joining successively lower swing high points.

3. Enter when price is close to the EMAs, which means you should avoid entering when there is open space between price and the EMAs. Here the rubber band is stretched, so price is likely to bounce back before it continues with the trend.

4. Avoid long/explosive bars, enter where the bars are short or “quiet” (and such bars are usually close to the EMAs).

5. Avoid trading into price extremes – look at the monthly or weekly chart to see if price is at a long-term low/high.

6. Beware of "old" trends. No trend continues forever, so if a trend has continued for a long time (e.g. it starts in the lower left corner of your screen and goes all the way up to the top right corner) it is an old trend, probably getting tired, its life expectancy is reducing rapidly (as with all of us eventually ). It might continue still, but as a safety precaution, just walk away. Wait for a fresh trend to start.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
I got a 2MA crossover signal when I switched on this morning. It looked good because everything was below the 100 EMA and the 8 EMA had just crossed below the 21 EMA. I entered at the base of the crossover candle.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Just received this MA crossover signal. Definitely not taking this one even if it was mid-week.

Please note that today is week-end, month-end AND quarter-end, so the big money people will be doing position squaring today and forex prices might do unexpected things. Don't be exposed to this later in the day. Just close-up shop.

Happy weekend everyone.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
i took a similar trade yesterday on cross over.

white vertical dotted line is my entry candle. 2 lots as ususal. my initial SL was at the 50% fib which i have shifted to BE. my first target is at TP1 is already reached. i have kept my profit of one lot at fib TP2. will close one position today at end of the session and carry one lot for next week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
retailers open the market and proffesionals close the market......

feels like this is a breakout trade which i have entered at the right time. so i am trailing my SL to the support for both the lots and my TP for one lot is now at fibo TP3.

either way i wlii be in profit so i am not scared to carry this trade over the weekend

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

plan the trade and trade the plan....

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
my trailing SL was hit so i ended in a descent profit.

new entry .... vertical dotted line is entry candle. 2 lots.. SL and TP1 in place. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

will shift my SL to previous candle high if trend continues downward

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
the trend did continue  in my favour... a marubozu candle..... so i shifted my SL to the high of  this candle... now it is a very low risk trade
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

dear Alistair, do the previous 5 candles qualify your "Pinch"? will you take a trade below this candle?

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Not by my definition of it, which includes the third EMA.

Would I take a trade? Based on H4 alone I would be cautious, and the daily might be oversold, but the weekly shows no reason to hold back once the current refresh on H4 has completed. The weekly shows a support level at 1.2070 to 1.2000, but that's far enough away for day traders.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
sorry i didnt understand 1) which 3rd ema and how will it affect the pinch ? 2) what do tou mean by "once the current refresh on H4 has completed." ?

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Here's a good pinch. If you add the pip distances between the three EMAs together, the closer to zero that calculation gives you, the better. And after most decent pinches there is almost always a decent breakout.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
got it. thank you very much

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
"Refresh" is just another term for pullback or correction. It can also be called a reset, where a long or "old" trend such as we have on GBPUSD H4 is refreshed and we can then take it as a "fresh" trend. That's the theory according to some that articles I have read. I'm not entirely convinced, but where the higher timeframes are still looking good in a certain direction (bearish in our case), then I guess if H4 pulls back significantly there is no reason why it should not continue in the dominant direction, hence the idea of a refresh or reset.

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

fortunately my TP1 is acheived.

as far is refresh/pullback is concerned.... this pair had already given a nice retracement to 50% of fibo before i entered the trend (as you can see on the chart)

1) 50% retracement

2) 8/21 crossover signifying continuation of the trend. 100 ema sloping down.

3) higher time frames agreeing to down trend....

all were good enough for me to pull the trigger. (my entry was at the close of a bullish doji ).

4) next marubozu candle increased my confidence in the trade.

5) trailing SL very close to my entry took out the risk in the trade.

now the question remains how to handle my second lot..... i dont want to exit too early at the same time i dont want to loose my profits .

any suggestions ?

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
this is how i plan to do it....
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i have shifted my SL to 8 ema now.

i am using APB candles. will wait for apb candle to turn bullish (lime color) and then shift my trailing SL to the high of that candle.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
That sounds like a good plan for managing the second half of your trade. If your method gives high probability trades then trying to squeeze every last drop out of a trade doesn't seem quite so important. Perhaps simply winning many of them and losing few is a better strategy.

Noting that day trading seems to be what suits me best, I decided to set a fixed target of just 60 pips (adjustable according to S/R levels etc). So today I placed two trades. One reached my target of 56 pips and I closed the other manually towards the end of my day for 11 pips. And just that got me 2.07% growth on account. It doesn't seem right, somehow, but I've checked the numbers and it's correct. Perhaps closer targets and larger lot sizes is the way to go, especially that the 3x3 method seems to give mostly good trades with few losses.

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
I received a signal from our EA this morning to go long on EURGBP. Although it is not ideal (ref the safety checklist), it's okay, so I placed a buy stop order, which has since been triggered. I adjusted the set 60 pip target to 28 pips, so this should be one of those that happens all in a few hours (and has me smiling at the end of the day!).

This is the EA info box for this trade. Not only are all three EMAs up on all three TFs, but the slopes of those EMAs are also all up (the + signs show this). How can one not be confident to trade this? In my case there was a pullback after the trade triggered. Normally I would have felt a bit stressed by this, but I was able to deal with it with much more peace of mind. The trade is now back in profit.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note the "alerts" comment - that is because the EA (version 12 in this case) is set to manual, so all it does is provide signals, or alerts, and leaves the rest to the trader. I like this very much.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Today I got a 2MA crossover signal on CHFJPY that I accepted (I have been rejecting most of them). And it is paying off, quickly too. SL has been moved to B/E, TP is 60 pips.

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Stopped out at B/E. Pity because it then went down far below my TP.

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
"Stopped out at B/E. Pity because it then went down far below my TP"

rather than larger lots .... multiple lots with entry at the same price... so you can book profit and also trail stoploss ? that is why i say two lots.... one target acheived...trail the second lot at BE...or second target

"Stopped out at B/E. Pity" no loss is much better than loosing capital ..

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Agree, there's always more where that one came from.

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
" i have been rejecting most of them"

why have you rejecting them ?

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
Because of the usual safety checklist issues - against the dominant trend, close to support/resistance, near the (possible) end of a long trend etc.

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

reentered the trade with 2 lots . m30 chart 8/21 crossoverand marubozu candle.... now trading with 3 lots. SL for all 3 lots at BE.

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

trailing SL (all 3 lots) to high of apb bull candle (dotted red vertical line)........targets for new 2 lots in place.. trading in profit even if my trailing SL is hit..... no risk trade

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Is this 8/21 EMA strategy similar to the  Safety Trade System?

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
I haven't heard of the Safety Trade System. The MA crossover method described in this thread is here for you to see - read the first post for a summary, although since then I have added the 100 EMA, but the approach is the same. Once you have read what we do here you could draw your own conclusion.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
I had no trades yesterday, and so far nothing today. This is the current list of currency pairs (of 26 charts I have) that are aligned / trending (3x3 method), and GBPCHF is going sideways - have a look at the weekly chart. It promises a big breakout, but I'm not interested in trading it now.

The important point about this is not to force trades against market behaviour. You're safer out than in when it's just not working.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
When the previous H4 period closed I received a new signal on AUDNZD. I would have liked to get in earlier in the trend but there have been two big pullbacks, so maybe it will settle back into a steady trend now. TP and SL are both 34 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
This trade moved very slowly during today and there were times I was tempted to close it while I still had some profit on the table, but I stayed patient (all 4 TFs from H1 to W1 are down) and now it has started moving quicker. Hopefully my patience will pay off.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Helo Alistair

have you test the cross of ema 12LW and 21 Exponential?

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Hi Eod, no I haven't. But here is what I said in my first post of this thread:

I use an 8/21 EMA strategy. There is nothing special about those two numbers. No magic. You could use Phillip's 10/21 EMAs or 10/25 or 6/15, or 12/35, whatever.

More important than which EMAs you use is to stick with the ones you have chosen and get to know their behaviour. You will gain nothing from hopping from one set of EMAs to another trying to get the best ones. There are no best ones.

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
Target reached with the first H4 candle of today. It spiked down and straight back up again to form a pinbar but just reached my TP before reversing.

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Placed this USDJPY trade today using 3x3 EA signal.

And it's not going well ... 35 pips into loss right now.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Could it be that this trade does not match your rules? Considering this a 4h uptrend there was a pullback and you would place your order above the top of the last pullback candle, which imho would be at least 149,25 and preferable even a little higher? So, doing this, the trade would not have been triggered. Or am I wrong?

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Yes, if I had placed the buy stop order just 5 pips or so higher it would not have been triggered. It's a difficult one. Place the stop order too far from the EMAs and there is inevitably a pullback first before it continues. Place it close to the EMAs and it can be triggered too soon. But in this case, with the recent crossover and all green bars leading up to my decision to buy, it looked right, and the 3x3 setup was in place, 3x4, actually, so there was little reason to be ultra-careful, not that I could see.

And looking at the daily, the current pullback is just a short red bar that has now reached the 21 EMA, nothing scary or remarkable there. As a precaution I have reduced my lot size a little, but for now I'm still expecting price to continue up before it reaches my SL. And if it doesn't it's just one of those things.

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
I am watching these 2 AUD pairs which both give a bearish crossing on the AUD. On the EUR/AUD pair all 3 EMA are close to each other which could be a good starting point for a longer trade, the AUD/CHF pair also has all 3 EMA close to each other and this pair tends to show longer trends in 1 direction, so also might be a decent starting point. I would just trade one of both, I would think the CHF one might be the better choice. Any take on this?

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
EURAUD and AUDCHF, would most likely move opposite to each other as AUD is a common factor. The OGT dashboard for each pair shows this, but neither has fully aligned yet. Once they have you still need to do a final assessment and safety check. I tend to agree with you that AUDCHF might be a better bet, but let what you see on the charts when the time is right guide you.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
My trade for today. So far this month has been a bit messy for me, but I am 1.3% up, so I can't complain.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Hi walvekarraje,

Is that 100EMA, 21EMA and 8EMA that you are using in your chart?

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
So far, so good ...

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Yes. Ma in color indicator

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
As AUDCHF gives a negative swap rate, it is not interesting for very long trades. I was able to close this one with a 60 pip profit.

Adding to this thread: as a 'young' trader, I notice that my main losses have almost always been caused by too tight stoplosses.

When you learn to trade, it is always teached that your TP should preferable be twice your SL.

Of course, it's hard to find obvious trades with decent high TP.

So when your potential TP is eg 100 pips, you should have a SL of no more than 50 pips, this is bound to generate many stopouts.

Would an additional condition to enter a trade not better be to have a SL of at least 1 ADR?

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

emas 20-50-100 in h1 picture demo but watching it to enter long in real

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Does anyone have same issue with MA Crossover Alert indicator which AlistairC shared

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Nice trade today. almost reaching 1st TP.

Will book 2 lots and  shift SL to BE for remaining 2 lots, when target is reached. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
That's interesting - I am in almost the exact same trade (entry level 109.60). And price moved smoothly up to ~109.98, which is right where your target is, and then pulled back down again. So the first burst happened and now price is taking a breather, gaining strength for the next burst. My target is higher up, based on chart structure, so I now have to endure the pullback and hope it recovers and continues, while you have the pleasure of green pips in your account!

So the main difference here is where our targets are - you seem to take profit fairly quickly - and thereby get out before the first burst fades. That's a good approach. Did you place your target by using a fibo level?

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Most likely it is that the EMA settings in the arrow indicator are not the same as the EMAs on your chart. Check both and make them the same. Hope this helps!

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
When i change fast moving average shift to 0 from -1 it's looks normal now

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
nice result, but a SL of barely 12 pips seems bound to generate many quick stop outs?

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Looks promising

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Hi kadak I'm not sure what system or method you are using, but all of the higher TFs show a bullish bias based on the 3 EMAs aligned approach (I use 8/21/100 EMAs). It's true that H1 has now turned down and H4 looks like it might follow suit, which could mean that a reversal overall is underway, but then it might not. The daily, shown below, is very clearly moving up. So while things might work out for a short trade, the odds are stacked against it at present.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
I'm just using MQLTA Ma Crossover Alert indicator which you were share it and my EMA's are 8 and 21 and i look only h4 chart i think i need to read all thread again looks like something missing. can you share with me your current template and indicators please

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
I have attached the crossover indicator that I use and also the OGT trend dashboard. I think it's better if you spend time playing with this because it has a lot of options and once you get to know them you will find it very useful. Just remember that this is just a dashboard - once it shows what you set it for, perhaps 3 EMAs aligned across 3 TFs (the 3x3 method) it is not a signal to trade. you must then go and check out the charts and make your own decision.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Here are some ways you can use the OGT trend dashboard

One way is to set it to show all pairs that are actually trending (and you can ask for trending on 2, 3 or more TFs). This one is the 3x3 method - 3 EMAs trending on 3 TFs
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another is to show trend status across all charts. It seems it is set to display 25 lines. My last one (EURJPY) is outside the border but it is still visible.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Finally, you can ask it to display for the current chart only
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
What just happened . Stopped out very suddenly on this CADJPY trade.

Here it is on M15 to show how quickly it happened. And now it's almost back to where it was. Does anyone else have this spike on their charts? It's actually on all of my yen pairs. Some bad news from Japan?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Thank you so much now i'm gonna set it and start to playing with it

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Right now my chart looks like this i have 3 EMA's 8/21/100 and i set OGT Dashboard

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
See my previous post on putting a higher SL of minimal 1 x ADR, I am also in the EURJPY as I am convinced it will start going up again, I could have been stopped out various times already, but thanks to my SL far below current price (which I can adapt anytime if I should have the feeling things are turning), my trade just continues while the swap rate keeps giving me daily benefits. I really think SL is much more important than most of us consider

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
By the way, same thing happened on the Nasdaq

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
I was thinking along similar lines. On another forum I was part of a long while back one of the respected members commented that after doing some backtesting research he found that price very seldom exceeded the recent swing point (where the SL might be placed) by more than 20 pips on a daily chart. So your post started ringing the same bells.

Just to clarify, when you say SL of minimal 1 x ADR, do you mean the ADR averaged over the default 14 days? So in the image below, which comes from apo on this thread (https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...9#post14430349), should I use 50.7 or 37.4?

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Assuming it should be the 14-day average value of ADR, this would certainly have saved my CADJPY trade today.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Indeed I use 14 days, today it's 120, for this pair it seems like an absolute minimum to me

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
This EURCHF trade triggered earlier this morning. I got a signal from the EA and after checking I decided to take it (I find I reject more than I take). One reason I might have rejected this one is that it's close to a long-term low and is at the end of a long trend. So the odds of it going down further are lower than they were when the trend was young. Target is 40 pips, SL, based on Uru-trader's idea of the ARD, is 49.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
This is what the full OGT dashboard looks like across 5 TFs (8/21/100 EMAs). I have started using this at least once a day just to get an overview of what the charts look like and to see if there is anything I should go and have a look at.

You will notice that my currency pairs are grouped, which gives me an overview of each of those too. NZD, for example, is obviously bearish, but EUR is all over the place (based on my use of 8/21/100 EMAs).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Target reached. Nice day trade, in and out within a few hours. It helps to have had a small target.

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Similar to the previous one. This is AUDCHF, also moving nicely.  44 pip target, 50 pip SL based on ADR.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Target reached overnight

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
This is copied from an earlier post. I use it for almost every trade. Very useful to manage lot size.

==========================================================================

I use an App to place trades because it calculates the correct lot size for me automatically. It's better that you download it yourself so that you get the correct files. Place all of those files directly into the MQL4 folder https://www.earnforex.com/metatrader...ick-trade-pro/

This is what it looks like on the charts.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To open it click on the first image, I think it's a pen. Then you can enter your SL distance manually and it calculates the lot size accordingly. All the other settings need to be entered into the inputs dialog.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Still in the EURJPY long trade, sometimes it helps to look for a broader view and add some technical analysis. The pair has first been ranging between 158,5 and 156,5 with several times being rejected at both levels, then you see this triangle with higher lows but upside limited to 158,5, a 'bullish triangle imho, so 'technically' the pair is bound to one moment break out of the triangle, most likely upwards in the direction of 160 and if it breaks that to 170. Could today be the break?

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
To get a broader view I look at the weekly and monthly charts. The monthly shows me an overbought situation, so based on that I would be cautious of buying from here. The weekly, however, shows consolidation that could easily break out in the direction of the dominant trend (that's what the theory says about breakouts), but that overbought condition, hmm ... But just a small move on MN1 could be 500 pips, so on H4 maybe there's still plenty of room to the upside.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
I didn't have a great day yesterday. Altogether I placed 5 trades and all of them promptly went the wrong way, some by quite a lot. One got stopped out, even with using the ADR value for the SL, but the others turned and are now moving in my direction. One of those reached its target during the night, so that makes things better!

Strange how some days are so different from other days.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
This USDCAD trade just triggered.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Clearly broken out now, getting close to target again - unless BOJ intervenes because of USDJPY reaching 150 ...

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

entry..... 2 lots.... TP i achrived, booked profit of 1 lot.... now trailing SL for second lot.

TF H4. trading as per rules of the thread.

no risk trade...

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
Very nice breakout trade.

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

will target TP3 ..... at the same time, will trail SL

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

SL to previous candle low..

time to look for new trade.

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
This trade gave me a hard time - pulled back and it took ages before it recovered. Have a look at the daily time frame. If I had been relying only on H4 I would have been more concerned and might even have closed this manually as it didn't look too promising, but D1 looks perfect, no reason to worry about a bit of a pullback. So I left it running.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Another one
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
My USDCAD trade has just reached its target at 1.3781 for a 60 pip profit. Good luck with yours!

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
I entered this GBPCHF trade yesterday. It dropped nicely but has now gone into consolidation mode. Hopefully not for too long and hopefully it will explode out of that soon and reach the target
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TP1 reached . booked profit for 1 lot. two more lots in profit. trailing SL for both and TP2 for one.

2 more trades in profit.

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
I have had a good last two days so far - 3 winners, one closed manually for a small profit and no losers. I have just checked gains since 1 September - account balance increased by 16%. That's mainly using the 3x3 method or variations of that.

This GBPCHF trade has been moving very slowly, no hoped-for breakout from that consolidation yet.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Closed manually for a small profit.

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
This EURJPY trade keeps giving me a hard time. As shown in the blue square on the daily chart, I entered the trade after a pullback in an uptrend, aiming to sell just before touching 160. The price pushed higher and the trade was triggered, but it fell back the next day without the TP being reached. As seen on the 4h chart, the price since then has been ranging, and seemed to finally break out earlier this week, but once again not reaching TP and falling down once more. The advantage of this type of trade is that you get recompensated for waiting, thanks to the swap rate, equalling 1 pip each day. As this has now been going on for +2 months, the swap rate already equals more than 70 pips, giving an extra margin for SL. The uptrend still seems valid, evaluating the trade itself I would say that I probably entrred at a bad level (158,5), although I did not recognise this as a support/resistance level, so I wonder where I got it wrong? For now, I will hold on to the trade, USDJPY managed to get above 150 this week without Japan intervening, so my 'hope' is that the current dip might be the last one before we shoot higher. As always, any take on this from more experienced traders is more than welcome

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
I don't have much experience with long-term trades; I try to be in and out the same day or in 2, max 3 days.

However, what I notice on the higher TFs is that they appear to be overbought, as do many of the JPY pairs. Price might well continue up, but my instinct (honed on intra-day trades) is to get out while the going is good.

For the sake of the exercise, go and look at the spaces between the 3 EMAs, even measure the pip distances and compare the current values with what you see in recent chart history. You might find that this pip distance is greater now on W1 and MN1 than on most other "stretched" occasions. And on most such occasions a big pullback is usually the result. On the other hand, it is known that the probability of a trend continuing is greater than the probability of it reversing. On the daily chart the price bars are getting closer and closer to the 100 EMA. Often this is a sign that price is getting ready to drop into and even below the EMAs.

Another useful exercise is to look at all the JPY pairs and then all the EUR pairs. What do they seem to be doing long-term?

But I'm really not sure what your best course of action should be. I can only speak for myself.

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Throughout all of yesterday I received only 1 signal from the EA, EURGBP, and I decided against taking it. And that was with the EA set for 3x3, 2x3 and 3x2 variations. And so far the same today. I'm wondering if the long trends we have seen on many pairs recently are beginning to turn.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
I hope I didn't persuade you to get out of your long-term trade. EURJPY has taken off!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
No, I dedcided to hold on to the position: target reached and half of my position sold at 159,98, I will now put my SL for the other half to BE and let it run ...

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Well done, I'll stick to day trading!

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
What's your settings for this can you share with me ? it's not showing recommended lot size on me

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
EURJPY 1 hour looks good till now

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
It will give the lot size after you enter your SL value. It needs it in points, not pips. So if your SL is 50, enter 500

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Now in GBPAUD it's broke trend in 4HR and give the crossover sifnal in 1 HR after candle close. Let's see how it will be

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Is the strategy still going on as indicated in the first many pages (have read the first 10 pages) or has it been modified?

If so, is there an updated post with a recap of the strategy somewhere?

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
TP hit but i was closed early after the news..

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Another 4HR trendline break on GBPJPY and got signal after 1 hr candle close i am in. Let's see

Edit : This kinda sus because price still above 100 EMA

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
It's already give me signal if i was in when i got signal was on profit but i'm waiting for break the support zone i trust this setup

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Catched EURGBP this morning

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
I see you are using a trendline breakout method for your trading. The EMAs show a bearish condition so it means you aren't using an MA crossover method. Have I understood correctly?

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
I use trendlines or supply demand zones are secondary confirmation it's just makes me feel better about trade but my priority is crossover always i look for MA crossovers

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
This was sus trade but i'm targeting this sup area

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
I am interested to know if anyone has experience using the system of this thread on stock indexes (S&P, Nasdaq ...) and if so, does it work?

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Yes, it works with indices etc, but it's important to be familiar with the behaviour of these instruments. They behave a bit differently from forex. Also the scale or size of the numbers you work with, and calculating lot sizes, are quite different. So if you are familiar with these differences then there's no reason the method we follow here would not work.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
I'm busy with an interesting project. Teaching someone to trade who knows nothing about trading and has only a mobile phone to work with.

There are only the basic indicators provided on Android phones, so no EAs or dashboards such as we use here, so I cut it right back to the basics.

Trading timeframe: H4

Higher TF: D1

8/21/100 EMAs on both.

When the EMAs align on both charts (=3x2 method) look for a trigger candle on H4. Trigger candle is one that opens 'inside' the 8 EMA and closes 'outside' it (same as used on our EA).

Yesterday I showed him how and where to place the SL and TP. It's very early days, but exciting to see him grasp this very simple method so quickly.

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
I'm thinking that this thread has served its purpose. I have learned a lot from it and have been able to focus right in on what works for me and I believe many of the traders who visited here also found value, I hope so.

I wish to thank everyone here for their posts -they were valuable in many different ways. eur-thijs, in particular, has helped us all with the EA he created. I am now using that EA (version 12) on a manual setting as a way of getting trading signals based mainly on the 3x3 method (3 EMAs aligned across 3 timeframes) but variations of that all the way down to 2x1!! Of course, I don't accept every signal, in fact I reject most based on my safety checklist. (BTW eur-thijs is a very good coder - if you need anything done, drop him a DM).

I also find the OGT trend dashboard very useful and have recently taken to using the full dashboard - all pairs showing all TFs based on the 8/21/100 EMAs - that gives a very useful overview of trend behaviour.

Perhaps the most valuable lesson from all of this is to trust the system and leave trades to run. Knowing that multiple TFs are in agreement is powerful and gives me courage to stay with a trade.

Good trading all!

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Hi AlistairC,

Its been interesting following your thread, its not the way I trade so I haven't commented but it has been an interesting journey on a well managed thread, best wishes for your continued trading, Dave

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sir, it was a pleasure intereacting with you. my trading has improved a lot because of your insights. especallly when not to trade ....

best of luck to you

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
As a newbee in trading this thread has been very useful to me. I think in the end no ' one system' will fit everyone, but this type of thread adds to the basic skills any trader should learn. For me, personally, using the information received in this thread, I learned that probably the most important issue in trading is to wait for the best moment to step into the market. When you open your computer, do no want to be IN the market, you see lots of trend movements but tell yourself that it doesn't matter to miss out one movement (no FOMO!!), there will be enough opportunities. So the number of trades opened has gone down substantially for me and I try to buy or sell on pullbacks, with my focus being more on swing trading giving me better results.

I thank Alistair for sharing his knowledge, for answering all the questions, but also the other members giving free advice, this was really helpful and I wish all the people following this thread good trading results. Above all, enjoy!!

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Even though we've kind of signed off on this thread, I feel I have to comment on what I'm seeing in the forex markets. It seems big shifts are taking place with almost no trading opportunities using the 3x3 method (3 EMAs aligned across 3 TFs), and even when it's relaxed to 2x3.

It was not long ago that this full view of the OGT dashboard (using 8/21/100 EMAs) had all JPY pairs showing green from side to side. And many others showed at least a dominant trend direction across the main TFs, if not all. Look at it now. Three of those JPY pairs are now showing red from M15 right up to D1, while the others are red from M15 to H4. What a turnaround! The only pairs now that show one colour from side to side are CADCHF and EURCHF, and my hunch is that those might soon start turning green starting on the left side, given that both are at their lowest price since as far back as I can get data (~1993). I sometimes wonder how much, or whether at all, this kind of observation mirrors the state of the world. The dashboard certainly shows a confused state of affairs in the forex markets. Or perhaps a turnaround. That's my fervent wish for the world in 2024.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Hi josi

Very valuable conclusions

Thanks alot

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
Attached File(s)   EMAS Trader 12.zip

106 KB
|
207 downloads

version with expiry 2024.06.24

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
There is always more to learn!

I realised that the trigger candle concept is more useful than I originally thought. This is the concept that eurusd-thijs used for his EA that he very kindly made public on this thread. In the EA I have it set to send a possible trade signal when it opens below the fast MA and closes above it (for a bullish trend). I have marked those that qualify on the chart.

The benefit of using this is that most times it represents a breakout above/below the EMAs, but also ensures that price is not overbought/oversold, so the chance of price pushing quickly away from the EMAs is increased.

I have set eurusd-thijs's EA on just one time-frame (H4 in my case) and the trigger candle on the same time-frame. So when the EA gives me a possible trade signal I am actually being told I have an H4 trigger candle waiting for me to make a decision with. I have also worked out that if the next two higher TFs (D1 and W1 in my case) show just the fast and medium EMAs are also bullish/bearish, then most times I have a good trade waiting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
"There is always more to learn"

classical analysis paralysis

1) dont trade the insturment..... trade the timeframe.....

2) develop one strategy/system in a timeframe of your choice....

3) set the settings of your indicators to suit your timeframe.....

4) backtest your indicator settings in the timeframe of your choice.....

plan your trade.........

5) find the instrument which fits in your timerame and your  trading plan

once this is done..... trade the plan.

6) then comes your money management.... initial stoploss , number of lots... first target.....etc

7) lastly if the trade goes in your favour .... how to trail your stoploss to get maximum profit ?

there is no end to learning.....

plan the trade and trade the plan

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
"I realised that the trigger candle concept is more useful than I originally thought"

please explain in real time... entry, exit , stoploss, targets, lots, money management...

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
========================

Summary of the below (the short answer): The ideal trigger candle is one that takes place after a pullback and not too far from the origin of that trend.

========================

I can explain where I will enter using a trigger candle, but none of the other items you asked about because a trigger candle is just a good place to enter a trade. The rest is up to the trader.

Let us use a bullish trend as our example. A trigger candle is simply when a price bar opens below all three, or two or just the fast EMA and closes above all of them in "open" space in the direction of the dominant trend.

Notice that all of the trigger candles I have marked close above all three EMAs, in "open" space. When this happens and you decide it represents a good trade, you would usually enter it at the close. In the chart I previously posted (and again below) there are many trigger candles in the direction of the dominant trend. The first two I have marked on the left side are when the three EMAs have not yet become aligned, so if having all three EMAs aligned is important to you, you would not trade these. I would not trade the first one marked anyway because it is too explosive (long) and often price retraces after such a candle. The ideal trigger candles to go for would be the 5th and 6th ones because (i) the EMAs are fully aligned, (ii) they represent a breakout after a pullback, (iii) they are close to the EMAs so they are at the beginning of a new burst of energy and (iv) they are close to the beginning of this trend. The longer the trend lasts the less interested I would be about entering because no trend lasts forever, they all end somewhere, and I don't want to be there when that happens.

In this example I haven't looked at what the higher TFs are doing, but for a valid trade, at least one or both of the HTFs would be bullish as well.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
I am using a new variation of the EMA crossover approach that seems to be working nicely. It's still early days, so time will tell. I will post some trades as they happen to show what I mean.

This variation uses just 2 EMAs (I'm currently using 10 and 24 EMA) and 4 time-frames - monthly, weekly and daily (for trend) and H4 for entries. I wait until the EMAs are all aligned (EMAs all crossed up or all down) and ideally with clean space between the EMAs on all four TFs with the candles above/below them. The alignment across four TFs gives me a high degree of confidence that the trade will at least break even on H4, and more likely, go on to make decent profit most times.

I enter when price is close to the 10 EMA, or is a trigger candle (see previous post). The stop goes beyond the latest swing point, and I move it to break-even around 60 pips. Then I let the trade run until a candle closes in the wrong direction inside the EMAs. That's one way of managing the trade, but it's up to you - many people prefer different approaches to managing a trade.

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Dear AlistairC,

Thank you for starting this thread and keeping it clean, free of indicators and other speculation.

I already trade in a similar way, only MA's, based on pullbacks, but on 1h TF (to my surprise quite successfully).

However, I'm looking for something "slower" and that's why I was drawn to this topic.

I've just read all the posts from cover to cover so I'm really glad you wrote something just today after a few months of inactivity.

I plan to start trading with the original strategy, using the 8, 21 and 100 EMAs, aligning with higher TFs.

I look forward to your new insights that you announced in your last message.

vmd

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Thanks for your interest and support, vmd. You want slower - this is the strategy for you!! Waiting for the 3 higher time frames (HTFs) all to align and then for H4 to line up ready for a trade can take an age. I haven't been using this approach for long enough but I am interested to see if a whole lot of currency pairs all come into alignment at the same time. In the meantime I am finding this to be a far calmer way of trading. But then when a good trade does come up it's important to get into it and stay with it for as long as possible.

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
AUDCAD might be ready for a trade in the next 24 hours. The three HTFs are all showing UP and H4 might join them. Then I need to make a call on whether there is a valid trade waiting or not. But when the force is with you ...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
We got a brief attempt at a breakout but price dropped back into the channel of the "flag and pole" pattern. Still waiting.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)


===== 附件下载链接 =====

OGT Trend Dashboard v1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4334721?d=1668671877
PZ_InsideBars.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4336614?d=1668914509
Currency_Strength_28_pairs_EREBUS_MOD_Dark_Buy_Sell.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4338229?d=1669150045
2MA_Crossover  with alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4342446?d=1669749914
MA IN COLOR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4354281?d=1671190610
Ma in color (mtf).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4354282?d=1671190623
MTF MA Multi Pair Dashboard.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4357361?d=1671666161
i-supply-demand-zones.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4373674?d=1673796761
Yearly_Pivots.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4374013?d=1673842465
Yearly_Pivots.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4374014?d=1673842465
ApplyTemplateToAllCharts.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4384101?d=1674977985
SyncTimeFrames.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4384102?d=1674977987
MTF_HI_LOW.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4395336?d=1676290367
MTF_HI_LOW.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4395337?d=1676290367
SupDem Zone button.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4403834?d=1677244673
average-daily-range-adr-indicator (1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4460482?d=1684434461
2EMA.ex5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4477139?d=1686583961
EMAS Trader.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4477562?d=1686636638
EMAS Trader.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4477563?d=1686636639
EMAS Trader 2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4478906?d=1686755453
Attachment 4: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4479435
EMAS Trader 3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4479451?d=1686806690
EMAS Trader 3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4479451?d=1686806690
Attachment 4: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4480038
EMAS Trader 4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4480051?d=1686853924
EMAS Trader 5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4480086?d=1686859178
EMAS Trader 6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4480651?d=1686919629
EMAS Trader 6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4481595?d=1687117692
EMAS Trader Helper.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4481830?d=1687160149
EMAS Trader 7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4482162?d=1687187448
EMAS Trader 8.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4482278?d=1687198561
EMAS Trader 9.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4482300?d=1687201181
OGT Trend Dashboard v1.1.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4482590?d=1687242406
OGT Trend Dashboard v1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4482671?d=1687249109
https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/526921: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/526921
PSAR_Trail_mod Tommaso.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4484762?d=1687438994
MQLTA MT4 One-Click Trade Pro.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4486753?d=1687761520
EMAS Trader 11.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4486999?d=1687783958
EMAS Trader 12.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4487705?d=1687862764
EMAS Trader 12.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4487947?d=1687878072
EMAS Trader 12 T.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4488507?d=1687947561
EMAS Trader 12 Martingale.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4497360?d=1689162458
EMAS Trader 12 Martingale.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4500328?d=1689584291
EMAS Trader 12 Martingale.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4500812?d=1689627069
CL_I_02_GapMACross Alert 131026.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4507900?d=1690443867
CL_I_02_GapMACross Alert 131026.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4507914?d=1690444968
INDI STANDAR ALL TF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4507918?d=1690445389
2 MA Difference v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4510175?d=1690789792
bt2022.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4511082?d=1690874451
BT2022_Multipair for backtest.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4511194?d=1690881922
2MA Crossover  with alerts.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4520747?d=1692006176
buy-sell-signals.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4522843?d=1692195225
Colour MA lines.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4522844?d=1692195225
RAJESH MA IN COLOR 2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4550881?d=1695482480
RAJESH Ma in color (mtf) D1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4550880?d=1695482480
spudfan 2x3.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4550882?d=1695482481
EMAS Trader 12.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4553241?d=1695754317
2MA_Crossover  with alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4568580?d=1697524392
OGT Trend Dashboard v1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4568584?d=1697524592
EMAS Trader 12.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4618956?d=1703680165
