===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Hello Folks,

let me introduce very quick my trading system...easy and profitable ....and yes, there is nothing magical about this one

Time Frame H1 , but it works also in the higher timeframes as well!

All you need is a strong trend, a 100EMA and common sense. We only take trades in the direction of the trend!

Buy : Price is above the 100EMA, you place a buy stop order above the red candle. Stop is is under the candle. TP is 2R (R:R is about 1:2 or 1:3)

See Picture

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sell: Price is under the 100EMA, you place a sell order under the green candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is a perfect explanation from an user xkwist2001, who understands the concept:

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Here is a educational chart:

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...2883065http://

--------------------------------------------------------------------

The yellow lines with Entry/SL/TP are not an indicator. This is just the fibonacci tool from MT4. You can modify this tool like you want. See the explanation from a friendly user.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12871353

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Sorry if the strategy is nothing new here, maybe is usefull for anybody.

Be consistent and manage your risk properly!

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Couldn't be much more simple. Now watch everyone ask if there is an EA for it, or start adding indicators.

Please make your 100 EMA a different colour.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
I think it's very easy and profitable system. No magic, but amazing.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
HI!

i dont know may be its s silly question; i dont understand which type of red candle in the uptrend,or a green candle in downtrend we sould look for to place stop order.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Thanks my friend. Yeah, people always try to complicate systems. They cannot believe the Power of simplicity...

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Hi Hamza, its kinda retracement bars in strong trends. Like this one :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stay safe

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Hey Minotawr, thanks for the thread.  I believe Hamza may be questioning which red bar specifically an order should be placed above.  In the example, the order is shown on the final red bar before the trend continues.  But one cannot know this from before.

As I understand it, we place an order above every red bar that forms, with the idea being that more likely than not, if the retrace is continuing our order will probably not be triggered.

Please correct me if I'm wrong.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Do you have an EA? It's probably a good idee to ad an oscillator. And use SAR and fractals too.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
In the chart above where you highlight the red entrancement candle, why did you not trade the red candle before that one or even the one before that?

--- 帖子 #10 ---
That should read retrace candle.

.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Good question my friend.

You set an buystop order above the first candle. If the second red candle appear and your buy stop order is not activated, you move your buy stop lower, above the second bar. If the buystop order not trigerred again, since the third bar is complete, you move your order again. I hope its clear...

In that way you has the best entry

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Hi af2493!

Thanks for replying and explaining.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
thanks dear for your simple trading system.in my problem was how can you correctly identify the last reversal (retracement ) candle ? how can you catch the last one

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Hi Sam,

you never know whats the last retracement candle is  Unless you can forseen the future.

In the Uptrend you move your buystop lower and lower, until the buy order is activated and hopefully the uptrend is continue...

--- 帖子 #15 ---
I`ve made another example, i hope it`s clearer now...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #16 ---
This is how the Trade 5 (sellstop order) should looked like...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #17 ---
How far above the high or low are you placing your entries and stops?

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Now you're confusing me.  Why are these latest examples shown on a daily chart?

--- 帖子 #19 ---
For a better example! The situation on this pair on Daily TF was very clear for the system. I also wrote in the first post:

"Time Frame H1 , but it works also in the higher timeframes as well!"

Stay safe

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Just the spread away

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Could you try to explain a bit more in detail for what exact candle you wait to place that buy or sell order above or below the candle?

Don’t understand it on your examples charts, there could be several candles for it to me.

How do you achieve a constant routine/results with such strategy? You could trade 1 setup per month or 1 per day, 3 per day, 10 per day. Do you trade for a fixed amount of time, then what markets for what hours?

A bit more information here would be highly welcome, thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
You place a pending order,buy or sell.  With the close of each candle you move your pending order accordingly until it is activated.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Exactly, my friend!  You got it

Thanks

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Please can you add more information? it feels a little bit insecure...

If the candles close above EMA 100 = LONG, it means that every RED candle is a trigger to uptrend?

Something not clear to me...

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Hi Iddd,

i trade the Frakfurt and London session. 1 trade per day for every pair. Mostly the major pairs.

Sometimes i see a good trend and setup on a daily TF, so i place trades on daily also.

Thanks for your questions

--- 帖子 #26 ---
, yep,..to simple,.needs more 10 indis,..s/r lines,..etc,.etc

--- 帖子 #27 ---
How many pips do i need to take away from the candle before placing the BUY/SELL STOP - should I?

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Hi Sick,

i dont understand your question. In an uptrend you place a pending buy order above the red candle. In a downtrend you place a pending sell order under the green candle.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
No problem buddy.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Thats right, well said

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Hello, do I see correctly here that he would have triggered but would then have run into the sl?

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Hi Ingo,

well, technically yes. But i wouldn`t trade this one at all. Because not a clear trend, this wasn`t a retracement but just choppy behavior.

Take care...

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Thanks , you can also tell such things

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Thanks for letting me know.

A picture maybe better to understand my question regarding the trade entry.

Attached Image

Here is what i did mean. There are 7 potential BUY signals which would have been stopped out before your trade entry example comes in play. So 7 potential losses vs 1 win. Hope i marked it correct, i am still not that much experienced.

Could you explain why you would not have taken the 7 losing examples? As far as i can see, all would have been valid regarding to the rules. Price Action is above the  EMA so the uptrend is in place, every time a bearish candle appeared and i would have placed the pending buy order.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
No EA yet?  I expected at least two by now.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Read again first post! You are doing all wrong.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
You want to set a pending order at the high of the last retracement candle and a stop loss beneath the low of the same candle on a long trade (if uptrend)

If there are candles that form lower after that candle, then move the pending buy and stop to that new candle.

As long as the 100EMA supports the upward trend direction.

And the opposite if it was a downtrend. I.e set pending sell order below and stop loss above the high.

If the 100EMA is not showing a direction (sideways)... Don't trade it.

Thanks OP for this, I really needed this method because my brain has been working overtime recently and couldn't think straight!

This has certainly got me back and focused again. Easy does it.

Great simple strategy that works!

--- 帖子 #38 ---
This method also works amazing to stack trades with higher TFS as trend direction confirmation (I.e 4hr & daily).

Then stacking with the 1hr TF.

But that's a whole other ball game if this thread was made purposely for beginners.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Crazy how it's after i become a profitable trader. I find 2 amazing, simple, and profitable strategys on this website lol. Nice strategy man . This is definitely what i needed to add more to my swings.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
This will never work long term obviously

--- 帖子 #41 ---
which is the second one??

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Thank you buddy,

this is a perfect explanation of the system

I am glad you find it usefull

This aspect is essential for the strategy. You have to move the pending orders, to take better entries.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Can you explain?

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Sorry Iddd,

i have to agreed with Forestralia. He's right. Maybe there will be a few live trades to explain it properly.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
This will work but I've found it works best if the higher time frames support the trend direction( 4hr & Daily) and then find entries on the 1hr TF.

The higher the TF you go up to for entries the more successful your positions will be but the longer it will take to so this can suit long term traders too!

Essentially what you get is that by using the pending order with a stop the trade won't open if the market goes against you.

Unless it spikes up and then hits your stop loss which after going back and looking, can happen... Rarely. I say that because usually it would be a characteristic of when news has been announced so I probably wouldn't have traded. But, If it happened to me I would just get right back in with another entry as It's the market, it can be unpredictable... If you don't like risking some pips to get in then its best not to trade.

However, if you get master the system then the odds will go in your favour most times with retracement entries because you're going with the trend and if you enter early enough on a new leg, you can add more positions and move old ones in profit to break even (no loss).

The old saying applies:

The trend is your friend

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Well said, mate. Agree with you on all points.

Most important is to find pairs with current strong overall trend and trade it in the direction. I think most beginners struggle on that.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Thank you! Stay profitable

--- 帖子 #48 ---
As soon as I read the strategy I was like... YES... Simple... It works!

What I love is that it's almost too simple or too good to be true.

I'm going to predict that the common cause for this strategy not making any money is when people start adding indicators from other strategies they were studying, making the chart look like a science formula.

Just stick with the OPs method and you'll be fine and dandy unless you're experienced enough to use certain indicators to support your decisions.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
hey , thanks .

where did u get the R:R indicator and how it calls ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Thanks for your help.

By retracement candle you mean the first candle that closed of different color? So if price is above the 100 EMA (up) the first candle closed red after green would be considered as a the retracement candle and then after it closed I would place the pending order at the high of that candle, the stop below and move on from there as long as it stays over the 100 EMA.

Does it matter how the retracement candle looks like, like body, length, wicks?

regards

--- 帖子 #51 ---
This will work very consistently. Of course you will still have some losers from stop raids, but overall for the long term this is a profitable strategy. Wouldn't recommend going under H1 timeframe though. In my opinion H4 above is best. Thats where a lot of people mess up strategies by going on LTF's and also they start adding indicators etc. They start seeing more losses, get discouraged, then say its a bad strategy. HTF filters out a lot of bad trades and keeps you in the right direction of the order flow.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
3 bar fractal break

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Yes. Me for e.g :-)

If you say „trend strong“ I guess you mean a well developed series of higher highs and higher lows or vice versa over a longer period of time? Or could you give some more example charts for it?

The question I always ask my self when I hear something like that is the following:

How do I know the trend will most likely continue? Isn’t it more obviously that when there is already a well established trend that chances are much greater it will turn around again pretty soon? So you buy high actually instead of buying low or sell low instead of selling high.

Wouldn’t it be much better to catch the „new“ trend at the very beginning instead of waiting for something already established? Then like said the question is how you determine what is a strong trend or what not, like do you want to see a well zoomed out chart of H1 to make nice series of swings from one to another direction or is one or two swings already enough to determine that strong trend or is it even better to switch to the next higher time frame so H4 in this case and define your trend on that price action instead.

I really struggle with that for long. Seems there is no clear answer or what is right or wrong :-/

--- 帖子 #54 ---
do you ever give credit to people?? all ive seen you do it slate systems . you are a dosser mate. probably think you are a master trader cus you got 1 pip on gbpjpy

--- 帖子 #55 ---
How do you know if it’s sideways at the time where you would setup your live entry. By looking at the past slope of that EMA as a overall by the complete left to right chart until current price action or only by looking what the EMA is pointing to for the latest available candle on such chart?

I mean it could drift to go sideways just at time of you entry and stays sideways for the next hours, days, weeks... even if it was strongly trending in one direction for the left side of your chart, but what does it helps to predict if it’s not going sideways at any time from there? The EMA is only calculated by the past right?

--- 帖子 #56 ---
EUR/GBP today with the perfect setup

--- 帖子 #57 ---
i took just one trade on G/U today, was a winner for 2R...

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Nice. Would it be possible to have an trade management like indicator handling to set the new SL/TP with each new candle once a trade triggered?

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Nice. Do i see it correct that the SL here almost triggered by the low of the entry candle? How much room in pips has there been, looks tight.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Nice thread and very simple method.

You've even encouraged me to put some colour back in my life!! Lord knows we all need some of that right now.

There are even opportunities to enter on retests to the original signal bars as well.

I was going the wrong way yesterday on a lower timeframe on this pair and would have been good as gold if I'd taken these trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #61 ---
It will not work long term, the wins one have is based on his own trading instinct like a child who rides a bike thinking that there is parent keeping wooden rode to learn the child how to keep balance and ride that bike. If you just cut off MA and trade it like you do - you will get the same results.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
I get the analogy but I don't understand what you mean by saying it wouldn't work long term.

The OP is riding this strategy like a bike and things come natually for him but it took me literally 2 mins to come to the conclusion that this can work long term.

Just set pending orders on the bearish retracement candle (in uptrend).

Obviously it can take time for some traders to grasp price action, but once its understood this can work universally.

If I may add, if you want to be safe you can just trade exhaustion candles off retracements closest to the 100MA in the trend direction and also make sure the H4 and D1 time frame is also supporting the trend direction.

Get a chart out and look for exhaustion candles off the retrace on any time frame above H1, I guarantee that you'll find plenty of entries that don't hit stop loss as long as its pending buy set at the top of the candle which gets activated later on.

We have to understand market structure of when not to enter and this will come with practice. I.e trade and look for entries during Frankfurt/London/US sessions and dont enter during Asian sessions as it tends to consolidate then.

This method DOES work but it takes common sense as the OP mentioned.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
If you check again, the entry opened but didnt return back down to hit stop loss. Sure, the trade would have been in the minus for a while but it eventually hit TP.

The best way to execute this correctly would be to understand retracements and the type of candles that form.

Most clear one for me would be the exhaustion candles when close to the 100MA in a clear uptrend as I mentioned above. Big candle movement seems to follow after.

Regarding sideways movement from your question earlier, this would be when the 100MA is basically sideways and isnt showing a clear direction (dont trade it)

You'll get better and better over time.

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Very nice explanations and clear thought.

If you have any images showing those lovely exhaustion candles and are able to post please do.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Thanks!

During the downtrend these setups are what I would have been looking for if I was trading it at the time. However, would work best when the trend is strong and clear.

Regarding the wicks though, I would only enter the longer ones if I felt the odds were on my side. Like if it was a new leg formed on the higher time frames.

Would much prefer to trade this on the H4 and use H1 to stack my trades... thats with my own style.

I have marked the pending SELL orders with the yellow pen underneath the candles with the arrows. The ? mark is because I'm not sure if I would have taken it at the time.

I dont want to deviate from what the OP posted but these are IF I was wanting to trade safely.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The below screenshot was from an old trade explorer I had years ago when I was testing on a demo. (I've only recently started using FF daily again during this boring lockdown).

Its basically what I was trying to explain regarding stacking them.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Nice one, my friend! Keep up the good work here  I appreciate what you do,  since i am not good on explanations.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Nice to hear, buddy ! I am glad to help. Feel free to contribute.

Yes, there was a nice opportunity on the next red candle.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Hello, can you take a look at gold h1 if this is the possibility to go short?

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Hello,

thanks for the good trading system, i am a newbie improving my knowledge on the way....

i am asking to you also which are the indicator names in the posted screenshot of the graph that identify the SL, the entry and the profit level.

Are the an add on or you just draw them for explaining reason?

If it is an auto calculator it will helps me as soon you set the SL or Reward target.

Thanks again to every body.

Paolo

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Just taking a look at this one on GBP USD.

Risk is well managed and I like how this is really pulling back hard into the 100.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Sorry Ingo, i am not trading metals

--- 帖子 #72 ---
yes, also on my watchlist

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Hi Paolo, this is not an indicator, This is just the standard fibonacci tool from metatrader. You can modify this one like you want

--- 帖子 #74 ---
EUR/JPY was a stunner...

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Killer move.

--- 帖子 #76 ---
EUR/GBP i am in this one. A small variation on setting the SL: if the initial bar is too small, i take a reasonable distance for the pair. Here is my SL about 20 pips

--- 帖子 #77 ---
good stuff, i'm trading slithy different but basic are the same. keep it simple

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Well done Minotawr!

Nice simple strategy - really takes KISS to a new level. I have traded a nearly identical strategy for a while but I use a different MA tool and have a simple bar count using the indicator when a reversal occurs. After reading your thread I also placed the 100 ma on to see what I could possibly improve on for my own method. I like the 1H also as it gives a nice R:R without too much stress monitoring it. If anyone is interested I will post with Minotawr's permission of course. Good Luck to all.

maahome

--- 帖子 #79 ---
This is not my thread, but always happy to learn.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Hi guys

This strategy looked simple but very effective to me so I decided I'm going to backtest it on EU. As I saw one of you suggested that if trend is supported by HTF the chance of winning are higher so I'm going to test it with 2 ema: 100 and 400, last one would allow me to have plotted the 100 ema of the 4H in the 1H, hope I've explained myself.

By doing this I'm expecting a more clear trend vision without jumping from one timeframe to another. I'll let you know how backtest will go in a couple of days.

I would like to thank @Minotawr for sharing this and @xkwisit2001 for sharing good insights.

Have a nice day

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Hi SunnyCoast - guessing from the handle you are from up Noosa way? If Minotawr is Ok with it I will post as do not want to hijack his thread and my method requires a few other things to be valid. Otherwise will send you a PM

Cheers

maahome

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Hi maahome, thanks for stopping by.

I am also willing to learn, but think it would be more usefull when you open a new thread. So this on will not get overload with differnt stuff.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Yes, spot on. Noosa is very close by.

Feel free to PM as I have 100% respect for thr rhread starter and what he is trying to do in keeping a very good method nice and simple.

--- 帖子 #84 ---
after a long wait, you immediately pull the sl to plus

--- 帖子 #85 ---
That`s sounds nice Jedi. I am looking forward to your results

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Agree 100% with you. I like that you have kept this simple and to the point - wishing you all the best and many green pips.

Cheers

maahome

--- 帖子 #87 ---
I think I'm going to test it on demo, it's quite intricate backtest this because there are much signals that most of the times overlap.

I've backtested 1/2 january 2020 EUR/USD H1 and got like 4/5 signals a day on average. How much trades do you take a day? And have you backtested this?

Have a nice day

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Hit my target on 3R and moved further south

--- 帖子 #89 ---
GBP/USD almost similar to yesterday, great move. I took half out on 2R, waiting for 3R. I hope you catch some

--- 帖子 #90 ---
EUR/JPY usually i am waiting for a deeper retracement for a reentry, but the downmove was very straight. So jumpes on this again. Waiting for 3R

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Thanks alot for the help.

Happy trading.

Paolo

--- 帖子 #92 ---
I did not say it returned back to the SL. Just that it ALMOST did so. From the H1 chart it seemed to be there were only a few pips room left between the next candle low where price almost touched the SL of the previous entry candle

Yes, but my question was more about what parts of the 100MA i should concentrate my eyes on to say its sideways or not. It could be just the last candle, the last few candles or even weeks of past data the 100MA is drawn sideways on the H1 chart or not.

Also for the right side of the chart such EMA is still not visible. So how to say its not switching back to a trending environment at any time with any new candle forming.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
but had already climbed in before?

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Yep, that one worked out very nicely.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Hi Ingo, on H1 or smaller timeframes of course not every signal is a valid entry. Here comes the "common sense" in to play, that i mentioned in my first post. This is hard to teach and comes from experience in trading.

This fact makes it difficult to make a back test on H1, so better look on H4 for a better back test.

And of course, like any other system you will have loser trades too. That`s the part of the game.  That is why is so important to have a good R:R management. But believe me, the winning trades will outperform the losers and you will be profitable in the long run.

Stay save!

--- 帖子 #96 ---
I like this.... Easy, simple and effective

--- 帖子 #97 ---
nice thread :-)

Do you guys take the steepness of the ema into consideration ?

Like in my case a value of 75 in order to avoid ranging markets ?

Also - Minotawr - I like that indi that plots the lines ( entry, sl, etc.) on your charts...

Is this a custom indicator ?

Are you willing to share ?

Best,

Mark

--- 帖子 #98 ---
That's a customized Fibonacci man, he said that a couple post ago.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Those trades were not taken during the london or frankfurt sessions as u had advised earlier.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Thanks LiarTrader, enjoy and contribute

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Thanks mtacki

This is not an indicator, this is just the standard fibonacci tool from metatrader. You can modify it like you want.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Yes, thats right my friend. Thank you

--- 帖子 #103 ---
EUR/JPY running trade ...

--- 帖子 #104 ---
EUR/GBP here i am going for 2R ...

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Don't focus too much on the EMA folks ! See and analyze the price for the actual trend. EMA is just a visual tool to help

--- 帖子 #106 ---
others strategi... second testing from this tread
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

just share from others perspective
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #107 ---
good system as long as you re in a trend,need to avoid when the market is ranging,any experienced traders out there with any ideas to avoid a range?

--- 帖子 #108 ---
I'm testing the strategy, I've set a rule that a trade can't be opened if price has touched ema in the last 40 candles.

So basically I open trades only when price didn't touch ema for +40 hours and it's in an obvious trending environment. I'm testing so don't take this for gold, just try, test and see if it can work for you.

If you are a novice try to spend some time on the chart trying to identify trend and ranging environment, also backtest is a powerful way to train your trading-eye.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Yes, this is a trend following strategy. You will avoiding a range? Simple: if you see a range, don`t trade!

So many people want to be on the begining of a trend and they trying to force it. It`s just wrong. You will never know when a trend is just about to start.

Make it simple: if you see a trending pair, then stick to it. Don`t complicate.

My broker offer me 100 pairs or something , one or two of them are definitely trending in this time. So you just need one or two to concentrate on.

I mean, look on the EUR/GBP chart. Is this so hard to spot the trend?

Just my two cents, don`t get offended

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Minotawr, super

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Hi guys, i'm quite new here. Have just tested this strategy and it works nicely. Managed to get 75pips in the past few hours. Thanks Minotawr!

Nevertheless, i have some questions:

- i understand the part where the entry order needs to move along to the next red candle (uptrend). but do you actually move the order while the current red candle is still in play?

- see that you guys set TP level at 2R or 3R. how do you gauge the strength of the run? and would you recommend any strategy to move stop loss to maximize profit?

Thanksss

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Thanks. Good advice.

If you say to keep focus more on price then on the EMA, and H1 needs even more practice here, what exactly do you mean by this? Like any specific price action / candle pattern that tends to work out best for this kind of retracement entries? Your example charts so far always seem to hit the perfect entry candle leaving out earlier possible entries where price was often not ready yet to drift back again to the trend direction.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
I agree with you, he show for sure only god trades in order to let people see. Try to backtest, you'll enter sooner much times that's equal to many losses but due to my tests the wins hare more and more huge.

Just test and maybe apply some filters. Hope you'll find this uselfull

cheers

--- 帖子 #114 ---
I have been an onlooker of this thread for a while. You will have better trade success if you use a short period EMA for trigger/momentum in combination with the 100 EMA or use a lower time frame for entry. This, very much likely, may not be acceptable to the OP.

Trade safe and prosper.

KP

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Yeah. I actually like that there are no indicators involved instead of the moving average to determine trend direction. So if you say „filters“, what kind of pure price action filters there are? I tried manual backtesting some trending H1 charts and like you say I would have find my self in a lot of losing trades simply because of entering at the wrong time (even if price direction in general was right).

Maybe there are some specific type of entry candles I could try to spot where the retracement moves are of higher chance to follow without much pull backs / up and down (not sure how to name it correct) directly after.

--- 帖子 #116 ---
You create you own filters, for example you can avoid taking in consideration too small candles, you can take trade only when you see a candlestick pattern within the signal ...

There are literally infinite ways you can complicate every strategy, just make sure you adapt the strategy to yourself and to not change the core of it.

I just suggest you to make practice, to backtest, to see recurring factors of loosing trades and fix that. Just adapt the strategy to yourself.

Have a nice day

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Well said, you have, Wise Jedi !

Thank you, your contribution to the thread is very helpfull.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Sorry, been a bit quiet trading recently. But I have incorporated this into my own strategy and it works really well.

I'm using a new broker but they don't have mt4 support. However, I managed to get into these trades between last night and today. (im UK time).

Green dotted lines are my entries and RED dashed lines are my SL. I TP where I scribbled.. lol... when things started to seem a bit exhaused (to me). Had two entries and got around 190 pips risking 30 pips lol... crazy R:R.

Can see it was also close to the 100MA where I was looking for entries to sell.

I've been profitable for the past 3 years (out of 5 years), but adding this simple strategy into my trading has allowed me to understand things much much better.

As you can see though, I do use the heiken ashi average price parts to cut out the noise and for me but it gives me more confidence when I see one of these potential entries form.

Happy trading!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Thank's for your tips man. May I ask if you trade full time? What other strategies are you into?

have a nice day

--- 帖子 #120 ---
It's my occupation but I don't trade each day, I swing trade mainly and build many positions which is why this strategy helps me as I can enter on a new HTF leg and ride the waves adding new positions each time.

As I'm day trading, and challening myself with a small account thats why I TP. Otherwise I'd have kept them open and started looking for more selling opportunities.

Thing is, it might not suit other people which is why I find forex so amazing but since lockdown I've had nothing else to do ha

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Great my friend! It does look even magical to me

I am happy for you. You killing it

Rinse and repeat...

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Thanks Minotawr for this KISS Method. Realy liking it. Heres a little contribution maybe its usefull for some, if not ignore it.

All credits go to forex station.com for their amazing work.

Its a tool for easily spotting trending pairs with in our case the 100 EMA. Standardsettings show you the 8 hardest trending pairs up or down.

Attached File(s)   #top 28 trenders all brokers_v1.1.ex4

49 KB
|
1,285 downloads
Attached Image

Have fun!

--- 帖子 #123 ---
EUR/USD first (and i think the only one) trade of today...pulled my SL to breakeven, since it NFP Day. Stay safe!

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Welcome Klausi and thank you .

Personally i wouldn`t depend my decisions on such indis. It´s better to training your own eyes and staying sharp. With indicators you have always something to blame on

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Hi Minotawr,

for sure the best indi is your brain. Such tools can only be helping to spot at one blink what pair maybe to look for a retrace.

Nice weekend to you and keep it up!  Ah and nice EUR/USD trade!!

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Hello,

Could you share the sets of the indicator ?

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Hi Minotawr,

What you thing to use this strategy in Renko Charts ?

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Great stuff! - I got into the same trade lol

We do think alike... only, I didn't get out yet. I think we have a lot more room down to wards the weekly S2.

I am loading up new shorts on our lovely retracements using this system aha

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Nice

Nothing against the letting the profits run

For me is just safe, to be flat before NFP. I just lean back and enjoy the show

Enjoy your weekend everyone and stay healthy!

--- 帖子 #130 ---
thank you and also a nice healthy weekend

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Sorry guys, forgot  sharing the settings for EMA. Will attach a screen.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Can anyone recommend some good resources where to learn more about the kind of retracement candles this strategy focuses on. I am still not sure if it can be just any type of candle appears of different color like let’s say a bearish candle within an uptrend or a green one within an downtrend.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
I don't think Mino focuses on them per say. I dont think it's 1000% necessary to focus on. its the overall retracement after a big move.

My only suggestions would be to learn about the fibonacci retracements. You can make sure you're in with the trend by checking the high timeframes like the daily and weekly. Look for the previous big move and use the fibonacci retracement tool to find your entry.

Most moves will usually retrace to the 50% or 61.8% area before the original trend continues.

So if its a downtrend, you could have your own style and only enter on retracements at 61.8% to increase your success and give you a better chance to profit.

In my image below you can see from friday the market dropped. The YELLOW lines are the fibonacci tool calculated from that swing high and low and as you can see the market initially stalled at 23.6%, then 38.2% (Circled in blue).

Those levels acted as resistance and market then broke up towards 50% and tested 61.8% (but it was rejected - where I put the blue arrows).

The market has not tested this level since nor has it broken through which could signal a short term trend reversal (if HTF is still bearish).

Now its currently consolidating around the 50% area and that could also be another area to enter short.

You can then be a bit more confident that you are getting into the market at the optimum level to take the next downmove.

We are currently hovering above the Weekly S38 pivot level so if I enter now which I have, I would expect to TP at the S61 level which is at 1.0667.

Just remember this is my own analysis and my own trade idea so I'll never say I am correct but the conditions I follow make me feel the odds are in my favour.

If I get stopped out, I'll reassess and get in at an even better level if the conditions permit.

So that is why I don't think you have to focus on any kind of candles but we all trade our way for ourselves.

Hope this helps in any kind of way, I sure can ramble on

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #134 ---
That`s exactly the spirit here! You nailed it, my friend

--- 帖子 #135 ---
EUR/CAD beautiful doji entry, love it...

Update: hit my TP for 3R

--- 帖子 #136 ---
EUR/GBP joins the downtrend again...

Update: hit my TP for 3R

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Too bad this thread is dying, with how beautiful it looked, there is no interactivity, anyway another thread getting sicker

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Probably because there haven't been many setups since start of this week. Most pairs are not showing any clear trend.

Or maybe I'm wrong..

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Hi, Minotwar,

Apart from interesting strategy you shared here which simple and profitable as well ,would you please your FF Calendar Headlines indicator?

Many Thanks ...

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Well, not much action indeed. I managed to get in a couple AUD pairs this morning, they showed a nice retracement

--- 帖子 #141 ---
EUR/AUD

--- 帖子 #142 ---
AUD/JPY

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Me too, I'm in for a long position on AUDNZD, currently 40+ pips now..

I guess the ones with most action will be EUR crosses..

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Thanks.

I don`t have the file for MT4. But i am sure you will find it here on the FF-Site. Sorry

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Looks great my friend! Good job

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Hi Minotawr,

congratulation to your nice thread! Good job.... One question from me: Do you still trade sometimes like in the thread "Rags to Riches in 10 or 20 Trades - Simplicity at its finest" described? You did a good job turning 20 dollar into 2000 ...

Many greetings

Ben

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Hi mate, thank you.

Sometimes, but only on my "fun account"

I didn`t see these days a monster trend, something that you need for this "madness"

--- 帖子 #148 ---
EUR/AUD killer move, brocked the support, i`ve locked for 2R, will tighten my sl tomorrow

--- 帖子 #149 ---
GBP/AUD almost similar, has room for more...

--- 帖子 #150 ---
AUD/JPY sweet development so far , hope for a runner

--- 帖子 #151 ---
From the charts you posted you always seem to hit the perfect entry candle just before price moves back in trend direction, is there anything I miss because since testing this strategy i almost never got the pending buy or sell entry activated with the first new candle that follows.

Also only winners posted yet. Could you tell what’s the loss/win rate for you trading this strategy over how many days and amount of total trades?

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Hi, really interested in this thread. Just wish to clarify one thing, in the OP you simply say retracement candle is this any type of retracement candle or a certain one such as engulfing or do you use any specific parameters for said candle? Cheers

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

why 1st circle and 2nd circle do not entry?

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Hi Iddd, if your pending order was not activated, you move it to the next candle. So you make sure you getting on the right track as soon as possible.

They are plenty of losing trades, of course. Loss/win rate is about 40. But your winners outweight the losers far more. Thats why is so important to have a good R:R management, best is 1:3.

Trade safe!

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Well, because it`s my sleeping time

I usually take trades in the frankfurt and london session. But they would be valid entries.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Hi James, it has to be a clear move in one direction, following with a clear retracement. Then i look for candle with the opposite color to the trend. Not special types of candles.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
OH...sorry, my fault

and a few questions

1. I long at break previous high, but at the same candles, it break previous low, will you SL? or you will wait candle closed to decide SL?

2. entry Long and then met 2R, you will wait to meet 3R or close ALL order? if wait 3R, how to determine ?

Sorry for my bad english

--- 帖子 #158 ---
hi, i followed your method and entered GJ, am I on the right track?

--- 帖子 #159 ---
No you are wrong, price is trading above 100EMA, so you should only place buy orders, no sell orders.

Lajit

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Hi,

So what you mean is, the decision to buy/sell is dependent on whether the candle is above/below the 100SMA, and its overall trend?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Yes, above 100EMA = only buy, below EMA = only sell, the candles you are looking for are the retracement candles, candles with the opposite color, so if price is trading ABOVE 100EMA, then look for the RED candle and place buy stop at the TOP of the closed red candle, SL at the bottom. (you expect price to go higher)

when price is UNDER 100EMA, then you look for GREEN candles and place an sell stop at the BOTTOM of the closed green candle and SL at the top of the closed green candle. (you expect price to go lower)

Best is to avoid ranging markets, as traders earlier suggested it is the best to start off from the 4 hour or even the daily time frame. I would suggest to look at the 4 hour chart and look for entries on the 1hr chart.

Hope my explanation made things clear

Lajit

ps. edited SMA to EMA conform the strategy in post 1

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Look at this picture, please

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Hi Lajit,

Thanks a lot for your help!! i managed to cancel my sell order at a small cost and enter the market with a buy order thanks to you

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #164 ---
===

Without any disrespect Lajit, the very first post says 100-EMA (check it out please).

Best,
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
No problem.

1. Always wait for the candle close. Since the candle is formed, you set up your order

2. I recommend hard stops and takeprofits. 3R is best.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Hi Minotawr,

Is this marked candle, the correct one to work from as it is the last "Green-candle" in the retrace?

Thank you for replying and making life so much better seeing what the price may/or may not do in the next candle.

Continued success to you.
Hercs.
PS. What are you using to determine the levels of TP as seen on your charts, please?

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Hi Matt,

its important to follow the trend, because it`s not your enemy

GBP/JPY

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Thanks Lajit, good explanation. But its really the 100 EMA

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Hi Minotawr

Thank you for clarifing haha, i was using the SMA, just changed it to EMA. I'll also edit my post.

The rules are very simple. People just need to follow them. Simple rules are simply the best.

Thank you again and green pips!!

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Hi Patrick,

1. arrow: was a trade

2. arrow: no need to go in this trade. The down move was allready done + not a clear retracement

3. arrow: was an actual trade

4. arrow: no need to trade, since i was allready in my short

--- 帖子 #171 ---
I have another question to you. Please check the attached image.

What are you doing in the situation that you get an better entry than previous candle.

Would you recalculate your 2R and 3R based on the new candle or would you set the 2R and 3R based on the previous one?

image is an actual H1 screenshot of the EURNZD now.

Lajit

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Hi Hercs, thank you and welcome.

Well, i don`t really understand your question. I`ve marked my possible entry...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Please read the thread, i`ve answered this a several times allready

--- 帖子 #173 ---
You are welcome!

Green pips to you

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Hi Hercs,

thanks for mentioning it to me! Minotawr replied the same I have changed my posts according to the original strategy in the first post.

Best of luck

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Yes, you move your pending order higher and recalculate your levels, based on the new candle. In this case you get a better entry.

But be carefull, it´s an ugly range, not a clear retracement

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Thank you for your fast respons

Yes i see it, it is indeed an ugly range. If you zoom the 4hr chart out you can see the overall direction and that it wants to return to the gap this pair created begin March, however, the pair also seems exhausted for this week. Thanks for the warning.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
In on the GJ:

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Thank you.

I have more questions:

How is look MM for you positions?

Do you using Trailing Stop ?

AND how long this strategy is profitable for you? How long have you been using this ??

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Holy sh*t !!! What a great day so far. I hope you catch some big moves...AUD pairs are driving mad. I have add positions to my yesterday trades

Just incredible

Be patient, stay humble and see the magic hapen!

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Hey Pat,

i am trading this style for 5 years allready. This is profitable since the beginning. MM is easy: 1% risking on every trade. R:R is 1:3.

If you follow the rules, it works.

Trade safe and enjoy life.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Thanks for sharing Minotawr!

Can you give us an idea of what kind of winning percentage this method has?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Haha yes! AUD pairs are really doing well, they have also bank holiday today  just make sure to lock your positions in profit and let them run. I got rid of the messy position, the risk wasn't worth it with the news coming haha. Thank you for everything

Lajit

--- 帖子 #183 ---
hello, super system, like to read from the experiences. Nice easter with corona too

--- 帖子 #184 ---
AUD pairs BOOM BOOM BOOMMM

--- 帖子 #185 ---
oh yes, there is a disadvantage, it always takes so long

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Thanks I now understand of moving the SL/TP with every new H1 candle.

Do you have any fixed rules in your trading plan for trading this method in case of over/under taking signals?

Lets say you get more than just one signal a day watching 28 currency pairs, would you take all of them even if this would mean opening 10 trades instead of just 1.

On the other hand from your experience can you say a min amount of trades to expect over a month so let’s say 20 active trading days?

Last when do you start end you trading day? So you only look for setups after the EU session opens as example and then what after you placed your orders, you monitor every hour, what if the day ends, you hold your trades open until they hit Sl or TP or close trades manually if monitoring them so you might end up ruining your risk reward ratio of 1:3 by closing trades to early by fear of leaving trades open even longer after reaching 3R in the case or greed :-)

--- 帖子 #187 ---
have now had a few times that the course ran in the sl and then would have run very nicely in plus. Maybe put the sl a little further away

--- 帖子 #188 ---
here is an indicator that maybe shows a little earlier when the trend change is there, the first line is tma entry, the 2 from da ema100 you can see. the 3 again tma the 4 line again ema

--- 帖子 #189 ---
======

Hi Minotawr,

First and foremost, thanks for the welcoming note.

Secondly, my question was referring to the candle I marked with a vertical line - when I opened my charts on Friday morning, that is where the price was at. I saw the candle that you marked, but that was before the long which I took as being a retrace at first glans but it is still the active leg at the time of my opening charts.

Would you please be kind enough and just have another look at my posted chart and tell me which candle you would have regarded as the last candle in that upward move, without having the privilege of seeing what happened afterward.

Thank you for replying,
Hercs.
PS. I admit to not have read all the posts just yet, but your explanations were good enough regarding the selection of the candle and where to place the orders.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Do you have an indicator to calculate lot size according to risk 1% or 2%, I would insert SL, for example if trigger candle is 15 pips plus at least 2 pips under and above it is 19 pips SL indicator have to calculate lot size according to my account balance if I risk 2% per trade.

I will trade  RR 1:3?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #191 ---
There are plenty of them either for free or to buy. Use the forums search for „risk reward calculator“ or a google search.

I am using this one here

https://www.riskrewardratio.club/

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Wow... Nice Thread!... Amazing. Your the 4th person who I saw uses this strategy, only different entry techniques & timeframes. I can add this entry technique in my arsenal hehehe. I love the simplicity..

Just a few questions bro

1. When do you plan your trades? is it the day before or every morning before asian opens?

2. When do you check the chart? is it every hour every candle close?

3. Do you wait for London open before checking the chart? do you take trades on asian session and why/why not?

4. how about NY signals, do you trade the as well?

5. Once you choose a pair to trade, do you not look at other pairs anymore?

6. Once you set your EP, SL, TP.. will you just set and forget once the EP is triggered?

7. once you entered, it goes in your favor but when it reached 1:1RRR, its starting to move against you going back to your entry, will you close the trade or just let it run?

I have a day job so I am trying to see if I could fit the 1hr TF chart.

I am looking for 1hr TF coz I don't like holding my trades on weekends (this is just me of course)

I can do 4hr & Daily TF coz I only check the chart every 4hr or every morning only for Daily TF.

Thank you bro

I can do 4hr & Daily TF coz I only check the chart every 4hr or every morning only for Daily TF.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Thank you, I have intention to test this strategy on 30 pairs and I will need something really fast and productive to help me calculate candle size and risk reward.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Hello good people, For those unable to modify their Fib channel to give you your TP1, TP2, Entry & Sl Levels.

This is how you do it.

How to create a ruler to measure multiple R-multiple profit targets

You can use MT4’s in-built Fibonacci Channels line study to create the ruler described. Here’s how:

Drag the Fibonnaci Channels study onto your chart (or use menu option: Insert… Channels… Fibonacci), and maneuver the end point until the lines are horizontal.

Edit the object properties to set the desired color, style etc for your lines.

On the Parameters tab, uncheck the Ray option, unless you want lines that extend the entire width of your chart.

On the Fibo levels tab, delete any existing levels, and then set your desired TP R-multiples. For example, I want to set TPs at 1.5 and 2.2 times the trade risk, hence I set the parameters as shown in the screenshot below. Levels are

2.2 = TP2

1.5 = TP1

-1.0 = SL

0.0 = Entry

lick OK, and you should have something that looks like the yellow lines in the screenshot.

Now simply drag the structure around the chart to your desired location: Drag handle ‘B’ to move the entire structure (horizontally and/or vertically).  Drag handle ‘D’ to set your SL. As you move it, you’ll notice a number graphic whose second value tells you the number of points (a point = 0.1 pips, if your br0ker uses 5/3 digit quotes) between entry and SL. (Hence if you want a 30 pip SL, drag handle ‘D’ until this value = 300). Drag ‘D’ above/below line ABC to toggle between a buy or sell trade. The TP1 and TP2 lines move automatically.  To extend/contract the lines, hold down the SHIFT key and drag either handle ‘A’ or handle ‘C’ sideways. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Moin, my problem with the sl works better now with the double atr

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Moin, moin Ingo. I said it before, if the initial candle is to small we have to take a reasonable SL distance.

Great entries btw , did you took the trades?

--- 帖子 #197 ---
the first 2 were early

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Thank you, Waih. This should clarify a lot. And should end the questions about this.

Btw, my levels are:

1= SL
0=Entry
-2= 2R
-3= 3R

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Hi Hercs,

you have marked a green candle. This is wrong. We looking for red candles in the uptrend and green candles in the down trend for our entries.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Hi arjms, and welcome.

First I looked on my charts one hour before frankfurt session. I only trading the frankfurt and london session. I just trading pairs with clear trend on H1.

I recommend to you to start with H4 and Daily TF.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Hi Minotawr,

THAT is all that I need - entirely my mistake for misinterpreting your rules or a blackspot

Thanking you most sincerely.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Minotawr,

Here is the explanation for my "blackspot", but I am still confused? Sorry

You selected a RED candle on the down direction which is already lower than previous low and chances are good that it may go further down. In your case that would not have mattered because your order was for long and so you move candle by candle as it "might have travelled further down."

And I think my misunderstanding was in this screenshot of your trade in #Post 1 followed by the next screenshot on Page 1.

So most importantly NOT a "black-spot" for me, but perhaps I read too fast. A lesson to me for sure.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
GBP/AUD can you see the magic?

--- 帖子 #204 ---
AUD/JPY love the behavior of the AUD pairs last days.

The markets gave us opportunities every day. Analyze, make decisions and take advantage

--- 帖子 #205 ---
EUR/AUD

Why do people rarely recognize the power of the trend?

--- 帖子 #206 ---
This is excellent, please can you tell me your RR here as I can see it is really huge like riding the wave how do you decide to get out and do you trade at all 1:3 RR?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #207 ---
thanks dear Minotawr for my previous message in long week. these days i have some trouble with my pc. however thanks again for the quick reply. so dear i want to know how do you trading in news time with this your method ? also do you consider only the strong trend of the pair when you enter to the trade ? ?

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Hi Minotawr

It was some nice trades, do you prefer some pair ? All this trades was on cross GBPAUD,AUDJPY,EURAUD or which pair your trade . Thanks for ansver.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Hi mate, thanks. "Riding the way", yeah, i like it. RR was huge on this one and it`s not over yet

I just get out of all my trades before the easter bank holidays in my country

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Hey my friend, I only interrupt my trading during the NFP day and my own holidays

Strong trends are the essence of this method...

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Hi Kalvera, i prefer the pairs with good trend. Clear movements and clean retracements.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
ok thanks dear for your cooperation...

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Your recent EURAUD trade shows not a clear trend and not a clear retracement

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...0&d=1586811579

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Hi buddy, thanks for stopping by.

No? Why not? For me its pretty obviously

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Hi , I see some people use the Luktom order managment EA.. Does it work ok for you and can you recommend this.. Thanks a lot..

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Hi Piscis, yes i am using this one. It`s helpfull to do placing my SL/TP

--- 帖子 #217 ---
HI Minotawr, thanks for your quick reply, will try to dig t up somewhere! Awesome system by the way, first trade yesterday with a good win, will post later..

--- 帖子 #218 ---
HI Minotawr, what does your result look like every month? you are profi

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Hi Ingo, what do you mean and why?

--- 帖子 #220 ---
AUD/NZD don`t forget this beauty

--- 帖子 #221 ---
what percentage you do with your system on average per month.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Nice one Ingo.  My average return is about 20%

--- 帖子 #223 ---
GBP/USD who else caught this one?

--- 帖子 #224 ---
AUD/CAD

here is a good example of moving your pending orders. I was stopped out on the first arrow (-1R), then moved my buy stop 3 red candles further down to caught a better entry (+3R).

Still in profit, huhh?

--- 帖子 #225 ---
USD/JPY on the WL for tomorrow

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Thanks for the heads up.. Caught both of them but got out at 1R  need to learn to let them run... I will try tomorrow!

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Nice retrace on USDJPY already... Pending order set...

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Im gonna start incorporating this type of entry to my strategy.  Very simple.  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Can you share your template and trading system files?

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Long aud/nzd.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Seriously? How difficult is it to put a 100 EMA on your chart?

--- 帖子 #232 ---
I'd think twice; AN weekly kissing the 100. Might run out of steam here. Good luck!

--- 帖子 #233 ---
I agree this market has been going up for a while ( on the 1hr) and some sort of retracement is probably gonna happen soon. Gonna try to move to breakeven if i get the chance.

Thanks for the heads up

--- 帖子 #234 ---
this week is a much better week to trade compared to last week. Lots of action going on across many pairs.

Yesterday I did 5 trades using this strategy, won 3, breakeven 1, lost 1, earned 30-50 pips for each win (still holding USDJPY now)

Thank you Minotawr

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Hi All, just joined, happy trading!

My Today Spot - Eur/gbp

hope this help! Good Luck!

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Good luck to you too.

For today I'm eyeing mostly GBP pairs

other currency pairs either have stalled or are looking for reversal, I feel

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Hi MInatawr,

Just want to ask, When is the signal candle not valid? or when do I cancel my order?

is it if, after the signal candle:

1. the next 1st candle did not trigger my EP?

2. the next 2 candles did not trigger my EP?  Attached Image

- attached is a signal but after 2 green candles it was not triggered

or

3. its in your own discretion?

--- 帖子 #238 ---
it is a pity but I don't hold a trade overnight. I thought about it

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Hi cisco, welcome! Sounds good, glad that i can help.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Great my friend! Feel freee to share your trades

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Hi Jet, welcome! Good call, have this one also on my WL.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Good morning buddy, nothing to regret here. Ther will be another opportunity, i am sure. Just be patient.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Hello Minotawr

Have you done a test in a tester (EA mt4) to check the effectiveness over several years?

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hey pat, i am trading this style since 5 years, successfully. There is no better way to test it

Profitability is up to you

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Good morning to everyone!

Just to share a quick visual look:
https://i.imgur.com/zJgyJh5.png

The aim for R:R is 1:2 in my case;

and not leaving trades open overnight

(that's why couple trades didn't have full TP range).

Have read the thread and it looks very neat.

Simplicity of it is like a breath of fresh air.

Will probably post some live trades in days to come,

but for now just wanted to say Hi and Thanks!

--- 帖子 #246 ---
First loss... Good to share as well..

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Absolutly, thanks mate. That`s the part of the game.

Be carefull folks, many pairs are about to reverse, strong movements ahead.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
let me see if i got this right: set the pending orders After the reversal candle is formed.

for example, on gbp/chf my candle is formed. as soon as the price go back up a bit i set my pending orders. (im trying not to assume if the candle is a reversal candle while is forming, as anything can happen.) if the price will not go back up, i missed a trade?

Thank you and all the very best!

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Hi mate,

Please, show a little of  respect here and read from the first page it is only 13 pages.

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Hello Minotawr,

Is strategy working also  on stock market ?

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Hey pat, i have not trade the stock market, but i am sure it will work also on stocks. The concept of strong trend movements and retracements is a basic principle of all markets.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Too early for you because the trend is not really going yet?

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Eur/gbp kicked in

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Hi, Yes I have read the thread. I apologize that asking is disrespectful. I am just asking about managing the trade. I am just clarifying what I understand... Anyway, you don't need to answer... good luck to all.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Good morning.  Aussie trade short.  Strong trendline break and price under 100 ema.

So far looking good.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
One more.

Note that proper entry was below the green line. i got in a bit sooner.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
For me definetly too early. You have to be carefull in this situation, you could be stucked in a fake reversal.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Looks good, did you trade this one?

--- 帖子 #260 ---
There`s no need to be upset arnjms. You have to understand, that there are everyday almost the same questions. Everything you need to know is covered in the thread.

Please make a proper picture of your trade situation, i just can`t see anything in your first image.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #262 ---
I traded early Asian session this morning, entered a few BUY trades for GBP. All hit my SL quickly, as apparently there has been a huge reversal since European session. Luckily all my SL are quite tight 20+ pips max so it's ok

The good news is I've been holding a EURJPY sell position since yesterday and now it's 90+ pips in profit

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Folks, on such tough days i recommend not to trade at all, especially for beginners. Everyone is get excited about trend reversals and jumps too early on the train, because of fear to miss something big. Believe me, the markets are not running away. Tomorrow will bring new opportunitys. You don`t have to trade everyday.

Just a reminder.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
That is so very true. The moment you stop feeling the urge to chase the next trade, but rather let it come to you, is a game changer. It often takes years to realise this simple truth, doesn't it?

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Hi Minotawr,

I wanted to know if you have any ea/indicators that allows you to quickly set the tp and sl. Since calculating every time and manually putting them is quite long if go through 20 pairs every hour

many thanks

--- 帖子 #266 ---
This is a simple script - so be sure it goes in the script folder! It will allow you to modify all orders on the current chart at the same time. Default is 10 for each which can be altered when the dialog box opens. To run drag it to the chart you want to modify the orders on. Hope it helps.

maahome

--- 帖子 #267 ---
I use this one, by default it is TP 60 and SL 20, Add to high/low pips 2 pips and candle shift is 1 but you can change set up. It is script!!!!

--- 帖子 #268 ---
I have an eye on the CAD pairs

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Range and consolidation, as far as the eye can see today. Not worth it.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Yes, patience is key...

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Some CAD trades have been activated...charts will follow

--- 帖子 #272 ---
CAD/JPY

--- 帖子 #273 ---
And just a moment later the JPYs exploded, lol. Yeah, patience for sure.

Short GU. Looks like it wants to make a new daily/weekly low.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
1-3  super trade

--- 帖子 #275 ---
why the case only you mentioned one hour?

That make a sense you know  beneath a 100 MA lines there can be a very long trend. Of course that's the other subject that it's biased on what I mean to say that consistent bars of several hours of course will remain 100 MA lines unless once broken.

Has anyone got any benefit using this system?

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Great trade! How much do you risk per trade? Do you ever move your stop to BE?

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Thank you Minotawr for this thread. i wrote this script for easy placement of stop pending orders with SL/TP especially for this system.

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Hey buddy, risk never more than 1%. Sometimes i move my SL to BE when the trades going overnight.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Hi Tux, you welcome.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Hey my friend, what do you mean? You took awesome trades? Please show

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Nice one, mate  I took something similar on EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #282 ---
USD/CAD doesn`t developing as i like

--- 帖子 #283 ---
NZD/USD looks good so far, with a healthy retrace

--- 帖子 #284 ---
GBP/NZD took a loss on this one. I have a feeling this baby will be a rocket tomorrow

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Folks, i will share with you my results for April so far. This is not a show off, since is not empressive as hell. This is just the power of MM and RM.

That`s why is 1:3 RR is so important. Profit Trades overall (% of total) are just about 41.46%. But your account is f*cking growing. And that's all that matters! Imagine doing this day by day, where you will end, he?

Be consistent, believe in your self and you will succeed.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Congratulations on this excellent results and strategy. Can you please summarise all now, and check your history, what is better RR 1:3 or to ride the wave and which pairs are the best?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #287 ---
dear minotawr... how do you properly identify the trend reversal. because after long journey the current trend can be reverse back .as a experience person of this method  how do you trade with that situation ,when you are free expect your  valuable reply...

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Hey my friend, for me the RR 1:3 formula works best. Pairs doesn`t matter...

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Hey mate, don`t focus on trend reversals, focus on existing trends.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
thanks my dear for your reply...yes i know you a focusing current trend. my problem was end of the current trend it will go back , then how do you trade ? are you Wait till the trend again passing ema 100 ? don.t know u can understanding my question ?

--- 帖子 #291 ---
ok guys, one more chart for education. This is H4 chart of EUR/AUD:

Since a strong down movement accured (yellow line) and price under 100EMA, i`ve started to look for retracements.

--> green candle 1 was formed. I put my pending sell stop order under the candle 1, SL above candle1

--> green candle 2 was formed. My pending order from candle 1 was not activated. I cancel pending order1. Now i put my pending order under the green candle2, SL above

--> green candle 3 was formed. My pending order from candle 2 was not activated. I cancel pending order2. Now i put my pending order under the green candle3, SL above

--> my pending sell order was activated on the following red candle. After two next candles my TP was hit for 1:3 RR

--> green candle 4 was formed. I put my pending sell stop order under the candle 4, SL above candle4

--> green candle 5 was formed. My pending order from candle 4 was not activated. I cancel pending order4. Now i put my pending order under the green candle5, SL above

--> my pending sell order was activated on the following red candle. After a bunch of candles my TP was finally hit for 1:3 RR

--> green candle 6 was formed ..................and so on

Did you understand the process?

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Ok, so

On candle number 6 will be SL, right ?

--- 帖子 #293 ---
No, candle 6 is also a winner

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Hello Minotawr & everyone!

First of all let me thank the TS for this simple method.

Currently watching AUD/NZD for a buy opportunities.

Good luck & trade safe.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Everything explained perfectly. Just one question - after the sell order at candle 5 was triggered and it didn't hit tp3 you put the next pending sell order on candle 6 (compound orders) and wait till all open trades hit tp3? Just interesting how you manage the trades.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Hi buddy, yes i would open another sell trade on candle 6 and wait till all open trades hit TP3

--- 帖子 #297 ---
====

Hi Minotawr,

Thank you for this lesson, but how about a current situation - select any one of your currencies at the last candle of your chart, please.

Secondly, could you also demonstrate the reverse trade-entries, please.

Continues success to you and everyone else.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Hello, no meant your relationship with the tade cad / jpy

--- 帖子 #299 ---
What is it like, you have already traded your system in the m5. For me it looks like it works, but it doesn't last long in the trade and you can practice better?

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Minotawr Great result, it couldn't be easier

--- 帖子 #301 ---
EURUSD h1 today ..... SL and they go 2 of 2. Obviously I don't know much.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
but I also have a question, pull the sl into plus if the trade is going well. or does it always remain that way?

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Out of this UJ short. Was hoping for a quick break lower, but it's hesitating on the trendline; oil looks like it wants up too. No need to push it on Friday either.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Congrats on the results, Minotawr.

Just looking at the trade count there. 83 trades in 12 working days, that's an average of about 7 trades a day. Have you considered being a bit more selective? I think you could easily increase your win rate by focusing on the highest probability setups. There aren't that many each day... Obviously, the way you trade is clearly working for you, so feel free to ignore my remarks.

--- 帖子 #305 ---
That's really very important information for new traders like us.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
it was a 1 to 2, it would have been a 1 to 6. didn't have time

--- 帖子 #307 ---
==========

Further to my request, Minotawr, here is my analysis of the US30-H4 for 3 entries marked 1,2,3.

Kindly let me know whether I am on the right track, please. I traded the short this afternoon with excellent results using the gap up in the early hours of the Asian session (your timeline) as my TP.

Looking forward to hearing from you.
Hercs.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Hercs

Entry 1 is correct according to the rules and is a clear winner.

Entries 2 and 3 shouldn´t have been taken, also according to the rules, because price is above the EMA so we only look for buys. You could have put pending buy orders after the red candle near 2 (wouldn´t have triggered) and also (probably) after the close of red candle marked 3.

You got lucky with price closing yesterday gap but entries 2 and 3 are against the rules.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Thanks for sharing your strategy. I have been using it all week on the daily charts as I don't have the time to watch the H1 charts.

I didn't really understand the power of pending orders until now!

What would really help me is a trade manager / EA to place on pairs that are trending and automatically move the TP/SL at the formation of each new candle or take the trade at a defined risk based on the SL.

It would also be interesting to backtest with different settings for:

Trailing Stop, Candle offset, scaling out at 1:1, TP at 1:2,1:3...etc or trailing

I did try to write an EA myself but am not good enough to make it work! Is there anyone who would like the challenge to put something together?

--- 帖子 #310 ---
===

Hi Mendocito,

You are absolutely correct about trades 2&3, but I have been trading for 18 years+ and I wanted to test the method, which I like very much. My concern was that I am reading the charts correctly. I have never traded the H4 candle until today and I like it, but the H1-candle and possibly down to M30 is where I want to concentrate on - all because I am a scholar at heart and want to improve my skills overall.

Thank you for taking the time to write.

Continued success to you.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
=======

Here's to hoping that MathTrader7 would read this request, for he is brilliant.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
ok thanks dear very good explanation

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Hey guys, i am happy that so many traders participated in this thread. I just wanted to give something clear and simple to the people, who have struggled in the markets.

Of course there are many ways to get profitable, i've just show you one. You have to build something that you can do, day by day. Apply the terms in this thread in your way of trading or not, but do me a favor: be consistent.

Dont jump from system to system after a few losing trades. With solid MM and RM every system can be the game changer.

I have made the explanation chart because i hoped to clear are uncertainties. From Monday i will take two weeks of from trading (just holidays home). Dont get mad if i can't answered all of your questions. I will try to get better.

Stay safe and healthy! See you soon.

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Then we wait for the next strategies, nice vacation despite coron

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Hercs I sent him a msg lets wait and see!

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Before I got interested in this thread I was following the BK8 thread. It turns out both systems are actually similar. BK8 system is an entrance on a retracement candle that crosses the 5 SMA. This system gets you in a bit earlier. I also like the fact that this system also limits you to trades with the trend BKA system also allows counter -trend trades.

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Should we be taking trades like this at the 100SMA here its not clear if its a retracement to the 100 SMA or a change in direction...??

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Money, use the 100 EMA for the H1 and not the daily..  If it gets close to the 100 EMA on the H1 make sure you look at the trend on the H4 and/or Daily.. ( which you should do anyway)..

--- 帖子 #319 ---
=======

Just be careful, but with this system, it hardly matters. The reason I say "be careful" is that it might turn or retrace and then continue further up. Check one TF higher for possible clues.

Also, it might be a typo, but we should be using 100-EMA (not sma)

Continued success to you.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Hi,

Just want to know what do you mean when you guys said about checking on 4H and 1H charts?

If 1H chart is approaching 100EMA line, but 4H chart still shows a consistent trend, the pair is good to go right??

--- 帖子 #321 ---
@money123456 & @Hercs

I can't speak for Minotawr as this is his thread and his will be the last word. But I will speak for myself and those who enjoy this system in its original form.

Please respect the fact that the system has been presented as a manual one. It is clearly discretionary, and requires at least basic understanding of PA. If you want to automate it, which I think is superfluous, go ahead and open your own separate thread. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
hello how i set tradingview web this ma please tell me

--- 帖子 #323 ---
=======

OOPS, finessence!

NOT my intention whatsoever - I am delighted that I finally caught on to the method and have no intention to change that whatsoever!

I merely pointed the trader that made the suggestion to one of the finest coders in forex. In a flat world, let us give credit where credit is due and let me assure you if MathTrader7 is not interested, he will tell you so. So, please don't "jump the gun" assuming things that I have not intended. I too enjoy the manual selections as it keeps my brain stimulated.

Without disrespect.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
@ money123456, a trading tip. On the D1 chart for the instrument you want to trade, scroll back, zoom out a bit, and look to see if there is a pattern to the swings. For example, in your image, the last 3 swings are a very clear 1-2-3 up-down-up. When you scroll back, when you see this pattern, what happens next? Here are some possibilities

● another down-up with higher high

● a down-up with lower high

● the range of the price bars becomes noticeably smaller

Then how does price progress after these conditions?

For some instruments, " normal" behavior is to do the 1-2-3 then go sideways (small range bars), then continue with larger range bars into a 1-2-3 in the opposite direction. For others, "normal" is to do 1-2-3-4-5 followed by 1-2-3 in the opposite direction. But there are many possible "normal" behaviors: You must study your instrument to discover its "normal".

You will have greater success with entries if you learn how your instrument and timeframe of choice behave.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
I look to LOWER timeframes: Direction change comes from below and cycles up.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Very useful.Thanks

--- 帖子 #327 ---
"Jumping the gun" is not my style. Forethought is. I'm glad we are on the same page after all. Let's keep it that way.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Thank you! very clear.

one question
Attached Image

i know entry after candle 5, but which point? A or B?

If entry at A, but red candle does not formed.

let say

entry at A, at the end the red candle changed to green or may be touch the SL? how to handle it?

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Hi fsbr,

As soon as candle 5 is closed, you place your order at point A, the low of candle 5. The SL is placed at the high of candle 5.

You never know if the next candle will trigger your order, or if it will hit your SL.

If your SL is hit, then that is too bad, but it is part of trading.

I don't know if this answers your question.

Kind regards,

Gizmo

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Hi all,

I read the thread during the weekend and I liked the simplicity of the system.

This morning I took some trades, after reaching 1:1 I moved the SL to BE, I'm not sure if minotawr does this.

Below I added some trades of this morning.

Looking forward to your comments on my trades.

Kind regards,

Gizmo

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Interesting method, I like the simplicity of it.

It seems to me that to get the best out of this method it is important to take entries where the market is clearly trending, i.e. making obvious higher highs or lower lows and with a reasonable angle on the 100 ema. Even then, choosing your entry looks key - at important s/r levels on pullbacks etc, perhaps using Fibs as rough areas to consider an entry. Patience is key as always.

Thanks for posting the method :-)

Jon

--- 帖子 #332 ---
If you check important s/r levels on Daily it helps a lot.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Gizmo , hello, I have already asked to pull the sl, but have not yet received an answer. let's wait until the boss is back

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Good morning all,

Here are my trades from yesterday, it wasn't the best day to start  I hope I get some feedback on the trades so that I can learn.

AUDCAD 2x SL

AUDNZD 1x SL and 1x BE

CADJPY 1x BE and 1x R2 (closed manually this morning)

EURJPY 1x BE and 1x SL

EURNZD 1x SL

EURUSD 2x BE

GBPJPY 2x BE

GBPUSD 2x BE and 1x SL

NZDCAD 1x R1 (closed manually)

USDCAD 1x BE and 1x R2 (closed manually this morning)

--- 帖子 #335 ---
USD/CAD

--- 帖子 #336 ---
I'm not the professional for that

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Hi ingo,

I'm not sure what you exactly mean, but we could check for the SL.

So let's say that the SL according to the rules (previous high or low) is less then 2x ATR (for example) we should go for the ATR based SL.

If the "original" SL is bigger then the ATR based SL, we go for the "original" SL.

I think the "boss" mentioned something like this before.

Kind regards,

Gizmo

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Why don't you check the statistics for SL set at the bar H/L being hit when the value is less than 2x ATR and compare to when the SL is at least 2x ATR. Then you will have some actual numbers to evaluate instead of nebulous criteria such as "It makes sense that...". "From what I saw ...", "If feels like it should be...", "It's obvious that...", "The last two times that I was stopped out..." etc., to see if it is even worth being concerned about.

If you care to do a more thorough analysis, use a range of multipliers rather than only 2x, several instruments, and several timeframes.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Hi DrDave,

When you're right, you're right.

I thought I read something about this in one of Minotawrs posts.

Kind regards,

Gizmo

--- 帖子 #340 ---
USD/CAD first 1:3 trade for me.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
GBP/JPY and the first 1:4 trade as well.

--- 帖子 #342 ---
He did mention that he widened his SL when he had a very small range bar. However, there has not been any statistical data presented, so it is impossible to determine if there would be any significant impact on your long term results if you use some different criteria to set SL that originally posted. I am confident that more than one person can post a single example of where widening the SL for small range bars resulted in a benefit compared to using the extreme of the bar. But a single instance (or even a few instances) are a far cry from a study that can provide the answer to whether or not there is statistical significance to the findings.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
I won't make any changes to the SL settings, I will use the previous high/low until Minotawr comes with something else.

Minotawr is trading this system for multiple years, so he knows if this system works or not.

If it was better to use ATR or whatever, I guess he would have noticed it by now

The losses of yesterday are now fully recovered, by the way.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
EXACTLY! Not only noticed it, but would have included it in the criteria for setting the SL.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
I really like what you said here, DrDave. I think you successfully pointed out a common tendency in most threads - unwillingness to do basic homework from receivers part. Rather than waiting to be spoon fed till the last detail of OP's approach, why not take what is already shared and fill the rest with backtesting and finetuning to your own personal liking or style?

I for one have already backtested some pairs for last few months (including months prior corona virus volatility) and come to conclusions:I like to aim for R2 only; ATR (20) of 1H chart x2 seems to be a safe go-to for SL; AUD/JPY and GBP/USD gave me the most comfortable profitability; Found a window where I would look for said setups (an hour prior London open till about NY open); One setup/retracement/trade per pair, per day is about most optimal; Also not carrying trades overnight, unless it is in negative; + some other nuances that would be hard to convey in a single sentence. I'm not saying this to undermine OP's approach, but this is how it would suit me personally.

I'm not here to merely copy someone, but rather conduct due diligence and preferably draw some value from it.

https://i.imgur.com/4IEUv6K.png

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Thumbs up for that, jonivaio. This kind of attitude is, sadly, in short supply anywhere on FF.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
AUD/JPY 2x BE

The first trade made it to R2 and the second trade made it to R1.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
AUD/USD 1x BE, the trade made it to R3, but the TP didn't get triggered.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
EUR/AUD 1x BE, the trade made it to R2.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Don't move your stop to BE - let it run to SL or at least to 2:1 where you can close a part of your position. You will be more profitable in the long run.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
EUR/NZD 1x BE, the trade didn't get much further then R1, but far enough to set my SL to BE.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
GBP/CAD 1x SL

--- 帖子 #353 ---
GBP/USD 1x SL and 1x BE

--- 帖子 #354 ---
NZD/USD 1x BE

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Hi Jonivaio,

In your first line you agree to DrDave, and I agree with him as well, that we shouldn't just change this system or add indicators or whatever.

A few lines later, you do exactly what I did in my post, giving it your own twist, and that is fine by me as well.

But, instead of backtesting this system for a few months, I have forward tested a similar system for months, so I was just sharing my experience.

From now on I will keep my thoughts for myself and only share trades that I made.

Kind regards,

Gizmo.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Thank Olarion, I appreciate the feedback.

Kind regards,

Gizmo

--- 帖子 #357 ---
I suspect that if you have the data to show that backs up your finding of "whatever" added to the system that results in improved profits with no negative change in drawdown, Minotawr would be glad to have you present your findings.

Forward testing for months and then simply saying, "I forward tested this 'whatever' for months and got better profits than if it were not used" is still not enough, because there is no data presented to support the claim.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
That's a shame. I was going to ask you to explain how YOU identify start of a trend because to me that bit is the most important. Xkwisit explained they look for an exhaustion candle. I was wondering how YOU read the trend because like many other strategies, it looks beautiful when market is trending but would not so much when it moves sideways.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
GBP is killing me..

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Maybe you could post some screen captures to demonstrate?

I do not see a problem on GBPUSD H4 looking for sell setups. I see two reatrecement bars, but price did not fall below the low to trigger new sells.

Also, H4 has been going down for quite a long time before it crossed below EMA100. So, it is not surprising that it will go into a rally.

Note that if H4 looks like it is going into a rally, check smaller time frames to see where price is trading ABOVE EMA100 and then trade the rally on those smaller time frames. You are not required to be locked to a single timeframe; do a little experimenting.

EDIT: Edited the screen capture text.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Three Trades, all SL hit. Two had an initial move in the right direction but the market didn't want it to follow through:

GBPAUD - overall H1 bars looked like it was trending down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDNZD - thought i was getting in on the trend above 100EMA, but in hindsight, may have been a choppy market with previous trend exhausted through the MA crossover the last few days.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDCAD - looked like it was trending on H1,H4,D1. Moved in the right direction initially and then went choppy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Would be keen if anyone has any comments on these trades..

--- 帖子 #362 ---
That was just a money management issue. I will assume that you decided to place the SL and reward of either 2R or 3R and just let the trade run its course. Personally, when the trade reached 1R, I would have moved SL to BE.  R was about 35 pips and was exceeded. When 1 R has been reached, I prefer to be stopped out at BE and then if price comes back for another attempt, re-enter rather than going down by a full R. But everyone has to devise his own trade management system.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Thanks for the comments - glad to know it wasn't so much the entry for those two trades - It makes sense if I get to 1R to move to BE. That wasn't in my plan for today. I'll make sure to revise how I approach situations like this in the future.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
I really have some problem with the market today, especially with GBP and CAD. All my trades were about these 2 currencies, and all hit SL

Here is my GBPUSD

--- 帖子 #365 ---
For your 2nd one , the M60, look to the bars on the left of your entry bar. I see 4-5 SMALL RANGE bars lined up horizontally taking a nap. Do you see a trend there for the last 4-5 hours??? I do not, so I would be looking at lower time frames, at a different pair, or simply walking away and doing something else.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Hmm.. Thank you DrDave. So I guess my USDCAD below also has the same problem?

From the fundamental perspective, can also explain to me why oil price is still free falling yet CAD is gaining ground? Am I missing something here?

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Hi Klausi

Any idea how this is calculated. I built my own using the diff between 2 moving average points divided by the amount the price should have moved using atr*the number of hours(period) being used.

Source would be the ultimate if not any info or just point me to where I could find it would be great.

This is an important piece in the trading puzzle for me.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #368 ---
On your M240, I don't see a sell entry trigger if you are using the low of UP bars. The only way you could have triggered a sell was to have used the low of the DOWN bar that closed after the up bar. If that is in your entry plan, then nothing you can do about the results because there will be instances where there is no follow through, like here, and you will be stopped out.

Also, if you want to add some technical analysis, look how many bars this M240 has been in a downtrend, and look how it has done a 1-2-3 down-up-down (not so distinct with regular price bars, but it is there.). It is highly unlikely that it would continue down much more with those two things in place.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Most just die away slowly.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
I hope you are wrong. Currently 20 traders are viewing so some interest continues. But you are right (fdosanchez) I think it can be 'beautiful.'

Perhaps not complex enough to generate many questions (which is surely a good thing).   Easy to apply to your own  trading.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
And yet, 12 pages on, we're still here, with some good quality content added recently by DrDave. You are always welcome to move on, though.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Amen!

--- 帖子 #373 ---
and thanks to Dr Dave for helpful commentary on the forum.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
FWIW, EURAUD short. Hoping for another go at today's low. Anyone else in?

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Can we just talk about trading?

people come here to help each other trade and earn money

whoever doesn’t want to earn money, pls leave

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Sorry didn't mean to be nasty just my experience over the years.  There's not much to it, classic retracement, and I have built a previous EA which did exactly this strategy, slightly different MA settings.  The problem is that it will work well in heavy trending moves but will be catastrophic in sideways events,

You best chance is to develop some filters and for it to be hugely successful, which I hope you are.

I wish you well and I will be looking in occasionally.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
No offence taken, Spikehunter, but please don't even mention an EA for this simple method. It is the trader's job to be able to navigate between trending and non trending conditions. There's a lot of discretion involved, and that's why it's best traded manually, imho. Best of luck to you, stay safe.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
AUDNZD and gold trying to push higher (AUD positive), USDCAD  trying to move lower (often moves in the same direction as EURAUD). It's all about the support now, and that last push...

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Hi Finessence . . . may I assume that your monthly return at 162 % includes other types of trading than the Magic 100?  I noticed that Minotaur previously mentioned his return to be 20% per month (average).

--- 帖子 #380 ---
No offence taken. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Hi Forest-Sea. Over the years I've developed my own preferred style of trading, mostly based on PA. The 100 EMA just happens to supplement the picture for me.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Ouch! This time without me.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Just to be clear and not to cause confusion, in this thread I'm only posting trades that are in line with the system.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Hey guys, how you doing so far?

I am happy to see, that this thread is growing. I hope it`s usefull for somebody. Haven`t found time yet to read all the recent posts. Maybe on weekend

Stay strong and safe!

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Excellent.  Congratulations on your ongoing effort that has paid off handsomely.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Morning everyone!

Here is my GBPAUD trade today, R:R = 1:2, R=~70 pips. what do you guys think? Am I wrong?

Currently at -31pips as I am posting this

Update current at -51 pips now...

Update now at +22pips.. phewww  think I am about to move SL to BE

Update, I exit half at +81.5 pips, and moved SL to positive side.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
I have been trading for awhile now using a similar concept so far, I think what people are not getting/understanding when using this strategy is "Trend".

Here's a trade, GBPUSD - Trading under the EMA 100 according to the rules it should be sell.. But if you zoom out and look at the chart alittle, the immediate trend is going up. If a signal came in, would you short it? i wouldnt.

--- 帖子 #388 ---
When I am interested in setups on M60, I also have open M15 and M5. When M5 EMA100 goes flat, and especially when price simply cycles around it, I am concerned about the direction changing. Whether it will be a mere retracement or a trend reversal will not be known until it is proven later. However, I at least stop entering new orders and either protect profits or close open ones. Attached Image     Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #389 ---
I do but at discounted price

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Ah, I understand, that was meant for New traders or beginners who trade strategies blindly. I read through the whole 20page thread, I realized alot of them are Hard-Trading. They just stick to the rules set and blind trade it. Sadly Trading does not work this way. For experienced trader like yourself, feel free to ignore my 2cents, me myself have only started 6-7 months pretty new if i would say.

But personally, I dont like to look for confirmation from LTFs, I go for HTFs. I feel like personally HTF determines the longer term trend and LTF determines the immediate momentum.

This one trade that i am currently in, My profit just hit 2R and I moved my SL to BE TP at 3R.

P.S I am not trading this on isolation, I just merely blocked out my S/R levels and my fibbonaci levels to clean up my charts

Update : TP 3R hit ;D

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Clean trend, Clean retrace.

This is something i would trade personally, waiting for a good signal.

Any 2cents from more experienced trader?

--- 帖子 #392 ---
NZDUSD - GL

--- 帖子 #393 ---
No offense, but the EMA shows down, but the trends looks conflicting. Not to mention it was ranging few hours prior. Take cautious , and stay safe ;D

--- 帖子 #394 ---
EURAUD has done its best to show me the middle finger today; missed that beautiful train south completely. So I'm doing the next best thing - USDCAD short. Oil pushing higher today, that should help.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Hey mate, When you are free. Maybe you should add to avoid metals and exotic pairs, or the spread may kill some beginner trader before they even have a chance hahaha..

P.S just my 2 cents ;P

--- 帖子 #396 ---
There's the H4 100 in the way; let's see if it can push through. SL @BE.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
The EUR/USD pair fell to a fresh 3-week low of 1.0755 this Thursday, undermined by worse than expected macroeconomic figures. Markit released the preliminary estimates of April PMIs which posted record contractions, amid the coronavirus-related lockdown. The German manufacturing index fell to 34.3 while services output contracted to 15.9. For the whole Union, the manufacturing PMI resulted at 33.6, while the services index plunged to 11.7, all record lows. Also, the German GFK Consumer Confidence Survey for May plummeted to -23.4 against the previous 2.7.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Is there a trade of yours, hiding somewhere in the tangle of the MAs? If no, what's the point of your post?

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Learn from my mistakes, guys. Micromanaging a trade, especially when it's already @BE is counterproductive. Fuming!

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Better results are obtained when you examine ALL of the timeframes. When the General is planning a battle, does he take his intelligence reports only from the right side of the battle zone, or does he consider the intelligence reports from everywhere that has relevance to the impending battle?

Looking at smaller timeframes should not mean looking for confirmation. Rather, it should be looking for signs that the current trend of the "control" timeframe is either weakening or continuing.

Also, indeed, higher time frames set a ZONE in which lower timeframes do cycling. The cycling "percolates" upward through the time frames. So, as the cycling in timeframes catch up to the "control" timeframe, there finally is a contest between the buyers and sellers to decide if the current trend (of the "control" timeframe) continues or is broken. You won't see this coming if you don't look left.

Consider your idea that HTF determines the longer term trend. So, let's check MN and find it is clearly in a downtrend with price below EMA100 for 135 months, except for a small excursion above the EMA spanning about 12 months. Now let's go have a look at the H1 chart, scrolling back about 1 year, and see how sell setups look. Hmmm, price is crossing UP on EMA100 , which is about flat, and then price stayed above the EMA100 for the next 170 H1 bars (about 1 month).  Price then came below EMA100 for about 50 H1 bars (about 4 days), then back above for about 145 H1 bars (about 10 days), then back down. So clearly, this specific strategy of using a high timeframe for direction and a smaller timeframe for momentum/trade setups leaves a lot to be desired. Indeed, the EMA100 on H1 is a fairly good proxy for the price on W1, so now is it a surprise that if blindly following "sell when price is below EMA100" that there are stretches on H1 that work REALLY well, but also there are some stretches of REALLY BAD trades as well?

Like anything else that you want to do well, you must put in time to study the subject. In this case, the patterns  and behaviors of the price and indicators of the instruments and timeframes that you intend to trade.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
I don't see that you marked any trade setups on the chart, so I don't see how that it helps yourself or anyone else if there is nothing to comment about other than "clean trend".

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Price is above the 100EMA. Why you sell?

--- 帖子 #403 ---
AUD/JPY 1H looks like a proper setup. Let's see how the friday will play it out.

I will definitely close it either way at the end of the day.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #404 ---
I made a good run today on GBPAUD, 1H chart. Close to +90 pips now, moved my SL lower and extended my TP lower as well

--- 帖子 #405 ---
The reasons for the trade are explained in the very post you quoted. The pending itself was below the MA.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
A textbook short. Well done!

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Placing the pending order below the EMA is too subtle. Remember, most folks here are looking for a clear trend and retracement with price already below the EMA when making that trend evaluation. So, with no run of down bars, let alone absence of the pullback after the down run below the EMA means too early to be selling.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Thank you Finessence

Guys, 2 more potential setups for your consideration. quick quick!

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Point taken, although I would definitely welcome more advanced traders joining the thread. There is no growth without challenge.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Had a feeling this thread would look so different after not posting in a while lol.

Anyways, I still use this in my system and trading EUR/AUD (1HR) this would net you ALOT of pips. Well over 1000 pips to be a bit more precise.

It works in-line with my system anyways so it was refreshing to see people trading a similar style.

Ignore my arrows on the chart, those aren't relevant right now.

Yellow lines are entries and red lines stop loss.

Red is 50EMA which I use as a filter but 100EMA is above.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #411 ---
market seems to be going the opposite direction today

--- 帖子 #412 ---
LOL. Yes, trends end.

You can see it more clearly on M15 with the higher low followed by higher high.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #413 ---
xkwisit2001 I see you've used bearish candles as an entry too, which I think makes sense. I will take it as an example.

Haven't backtested EUR/AUD, but for me AUD/JPY and GBP/USD looks promising:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

(200EMA is added; 2R only; winners are closed some time before NY close)

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Only a ema and you simply buy and sell, too simple and risky

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Hi

Please would you mind sharing your freehand writing tool. Thank You.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
USDCAD, yesterday

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Hello everyone, how are you guys? has anyone made any trade recently on this strategy? any win?

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Have you made any trade on it, why don't you share , or try to find a set up using the strategy and share with us?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Hi Everyone,

I'm new to this forum, I just started to try out this system last week. I ended last week just above BE despite a couple of rookie mistakes, so not bad. My best trade was 120 pips on GBP/NZD :-)

I've currently got a short trade open on EUR/JPY and my put a pending order on USD/JPY after the next 1H candle closes. First trade this week as most pairs seem to have been ranging this week so not good conditions for this system right? Then the good moves I spotted were too steep and fast so there were no pullbacks to enter on. Is this why the forum is so quite at the moment? Just waiting it out?

Thanks for the system

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Hey guys! My first post on FF, so hello  I’ve been trading this type of system for quite a long while now on different time frames and so will give my few “tips” from my experience of trading “this” system (it’s very close and the basic concepts are the same as the OP’s) and what, at least, works for me.

Gismo - firstly, I see a lot of your trades you posted that were losers from your first “bad start day” were pretty sub-par takes IMO. You’ll probably notice most of your winning trades you posted were all during MUCH stronger trending moves. The first group you posted were taken in what I see as a very whippy market, even if they were with the “general” trend direction. I trade this style of system on the 4, 1 and also use the “style” of entry a lot intra day on the 15 min timeframe, and for me - speaking of the 1hr now - personally, it’s not just important to me that the price is above the 100 EMA or that the trend on a 4 hour chart is in an uptrend... YES, I want to be with that overall trend and direction of the HTF’s, as if you catch it well - and let’s be honest, get lucky! - you can benefit from some monster 10+ R/R trades, but I also need the 1hour chart to be showing a strong trend too. Just being below a 100 ema for me is not enough. I use a a 50 and 20 EMA and ideally, need a strong move below the 20, with at least one pull back to create a lower high (on a DT obvs), and a continuation to the downside. Then, I will look for possible entries on the next retracement.

Imagining a downtrend again here, I like to place my sell stops a few pips (depends on the pair... 3 pips on EURUSD is very different to 3 pips on GBPAUD for example when taking ATR into account) below the previous closed and printed candle. I stress the importance for me as this being a proper retracement candle.. not one that has a low the same level as the last candle of the main move. I find the best setups to have candles of a similar range retrace with higher lows on each one. IF the next retracement candle reaches lows slightly lower than the previous candle (but not low enough to trigger me in), I get a little wary and in most cases deems the trade opportunity invalid for me. This is based on using this system to enter on the 15 min TF fairly often... I find most of the time, they are not as successful.

A few other things I look for / try to avoid:

Really try to get a good feel for price action in general. Understanding market structure and considering things such as likely range below (or above) you for the market to move into is important. I won’t take trades like this into major levels. 0 point. Wait for a clear breakout or bounce if near major levels. Also, If I see a huge hammer or bullish engulfer for example, I will not take trades off the following retracement candles. I also like to see candles of a certain size - it’s hard to explain, but I won’t take huge candle entries, and am also wary of very small candles. There are enough markets and opportunities out there to be patient for the beat probability setups!

Lastly - R/R. I manage each one slightly differently to be honest. I usually move my stop to BE at 1:1. It can be frustrating getting hit out and then seeing the market go off, but u can always get back in (especially quite easily using this method), and for me, after countless backtesting and live testing and analysing my results, for me, by doing that it has SAVED me more money than it has prevented me from making. Also, on those 3/4/5 trades in a row that are break even that would’ve been losers, for me, it helps mentally. My first aim is to protect what I have! The profits follow when they’re ready

Sometimes, my other method, if I feel good about the trade and think it may need some more room to breathe, I will take 25/30% out at 1:1 and then move my stop to about half the range it was initially... it all depends on the moment. Only practice and gut feel will give you the means to decide. Even then, oftentimes you’ll get it wrong. But it doesn’t matter too much over the long haul! Taking profits - again, it depends... I aim for 1:3 on the hourly (1:4 on the 4 hour), but if the market’s flying, I’ll trail it. I find moving down to the 15 min chart is good for this, and I keep my stop two swing highs above.. sometimes I’ll take 50% out, then aim to get back in on a pull back with another 50% at a better price. But guys, really, you have to have to have to get used to and be comfortable with letting profits go. Every now and then, especially with a system like this, you can benefit from some crazy 15/20:1 Risk/Reward trades if you sit on your hands. Yeah often you’ll end up having your trailing stop (manual stop btw, not a set number of pips!!!), and thinking “ah man I could’ve had an extra 30 pips if I’d taken it out down there”... but if you’re still getting 1.5-2:1 in those scenarios, and picking good quality setups, you’ll still be doing well. And then when once every now and then, you have one run and run and run, where you can (and feel comfortable to!) add to it along the way.. it’s THOSE trades - those trades where you make 10/15% of your account in one trade - that make you really realise its worth.

Good luck! Backtest backtest backtest, note ALL variables and permutations and “what ifs” until you get the system working to suit you and your personality. And once you do, you can chill and relax knowing it will work over time. Be lucky!

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Hi Intraflay,

Thanks for the post, great info. I'm new so the info helps me understand this kind of system much better. Can I ask how many trades you average per week? And how many did you get this week?

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Hi mate, ah it really depends on what else I have going on. Some days I’m very active and in and out a lot, other days / weeks much less so and take positions based on the higher timeframes. However this week, actually, there were some amazing opportunities. Especially in GBPUSD. It’s important to understand that this strategy is an amazing way to enter the market, but as the OP meant when he said “use common sense”, it’s not just a case of, for example on a down trend, ‘ahhh, there’s a green candle, boom I’m in’. I personally use it more as an ENTRY strategy in alignment with pure, totally naked price action, rather than it just being as simple as seeing an opposite colour candle and jumping on it. Take Tues 12th this week as an example. Price had made a sharp move to the DS following a fairly bullish move. Often, when this happens, the market will be drawn back to a key level. In this instance 1.2370 ish. That was a very prominent zone all last week, and so this week, price headed back there to see what the market made of it. There was a ALOT of liquidity up there. Now, I took a short there based on that information and the way price reacted to being back at that level.. not just using this idea of trying every retracement candle on the way up there haha. But I did use this way to enter, the market, as I often do, as it’s very powerful in that sense. Especially if you can read the ebb and flow of the market fairly well too and use them together. Understand how the market has phases.. push phases and then retracement/exhaustion phases.

GBPUSD then offered multiple chances of getting in again throughout the week. If you want to have an easy (easier at least ha), way of deciding when to take the opportunities, put a 50 EMA on the hourly, and only start trying to enter the market using this strategy when price gets close to it. The 50 is particularly good in my experience. You’ll miss a lot of trades, but you’ll also sift out a lot of rubbish. Have a look back at the pound from this week and try to see and “feel” what the price action is saying whilst it was retracing. That’s v important for me. And don’t be too het up about the colour of the retracement candles too. The best entry ones are often of the same colour as the trend, especially such as a bearish pin bar, close to the 50 EMA, following a few green or mixed retracement candles. If I see that - that sellers are starting to really show signs of getting back in and jumping on the trend, that’s when I will be placing my sell stop without hesitation.

Couple of other bits of advice.. and both are important imo..

1. You asked if I had any winners this week etc. Yep - and losers. Just as the OP said, the most important thing is to be consistent. And maybe from your Qn, I get the vibe you may be a bit focused on the here and now. I often have 4/5/6 losing trades/break evens in a row. That doesn’t mean my system (and that includes this strategy) is broken. It’s how it performs over time. Not just 5 or 6 trades. So, with this in mind - for good psychology I personally really would recommend moving your stops to break even after 1:1 and maybe even taking 30/35% out then too.. JUST to begin with. It’ll help with the psychology. Take a bit out at 1:1 and move your stop to break even and then set a hard stop at 3:1 and let it go, or better still, just trail the remainder. I find with this strategy, esp if you’re getting in right back up at the 50/100 ema, that if it’s gonna win, it’s gonna win big. So trailing is the way to go. I have boatloads if break even trades that would’ve ended up being losers to be honest. And as I say, it just helps me psychologically to not see bigger than I’d like drawdowns mount up from a string of losers. Chip away, slowly but surely, and then one in every 15/20 trades you’ll catch a corker of a move which’ll give your account a boost.

2. For god sake, get rid of all the indicators. Some of the charts I’ve seen posted on here scramble my brain!! You literally can hardly even see the candles. And believe me it’s the candles that tell u the real story. And if you’re just starting out, learning to read price action and get a feeeeel for how the markets move and react at key levels etc is so so so important. Keep your charts clean. I’ll have a moving average or two on there, max, and occasionally pull up the ATR indicator to help with setting a stop loss but that, is, it. Draw in key levels, watch the price move, and look at how it reacts in those zones. It’s so valuable, it really is.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Hi intraflay

Hope you are keeping well.

I'm a long time member of FF, but due personal circumstances have been out of the action for a long time. Finally trying to dip my toes back in and get my head round FX. Really enjoyed reading your posts. Hope it's OK to ask a few things. Due to my current situation I can only check the charts in the evenings, so essentially daily TF. What would you recommend as a setup on daily for this system? What is your maximum % risk on each trade? A big ask - are you able to post some trades or better still some videos with your analysis. I know I will certainly benefit from it as I'm sure others will too. I understand, everyone is busy, so if you are unable to, no problem - your posts have been really helpful regardless and any further help will be really appreciated.

OP - thanks for starting this thread.

All the best

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Hi intraflay,thank you for your beige here, helps even when you report from your experience

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Hi, Do you have an EA? It's probably a good idea to ad an oscillator. And use SAR and fractals too.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #426 ---
To be honest I’d say the logic with all price action / strategies is the same for every time frame. They just have different characteristics. I find the longer the time frame the more reliable, but obviously the more patient you need to be because the ranges you’re working with are so much larger. Really, I’m no expert at all - I’m not! But I’m just disciplined and trust the process. My risk per trade depends on the type of trading I’m doing. Normally 1%. If I’m scalping only 1/2 %. But if I see a setup with huge confluence - such as a retest of a major level which marries up with a long term trend line and an important EMA on the longer time frames, sometimes I’ll risk 2%, as you have a lot throwing the odds in your favour then - but never more than 2%. This OP’s strategy is really good for adding to positions. Once I’ve moved my SL to BE and am in decent profit, I’ll take another position once the setup presents itself again and add to my original position. As I said before - chip away bit by bit, but when things are going well for you, really try to take advantage of it and capitalise! Not in my office for the next few days so don’t have anything to show unfortunately at the moment. If I’m not so busy next week maybe I can upload some screenshots. But I’m a big believer in each person having to find their own way. A lot of backtesting and hard work. It’s easy to see someone’s trades they’ve taken, but to say you’d be able to replicate it is a different story. I see how my tennis coach hits the ball... like a god! It looks easy, he makes it look easy, but can I do it the same? Nah! Haha. Trading is such a personal thing in a very creative way, and it’s important to find your own way. Not what people want to hear but I think it’s true. Re analysis... there’s a guy on YouTube whose videos I watch sometimes as he trades in general in a very similar way to me. This is veering of the OP’s post to be honest as like I say, I use this “strategy” more as a means to enter rather than a standalone strategy. But if you want to learn about pure price action and see how I also trade, check out Rockzfx on YouTube. He’s a very good teacher. I’ll reiterate how much I hate indicators - they lag, and they take your focus away from the price. I do exactly as rockz does in his vids - draw a temp line of importance based on the 4hr, then also add a rectangle to highlight areas price has moved into and not been able to break through, then jump down to the hourly, and then when ready to try to enter, the 15min chart. Those rectangle areas are important to me. If price has been pushing into and beyond it for a while leaving lots of wicks and closes just below it (when I’m short biased), then it’s the market telling u something. You just need to try to work out where the bulk of buyers and sellers are. With indicators, you can’t do that, and you’re too occupied with seeing what they’re doing, not with what’s actually clearly happening in front of you!

Anyway, digressing massively from the OP so gonna leave it at that!

--- 帖子 #427 ---
hello intraflay, may I ask for your video that you made. you can put it in here?

--- 帖子 #428 ---
I haven’t made a video mate!  Sorry... I’m just so busy this weekend!

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Thanks again for your reply and insight. I will work with your tips and advice next week and see how I go. I can see how price on GBP/USD traced along the 50 EMA this week. I'll try the trailing stop idea for trades when price is close to that.

I am too focused on the here and now but it's not just that I get impatient, I am trying to reduce my trade times (when possible) for three other reasons:

- The way the market is at the moment I want to take profits and run, the longer a wining trade is open the more chance it has to reverse. Will start taking 1/3 off at 1:1.

- To free up margin for other opportunists.

- I find that trades that linger on limit me for taking conflicting or even consolidated trades on other pairs.

Don't know if anyone else worries about these things.

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Great stuff. Appreciate the reply. I've seen some of rockfx's stuff...will look a little deeper.

Agree, don't want to veer away from or hijack the OP's thread. if you have time, maybe you can start your own...I'm sure many traders would be interested in your insights! :-)

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
I also suffer from that at times mate - impatience.. and always worried about missing other opportunities etc, but actually, oftentimes, I get like that (not so much now to be fair, but I sure used to!) and would jump on something else, only to realise a few minutes or a few hours later that actually, the opportunity I missed, was the trade I was already IN. If you manage a trade badly or get out prematurely just because u want to go elsewhere to trade, that normally ends up as bad news. Often a loser on the “new” one, and seeing the winning trade you were already in run off without you. That’s annoying!! If a market’s trending strongly and you’re in it already sitting on nice profits, you have to trail it. At least a portion of it! And then u can always look for new opportunities to get into the trade you’re already in and add to it. Something nice about taking what looks like a good setup on a pair you’re already in and 30/40/50/60/100 pips, whatever, up on!

Not quite sure what you meant by “the way the market is at the moment”. This past week has seen some of the best, biggest moves in a while. A lot of pairs hunted back to that price where it roughly was at the start of the pandemic and all the madness, and I wouldn’t mind betting there’re gonna be some fairly big moves to follow. Cable, Euro, GBP/JPY all had some seriously nice moves with some clear as hell setups this week.

All the best mate and good luck and let us know how u get on with this OP strategy, but by consciously trying to pick the better times to enter

--- 帖子 #432 ---
let's see if the course continues   eurnzd

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Magically money from your account will disappear if you follow it

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Hi guys, how everyone is doing so far? I hope you killing the markets

Sorry for not posting so much in last days, i`ve been very busy. But i see great content here, many experienced traders sharing their knowledge. Excellent!

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Many beautifull setups this days! I hope you catch some of them. I will show a few trades that i am take lately.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Thank you my friend and welcome!

This is pure gold. Well done. Many beginner traders (and experts as well) could benefit from this. Great one!

--- 帖子 #437 ---
I took a few trades in my holidays. I just couldn't resist. Don`t blame me

Both on H4 TF, both were pure art. I think they show perfect the beauty of this style of trading. Nice and clear...

EUR/AUD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBP/AUD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #438 ---
hello, with the trades you have your vacation out again

--- 帖子 #439 ---
DAX was a cash mashine  Crazy moves

--- 帖子 #440 ---
From yesterday, DAX is a beast

--- 帖子 #441 ---
EUR/JPY had very good movements...

--- 帖子 #442 ---
...and from today

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Hey family i have been a member here at FF for many years and found that mindset is everything when it comes to trading success, so i have a resource that might help you when you trade...i wish all a successful trading career....

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #444 ---
hello, de 30, the first trade worked great.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
eurusd

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Congratulation, my friend. You did a perfect trade!

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Most excellent Minotawr; these are the ones that I have been struggling with, but now that you have shown us the way, it should never be the case again.

Deeply appreciative of your sharing.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Hi colleagues,

This thread looks promisinig. I will definitely try this strategy.

Do you have any summary of the results using this system?

I could only see a brief summary in the post 286.

Thanks

Regards

--- 帖子 #449 ---
You  most welcomed,  my friend. I am glad i could help. Belief in your self and enjoy the journey. At the end, we all can do some magic!

--- 帖子 #450 ---
I don't want to conjure, I'm not born for that, but follow your System

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Hello, again Minotawr,

Thank you for your kindness accorded me, it is so much appreciated.

However, I have some "egg over my face" this morning when the attached screenshot opened up on my screen.

It is the US30-H1 chart with annotations as I honestly could not be 100% sure that I had it right. Would you mind just checking this out for me so that I can either burn it into my memory bank or regroup and find more "toughies" like these to practice on.

Explanation as follows:

I numbered the candles starting from 2 hours earlier as "A" (Green candle) with Hi/Lo-lines showing Aqua for top and Yellow bottom.

The opening candle is the vertical line at 09h00 platform time and so I was looking at a continuation of the short ( because the candle "C" is already short) and selected candle A's LOW as a short entry set-up.

Is this correct?

Thank you for responding at your convenience.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
missed, super trade Hercs

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Hi jonivaio, are you using some script or indicator for your entries as displayed on your pictures? If yes would you be so kind to share?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Hi Hercs, yes, this was a good one  Keep on...

I was on something similar on DAX30

--- 帖子 #455 ---
DAX30 delivers magical textbook trades in these days

--- 帖子 #456 ---
DAX30 once more a boomer , over 100 pips...he took advantage of the bank holidays. Since you found a good trending pair/index, you have to squeeze that mf out

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Simillar today

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Awesome, my friend! Keep it coming

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Today again very nice trade on DAX.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Excellent teapeak!!! Nice and easy profit. You become a real magician

--- 帖子 #461 ---
I was also on S&P500. Great trades overall...

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Minotawr, you are Looking only index?

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Hi Minotawr, thanks for the thread man!

I'm new to this thread so sorry if my questions are obvious.

I didn't realize until recently that you're trading the system on indexes, is that a new thing or not?

I ask because I'm not having much look with picking good pairs to trade, keep getting the wrong one or the wrong time. There's is two 1h bear candles on the S&P ATM that looks like a valid setup for a long trade I worry that it's to late for the trend which has been going strong for a few day and could be overbought.. I would love to know your thoughts if you have time.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Hi Ingo, off course not. But the dax30 and S&P500 developed a really nice, strong trend, so i will ride it till it ends.

Both delivered text book trades for "Magic100", so i decide to post it

--- 帖子 #465 ---
The trend is your friend, so go with the trend as long as it lasts. Leave the "fear of losing" behind. Losing trades are part of the business.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
the trend is indeed your friend

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Great, thanks for that.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
it seems easy method but sorry my brain was too slow to understand the concept. perhaps someone can make simple video and upload into youtube or here so that I can see the how it works..

really keen to know this

--- 帖子 #469 ---
I like good magic.

I've a question though.

What is the difference between Magic and Miracle?

Best answer gets a gold star and maybe a cookie!  lol

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Hi there! Thanks for great system. But where you guys are placing SL? Any method?

--- 帖子 #471 ---
A miracle is: when a newbie steps in the thread and doesn`t ask me for an EA

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Welcome my friend! Please read the first post

--- 帖子 #473 ---
everybody wants to be rich, but nobody wants work hard for...

--- 帖子 #474 ---
NZD/USD

is it simple? Yes! Is it easy? No! Not many had the patience and discipline to follow strikt rules.

You decide...

--- 帖子 #475 ---
EUR/JPY

is it hard to spot?

--- 帖子 #476 ---
DAX30

once again. Wait for the right time, act and just see the story to unfold...

--- 帖子 #477 ---
First trade in Magic 100
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Hello, in the dax I just took 10 points short

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #480 ---
eurgbp

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Hi Minotawr,

took the same trades but didn't arrived to TP. What about to move SL to breakeven to avoid loosing trades, when it will be in profit X pips when X is some ratio of SL or use some trailing? Any suggestion or other idea?

Thanks.

Tea

--- 帖子 #482 ---
It´s up to you, mate. Every trader is different. I rarely going to BE. Figured out that i am more successfull in the long run. You have to find something that suits you

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hi there Thanks for simplest system ever i seen, as i'm new to trading and willing to learn from your system so far just reading yours and all members posts from all pages and trying to mark charts for back testing and its very interesting system i must say but i'm having some issue's if you can clarify " Minotawr " i will highly appreciate it. I attached one of your chart and marked 2 candles. So the market is in uptrend in the picture so are we looking for just red candle or the colour doesn't matter? as you can see the first red candle i marked and if i move my entry to next green then next green then next green then on 4rth red candle buy stop triggered and price went to another direction and in that case stop loss got triggered. i get it not all the trades always winner but confusion is are we marking red candles only and ignoring the green one's or we will move our buy stop to the next candle wether its green or red ? or  in down trend vise versa?

I will appreciate it if you can please answer i know might you answered it before but i didn't see in previous pages.

Thankyou again

--- 帖子 #484 ---
After I view from page one to all pages and some lectures from admin, i think I get the point..

Can you share the fibo point you made for entry

--- 帖子 #485 ---
First of all, thank Minotawr for sharing your trading system. It's so simple and elegant that I think everyone can make profit with it.

I tried to do 100 backtest using bar replay on Tradingview. However I just manage to do 50 trades and the results is amazing

I tested on GOLD/USD on daily chart and R:R is 2:1.

With all respect, I add ADX and DI into your system to clarify the trend and determine when to stay out of the market.

If price is closed to 100EMA or ADX line go under 20, don't trade.

It help me win 32/50 trades. 64% win rate and made 250% equity only after 50 trades.

Here is the excel file I use to do backtest and picture of several backtest on tradingview. Everyone feels free to use my file to backtesting. If you do, Im really happy if you share your work with us.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Wonder what the optimal RR would be?

One would think the RR could be much higher than 2:1 with the 'Magic' "system".

Perhaps try 4: 1 RR or higher

but now on to more important stuff

Query:  What is the difference between Magic and Magick?

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Hello, when are the bsten entered with the adx, MaxNNQ.

Magic is when good people share simple profitable strategies for free

--- 帖子 #488 ---
It's been some time since posting. I trade a different strategy. However, I still incorporate this and was thinking. Adding a 21EMA might help (thin green not thick).

See chart: in uptrend when price gets close to 21EMA you can set pending trades on the pin bars closest to the EMA in the trend direction.

I also personally use 30M for my entry. 21 EMA works best for me. I marked my entries in yellow with arrow as direction..

Thats my style though. Using the pin bars as you know there is strong resistance or support depending on trend direction.

Any questions... just ask.

Note: thick green line is 50EMA. Works well as extra support/resistance to see if trend reversal is coming. Thats for my system.

There were other pin bars to use but I just marked up mine rough so you get the idea.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Try adding 21EMA and backtest with the pin bar entries on 30M. See which is better. I've not tested the percentage but works amazingly for me.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Minotawr, I really like your system as it has huge potential

Working right know on some variation of money managment thar can be used in your system.

Menawhile is there any chance you can share the template.

I really like how your chart looks ( color, backgorund and everything)

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Hello Miniotwar.

in your live experience and back testing, which currency pairs are best to trade with your strategy.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
I put ADX into the system not to find the entry point but rather to know when we should look for something else or stay out and chill.

I find it best to keep the strategy simple and pending order on every candle. However, when the market go side way this strategy will not work. Therefore, I can increase the win rate by stop trading lol.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Pin bar as a signal of reversal to enter the market is definitely help to improve the win rate.

However adding more line would create more noise, I think the key of this Magic 100 is simple. It's already tell us when and where to enter the market. I don't need to find the entry point here, I simply add ADX to give me the signal NOT TO TRADE.

Also how can you tell which is the closest candle to the 21EMA? On the history chart, it's easy to tell but as present how could you sure it is the one?

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Hello, I didn't get the question here.

2:1 is just the first quick test. I'll do the 3:1 later.

And MAGIC is as Ingo 3344 said:"Magic is when good people share simple profitable strategies for free "

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Great example, very simple, will look at it how effective it is.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
MaxNNQ, you can show again with a picture what you mean by the adx

--- 帖子 #496 ---
@minotavr how was performance for month of May for you? April looked good.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
If you see pin bars and it's near 21EMA and direction is up then you set pending order on the pin bar. It's not hard to see if it's close to the moving average.

Even if other candles get closer it doesn't matter because it's a pending buy order.

I never told you to trade what I use, it's a mere suggestion in case it helps as its working great for me. If you go back to first post you'll see my quoted post. I know how to trade it perfectly.

Last 2 months completely green for me.

Trade safe.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Thank you. I read all the page and I know you understand and explain this strategy really well. I'll try your suggestion then post the result here.

ADX is the white line, as you can see. When it go under the dash line (level 20), it means no trend is going. Even the last  2 trades when ADX going down show 2 loss.

That when I know we could stop trading this pair

--- 帖子 #499 ---
My only question is let say your In a up trend and a red candle is form followed by a smaller green candle which did not broke the high of the red , would the top  of that green candle be your new buy stop or you only buy above red candle

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Nice trades from GBPJPY, , GBPUSD and AUDUSD

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Do we need to confirm EMA100 is tally with both daily and H1 time frame before entering?

For example: if we see EMA100 below candlestick in daily, we need to ensure in H1 as well

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Hope you are following the rules. Besides where is your magic 100? Is it invisible?

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Hope you are following the rules.  where is your magic 100 ? Is it invisible?

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Hey tea,

do you see why i don`t like breakeven?

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Hey Ghost, thanks for joining. Please read mindful the thread agian, especially the first post. This is the essential part of the system

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Hey mate, nice to see you here. The fibo point was already discussed many times, especially in the beginning.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Hi Max, thanks for backtesting! Great results, not to say even magical

But not suprising to me....Like you said:" I think everyone can make profit with it."

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Hi dagoods, i have best results with 1:3 RR. But nothing is wrong with "let the profits run"

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Hi DB, thank you! Welcome here. The template is nothing fancy, just a clean chart, but if you find it usefull...

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Ingo my friend, wait i will charge 100$ from now on everebody is using "Magic 100"

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Hey buddy, like i said before: You can use any of the currencies, even the stocks

Make sure the one you are trading is showing a good trend behaviour

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Thank you very much Degolep! Apreciate the praise from experienced traders

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Hey sweetmoya, please read the first pages of the thread, i am sure you will find the answer

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Awesome tea!!! Great trades! You are a true master of "magic"

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Hey Max, I am glad that you are using ADX to your advantage, but it has nothing to do with the "Magic 100" system. We will keep it simple here.

No offence, sorry

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Hey my friend. May was great, start very slow but gave me a real bust on the second half

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Hi Minotawr,

Just want to ask:

1) You take ALL trades that match the rules or just take some eg only some favorite pairs you like.

2) You take ALL trade with 3R or some are 2R ??

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Dear Mino....this your valuable system most suitable with ecn broker..because i think if we are using other brokers their spread is some time effect to loss our trade ,that's  my observation .what do you think...?

--- 帖子 #519 ---
All trades were taken by the rules. RR was 1:3, sometimes higher.

--- 帖子 #520 ---
More nice trades Thanks Minotawr for this nice and easy system.

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Very nice my friend! Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
DAX30 was a killer once again. Nice and easy: straight moves, magic profits. Start now and see your account growing

--- 帖子 #523 ---
And one more on DAX

--- 帖子 #524 ---
HAHAHA, nice, i like that

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Greetings Xkwisit . . .   wondering how you decide when 'enough is enough.'  That is, when to exit.  If you pick up several retraces to or beyond the 21 line and hold all positions what is your que to finally take full profit and close?

And thanks so much for your input.

F-S

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Hi Mate, I use weekly pivot levels to help exit my trades .

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Hello Minotawr. Thanks a lot for the simple to follow strategy. Just got my first trade yesterday and it was a winner. Question for you and the rest of traders - How do you manage finding trades?

As this strategy works on the formation of a pattern, do you have to look at the charts every hour for set ups? Or do you have some sort of trigger that sends you a trade alert?

Thanks.

Brent.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Ah, very nice.  Thanks.  You are very brave it seems in your trading, but you have found another edge.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
dear xkw...as per method your are using 21 ems for 30m chart..simple. so in this method you said that you take trade based on pin bars perform close  to the ema. my question do you Wait till directional candle perform & closed it to get the order.(eg..if we consider sell order until closed the red candle ) what's your suggestion

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Great question Sam.

I've found that because the 21 EMA acts as support a lot of the time you will probably see more than one pin bar or at least some kind of bullish pressure as price gets near the EMA.

I'd wait for the candle to close and then set the pending order.

You want to make sure it has a decent enough Wick though and a bit of a body for an easy entry when setting the pending order.

Hope I'm making sense! Just woke up ha.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Thank you for the contribution, fantastic usage of the moving average 100. Have you thought of the combination of 50 - 100 and 200 in one places? Might further enhance the system's profitability in trading with the trend

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Why everyone want's to improve something that has been working for years(as the op said)? Minotawr said that EMA100 is just for visuals and not just blindly use it as a holy grail MA.

But if you think some other indicators could help improve the strategy, test it before for a long period then provide results and we will all be happy if it contributes to improving the strategy.

My contribution is this simple indicator where you can see if price is above/below of the EMA 100. You can use my setfile and modify whatever you need.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Nice indicator, thanks.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
DAX rulez

--- 帖子 #535 ---
How many candles long the pending order? Only one candle?

--- 帖子 #536 ---
ok dear thanks a lot for reply...1st will try with dimo

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Hello, do you drag the sl into the plus if it is 1-1 as here ?

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Few more trades.....

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Can you post the indicator that draws the arrows on the retracement candle?

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Hi, what indicators you used here? You got a PM from me as well  THanks!

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Thanks my friend for the comment! I don´t get it also. The majority of people is just thrilled about indicators. Many of the traders overload their charts with bullshit, just to think the indis could take over the thinking for them. Nobody will do the hard work. Everybody wants an EA and a shortcut to success.

Only a few are able to take action, to be persistant and disciplined and only they will succeed in the end.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
DAX30 is truly a cash mashine these days.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Can you please provide a myfxbook link? Thanks

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaate im in DAX now

The open at 12AM GMT is FREE MONEY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EDIT: TREND CHANGE TOO LOL - I TP As soon as I saw that big red dirty candle on the 1M and got in on 2nd pullback after confirmation of downtrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #545 ---
I'm happy for you mate, although I don't trade DAX.

KP

--- 帖子 #546 ---
is this should've been a buy order?

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Yes and also there was a buy before.

--- 帖子 #548 ---
and that would've hit SL?

--- 帖子 #549 ---
DAX30 fast 1:2

Works perfectly

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #550 ---
I marked the wrong candle because you have strange colors of candles and I mixed it up

If you trade by the rules then yes SL would be hit. But I wouldn't have a 8 pip SL.

Here are the two trades today, cross on yellow lines is the 1st entry today, and if you go by the rules it would hit SL and cross on blue lines is the 2nd entry and then the news helped it to move a bit

--- 帖子 #551 ---
The next candle did not trigger the buy stop but you kept the pending order anyway . I was also looking at it but I cancelled my pending order because it did not get triggered on the very next candle .is it okay to hold like that?

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Hello, minotawr, nice thread, so simple. I have a question respect pending order. Is there any situation that the pending order is cancelled?

How about the picture below? The buy stop marked in the chart remains until is triggered? Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Minotawr, I would like to thank you for this amazingly good and simple strategy. I am all in on it  Still demo testing it but it looks very good.

I was just wondering how long have you been trading this strategy? I can' remember but you said a few years and you are also trading it on live account I guess?

--- 帖子 #554 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...6#post12876936

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12867833

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Hi Guy's

Firstly I would like to thank Minotawr for this strategy, and others that make a contribution. Today I finally took the plunge and placed a few orders this morning GMT 9.00am. Using this strategy the results are attached below. I have not been in this game very long but found Minotawrs stategy very simple to impliment and not time consuming, the trades I took this morning are all now closed. If their are any doubters out there this strategy is as it says on the tin simple and profitable, even for a beginner like me. Good luck to all.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Long term you will blow your account trading currencies, MA and other stuff works good on stocks or DAX etc. not in currencies.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Its about choosing visibly trending pairs.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
You say this about every strategy pmsl. your an idiot mate. Give up will you

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Thanks man! - DAX is hard work sometimes lol

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Yes, you keep your buystop order until it triggered or a new red candle appear lower, than you move your stop order above the new red candle.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Nice, mate. Well done!

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Thanks Degolep for your kind words. I hope it will be usefull for you and all others. Since 5 years my account was magical touched. I have build a small account to a serious amount in time of three years. Since two years i am trading for a living.

Back then I made a plan for myself, with hard rules. Today i am there, where i always wanted to be

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Awesome tea, very good examples

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Welcome Wyrebill  Thanks for this results. It seems to me you was magical enlightened

--- 帖子 #565 ---
So, you traded this system from small to trading for a living? That's pretty impressive! Well done! That's some inspiration!

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Very Nice!!  I am going to start reading the thread tonight once the kiddos go to bed. A couple quick questions, How much did you start with? What % do you risk per trade? What is your % break down of how much you decide to keep for "profit" "taxes" and for "continued growth" ?

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Been looking at this to add to my current strategy and heres a food for thought. You said to look for strong trends, i currently look at the 13ema on daily and h4 to help with trend and found if you use this strategy where the last down candle is hugging the the 13 ema its extremely strong. Only one condition , at least four candles must have trading consecutively above it ( shows trend intact) look at illustration.

And opposite for sells.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Hey my friend, welcome here!  Thanks for the questions, but the answers would go beyond the main state of the thread. Let`s concentrate on the magic

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Hi Minotawr,

When your trade not yet TP but NFP is coming , will you close it or set BE ??
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Hey mate, you have to take responsibility for your own actions.

For my part, I prefer to be flat on NFP days

--- 帖子 #571 ---
I recieved so many PM`s lately.

Guys, if you don`t know which pair to trade or how identify a trend, then look a this EUR/JPY chart. You could easily just look literaly on one pair in this week and make constantly money.

The moves in these days, on so many pairs, are just unbelievable . If you don`t pull big cash out of the market this week then you do something wrong.

Sit tight, clear your mind, throw your "fear of losing" out of the window and start doing basic stuff. Now! (Wait, not "Now!" Start on Monday because of the crazy NFP)

You have work to do

Stay safe and healthy

--- 帖子 #572 ---
dear according to your method you said that at least 4 candle must have after crossing the trend ,in my question those 4 candle must be same direction candle or it can be what ever candle ?

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Thanks mate, I better close all and left one position to run.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Hi Guy's

Learner results for today. Forgot about NFM and got caught, but came out OK.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Hello Magician,

I do not know how you discovered this game changer but I can confirm to you and everyone for a fact that I am in the green by 81.5% in closed trades and about 15% in working or open trades. All by risking only about 2% per trade with a R:R of 1:2 trading just this week alone. I have been learning & struggling to make money from the markets for close to a decade now & never have I ever come close to this sort of unimaginable result. I am very emotional at the moment. I am certain that all those who have stumbled upon this thread and applied the rules to the letter have been led here through divine guidance and a bit of luck!

You do not realise the revolution that this thread is about to birth. It will surely change so many lives.

From the very bottom of my heart, I wish you excellent health, unimaginable favours & prosperity beyond your wildest imagination.

Have got just 2 questions that need clarification:

1. Can we enter a second position for a currency pair in the same direction as the first if all conditions are met or is it advisable to allow a trade to terminate before entering another position?

2. Can we trail a trade to the opposite side of candles that is the same colour as the initial signal candle as a trade progresses or is it best to just set & forget till it triggers a TP or SL.

Thank you! Thank you!! & Thank you!!!

--- 帖子 #576 ---
what ever candle. i just find it is very consistant. Add this to the 100 ema, there is extra confirmation. Going to demo it myself. Always like simple methods like this. At the moment i use these emas with my 3 bar fractal break set up and is extremely profitable. I imagine this is better as you get in earlier so im going to do some backtesting. Awesome method this. Thanks for sharing Minotawr

--- 帖子 #577 ---
one trade , today us 500

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Hi are you following the Minotawr rules? As for sure on DAX with 1 lot it cant be only 7 pips TP? What R:R ratio are you using in your trades?

--- 帖子 #579 ---
NFP rocks today

--- 帖子 #580 ---
thanks for your reply...

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Hello,

Could you please shed more light on how you combine the emas with your 3 bar fractal break set up.

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Wrong thread

--- 帖子 #583 ---
this is an older post, but I struggled with the same thing. I think I cured it. Doesn’t mean I’m a god, but that part of my psychology is done.

In short, if you are looking at the chart in an up trend, I came to the realization - “if I would have bought literally anywhere and everywhere on this chart, I would have been profitable”. I had some positions I closed on EJ at recent highs only for those to be hundreds of Pips below where the pair closed today. I ask my self, why did I get out?

in short, as soon as your mentality becomes, “it’s better to find the new trend”, you will “look” for it, and because you are “looking for it” you will “see/find” it, even when it isn’t there!

so, what is the fix? “Buy as long as everyone else is buying”. How do you know everyone else is buying? Look at the chart. In 2 seconds you should be able to tell who is control. After that, stop, and trade/wait for that trade. Again, look at EJ. EVERYONE AND THEIR GRANDMA was buying. So why didn’t you, or I, or the next person?  Yes - you need to refine when to buy to be MORE profitable, but this thread directs you toward that goal very well.

will you be wrong? And I don’t mean lose, but be wrong, as in after the trade you realizing your pull back candle was simply a part of the impulse leg of a new trend... Yes - you’ll be wrong when people stop buying. That will be the end of your trend. That will be your signal, that you’ve found your “new” trend.

let the market “prove you wrong” rather than find the places to be right.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
May God bless Minotawr for this great insight. Wow!!! This is wonderful. Have a wonderful weekend

--- 帖子 #585 ---
My notes from the thread so far. I hope they help.

Attached File(s)   Magic.100.txt

9 KB
|
803 downloads

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Thanks Bojack34. very helpful.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Hello everyone! Minotawr, i would like to ask you about your plan (trading plan). Can you write about it in details please. Cuz as we all know the discipline and the psychology is 80% of success in trading. I think it’s really important as for newbies as for other traders who is still searching their way. If you’ll write it in step-by-step - that would be excellent.

Best wishes and trade save!

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Hi Minotawr,

Aside from EMA100, are you using other stuff to be confident on the trend and what asset on you will trade? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Hi Klausi-

Nice help...

Do you know then formula for these calculations ?

I suppose it's some kind of steepness for the ema ?

--- 帖子 #590 ---
you can use ogt trend indcator as well.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Hi @Minotawr

For your 1:3 or 1:2 RR, do you go all the way or do you take partial profits along the way?

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Yes, keep trying to shut me down and proving me right boy

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Thank OP can you be giving us like a pair to focus on with the strong trend, for us the beginners, you can do like weekly stuff like for this week now.. you give us pairs to focus on. please

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Wow, my friend!  Thanks for such kind words. Don´t be shy to get emotional.

I am glad i could hepl to some of the traders! Someday Magic100 was a gamechanger for me, so i am happy it becomes one for you!

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Please stop Tea, leave some pips over for us

Nice trading mate

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Thanks my friend. You welcome. I could not imagine the thread is going so far

--- 帖子 #597 ---
FOLKS:

Earlier I had posted and EA for this approach. SomeOne already provided feedback (awesome thank you) and the EA had alot of errors... I will fix this soon, so for now I have removed the download link that was in this post.

Version 2 will be up as soon as possible.

In the mean time keep trading with great profit

thnx

Jess

--- 帖子 #598 ---
All of these pending orders are wrong. They are all set as buy but all of these trades are under 100EMA so we should be getting sell stops. Also the price for entries are so far away, over 5000pips so it's totally off  . I had debug set to ON so I can send you the file just tell me which file it is and in which folder. I have turned the EA off now.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
It's relatively easy to change that. Just make and if statement regarding the bid/ask price in relation to the 100ema (could use iMA)

--- 帖子 #600 ---
So my first trade here... :-)

Ran into SL just to turn around right after.

You gotta love it !

Maybe the support zone on the daily should have kept me out-

I notized it before placing my pending order...

but then again- it's only demo so I thought to just give it a shot...

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Very good and stable system. I have found one little issue and may be it will help. If the shadows are big (>30% of the candle) - do not trade that. Best if the shadows are small. Example: SP500 is ok, DE30 is ok, gold and btc are not. Especially btc.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Thanks for the effort to make an EA @xmess7.. Any update about the bug Degolep reported.. Thanks so much

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Thank you.  AS usual the first BUGS appear      Like I said I did not TEST it..

I will see what happened. as soon as possible and fix it..

FOLKS DO NOT USE THE EA UNTIL I PROVIDE VERSION 2

Thnx

Jess

--- 帖子 #604 ---
I forgot to ask

please show me the inputs u setup. If you want just send a preset file... or an image is fine.

As for the EXPERT LOG.   The file is located itn

MQL4/Logs

Get the latest log  which should be 2020.06.08.log

OR if it is easier... show the EXPERT LOG TAB.

Please do send that, cause it will tell me exactly what happened RIGHT BEFORE the trades were made... plus I can see the dates and go to the charts to see if what you saw was so and compare that to what the EA actually read for EMA100  etc etc etc

thnx you for checking on this

Jess

--- 帖子 #605 ---
I have send you the files on PM.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Hey mate,

You came a little late on that one. Look at the movement, it was almost exhausted already. You jumped at the bottom of the down move, there were 6 consecutive red bars before. If i see something like that, i am very carefull. It`s better to wait for a deeper retracement in such situation.

I traded this pair also today but in the beginning of the Frankfurt session.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
please OP, make the work easier for us the beginner who cant easily identify strong trend to help us drop pairs with a strong trend above or below ema 100. thanks for this strategy.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
...and there it is, just like predicted. People just do not learn.

Folks already adding indicators and there is now an EA. This thread will now turn into a completely different method and an EA debugging and fixing themed thread. Yet another system with potential ruined already. Don't agree with me...just wait, if OP allows this to happen, it is a given. Read some of the last posts. Imagine at page 100 or 1000 with a ton of posts about the EA or other indicators. Useless info in between good posts. In the meantime I am out. Wish you all well.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Hey people, here is a variation of an entry, that i take sometimes. I haven`t showed you this before, because it´s little advanced and i don`t wanted to confused you with the stuff.

So, look on the chart: the red bar is way too big to take an entry, especially for the SL setting. I wait for the next bar, and it happens very often that the next bar is a smaller inside bar, in this case i am very confident that the pair will continue the uptrend. So i set my pending buy order over the green inside bar. I know it´s confusing for you, and if you a beginner i would stick to the basic rules. But after a few years of trading you will become a feeling for the behaviour of the pair.

Sorry for my horrible english, it´s difficult for me to explain

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Can you show us on a picture for buy and sell example?

Ah you already did

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Hey Josh, sorry. But it won't help you. You have to learn it by your self. Just train your eyes. Look on the chart, do you see a trend? Watch as many charts as possible, after a while the magic will happen and you will get it

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Some more nice trades. Thanks Minotawr again for this system.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Hey Mundo, it´s a pitty to see you leaving. But i dont`t see the thread "ruined already". And if you see potential in it, why just leaving now? Instead, you could contribute and help to get the thread in the right way.

I don`t give up, neither should you!

--- 帖子 #614 ---
I have seen this happen way too many times. If you allow anyone to post additional indicators and EA now, everyone who feels they can do so...will do so. If you are showing us a method with specific rules then you should ask that those rules be respected and enforce them. Otherwise, you will lose control of thread and what could be a promising system would be lost between posts regarding how to trade with additional indicators and how to fix issues with the EA.

Whoever wants to EA the hell out of this system should open their own thread, nothing wrong with that. But as I see it, if you wanted one you would have either included it or asked for one. So there shouldn't be one here.

The reason I leave is that I refuse to invest my time battling those posting about that which is not what you intended in first post. My suggesting: you have a simple system...keep your thread simple. Because if you do not manage it...someone else will do so for you.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Please stop clogging up the thread with useless posts! Oh shit now I did it too!  See what you started!

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Hi Minotawr,

If one trade has not reach 3R TP, and the same setup come into same pair, will you add trade into it.

If yes, the 3R TP should follow the 1st one or follow the new setup ??

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Hi Mtacki,

Personally I've found that GBP/NZD is quite tricky to trade with this system, it may not be the best pair to start with.

I've been stopped out a few times with this pair, I'm avoiding it for now as it's just too choppy and volatile. There's easier pairs to trade... Lol - think I even took the same trade as you!

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Hi Ah-Ong, yes i would add another position but with independent TP

--- 帖子 #619 ---
@Minotawr, quick question. Have you ever used Heikin-Ashi in your system? Might filters out a lot of noise and could be used as an exit indicator as well?

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Version 2 is UP and OPERATIONAL.  (thank you degolep for the logs but didn't need them, the fix was REAL simple  )

DownLoad:
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

I made  Video2, and on it I show the EA running and some additional things I added to it.

Inserted Video

Video1 is also on github and contains the basic info of the  inputs.

The EA only performs the operations as indicated by the originator on pg1.    Nothing extra other than solid MM has been added to it.  So use it as a tool, first determine the trend and then set one of the inputs to LONG or SHORT and let it do the work for you when you are not there.

Have fun and be well

Jess

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Thanks for the tips !

I will keep that in mind

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Mundo, stay true to your motto.............."invest in life"

As Minotawr said, stay and make a difference, please.

Hercs.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
xmess,

Will this work on US30 and DAX?

I downloaded the first version and it did not work, so I guessed it has something to do with my 5 digit chart on US30.

Thanks Degolep for your contribution too.

My "need" for this is the late US entries when I am off-line to fill my coffers.

Looking forward to hearing from you.

Continued success to you.
Hercs.

PS. what does this mean?

2020.06.09 09:55:40.887 xm7_Magic100_EA_v2 US30,H1: zero divide in 'profitCalculations.mqh' (34,51)

Thx for replying.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
IMO, with this strategy I would only trade USD pairs. Maybe EURAUD right now. Just my useless 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Hi Xmess7,

Thanks a lot for your effort!

I have already downloaded the EA and I´m running it demo.

Some few questions/clarifications:

- Should I upload and run the EA in one chart, or should I do it in all 5 different pairs? I assume one is enough.

- Have you run any backtest of the EA? What is the performance you got with the default parameters?

- I can see that backtesting feature is disabled in the EA. It would be very useful, almost necessary, to run a backtest for optimizing the parameters of the EA. Would it be possible to enable in the next version?

Thanks!

Regards

--- 帖子 #626 ---
I've setup the EA, and I don't know why this two orders have been made? None of them is correct, maybe the USDJPY if it adds the spread on the previous bullish candle. But EURUSD is off, because the bullish candle hasnt closed yet and we are in a downtrend.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Guys, don`t be excited about an EA. Believe me, an EA could never work on this system. Remeber post 1? I said it before, you just cannot take any setup blindly. You still need your "common sense". The ability to decide between a bad setup and good setup could not be replaced by such an EA.

You have to take responsibility for your actions!

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Huge wins in GBP/USD, EUR/USD, NZD/USD. I hope you guys catched these rockets too...

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Thanks for this system Minotawr I am learning it and it suits my trading style.

I took my first trade today in USOIL Short and made 3R.

How do you set out your screen(s) (?) do you have lots of charts on display or scan through the different time frames etc one at a time?

Just trying to understand how you structure your trading day , your routines to find the charts you decide to trade etc.

Thanks again.

Schoe.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Hi Minotawr - really enjoying your thread, I caught the EURUSD - got long at 1.1271 but I didn't have the nerve to hold it all the way and sold out towards the top of the recent hourly highs at 1.1309. Still a nice profit, nearly 39 pips but there was evidently a lot more on the table

--- 帖子 #631 ---
eurusd would have been too insecure for me, because he ran sideways and ran on the ema. why are you clean?

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Hi Xmess7

Just ran your EA while i was away from the computer for a few hours and unless i am wrong i believe the setups are wrong, as on USDJPY for instance the entry and SL should be where my arrows/lines are and not where they have been triggered.

if i am wrong please do tell me

Regards

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Thanks for sharing these..

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Hi Minotawr

hope you are well, just seen this on EURAUD would you have taken the potential trade with the upcoming level to the left or would you have waited for an entry after?

Thanks
https://charts.mql5.com/25/2/euraud-...al-markets.png

--- 帖子 #635 ---
I think the issue with the ea is it isn't actively refreshing its pending orders every new hour when new candles are formed. It placed an order based on the rules, which is correct but it didn't triggered. New bearish candle formed but the pending orders don't get cancelled.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
I have also made an EA for this (to backtest) and it's very effective. The trouble is making it so it recognises a good setup, as you've mentioned. On the GBP/USD daily chart there is a 300% gain in 2 years 6 months - which is very impressive.  I won't be using this EA on my account though as there are many losers in a row - something that takes a lot of patience. Very good strategy though, thank you for brining it to our attention!

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Morris89:

Hi, thank you for checking the performance.

Please post the EXPERT LOG. If you have set DEBUG=TRUE then we will see EXACTLY where the EA placed the pending order and the SL/TP and can compare to what you indicated. We will also see what the spread was... remember the EA adds the spread to the SL and also to the pending price level as per instructions of the originator.  so what you may be seeing is a wide spread situation...   anyhow we wont know till we see the prints in the expert log.

Thnx

Jess

--- 帖子 #638 ---
EXACTLY. The EA is just a tool. The TRADER must still use their ability to detect trend DIRECTION and then instruct the EA which way to trade.

The EA when working fine(no bugs LOL), well place trades for you then you as the trade can monitor them at your leisure.

At the least you will:

1. Not miss trades you have interest in

2. Have MM set solidly

3. Not be tempted to change your mind or change MM

4. Have entries that are consistent with this approach.

5. AND MOST IMPORTANT, SLEEP more cause you do not need to be up at certain times (especially here in the PST time zone)  LOL

All of you know, the most important aspect of YOU as a professional trader is that you EXECUTE your plan with out deviation.  I know of no extremely successful professional trader that does abide by this simple rule.

Jess

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Have you make a backtest?

--- 帖子 #640 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 3 (FOLKS from now on please PM me with EA issue)  EDIT: version 4 is now available

DownLoad:
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

I forgot to add the condition of 1 trade per symbol attempt LOL. I state this in the video but in reality the EA actually has the condition of only trading one trade attempt period...

So version 3 can now concentrate on the pair that has an open trade and apply the limit only to that pair.

PEACE

Jess

--- 帖子 #641 ---
First of all WHERE IS THE EA lol.  I don't see it on the chart.

Second please show the expert log.  That will show exactly when the orders were placed and at what levels.

Jess

--- 帖子 #642 ---
I forgot to ask where is the EA.  You can have it on the chart ... and just click on the buttons... to get that USDJPY.

I Ask you this just as I did with Degolep.    U see if the EA is not on the screen then that tells me that it froze.  Is that correct?

Did the EA freeze and unload itself???

Thnx

Jess

--- 帖子 #643 ---
I had it on don't worry and it didn't freeze. I just wanted to show you the pending orders thats all.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hey my friend, welcome! For your question: I just scan trough the pairs once an hour. I only trading H1 timeframe on my daily routine. Sometimes if i am busy i am trading on the Daily TF. Not necessary to hang the whole day before the screen . I set my orders and go away and enjoy life.

Stay safe!

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Xmess77

I will post log tomorrow for you (uk time) if i know how, i have the ea set on its on tab i sent a clearer pic of the setup so you can see what i was trying to say.

Thnx

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Hey mate, thank you. Just have patience, believe me, the rewards are higher! You need small losses and big wins to be profitable in the long run.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
@Minotawr Do you have any preferred pairs that you trade? With which pairs do you have most success? Also low ADR vs high ADR pairs which would be easier or harder to trade using this strategy?

--- 帖子 #648 ---
You do it right my friend.  If you have a bad feeling about a setup, just don`t trade.

For me the trend has not lost its strength, and this bearish pinbar convinced me

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Hey Morris, no i wouldn`t trade this one. Just be carefull on such setups. Wait for the trend to be stable, first cut of the EMA doesn`t mean the trend direction is changing yet necessarily.

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Hey mate, sorry. Just look on the thread. The question was answered several times

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Sorry no backtesting for this.  You will have to Forward test to determine your profitability

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Morris89, thank you.

FOLKS from now on please PM me with EA issue. That we we keep the thread clean and on subject.

Oh and if u need to post or send me something I will give ya my email to do so in the PM.

Thank you.

Jess

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Hi Minotawr, first I want to say thank you for your system, first time I become consistent.

But, my loss is very close to the wins.

That's why I have several question.

I've read all the posts, and I know your possible answer, "look at the trend and follow the common sense" but, have you some suggestion for select your trades?

For example in your last post you don't enter in several possible setups why?. I know why you enter in the last one (bearish pinbar) but why dont enter to the another ones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also i want to share my happiness.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Regards,

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Hi Minotawr,

Do you take

1) EVERY trades (1 trade per day per pairs) that meet the rules +"common sense"
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post12846057

or

2) Pick some trades that meet item (1) above and skip some other trades which also meet item (1) above.

I ask because some traders claim that we should take EVERY trades that meet the rules that OP listed in order for equity grow or achieve what OP claimed. If we skip some trades and take some trades, which may result skip out profitable trades but take the losser trades, and the equity grow may affected and cannot achieve what OP claimed.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #655 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 4 (FOLKS from now on please PM me with EA issue)

DownLoad:
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

Further confirmation on EA operation was tested and I found I needed to make some code adjustments.

EA is able to move pending order if it is not filled.. before it was just placing new pending orders... STACKING them backward LOL.

Confirmed operation, and it is working.

I also added a new input.

minStopLossRange. Like minBarSize, it allows you to tell the EA how big of a stopLoss range is allowed for a pending order to be opened.

Both of these additional inputs (minStopLossRange and minBarSize) allow u filter those pending orders where the signal candle is smaller than you want it to be and smaller stop loss ranges. Explanation in video:
Inserted Video

PEACE

Jess

PS: I am kinda surprise that you are getting the bugs you are getting. The reason is that I have done this before (multiple pairs on one chart bots).

The LondonClose EA (https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...5#post12929485) is an great working example. That EA has been in operation for many months now and it does Fibs per pair you select, which is a little more complex than this approach, just a little LOL. No issues with that one...

I was expecting other types of bugs. But OH well it is what it is.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
off topic,

Every EA or Indicator should have William Roeder's download history code
https://www.mql5.com/en/forum/188001#comment_4762736
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Hercs:

No it doesn't but now that you mention it I will provide an update that will allow it to work on indices.

Oh and the divide by zero more than likely has to do with US30 not being a forex instrument.

Please from now on PM me about any questions.  I will be posting updates here but I want to EA conversation via PM..

Thnx

Jess

--- 帖子 #658 ---
founaud: PLEASE look at the videos. In it I explain what it you can and cannot do..

1. LOAD the EA only on ONE CHART.

2. You cannot run back tests with this EA. You have to FORWARD TEST

Back testing is not needed at all. Forward testing will give u a much better realistic approach for your MM and etc.

I will be using this EA and the approach soon and provide stats.

Minotawr has an AWESOME approach in my view. It is up to the trader to determine how profitable they want to be.

Running the EA with all of the indicators in the input will more than likely not yield the results you expect.

I recommend to all,, pick 3-4 pairs. That is more than enough. Pick the trending ones (many of them right now)... and when the market changes,... tighten your tps...

Anyhow.... Please folks PM me about any EA questions....

Jess

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Hi Ah-Ong:  (next time pls send me a PM    )

Wow thnx, I think I can use that function.  But I use the CopyRates() function to populate a structure array(_bars[])

Inserted Code CopyRates(_symbol,PERIOD_CURRENT,Time[0],2,_bars);

As you can see I only get the last 2 bars for the _symbol I am looping thru.  that is _bar[0] and _bar[1]

then I check that the current candle _bar[0].high and net candle _bar[1].low are above/below ema100.

Once that is true, the I look to see that  _bar[0].close>_bar[1].open(green candle1) or _bar[1].close<_bar[1].open(red candle1) is

what we are looking for, namely

-  grean candle1 is below ema100   or

-  red candle1 above  ema100

if all that is true then HEC we got ourselves a signal and we proceed to open the pending order with the SL and the TP etc

OH yea before we open the pending order the EA checks to see if there is an existing pending order and closed it..

EAZY PEAZY....

Jess

PS:  Make sure that you have the CORRECT price data when you are asking the MT4/MT5 server for it.  In their documentation they TELL YOU that many times the servers WILL SEND YOU THE WRONG DATA.   I took me a while to figure it out but the solution is you have to keep requesting until you confirm that the data is CORRECT.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
off topic,

When using copyrates, remember the 1st array data is the last candle data !!!

eg,

You copyrates 4 candles data, then

array[0] = candle[3]

array[1] = candle[2]

array[2] = candle[1]

array[3] = candle[0]

--- 帖子 #661 ---
I should have wait for it to TP.

But not to manually close it.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #662 ---
checklist:

--trend HH/HL LH/LL

--EMA

--ADR

--S/R (look left)

--scheduled news

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Of course, the 1st array item or bar[0] is the current candle or the right most candle on the chart.

So then going form right to left we have bar[1],  which is all i need.. only 2 bars... that makes for a faster data recovery.

I only need 2  so no need for any more

and you HAVE TO DOUBLE CHECK EACH TIME you get the data back from the MT4 server.   Otherwise you can end up with last weeks bar[0] and bar[1] data... I saw this happen alot when I was building the LondonClose EA....   .   So I GOT IT FIXED lol..

PEACE

Jess

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Thanks for the reply Minotawr.

Do you have any pairs on your watchlist for today?

Any orders pending ?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Consider it done, Jess.

Thanks.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
One more question.

How do you work out the amount to put on per point (I spread bet)

I am currently using the same amount but some pairs move a lot more than others so the loss is greater on some than others

So one losing position in a higher volatility pair could outweigh the win of another pair.

Anybody any suggestions to work out a suitable position size?

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Use fix %risk

OP use 1% per trade
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12867833

Use attached indicator to calculate lot size.

credit to https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12981053

1) measure SL in pips from the chart.

2) enter into LotCalculator.

3) The indicator will show u the lot size to meet %risk

Take note, this indicator did not work with DAX/DE30
Attached File(s)   LotCalculator.mq4

7 KB
|
358 downloads

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Appreciated. Thanks for that.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Maybe it helps if you look at current trades, I'm in the usdjyp short, because he's come down a lot I'm not sure.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
This is a good position size indicator as well.  just move the lines and it shows you how many lots.

Put it on the expert advisors.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
I paid a guy to code me the alerts when the setup is ready. All alerts have been correct till now so I can share it with you with Minotawrs permission.

You need to attach it to each pair chart that you would want the alerts(desktop, push, email). You have also an option on/off to show past alerts(but don't focus that much on it).

It should greatly improve trading with whoever trades this strategy. And don't blindly take each alert you get.

All questions about the indicator should be send to my PM. No talking about it on forum, I will ignore all. Good luck to all.
Attached File(s)   Magic100.ex4

22 KB
|
694 downloads

Indicator has no time expiry.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
That's very generous of you to share.

Will definitely help find set-ups.

Thank-you!

PS. I took 2R today on CADCHF short at 0.70853

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Folk:

Just FYI, thrdthe EA providestprovides aaa LotsPerRisk option  and works with any symbol.  You can also use a lot per balance option as well.

I am in the process of adding the indices so the EA will trade  them, so yup those will be covered too

Please

Jess

--- 帖子 #674 ---
For sure Ingo....  I entered here yesterday just for demo purpose, although sl was bigger because running all night and I did not feel comfortable to put sl exactly like Mino describe, again, just for practice purpose. Tnx Mino for the system, Attached Image

--- 帖子 #675 ---
nice win, but said today at lunchtime

--- 帖子 #676 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 5 (FOLKS from now on please PM me with EA issue)

DownLoad:
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

Now these are the types of bugs I was expecting! LOL. How do you move something that is not there? You can't cause it is not there LOL

For those of u that saw "error cannot move button".... version 5 has the fix and several other little things.

Last nite I had my testers (fellow traders that have helped me for years now) run the EA.

They had no issues.. and in fact some ended up with a 5% gain... just in one nite. Now I know they used alot more RISK than I do LOL. I recommend 0.5% risk of balance with a 1:2 ratio.   Also just pick a couple of pairs you do not need 240 gazilion pairs LOL.

Remember this is a tool. Use it wizely and use your intuition with it. Like I said before.. you will SLEEP better LOL

Peace

JESS

PS: Almost done,, Just need to check a couple of things and this project is finished.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
good spotting ingo and charli.....this is the type of pattern I am looking for

short opportunities at arrows using Minotawr's entry rules

.....putting charts up in real time for discussion will be beneficial

--- 帖子 #678 ---
perhaps too soon in relation to price activity under the MA, but the short bias was well established at the blue arrow

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Loaded and Ready, I still believe ranging markets(chop) will be the biggest issue for this trend following "enter on the swing" technique, but let's see.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
this pair has already reached its monthly average range

that doesnt mean it wont continue upwards, but the stats are against it

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Understand, but it is meaningless....Forex will move as Forex will move...technique and MM is what important.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
driven18:

Hey! How u doing.  So as for that EA u are using, whatever issues u encounter please PM me ok?  Gotta keep the thread clean and on subject .

Just remember to set a limit on what you plan to take for the DAY or WEEK and then unload the EA and SOYH (Sit on your hands) till next week LOL.

I think I placed a weekly target (Lol I have to check). Yes, you can use that to set a weekly target.  The EA will stop trading when that target is reached and resume trading the following week

PEACE

Jess

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Xmess ..good stuff...target 10% for a week with 0.5 lot per pair.

The only time I will post this here, then PM if need to. You need to add few pips to entry, so we do not get filled in on the high spread ask. "add extra pips to entry" =

--- 帖子 #684 ---
watchlist: CHFJPY, NZDCHF, GBPCHF

be interested to see the PA above the horizontal line (green) on CHFJPY

HH's then Minotawr entry at retrace is a possibility

--- 帖子 #685 ---
NZDCHF

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Hey driven18:

I know what you mean but since we are dealing with pending orders, it is fine,  with the pending orders its like dealing with solid numbers...

So when u get filled you get filled at the corresponding price.    The EA then calculates your SLand TP based on the ASK or BID.   So its all true stuff no need to fiddle with the spread

This EA needs a little more MM stuff to make it solid so no one will blow their account UNLESS they want to  LOL

Oh yea I notices something to.  You know where you can set it to trade ONE DIRECTION?  Well it does it FOR ALL the pairs you SELECT, which Idon't think you want that LOL.   So yea next version I will update that so you can select which pair goes which direction.... I am thinking of adding it to the buttons... right there you can click LONG/SHORT and of course if neither is clicked then it trades both directions.

Take care and keep it safe, be healthy and above all DO NOT VIOLATE YOUR TRADING RULES LOL.

Jess

--- 帖子 #687 ---
EURNZD

This one may be outside of Minotawr's rules....but I liked it because of the market structure.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Perfect entry Peter!

Now add a 1:3 RR TP to it and i will call you Magus

--- 帖子 #689 ---
thanks Minotawr

1:3 .....I'm out of my comfort zone aiming at 1:2

....but I can see your strategy lends itself well to 1:3

--- 帖子 #690 ---
i have my  on the JPY pairs...especially USD/JPY

Just plan your trade and trade your plan...

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Hi thanks a lot for your kindness and extraordinary effort.. just wanted to know if u have the Ea on MT5..? thanks mate =)

--- 帖子 #692 ---
free utility, toggle MA on/off as required

https://www.mql5.com/en/market/product/13088

--- 帖子 #693 ---
pity usdjyp had one got in, but was still asleep

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Hi Minotawr, great thread.

Just a quick question you mentioned that you were looking at usd/jpy, do you take on board yesterdays high and low? Just this pair has being up and down on the LOW since the open,

Thanks

--- 帖子 #695 ---
read this post, if you know how to use MT4, you don't need to download, copy and paste indicators anymore

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post12964880

--- 帖子 #696 ---
thanks Erebus ,

yes, just search "Toggleable Moving Averages" (ctrl v) in the market tab of your terminal and download.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
this is a strategy that runs even without indicators

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Took my first loss today using this method on Gold.

Entry and stop candle shown.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
70 pips of XAUUSD wasn't enough for you?

--- 帖子 #700 ---
I wasn't in front of the screen but the target was 3R and it didn't make it.

You win some and you lose some.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #702 ---
USDJPY just pass 2R.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #703 ---
goes even without indis

--- 帖子 #704 ---
BOOM! Bread and butter of a trader.

Easy money

--- 帖子 #705 ---
super

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Just plan your trade and trade your plan...

--- 帖子 #707 ---
hi, tried to add the Ea but keep receiving message Ea is already attached on chart, then unloading EA..

please advise =)

do u plan to do mt5 version for this amazing work?

thankss

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Minotawr

When your in a trade do you go to tp2/tp3 then take profit and look for another setup on that pair another day.

--- 帖子 #709 ---
===========

Did you download v5 yet?

Bugs were taken care of.

Hercs.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Hi Hercs

yea im using V5,

so when i try to load the ea first time it was okay. Then when i click on the pair to change the chart (on the ea dashboard), suddenly the EA was gone the dashboard went blank as well, and when u right clicked on the chart there were no "expert advisor"

so i tried few things including try to open new chart, delete and readd the files, changing magic number, restart app, so far no luck.

from fresh blank chart, whenever i try to load the EA it keep saying the EA alreadh running and unloading EA. But there's no EA loaded.

please advise.. thanks..

--- 帖子 #711 ---
tried to code the indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

my "testing EA" result quite impressive, with RR 2.618

--- 帖子 #712 ---
oalalexlex:

Once you are able to,post PMSs,  PLEASE PM ME when you have EA issues (EA MAGIC100).

For now you can leave a SHOUT in my profile.  That I know you can do for now.

MT5 version? MAYBE....  HEC YES!   BUT FIRST MT4 version has to work for everyone!!    Then it will be REAL EASY to port it over to MT5.

OK NOW, concerning your ISSUE,, do this.   Go to globals (press F3) then in that list go globals look for "xm7_chartID".  Select that global and delete it.

That will fix your issue.  Oh and  JUST in case re-download the v5 from Guthib.

Thnx Jess

--- 帖子 #713 ---
hi Jess!

thanks a lot for ur reply despite your busy schedule, i follow ur instruction and now the EA loaded fine!!

thanks a lot~

look forward for the mt5 version and my live account is on mt5 here.. am trying this Ea on mt4 demo.. thanks again for ur kindness..

bless u.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
PERFORMANCE FIRST UPDATE.

A couple of days ago I turned on my traders that help me TEST EAs. They have alot of experience with what I do so, the tell me exactly what bugs I need to fix and etc. Anyhow... I didn't expect this, cause I was going to do the forward test myself but HERE IT IS.

The following is from his Detail Report on Equity. I know he is using higher risk, I would guess like 2%? I don't know. But he applied the EA to the default pairs and let it run. This is his results so far in just the last two days.

from: 2020.06.10 07:12:21 to: 2020.06.11 18:46:18

Starting balance: $675.37‬ ending balance: $846.23

% gain: 25.3%

Guys as long as you use good MM and determine the trend SUPER SECRET INDICATOR (your EYES ,that is what I use LOL), you will be profitable with this APPROACH.

Now, I DO NOT recommend you do what this individual did. CAUSE when he loses he will lose a considerable amount and UNLESS he is mentally ready, WELL you know what happens... you get discouraged and you start DOUBTING.

So lets assume he used 0.5% risk and that what we see is based on a 2% risk.

So his return would be now be 25.3%/4 or 6.3% (not bad!).

So enjoy, learn, and make the EA EARN! LOL

Jess

PS: This is what the EA is showing on his panel:

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Hey Morris, when i take my profit, i try to relax and enjoy a glas (or two) of wine. Next day i am looking for another setups

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Didnt know germans drink wine, lol

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Self discipline is the center of all material of success...

Everyone wants to be the best in the market but no one knows the real efforts, sacrification and hustle that is required to reach that level.

Attached is my account balance since my holidays. The result is not exactly what you hear from the gurus, heh? Not another doubled account, nor a millionaire over night.

How many are capable to stand the drawdowns? I just believe in my system and my skills. And the reward is the constantly growing.

I don't want to sell you anything, just appeal to your strengths.

Believe in your self and the magic here in the thread

--- 帖子 #718 ---
100ma is just a quick visual to keep you on the right side of the market

but in fact market structure tells all, no indicators required!

--- 帖子 #719 ---
great attitude

--- 帖子 #720 ---
HAHAHA, After a crate of beer, we can also tolerate a wine. Thanks mate

--- 帖子 #721 ---
drawdown....what!!??

to be honest, the markets are being very friendly at the moment, they are not usually like this

it will get harder, there will be drawdowns and doubts for the beginners,....skills are honed during such times

--- 帖子 #722 ---
First trade on my live account and i bottled it after seeing the two candles spike a little, but i am happy with tp2 onwards and upwards

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Nice my friend!

Now add a 1:3 RR TP to it and i will call you Magus

--- 帖子 #724 ---
well i currently have 4 other trades going but all hovering around the 1:1 atm but holding a trade is my next step.

Do you hold trades overnight or do you close them before you go to bed?

Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Minotawr how or where did you come to the idea of the EMA100 as a "trend direction"? Why not 200EMA or 100SMA? or 50 etc...? And why H1 and not M30 or H4 etc...?

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Look on the S&P500... 3 clear 1:3 profit trades. You just need one instrument that you will mastered after all

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Watchlist: NZDUSD, GBPUSD

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Nice very nice... elegant and simple...

J

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Some trades I took today.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
waiting for a better retrace

edit: which means I may miss out

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Hi Minotawr, I love this strategy, I am manual trading and the results so far are brilliant

I am combining it with the Trend Magic indicator, it's a shame the indicator doesn"t have

and audio alert, I also use the 20, 50, and 100 moving average on both 1hr and 4 hr

to determine the trend, works well thank you

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Hi Joneepom!  I use TrendMagic in a couple strategies.  Can you share how you are using it with  Magic 100?  Can you also share details on your results?  Thanks!

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Hi sirwolf, sorry it's not trend magic I use it"s Magic100 sorry if I misled you,  I wait for the magic arrow to appear then

check with the moving averages on 1hr and 4 hr if they are both trending the same way and in the direction of the Magic 100

arrow and if it"s not coming up to  support or resistance   I take the trade, I hope this helps

--- 帖子 #734 ---
I know this will vary from person to person but I am interested to know what your win loss ratio is.....5:5??

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Hi Minotawr,

Thanks for this great strategy. Can you kindly share your TP levels?

--- 帖子 #736 ---
1:2 or 1:3, see post 1

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Thanks for replying so quickly, oalalexlex.

I have the same problems and have written to Jess.

Continued success to you.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Hi all

What do people do when it comes to leaving trades overnight, do you close them or let them run and protect your profits?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #739 ---
yes I leave overnight, when scheduled news is not in the way

and i never carry over weekends

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Hey Morris,

same here, i let the trades run overnight but never over the weekend.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Hi Degolep, i figured this after countless hours of chart screening out. I`ve always wanted a simple and clean approach to trading. Thats why i develop the Magic100. But like i said before, the EMA 100 is just a visual tool for a quick review. And my backtesting had shown the EMA100 with best results. H1 Timeframe suits me and my style of living very much. I just wasn´t made for the smaller tf`s. But i think you will also be profitable with ohter timeframes as well.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Ok Thats brilliant also thanks PeterE for your reply.

Minotawr would you ever trade the wrong side of the ema so against the trend if the S/R supported it.

sorry for all the questions

Thanks

--- 帖子 #743 ---
GBP/USD, GBP/JPY, AUD/JPY, DAX30,

I am sure you guys caught this beauties

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Yes, let's not be only cheerleading positives, there are also negatives...negative for the day

--- 帖子 #745 ---
I don’t want to throw too much into the mix here, as I know a system needs white and black rules, but what if you didn’t trade this until London.

That second trade was a loss and not really avoidable. But the first trade was clearly during little volume.

I would think that any signal should be “saying” the market is moving for a reason (with trend), but I also feel that if you’re trading where there is no volume, that the price isn’t saying near as much.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Manage to get on GU
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Positive for the day.

Some pairs should closed at 2R eg EURCHF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Trades still running....happy face

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Awesome Pro trading bro...

--- 帖子 #750 ---
The question is: Will it or will it Not hit TP before the cold beer in the afternoon? BE + 5 pips already in play. Will start trailing each bar high now.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 6 (FOLKS from now on please PM me with EA issue)

DownLoad:
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

Some of you are having issues with the "EA ALREADY ON CHART". This version fixes this (actually trying a different appraoch LOL).

Before loading EA PRESS F3 and remove the"xm7_magic_id" or "xm7_ea_chartid" globals.

ADDED EA support for DAX, US30, US500, gold,silver, brent crude, western texas crude (WTI) .

Now since I didn't get but a couple of responses i took my best guess on these symbols using brokers I have and some info. So the symbols might be different... for some on your brokers. Let me know. Plus this has not been tested on am MT4 platform, I have other bots that trade stocks/options and their symbols are well defined but this will be the first attempt at trading an indice on MT4... so beware!

Made adjustments to the BreakEven and Trailing functions. There were in the single pair mode and that is probably why many of you that tried to use them and had issues.

Took off the trade_direction input for the moment as this was only applicable to the all of the symbols.

Plan to possible add check marks or something on the chart for each pair and that way you can select the direction per pair on the chart.

Keep up the good work... i'll be updating this EA as I get time.... and until IT IS PERRRRFFFEECCTT lol

Peace

JESS

PS:  New Input added "add xtra pips to TP".   Yup just as it says... adds extra pips to the TP level...

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Thanks to Minotawr for Magic strategy, and Thanks to xmess7 for EA. seems the EA is expert enough so far ...

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Don't know about the beer thing but based on my SUPER SECRET INDICATOR (my eyes LOL).   I see this going no lower than 133.35.  IF it gets that low then perhaps well see it start to range or it could take a bounce.... So yea trail the sucker.. or pick your profit and set the Stop at that level and LET IT RIDE.  I did this once with my mom-in-laws account and in a couple of months it was swinging at about 1200 pipsIt was a EURUSD long).    You just never know .....

J

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Xmess ..and "add pips to entry" ?

Admitted, you just forgot about your mom-in-law account... to the benefits of all

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Damn! I forgot let me do that right now!

EDIT: DONE!  go download v6... you will see the new input "add xtra pips to TP".

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Inserted Video

Another useless post! lol

A good song to listen to with your beer!

"How far can you take it

Before you realize

There's Magic in your eyes!"

-The Cars

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Thank you.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Ahhh..The Cars - good one!

--- 帖子 #759 ---
drsa1970:

Check your PMs please.

Thnx  Jess

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Nooooo ..you been drinking beer already? Not to TP, to entry not to get filled on high ask

"add xtra pips to Entry"

--- 帖子 #761 ---
So everyone collecting pips before the weekend , he?

Awesome trading days so far this month. Take your profits and enjoy, like Peter said it doesn't goes like this forever. But with Magic 100 you are prepared for the hard times as well .

I am happy for you all.  You doing a good job here.

Relax and we see each other on monday

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Minotawr, when you say hard times, you mean we will get punished in the Range Markets, right?

I know it is impossible to predict or to avoid it ...how do you plan to at least minimize the damage if we are trading specifically via ea?

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Easy.   Lower your risk and lower your TP.    Use less pairs and when you see PROFIT CLOSE IT.

Then just follow your rules  and SOYH! lol

Seriously.. this is the adjustment I will make.  What we are seeing now has been experienced by many of us.  I remember in 05 -08 doing like 300-2000 pips a pop.

Then when the markets stopped moving... I was giving BACK what I had gained and more cause I did not adjust properly.

So take advantage of the volatility but be ready to change yer style of trading.

Simple..

Jess

--- 帖子 #764 ---
EA UPDATE version 7 coming soon.

Folks:

Turns out that there is a bug that is caused by the data that the MT4 server provides. The EA will query the MT4 server for ohlc candle data for each time it checks on a pair. Well, even though I have it checking and making repeat requests the MT4 servers from time to time will deliver INCORRECT data. Hence why some of you are seeing WRONG entries... for example the EA asks for the candle data of this moment... the server delivers but for a candle data of 6 bars ago... or worse last week.

The MT4/5 documentation does warn about this. So I did add a fix and I have a couple of folks testing it to make sure it works.

Version 7 coming up soon.

Now if you are not experiencing this issue you should be ok, it seems that the issue is with certain brokers... just be vigilant.

Stay tuned...

Jess

--- 帖子 #765 ---
dang it... I drank the beer ... ok let me fix it NOW LOL

EDIT:  DONE!  go get version 6... version 7 will also have this when it is released

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Odds are this could very well be true. I have used since 2016 a profitable method, especially for ranging market. When trend is too strong and lasts days on end like it has in past few weeks it becomes a chess game. Hence, why I was interested in this trend following system. If I could get an edge on trend trading then I could be well rounded.

So my opinion is that in order to avoid those ranging days punishment then one should have a profitable ranging market system to help. Not suggesting mixing both, both are good as is, but if one refuses to not trade once it is clear the market is not trending, then next best thing is to be able to trade in range also. Although, there will always be a pair trending in any given week.

Remember, trading is probabilities. Trade might or might not work out, that is not the issue. If one sticks to the rules of a profitable system and not deviate from it, in the longer term it will reward you nicely. Great job by all those here, see didn't even need me around. I do not give signals nor am one to post at all times. But as a retired counselor with a PhD I do like to speak on the psychological side of things. Plus I do push people to their limits, most often they get annoyed by me, but it's in my nature to truly want to help others and see their best come to life.

Wishing you all the best.

PS. You will be rewarded beyond belief for all you have done Minotawr.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
I get the feeling that people on this thread are confusing the reason for having this EA. It's NOT to have it trade for you 100% without intervention, like what most people want an EA to do for you. THIS EA is more of a trade assistant. Once Xmess7 has the EA totally finished with the ability to "choose" direction on the chart, it will be 100% up to the trader to decide which pair to trade. The EA will place the trades exactly how they are supposed to be placed and manage the trades quicker and more precise then we can do manually. This EA will make your "job" trading this strategy MUCH MUCH easier, but it will ultimately still be up to the trader to make the most important decision of all.......which pairs to trade and what risk % and rr you want to use for each trade.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
I disagree for the only one reason. We never know when the trend begins or ends. Keep ea running. Seat on your hands. It will be good, it will be bad. The only thing to adjust in EA is position size, if losses begin to mount.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
.

happen when, history ohlc are incomplete.

loop verify the chart history (all timeframe) at Oninit() function.

that should solve your problem.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Something like this?

--- 帖子 #771 ---
i really want to thank @https://cdn-assets.faireconomy.media...ar783921_3.gif Minotawr for this great system. my 1st time of trading with this system, it was only one pair and it hit my TP.. today i took six trades and one hit SL and 3 pairs hit TP 1:1.5 and 1:2.. here are the screenshot of the trade Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #772 ---
good points Jess.

the market is being very kind at present, thanks to an increased ADR due to the pandemic

these gains can easily be lost and worse as you say when the market "normalizes"....ie ADR's settle down

when ADR's begin declining you'll know the party is over.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
good point bojack.....this EA is an order manager not a trading robot

that said, once I've decided market XYZ is good to trade, I still want to manually peruse individual bars before making the final decision

--- 帖子 #774 ---
exactly. and once the final decision has been made you turn it over to the EA. Finding the best trending pairs is the most important part to this strategy, which is done by the eye. Not by the 100MA. You really don't need any indicators at all. It's basically ALL PA.......all while paying attention to time of day, high impact news, etc...

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Hi Youngjosh, could you supply the support/resistance indicator file. It looks good.

Thank you so much.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
can that DD be reduced?.....a simple check of the next higher TF's price action might be the answer

the current WL of 4:6 @1:2RR  becomes 6:4 @1:2RR

.

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Thnx Hair. Yup i already do a loop for that each time a new pair is analyzed

The other thing that saw happening was this. The code I am using is from another EA(LondonClose approach) I had developed. In that case I only verify the current day's date. That fix is working perfectly now for more than 7 months. So for this EA when I saw one of the debug logs I noticed that the candle date was still within the correct date but not the time.

So, in addition to bumping up the number of request, I am now looking to also verify the datet and time of the returned candle  match that if the  w currently candle of symbol.. I am confident that this will fix the issue.

So all is gooood

Jess

--- 帖子 #778 ---
I don't think the drawdown problem is related to trend determination. Although you may not even need EMA100 to find the trend, it does the job fine. The problem, IMO, is the messy retracements, especially when price is far away from EMA100.

Regards,

Blackeagle

--- 帖子 #779 ---
if it is "messy" retracements as you say then not much can be done,

but not convinced at this point

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Like this one. I don't think next higher TF price action would help. The solution to reduce the noise and drawdown would be to wait for deeper retracements or location, location, location.

Regards,

Blackeagle

--- 帖子 #781 ---
So, instead of taking trades anywhere above/below EMA100, how about focusing on shaded rectangles and using the entry rule? Location, location, location!!!

Regards,

Blackeagle

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Attached File(s)   SS_SupportResistance_v04c original mod.ex4

18 KB
|
461 downloads

--- 帖子 #783 ---
No doubt better “locations” as you refer to it, will improve results.

My personal preference is to have H4 on my side also.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
How do we follow the entry rule here and what direction (buy or sell).

--- 帖子 #785 ---
I have been following this thread from the start and started to trade it on a live account for the past 2 weeks.

I made a few minor modifications and so far its working really well with hardly any losses.

1. I use 200 SMA as the baseline

2. I also use the red line of the alligator indicator as an additional baseline

3. Only enter (buy) if above both baselines.

4. I take two trades (1% each) I close one at 1:1 and trail the other one (using ATR on the timeframe I am trading on)

5. If a candle closes behind the green of the alligator I do not trade until it crosses back and closes above the green line.

6. In addition I try to trade only when above the 200SMA on higher timeframes

Don't trade when the price is repeatedly crossing the alligator indicator or when it is all tangled up ( This is a great visual cure when to stay away)

The alligator also helps to show a strong trend when the three lines fan out and are clearly separated.

about 70-80% winners so far.

Biggest problem is moving the Pending orders every hour..I wish the EA would allow you to specify 2 baselines! and trail by ATR multiple.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Hi money, in the horizontal channel you draw, whay dont you take a buy order after the second red candle? it is above 200 sma and red alligator

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Post #1

--- 帖子 #788 ---
@beren Yes that was a valid trade. I just gave one example.

--- 帖子 #789 ---
You can hire a coder for cheap on https://www.fiverr.com/ and somebody can code you an ea.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
I like your style Minotawr!

Hope you don't mind me asking but I'm interested in the subject of Morri's question and I don't think it's been covered (much) before... Do you finish up for the day after taking profit just for the sake of you lifestyle, life/work balance and sanity or is there also technical reasons? I.e it's more productive, more profitable, less risky?

Anyway cheers!

--- 帖子 #791 ---
NEED A BUY AND SELL STOP EA

Please can anyone direct me to where I can get a buy stop and sell stop EA.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Fixed the message alert there was a typo. Just overwrite the old file whoever is using it.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
I use these scripts which someone previously uploaded, works great.

Attached File(s)   ForestraliaBuy Daily!!!!.ex4

28 KB
|
416 downloads
Attached File(s)   ForestraliaSell Daily!!!!.ex4

27 KB
|
374 downloads

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Thanks for your kindness. I deeply appreciate this.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 7 (FOLKS from now on please PM me with EA issue)

DownLoad is ready at:
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

This update was started last week and I had some traders help with the debug (thank you). But I decided to release it, cause I had some time this weekend and was able to pinpoint the bugs and fix them, also was able to TEST and see that they worked properly. The following has been updated and tested to work.

1. BreakEven/Trail stop per Pair. EA will default to set BE first before using the trail stop (if you have chosen to use both)

2. Price Data from MT4 server issues. This one turned out really well. Not only did I figure out a way to get the correct data, but now only 11 lines of code are used. where as in previous version it used over 30 lines of code. I can go even lower LOL but I decide to leave the 'redundancy' check. 11 lines of code means faster execution and less prone to ERRORS.

There are still some minor bugs that I need to deal with but those do not affect operations.

I did not test all scenarios, just the basic one to SEE these two items in action, so I leave that to you, remember PM me on any issues.

ENJOY

Jess

IMPORTANT:  Please use this version, the other versions are not complete in that the data they gather can be in error and or the logic in the EA will make it stop looking for new signals after the first one is found

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Is this normal? Why does it use Buy limits and Sell limits?

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Hey Jess - link downloads file: xm7_ChaosMM_EA_v7.ex4 ?

Cheers

maahome

--- 帖子 #798 ---
I have seen the same as @Daniel007 and also lot sizes were random on some of the pairs, so removed all other pairs and left EU to understand how the EA was functioning.....

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Folks:

Sorry Uploaded wrong EA.   The correct EA is up now.
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Yes it is normal..   cause that is not the magic100 EA.

Its ready now.  Go get it.

Jess

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Hello,

How can i do trade on this EA?

--- 帖子 #802 ---
M15, plus perhaps a bit young in relation to the MA for some of you,

but I liked the market structure

--- 帖子 #803 ---
EDIT:

Oh sorry..

Yes, download EA.

Place on Chart

Sit on Hands.

Be Patient

When you see any profit. Hit the Red Button

Wait for new trades

Sit on Hands.

Again if you see profit HIT RED BUTTON

repeat process until you have reached 3% and then turn off EA

Enjoy rest of week.

Wait for Sunday and repeat.

J

--- 帖子 #804 ---
@xmess7 : does it works with ecn accounts ?

--- 帖子 #805 ---
If I know Jess, it will. You can always try it and see. I use only pro ecn style accounts and all his EA's work with them.

Cheers

maahome

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Thanks your reply.  Let me try and feedback.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Been testing it this morning.

Very impressed!

--- 帖子 #808 ---
=======

2 obvious longs; why did you short it?

Hercs.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Most defintely.  Mahomes is familiar with my EAs.

I only use ECNs myself, all my EAs are structured to work with both ecn and non ecn brokers.

Now, if only I could make the EA recognize crooked brokers.... LOL

Jess

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Hello;

I appreciated your studies on EA. I have also want to attend your studies but after download the latest version of the EA I have an error message such as attached screenshot. I retried to setup the program but I always get same error message. I wonder if I did a wrong or missing step to setup the EA. If you can check the attached error message and give your suggestion to me it will be  very appreciate.

Your sinceryl

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Hey are those your Huskies in your icon image?

Love huskies, had one several years ago... very playful and awesome looking..

Jess

--- 帖子 #812 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 7.1 (FOLKS from now on please PM me with EA issue)

DownLoad is ready at:
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

Found one error, this may be affecting the StopLosses. Maybe.

Anyhow adjusted the error and uploaded an update.

Also made adjustments to the "Market is Closed" message. Extended the time it should show and also added extra info so you can tell

when it happened.

This version is 7.1..... BTW version 8 is on its way. So Stay tuned.

After we get this working (including version 8).

I plan to activate(EA already has these in code):

- MAX/MIN weekly DD - keeps track of the absolute values that your "basket" of trades reaches during the week

- Basket TakeProfit/StopLoss - With these you can treat your trades as one basket and have the EA close out when the overall TP/SLs are reached

I may also add the Basket BE and Trailing stops, maybe, I think with what the EA has now is more than enough for a trader to utilize it as a good trading tool for this approach.

Peace Jess

--- 帖子 #813 ---
They were - old picture! Yes adorable dogs

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Thanks xmess7 for your hard work on the EA. I just have a couple questions (sorry I can't PM due to "Private Messages Restricted Per Member Status" in my profile).

About the TradeHours, are we using Local / Broker / or GMT Time ? Also, do you think we need a option (like close all or pause the EA) regarding Big News coming within a certain hours/mins ?

for the stoploss, can we have an option of choosing 1x ATR (if the current signal candle is small or less than 1 ATR)  and an option of ignoring the long candles (like 2 ATR or above) to avoid too big of stoploss .

I hope I'm making sense of what i'm saying

Best of luck to you and Minotawr. Peace.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Hey, thanks xmess7.

I downloaded your EA and placed in the "experts" file, and I "think" it's working or do i have to click on "play auto trading" at the top for it to work ? So far no trades have happened.

I agree with c0ng7u, we need to be able to pause the the EA, that is crucial.

Can we have simpler mechanism for BE,TP,SL...i am confused by it tbh...how to properly set BE etc.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #816 ---
https://prnt.sc/t0ao8i

patterns and MA 100

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Hi  Gary

Can you please explain what that indicator is showing, thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
You can place a SHOUT in the mean time...

- Trade Hours are local.   If it were GMT I would have included that in the input label

-  It is up to the trader when to activate or close the EA.

-  no ATR option.

To remedy your concerned with stoploss hits, I recommend you select the LotsPerRisk and set the Risk to 0.5%.  Then set your TP ratio to 1:2.  That will allow you to stay in the game and in the long run be profitable.

Jess

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Hi Skyside68.

Yes, make sure the AutoTrading button is activated so the EA can trade, otherwise nothing will happen.

Also make sure that you have placed the EA in the correct folder.  MT4 select FILE==>OPEN DATA FOLDER

Then navigate to MQL4/Experts.   If you don't see the EA there then please copy it to that location.

I will make a brief video on how to setup the BE/Trail-stop features.

but briefly here are the things you want to do.  I will use pips but you can also use % move.  % move is the % moved from openPrice to TP.

Example 1.  You want a BE after profit has traveled 30 pips

Settings:

usePipsOrPercent=pips

"Set BE (pips or %)"=30

"Set StepDelta (pips or %)" = 0

"Set TrailStop (pips or %)" =0

Example 2 You want a 40pip trail for every 25 pip move of profit..

Settings:

usePipsOrPercent=pips

"Set BE (pips or %)"=0

"Set StepDelta (pips or %)" = 20  <== if you leave this at 0 the EA will default to no trailstop

"Set TrailStop (pips or %)" = 40

Example 3  You want to set break even when profit has reach 30 pips and then after that you want a 50 pip trail for every 25 pip move up to profit.

Settings:

usePipsOrPercent=pips

"Set BE (pips or %)"=30

"Set StepDelta (pips or %)" = 25  <== if you leave this at 0 the EA will default to no trailstop

"Set TrailStop (pips or %)" = 50

NOTE: EA if you have that last scenario (Example 3) where both BE and TRAIL are set, the EA will first set up BE before attempting the trail.

Jess

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Too bad once again EA's become the the main topic. Shame it was a good thread. Enough for me.  All the best Minotawr.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Hi' Xmess7, thanks for your hardwork.

I try to download your ea but sadly it can't be backtested.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
EAs discussion has taken over the thread. What happens to a strategy without an EA?

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Guys/Gals  ogboriefor has spoken!    PM me with EA related questions.  If you cannot PM.. leave me a Shout.

Thnx

Jess

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Hello everyone, what pairs are on your watchlist today to follow Magic100?

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Hi Guys,

The EA does not even load into MT4 do you have the MQL format.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #826 ---
???

--- 帖子 #827 ---
???

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Good idea Machiyara. Seems most of the pairs are retracing at the moment.

I am not seeing lots of clear trend direction.

Possibly buy AUDNZD if it retraces a bit more (Image 1).

CADJPY in the higher time frames are bearish, but on the lower time frames are making HH and HL, so not comfortable taking a short even though the candles are below the 100EMA (Image 2).

Buy GBPCAD  - 100EMA is trending up. However would need to retrace for entry (Image 3)

Anyone else with thoughts on today on the Magic 100?

--- 帖子 #829 ---
CADJPY I sold on the 4hr Chart - moved stop to b/e when 20 pips in profit and stop got hit

am currently long GBPUSD, AUDUSD & AUDSGD with pending orders to buy AUDCHF and AUDNZD

- bit of an Aussie overload!!

Still working out best exit strategy - whether to move stop to b/e at some point or lock in profits or just let it run to target...

Trading real money (not demo) but small lots until I get a better handle on the strategy.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #830 ---
[quote=xmess7;13005698]{quote} You can place a SHOUT in the mean time... how do i place a shout ?

There's an issue with USDJPY where it did a stop limit but the SL = price ..weird eh ?

--- 帖子 #831 ---
EURGBP also on the watchlist

--- 帖子 #832 ---
EURAUD TP +2R

--- 帖子 #833 ---
missed this one, but if it comes back and the conditions are still favorable, will buy.....for a mere 1:1RR

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Hey peter. do u have indic for zones ?

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Hi Jess - Thanks for the EA, working well so far.

Can we add the condition to take the trade on Bid price for long and Ask price for short.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Hi

I'm eyeing a trade on AUDUSD long, waiting for this retrace to play out.

It would make life easier if we could get the price levels to show at our TP's and SL. I used to know how to do that but can't remember how, anybody here know?

I mean on the fib

--- 帖子 #837 ---
GBPUSD 1hr TRADE

Went long at 1.26586 - trade went 23 pips into profit before reversing. Stop was moved to b/e when +20 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #838 ---
AUDUSD 1hr TRADE

Same story as above. Entered long, trade went approx 23 pips in my favour before reversing. Stop was moved to b/e at +20. Unlike the GBPUSD, this trade would still be in play however if I hadn't moved my stop... Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Please see your profile and keep your questions there .  For now to respond  please leave a SHOUT on my profile. Do this until you can Post Messages.

Thnx

Jess

--- 帖子 #840 ---
mmurat:

Please see your profile. I left you a SHOUT. If you have more questions please leave a SHOUT on my profile as well. Do this until you can Post Messages.

Thnx

--- 帖子 #841 ---
What too Look for when determining a valid pending order condition ....

Just wanted to reiterate.

If a candle is below the EMA100 ==> look for short opportunities

If a candle is above the EMA100 ==> look for long opportunities

In order to meet these two conditions the EA looks to see that the whole candle is above/below.. this includes the high/low of candle.

Many are reporting that there are missed pending order, but in fact that is not the case.. The candle body plus wicks of that "missed" pending order are not satisfying the rule.

One thing that is of good practice is to look for those things/ideas/observations that deter you from trading.

BE or no trades are winners in my book cause they keep you in the game.

So with this by considering the whole candle and not just the body, you eliminate  many would be pending orders.  less exposure.

One of the best practices that I have used is real simple. If I look at a chart and see nothing that points to a possible trade, or only see a partial formation... I simply do not trade and SOMH (Sit on MY hands). LOL.

Jess

--- 帖子 #842 ---
this is effect of news

--- 帖子 #843 ---
[quote = xmess7; 13007889] {quote} mmurat: Lütfen profilinize bakın. Sana bir SHOUT bıraktım. Daha fazla sorunuz varsa lütfen profilime de bir SHOUT bırakın. Mesaj Gönderene kadar bunu yapın. Thnx [/ alıntı]

Thank you.ı couldn t wite from dm for being a new member

--- 帖子 #844 ---
what zones?

--- 帖子 #845 ---
anyone interested?

--- 帖子 #846 ---
watchlist

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Hi Peter , I am certainly interested, thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
I refer to EG

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Hi,

Tried loading EA into MT4 for terminal it copies across ok. But when reboot MT4 EA does not appear. Is there anything I need to do on file prior to copying it across into MT4?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #850 ---
AUD / JPY looks interesting setup , i see a sell before we break this box

--- 帖子 #851 ---
I am in Peter.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
also,....

--- 帖子 #853 ---
-1R

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Heknoid:

If you already solved this let me know, I am just catching on messages.

CAn you meet on Friday ??  I am at Pacific Time GMT-7.    Lets try a desktop share so I can assist you with your dilema.

Here is a video you can try.  I show how to install MT4 in your OWN separate folder.   That way you KNOW EXACTLY where the EXPERTS and INDICATORS are located.

The neat thing about this is that you can move the folder to anywhere you need to.  You can put it on a STICK and have it in your pocket LOL.  Yes all of your accounts/experts/templates/scripts/indicators etc  all in your pocket..   And if u need to connect to a new broker NO PROBLEM u can use the SAME MT4 all u need is to know the account number/password/meta trader server.

Inserted Video

Hope this can jhelp.  I am fairly sure you are placing the EA in the OTHER folder under AppData/  which is why u have the confusion of not seeing it where it should be.

JESS

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Hey guys, be carefull. I didn`t see anything in the last days worth of trading. Many pairs are in indecisiveness. Sit tight and be patient.

"Somedays you go long, somedays you go short and somedays you just go fishing!"

--- 帖子 #856 ---
hey man i have a question!

In this situation the trade would be valid?

Because the next bull candle did not breaked the high but the third candle did....

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Hi Jan,

yes this will be valid. It is not absolutely necessary to break your stop order on the very next candle.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
eurusd 100 under EMA opened buy and sl was naturally.

ıt s againits the entry rule,isn t it?

--- 帖子 #859 ---
I think Cad/Chf is in a uptrend!

could have some opportunities!

--- 帖子 #860 ---
I think Eur/Usd is not in a trend...

--- 帖子 #861 ---
this trade can give you risk to reward as ratio 1:1.5

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Yes but i would be aiming for 2:1 and would be stoped out...

--- 帖子 #863 ---
@xmess7

Hi thanks for sharing this with me I really appreciate the setup instructions.

Do have recommended setup for the EA Magic 100 set file that works well for you that you could share with me.

Just like to thank you you in advance.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Interesting - could you be a little more specific then as to what you actually look for and perhaps, using the examples I posted yesterday tell me why you wouldn't have traded them? Thanks

--- 帖子 #865 ---
No trend i guess...

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Look Eur/Cad closely guys!!

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Hey Minotawr!

Do you think that in the Eur/Cad 1h timeframe can be an Oportunity?

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Hi Jandelichte. That goes against the strategy. You should look for sells opportunities in a down trend (below the 100EMA).

Regards,

Brent.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Its a sell kkk, i should had posted a better explanation!

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Hi all

I think the EA of this strategy has a bug on EURUSD,because open a pending at 1.0000

Someone have the same problem?

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Hi Wellington,

just zoom out on your charts...did you see something moving in a clear direction? Many pairs are ranging at the moment, just wobbling around the EMA100.

For tomorrow only two pairs on my WL

--- 帖子 #872 ---
What two pairs?

--- 帖子 #873 ---
U/J and E/J

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Interesting

Can you explain why are you watching these two pairs?

Thank you Sir

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Hello.. what if we put an addition to this EA. when there is no trend,the band trades? he s been trading negative for two 2 days..

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Hey folks, are there other markets that trend when the forex is ranging?

Not much opportunity to trade forex just now...so wondering what other trend traders are trading now.

Cheers.

Brent.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Not yet, but once I get a chance to run it, I will share my settings..

--- 帖子 #878 ---
trades today

--- 帖子 #879 ---
@xmess7

Hi I followed your instructions to the T still not showing in MT4 after I get back into terminal.

I have other Multiple EA 's running on different brokers without an issue could you please send me the set.file as a (PM) so I can try this again.

It could be the formatting on the .ex4 file causing the issue.

Thanks again for all your help m8

--- 帖子 #880 ---
minotawr and xmess, I appreciate all your work... xmess, this is what I have been telling you privately...this technique will kill the account during a week like this and there are more of these weeks then previous weeks....it just the way the cookie crumble...

--- 帖子 #881 ---
and that is why i've been saying all along, this is not an ea that you just turn on and run. You still have to select which pairs to trade and then you turn no the EA with the MM settings you prefer and the EA will take care of the rest. The most important part is still up to the trader......selecting which pair to trade and WHEN to start trading. This EA is a trade "assistant"

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Hi Degolep

Thx for the indicator. I have two issues, 1st is when I add the indicator to my chart all other indicators on my chart are disabled. I have to remove all indicators and then add the Magic 100 thereafter I can add the other indicators. Not a train smash. 2nd issue, with the indicator attached I then draw trend lines. fibs ext, when I then change the time frame the objects delete.

Not sure if I am the only one having this experience.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Yes I know, the main point of this indicator was for me to get alerts only, so I have one mt4 terminal set just for alerts, and on the other mt4 I have my charting. I got a coder cheap and he done what I requested but it has flaws like you mentioned and I really don't care about it because I don't use it on my active chart just for alerts as I said.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Took this one today on NSDQ

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Hi All

I am practicing manual trading, although trends aren't strong at the moment it is helping me to get a system of placing the trades that works for me.

I am using the fib as shown in this trade, I placed the sell stop as soon as the retrace candle I was using completed, I then put the fib on to see where my stop and TP's

should be. Only after the trade has triggered do I set the stop and and TP by dragging the lines there from the sell line.

I have had a few losses today but all my current trades are in profit, wondering what NY open will do to that!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #886 ---
hello, if I stick with it, I didn't put a sl, as I often run in sl but then go great in win

usdjyp

--- 帖子 #887 ---
And what will you do when it will run against you more then 100 pips?

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Yes driven18, this is the case for MAANY approaches.  Well except the ones where you use your SECRET INDICATOR... LOL  your EYES!!

Last week the FED placed alot of things in motion, inclusive this Monday.. but then price started to slooooww down.  We have seen this soooo many times and when this happens its time to SOYH (Sit on Your Hands).  So EAs are turned OFF.

So the remedy is simple, do not trade when you see this type of indecision.

J

--- 帖子 #889 ---
J you are right, this is a great EA but only when you trade in the right conditions, it is not a set and forget 24/7 tool. I dont think that even exists. But used wisley, it can be very good.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Heknoid:  I left you a PM under your profile.

Please from now on PM me with any EA related questions.

J

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Oh another thing. Guys you don't need to use many pairs, 2 and perhaps 3 are more than enuf. 1pair is perfect cause then you will know how it operations. So imagine you used 2 pairs this week with a 0.5% risk. The loss this week would still be very manageable....

I know, the argument is that the reward then becomes small or I am missing out on other "good" trades.

Well.... I'll give you a real world example. I participated in the FTMO challenge a couple of months ago and I passed it.

Check this out. I traded ONE PAIR... and I would employ my SEE PROFIT, CLOSE PROFIT habit. So I ran my little simple EA. Whenever I would take a "peak" or if I woke up lol, if I saw profit BAM! I closed it. These SEE PROFIT ,CLOSE PROFIT operations yielded from 0.1%-0.6% gains. The other times TP would be hit with a 1:1.5 ratio.

Well.. in about 13 trading days. I hitz the goal of the challenge. DESPITE taking small winners this happened.

So the moral of the story is just GET THE DANG PROFIT WHEN U SEE IT LOL and keep your risk LOOOOWW. Keep it low by applying small risk and taking LESS exposure (ie less pairs=less trades).

Being consistent, as you all know, is the key. Cause when you start handling larger sums,, well you know 0.1% per day can be quite a bit of $$$.

J

--- 帖子 #892 ---
teapeak,when I see it going up, I'm out. this trade would have been with fixed sl in minus. here the market has cleared the stop first, as you can see

--- 帖子 #893 ---
so I see this setup many times

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Your Trade would have been a winner.

Look at the 5 Min Chart.

After you placed the sell stop order, the price went up first and triggered after he come back the sell stop.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Agrees

--- 帖子 #896 ---
this weeks trades

....market structure, market structure, market structure

--- 帖子 #897 ---
and my last post for the thread....on the watchlist

--- 帖子 #898 ---
[quote = xmess7; 13012927] {quote} Heknoid: te dejé un PM bajo tu perfil. Por favor, a partir de ahora envíame un PM con cualquier pregunta relacionada con EA. J [/ cita]

Hello xmess7

I think your system is excellent, I congratulate you! I only have one query... How can I do so that the orders do not leave a space (light blue)? In the image I try to explain

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Awesome tea! This are the deep retracements we are looking for.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Very nice Peter!  I like your style. Keep going

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Hey driven, no, on contrary. This technique will keep you out of the market situations like this. If you see ranging markets, you just doesn`t trade.

It is the wish of many to trade everyday, that will kill the account. To know when not to trade is key

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Well said my friend.

My advise for beginners: Turn the EA off and learn to trade properly

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Keep an eye on the GBP and JPY pairs today, guys.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Hi Larry and welcome in this thread. Well done, keep going!

--- 帖子 #905 ---
It is the buffer between the spreads (bid/ask)

Cheers

maahome

--- 帖子 #906 ---
What do you guys think about this trade?

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Perfect.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Looks good Jan, you learning really fast

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Easy and effective. Plan yout trades and trade your plan

GBP/CAD

--- 帖子 #911 ---
GBP/JPY and GBP/USD

Patience will be rewarded. If markets are finally moving, the Magic100 will do the job

--- 帖子 #912 ---
I am out for the week guys.

I wish you a nice weekend. Germany and other countries are openning the borders. Maybe i will be on holidays until end of August.

All the best and stay safe

--- 帖子 #913 ---
100 ema does not have a meat in a pair of USDJPY.Buying under the tape

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Trades yesterday
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I regard that as very satisfactory compared to how I used to trade

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Up

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Result today

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A profit is a profit

For those who ask when does a trend end... when it starts going in the opposite direction. Lower lows or higher highs. Advice for least cost to your account is to wait.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Congratulations on your trades.

can you shed light on how you exit these number of  trades ?

do you wait for your target to be hit?

move your stop loss?

--- 帖子 #918 ---
[quote = LarryK; 13014558] Dün yapılan işlemler {image} Bunu, ticaret yaparken kullandığımdan çok tatmin edici buluyorum [/ quote]

Hello;

I appreciate you to your studies. I wonder if you closed your trade by manually or do you use standard setting.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Hey

Minotawr

This strategy works on a higher timeframe?

Specifically on the 4 Hour time frame!?

specifically

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Hi, Most of the trades close at tp3 or sl. Friday after I see what NY is doing I decided to close all and enjoy my sundowner.

I also made a note to myself that if I trade indices I must reduce size of trade to only .01 or .02.

Although my account is not real money I try to trade as if it is the size that I would trade for real.

I also recommend that visitors here ask no questions about the strategy without first taking the trouble to read page 1 at the very least, reading the whole thread first will answer most questions that come up regularly.

I also will not be posting my trades when I enter, but you will always see how I have done at the end of each day.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
The question therefore is; how is a strong trend defined? Many times I think a strong trend is in place. But an hour later the reverse starts.

Trend is like a fish. I don't want head and tail. In a trend we need to catch the middle.

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Look at a HTF. If you have a strong trend on the wkly there will be opportunities to jump on board. Look for quality not quantity.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Thanks. I like your idea.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Always remember this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Hi - I think this is what you may be referring to - pics attached

In Fibo Levels add %$ to show figures

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Thanks. I will make a printout!

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Hey guys

Whats the average win rate % of this strategy?

--- 帖子 #929 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...5#post12866605

and
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...9#post12881779
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Kevinas:

Its not my system, I am not the originator .

I just developed the programmed based on the author's idea.

So as per your question... I think you mean that you want to see the orders get filled beyond those zones you have in your picture. Is that what you mean?

Thnx

Jess

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Please check if I understand your strategy. The signal begins after the green candle closes. The signal comes with the possible start of the red candle.

I can now set my sell stop and my stoplost at the beginning of the candle.

Thank you very much for your help.

I am not a programmer. I just play a little with the Meta Editor. It will not be enough for a professional release. But maybe a professional can write it properly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #932 ---
This system will not work unless you have a main line (fundamental) backing it up...

gbpusd is not really going anywhere in the near future as it is in equilibrium...  iow. this will only drain your account...

--- 帖子 #933 ---
EUR / USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBP / USD and EUR / USD last Friday. I'm sorry, I forgot.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Thanks Larry, many don't even bother to read the first page. How can you expect success without investing a bit of work?

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Hey Larseg, thanks for your comment. The core of the system is simple: if the pair is going anywhere, we just don`t trade it

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Hi Maijin, welcome here. Almost right, but your arrows are not accurate. Please reread the thread again. @Degolep has made an alert indi already on this.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Do we have any good graphics setup this morning?

H1 EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Hi @Minotawr,

I'm currently working on a new project and one of the patterns is your Magic100.

Here I post an idea which I analyze to filter multiple signals:

- A fast and a slow moving average.

Signal is towards the slope for the fast MA, and candle crossing the slow MA

- Distance from Factor*ATR between the entry levels

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Hello, today is not my day, some went to sl. maybe on monday

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Great SwingMan!  Can't wait to try it.  Is there an alert?

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Hi @Minotawr, looking at this chart for EURCAD at 1H

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have a question when you see the trend shifting and making it close to the 100EMA? Do you try to take positions like these?

Also situations where we see a Vik Rejection on the 100EMA, Does that also valid the conditions?

--- 帖子 #942 ---
No, alerts for what?

I have only described one idea. If at some point the author finds something interesting or makes recommendations, one can discuss it.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
GBP USD

Newbie entry.

Waiting for order to get filled.

Any comment welcome to help newbie.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Check this trade guys

please!

--- 帖子 #945 ---
For what it's worth here's my take while you wait for the more senior traders to comment.. I don't think there is a well established up trend on GBPUSD as yet so I wouldn't take the trade. Your buy stop entry is only just above the 100EMA and price hasn't properly broken through the area.

Hope that helps

--- 帖子 #946 ---
GBP USD

Adding one more buy stop order.

Price broke the structure forming Support Resistant Flip (SRF) at 100 ema.

Any comment of this Newbie set up are welcome.

Thank You.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
today 100 percent plus, eurusd, audusd, usdchf

--- 帖子 #948 ---
usdchf

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Yesterday was not very good, lot of ranging, I am taking a lot of trades so that I can see what works and when.

Today is a little better, might get a breakeven or small loss, drawdown is part of the business.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #950 ---
@LarryK

Hi Larry, not bad results m8.

What set file are you using on Magic if you don't mind sharing.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #951 ---
EDIT: version 9 has been uploaded, if u downloaded version 8 pls consider getting this version.

EA UPDATE: Version 9 (FOLKS from now on please PM me with EA issue)

DownLoad is ready at:
xm7_Magic100_EA_v9.ex4

Hope all are doing great. I am releasing version 9. You may not see any changes but internally I made some corrects that were affecting the 3 digit pairs with CRAZY big lots. There are also some other improvements in the way it handle trades etc.

Unfortunately time is limited, other projects are of top priority so for now I will leave this project as iz. I am running the EA 24/7 and will be looking at its performance from time to time. So if any updates are needed I will do that but for now I am of to these wild project adventures LOL...

I'll try to answer any PMs.. just be aware that it will take longer.

Once things slow down I'll get back and do some more fun stuff..

Jess

PS: if a newbie starts asking all kinds of questions on the EA just point them to https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100 and let them figure it out LOL

PSS: I left version 7 for in case version 9 doesn't behave lol.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
[quote = xmess7; 13016699] {quote} Kevinas: No es mi sistema, no soy el creador . Acabo de desarrollar el programado en base a la idea del autor. Entonces, según su pregunta ... Creo que quiere decir que desea ver que los pedidos se llenen más allá de las zonas que tiene en su imagen. ¿Es eso lo que quieres decir? Thnx Jess [/ cita]

Exactly, the idea is that the pending order is positioned right at the top of the candle

--- 帖子 #953 ---
@xmess7

Great work m8.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #954 ---
If you are asking about the EA all my trades are manually set according to the rules on page 1.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Trades from yesterday, small loss. I missed a few good opportunities on NZD pairs this morning, not to worry, can't see them all.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #956 ---
hello larry, maybe you have to choose better, i made 4 trades yesterday which were all in plus. I trade manually, however, I'm really only looking for those where ma shows up or down. didn't work properly on monday, but I'm great in plus

--- 帖子 #957 ---
EUR JPY

Hi, Im newbie.

Live trade and trying to learn to trade.

Any comment are welcome.

Thank You

--- 帖子 #958 ---
by the looks of your picture, EG is in a range. It's NOT trending at all.  You want a pair that is trending and then trade the pullbacks. The hardest part of this strategy imo is finding the right trending pair at the right time without missing too much of the trend/move.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Thanks for your great comments.

Very encouraging and in fact helped me to see my own thoughts in a different light.

Sang Real

--- 帖子 #960 ---
EUR AUD

Newbie again, trying to learn to trade with live account.

Any comment are welcome for learning purposes.

Thank You.

Sang Real

--- 帖子 #961 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 10 (FOLKS from now on please PM me with EA issue)

DownLoad is ready at:
xm7_Magic100_EA_v10.ex4

SOOOORRY FOLKS! Forgot to activate the symbol buttons on both rev 8 and 9... so its all good on version 10.

Wow version 10... will we reach 100?? LOL.

ENJOY!

Jess

--- 帖子 #962 ---
SL Hit (loss -22pips)

EUR JPY

Re-entry.

Placed new Stop Order at London Open.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
I would suggest you cancell that buy stop, read through all the pages and demo trade till you get the system and are profitable on demo...

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Guys any good pair to trade?

I dont find anything trending...

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Eur/usd just had a reversal bar maybe wait for a couple more reversal bars.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
GBP JPY

Placed buy order

Any comment are welcome for learning purposes.

Thank You

--- 帖子 #967 ---
You need to have a trend bruh

--- 帖子 #968 ---
jandelichte is right

on top of that look left of your chart scroll out look for any support and resistance levels and take on board the previous day high and low,, this is what I do great thread.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Just one more thing I would not trade on a reversal bar that has made a new high or low that's why you need a good reversal to enter on the trend,

--- 帖子 #970 ---
I agree I've been overtrading, wanting to take every signal, I'll start being more choosey.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Thanks for the comment & the insight jandelichte

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Thanks for the comment Croesus.

I agree, knowing the logical support/resistant level is very much important on trend based trading!.

The clearer the S/R, the higher probability trades.

Though fake breakouts are hard to avoid, how do you deal with this concept?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
hey guys is this a good entry point Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #974 ---
GBP JPY

Typical SELL Stop set up.

Does this set up is good to take or need to wait for other factors.

Any comment welcome for educational purposes.

Thank You

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Hi. In this graph there is no trend, also with the wicks that are. In the candles, I don't see that it's a good pair to use right now.

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Thank You for your comment & view.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Hi Gerval.

How about this set up ?.

Is this a good pair to trade.

If not... can you describe it for Newbie like me to learn.

Thank You

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this case, you may say all good trends come to an end.

In many cases, that last attempt to participate in a trend will end in a loss.

We may more likely to take a loss as the reversal draws near. ( if price reverse)

As a result, we become increasingly reluctant to participate in established trends.

We begin guessing when the trend will be over and, as the trend progresses, they become less and less inclined to trade.

Meanwhile, the trend continues on without them.

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Thank you!!!

But why your EAs not work in strategy tester?

--- 帖子 #979 ---
[quote = xmess7; 13025558] EA GÜNCELLEME: Sürüm 10 (şu andan itibaren FOLKS lütfen EA sorunu ile bana PM) DownLoad hazır: xm7_Magic100_EA_v10.ex4 SOOOORRY FOLKS! Hem rev 8 hem de 9'daki sembol düğmelerini etkinleştirmeyi unuttum ... bu yüzden hepsi sürüm 10'da iyi. Vay be 10 sürümü ... 100'e ulaşacak mıyız ?? LOL. ZEVK ALMAK! Jess {dosya} [/ quote]

thank you

the installation of the new version did not happen

020.06.26 08:20:26.682 Cannot call 'wininet.dll::InternetOpenW', DLL is not allowed

2020.06.26 08:20:26.682 xm7_Magic100_EA_v10 EURUSD,H1: unresolved import function call

2020.06.26 08:20:26.684 xm7_Magic100_EA_v10 EURUSD,H1: not initialized

2020.06.26 08:20:26.684 xm7_Magic100_EA_v10 EURUSD,H1: uninit reason 8

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Make sure you have 'Allow DLLs' checked in appropriate spots.  That the dll wininet.dll is used in the previous versions and is working.

you just need to make sure your MT4 setup is accepting DLLs.   Refer to following images.

Thnx

Jess

--- 帖子 #981 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 11 (FOLKS from now on please PM me with EA issue)

Download is ready at:
xm7_Magic100_EA_v11.ex4

Per popular request I have added the option to change the EMA Period. You will find this new input in the "Additional Inputs" section.

ENJOY!

Jess

PS: Latest EA version and info can be found at https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

--- 帖子 #982 ---
@sang.real

just an idea for you and the other traders, in order to identify a trend maybe you can set besides ema100 on H1 also ema400 that will show you where's the ema100 on a H4 TF. the positions of ema100 to ema400 will tell you if that's a trend you'll want to jump in. take a look at the chart and tell yourself if you would take your last buys again

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Hi,

My advise would be going through thread and see trade examples posted from all guys/gals here, especially ones that mastered it (Minotawr, Teapeak, PeterE (incorporated structure), etc...). That's what I do. Also my observations are:

- wait for Frankfurt/London open and take setups after that time

- wait for deeper retrace (if there is not enough space between entry and recent high/low, it tends to fail to break it and returns deeper to establish new setup/opportunity - your GU example today)

Check your trade for GU today later entry (even inside bar gives more hint to go for this one)
Attached Image

Same with EU today (distance from low gives more room to successful trade)
Attached Image

So study charts.

Thanks Minotawr, thank you all guys/gals.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
watchlist EU

--- 帖子 #985 ---
GBP USD

Today trade with simple set up.

Targeted the H4 Support zone.

Goodnite all

Have a good weekend.

See you next week.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
GBP USD

Here is The Target Zone in detail with H4 TF Chart for clarity

--- 帖子 #987 ---
EUR JPY

Next week set up

Going with Second Method set up.

First method may not be feasible as the SL are huge.

Any comment and views from senior/professional traders in this thread are welcome.

See you next week.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
What's your singnal bar on GU?

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Good evening guys, i hope everything is good and everybody is healthy

Keep an eye on the GBP pairs next days, i see many good setups ahead

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Hi Sang.Real.

This method clearly states that there MUST be a trend in place to enable you to trade.

For me....I will look to a higher time frame to look for "overall" trend. Personally, I prefer to see the Daily (and or) Weekly displaying a good trend before looking at the H4 or H1 for a possible setup.

In my opinion, the EURJPY is not currently displaying a trend on the D1. It is in a "sideways" move currently, and therefore, in my opinion, should be overlooked as a pair to trade. "Nothing to see here" as the saying goes. Look elsewhere for a trending pair.

I hope that helps.

Cheers

Michael

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Hi MichaelG,

Thankyou for the kind words.

Your comments have always been appreciated by me!

Your a very precise trader and I admire that. Thanks for your excellent view on my set up.

I hope you the best as well mate.

As Newbie, I still got a long way to learn to become an expert trader like you.

I will continue posting and asking some stupid (newbie) question. Hope will learn to become better trader, one day.

I hope , all of you will bear with me because I'm still learning.

May you gain lot of green pips this week.

Sincerely

Sang.Real

--- 帖子 #992 ---
EUR JPY

I'm placing live trade at London Open, with sell order using H4 set up.

Price broke 100ema on H4 and testing the level.

Price is making lower high and broken several supports pas week.

Since price is consolidating, I waiting for rejection at Resistant Level. Placed Sell Limit at Resistant Zone.

Small lot for Sell Limit with minimum risk of 15.5 pips SL.

Since it's in a huge state of consolidation. This means we are ready for a big trending move.

In a situation like this I would not only wait for the hourly candle get rejected, and going for a price breakout as well!

The second order is Sell Stop placed below the reversal candle.

When price trades in a narrow range, It builds energy for the next move.

The longer price remains constricted, the more energy it builds and so the bigger the breakout move is expected.

Now, waiting for Price to hit the Limit Order.

This is Newbie set up not meant for trade signal. Enter at your own risk.

Sang.Real

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Thank you Minotawr, for the hint

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Hello everyone.

Just been looking over this thread this weekend.

Just spotted a buy trade and in it already (manually as it had already passed the buy stop) EURUSD 1 Hour.

Price 1.2579, TP 1.2720, SL 1.12426.

See how it goes

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Job done.

Just a small nibble. good start to the week.

Regards, N

--- 帖子 #996 ---
USD CAD

Stop Order

SL below retracement candle

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Hi again Sang.Real.

I don't post much here. Posting doesn't make me any money.

But when I see someone who is struggling/newbie, I will sometimes make the effort to assist them.

You asked for assistance, and a few members have given their assistance.....and only a short time ago, I suggested that you avoid trading the EURJPY. I thought that my reasoning for doing that was evident in my post to you.

But now I see you have ignored that advice and have traded it anyway(after thanking me for the advice).

On top of that, you used a SELL LIMIT order.....which CLEARLY the method/strategy.....doesn't use?????

I'm obviously not sure what you are wanting here. The method/strategy is very simple. If you cannot understand what TREND is......I STRONGLY suggest that you IMMEDIATELY stop trading....AND take some time to learn what that is.

Otherwise, your foray into trading will be a dismal one.....without reward.....and only regret.

I wish you well Sir.

Kind regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #998 ---
USD JPY

Limit filled.

--- 帖子 #999 ---
GBP/USD guys, if no one took this beauty then i will be very disappointed

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
GBP/NZD

simple but not easy...do your homework on weekends, folks. Scan through the pairs and bigger timeframes and select the best pairs, with clear trend and then act

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Yes caught this one, most of GBP were successful.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Hey my friend, welcome here. I suggest you to read the thread again and again, until you understand the system completely. Many of your entrys doesn`t making sense and don`t follow the rules of Magic100. And if you are willing to learn, you have to listen to the experienced guys here.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
GU and GJ

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Hi Minotawr,

Not seen this question in the previous 50 pages.

Do you a normal stop loss or a guaranteed stop loss?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
EUR JPY

SL hit -15.5 pips.

Note : cancel Sell Stop.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Man i was sleeping...

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
DAX 30

Scalping GER30.

Nice short formation.

Big spread.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Minotawr in that chart you showed , byt the strategy we would had a losing trade before that , Right?

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Hey Minotawr - I see that trade was right off of the 61.8 Fib. Is that something you're generally keeping an eye out for?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
USD JPY

Going for 1: 4 RRR.

Tiny SL

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
DAX30.

Long wick, not a good sign to wait.

Closed with tiny profit.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
USD JPY

Closed position

1:7 RRR

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
USD CAD

Reduce SL. -17.76 pips

No momentum (yet)

Newbie is waiting ...

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
USD CAD

Arriving at 1:2 RRR.

Newbie wait for another push up. ( hope i'm lucky)

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Hi Sang.Real,

If you want to learn op strategy, better follow what op mentioned, especially on post 1.

If you want to promote your strategy, is better you open another thread, please don't mess up this thread.

No offense, just my suggestion.

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Me

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
USD CAD

Newbie adding position on pullback.

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Do you use guaranteed stops? Or normal stops?

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Hi, thanks so much for this strategy and your time. I've read all the topic. And you always trade in London session, I would like to know if this strategy works in USA session. Good luck

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
@Sang.Real

Hi Sang,

I hope you are well.

Here is a simple manual trading method that I've been using for a quite a while. It works well might be easier starting point for you to learn how to read the charts also placing SL/TP Buy stop and Sell stop orders.

I've attached power point showing you how the pullback method works...good luck m8

https://1drv.ms/p/s!AsFpX752LkHrszun...9gelI?e=TGizZU

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
@Heknoid

Thanks for your contribution.

That's very encouraging words and for your contribution to help Newbie like me.

I am on my way of picking up this method. And it’s a long way to go.

I'll have a look on the write up you provide on weekends or in between trades when opportunity arises.

I’m beginning to see the overall pictures as Newbie need time to digest information and gaining some experience in real trading.

Again, Thanks for the info, and keep up the good work . May the Green pips be with you !!!

Down Under

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Hey Sang, yes this is a good Magic100 setup  Target is the 1:3 RR. TakeProfit would be reached quickly on this one.

You getting it slowly, keep it up!

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Hi Slybei, thanks and welcome.

Well i haven`t tested it on the USA Session. For me the Frankfurt/London session has worked very good so far. I think backtesting is needed in this case.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Hey Wellington, i love fibs.  Since we´re looking for retracements in a trend, there will always will be entrys on important fib levels. But i don`t look for them specifically.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
one more nice trade on GBPUSD

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
i wouldn't have thought the gu would work again

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Minotawr if we trade on the 4hour timefrime then it doesn´t mather what session is,right?

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Thanks for your answer, by the way I realised you never mentioned the correlation about the pairs. It does not matter in your strategy? Regards.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
USD/JPY on strong WL tomorrow

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
I think every pairs should work again if it has clear trend and retracement.

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Hi Minotawr, you take as a watchlist by a clear trend in a bigger timeframe (H4) like below ??
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Hi Swingman

Thanks for the indicator

Is it possible to change to EMA instead of SMA?

I find it useful as i prefer to enter trades manually .

Thanks in advance

Del

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Sure it is possible and I will send you the indicator privately, because of the 200 downloaders you are the only one who uses the indicator, even if I don't know how ...

Now just as a question: has anyone ever noticed that the fast MA looks strange, and is not a "standard" MA when it comes to colors?

Please don't post here anymore, one can use any of my threads.

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
I just signed up to say Thank you Minotawr for your contribution.

here's my first trade so far

hope it matches your criteria

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Hi Minotawr,

what do you think about this candle?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now the entry over this candle (sl below), or is the candle tooo big and you wait for smaller candle??

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Exactly my friend, on the H1 TF we have seen also clear trend and nice retracements

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Hi Alaskar, welcome here!

Yes, very good for your first setup.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
I try to avoid big candles for an entry. The next candle is almost always an inside bar, so i try to find my entry on the very next one.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Guys don´t be mad at me if i can't answer every question. There is also many question on my PM section. I try, but don´t have enough time. Sorry

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Moin, my setup looks like this, when both show a real trend I'm looking for in the h1 after getting started

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Thanks Minotawr for answer

I have another one question:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Is the retracement too deep here? Or is stop buy here still ok?

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
I wouldn`t take this one. The price is about to start making LL`s and LH`s .

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
i've found this nice indi who can keep you on the right path, drawing the HH/HL and LL/LH for you... maybe somebody will find it usefull

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Hi Xmess7,

I notice v11 opens an sell order when the candle is above the MA100.

Should it only open buy order when above MA100?

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
HI Xmess7,

I also notice v11 seems not opening order according previous candle.

Why below opens the order at this level?

2nd example, the opening level seems has nothing to do with previous candle's high-low

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Hey my friend, please put all the questions about the EA via private message (PM) on @xmess7. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Minotawr, I think it is good for people who reads this thread to know if there is something wrong with EA.

So, I think warning about issues should stay here.

Additions, changes - Yes, take it to PM

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
why no own forum for the EA?

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Folks:

Yes please PM me for any EA questions... thank you

Jess

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 12 (FOLKS from now on please PM me with EA issue)

Download is ready at:
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

Recently I had made major updates to other EAs I am working at the moment.  In this version I have added those updated and have also made adjustments so that the correct candles are being processed as per rules of pg1.

Please test on demo and let me know if there are any other issues.

Jess

PS: Latest EA version and info can be always be found at https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100.  If anyone asks just direct them to this github site.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
No problem, thx anyway.

I have more questions, if you can answer whenever ...

What time do you trade in TF 4H, 1D? doesn't matter session UE or USA?

About correlation, i watch you dont care about it, as i can see in this day

Do you have some rule about correlation? cause you can lost 3 tardes at same time, same jpy currency....

Thx so much.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
the whole woch was great, only today unfortunately all trades in minus, as was it with you so

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
yo version 12 is having that dissappearing issue again thanks bro

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Im only losses in H4.

Entrys are very nice, but not work.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
GBPJPY wrong trend.

AUDNZD without trend.

NZDJPY comes from range trend and NZDCAD right trend but same correlation (NZD currency)

You have 3 pairs with the same currency (NZD) + same TF(4H) = same correlation so then hight chance to x3 lose or x3 win...

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
GBPJPY is wrong trend?

No, i think its a fresh uptrend! Minotawr has post, also such setups.

What do you mean Minotawr?

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Yes, but too fresh. I think you have to wait and have LH HH.

And TF 1D is below m100

Look this pic: https://abload.de/img/adgsay7joo.jpg

Where do you see up trend?

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Do you mind sharing the source file then I can have it fixed.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Here:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
m100 is flat and comes from down trend. But is just my opinion

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
EURAUD H1 short @1.61950 (Frankfrut open)

Stop loss @ 1.62190 (24pip)

Take profit @ 1.61230 (72pip)

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
DAX rulez again

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
the pair looks to being in a range for the last 24hrs., but who knows.........good luck

best are V-formation structures

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
So far, it seems that you are right.^^

thanks

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
I just had a look at the chart........you still have a chance for glory and who would be laughing then??

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
It's really a simple strategy you got there

but look at this image of EUR/AUD , based on your strategy i should place a sell stop at the yellow line

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

but as you can see , next candle triggered the sell stop , and then went Higher high over the first candle

wouldn't be better to always wait for the next candle , and then place a Sell limit somewhere in the middle of the first candle , as i can see the market ,most of the time, gives you the opportunity to get a better price before the drop ( or before going up in the up trends )

I've studied a lot of cases , it's really very risky to place a sell stop ( or buy stop )

we should always wait for the next candle and after that 90% of the time we can get a better entry price , or at least same entry price

i'd love to hear your thoughts on this

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
An interesting suggestion and it would be possible to take the middle of the body as an entry.

Sometimes there is a strong reversal that follows, and if you find a solution to this local loss, you can trade successfully!

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Good spot.

Good suggestion!.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Doom:

Awesome nickname.  Matter of fact... Doom was the game that got my REALLY started into programming.     lol.

Please send me a PM and lets discuss this.  Its a good idea to use a pending order, in fact I have another approach that does this EXACT thing.

But I would like to discuss and  I would like to see your studies.   We need to see the numbers and calculate the rate of success when a pending order which is placed  sooner than what is currently used.  Remember the approach involves not just one candle but a successive set of candles.  So just cause a couple of setups would  benefit from the pending order being in a different spot, does not mean that the other attempts will yield better results or that the over success rate changes to what we are seeing now.

In my view, I would look to select a time when the market makers have stopped messing with the market and a direction has been established.  Then only trade 1 pair each day around those hours.  You don't need to be exact, just ball bark.  That will yield a tremendous success rate...

Jess

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
SwingMan:

Hey .  There is a solution, but lets see if they can figure it out.   its real easy   LOL.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Thanks for the replay , and yes i named my account because i loved that game years ago

Anyway , first

this is the result of the EUR/AUD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I didn't trade it cause it's not fitting my rules , witch is :

If the next candle went lower low than the first , but it also went higher high , just don't trade , leave it

in other cases you may see the next candle was bearish but went higher high and never reached the lowest low of the first one

like in this pic :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

in that case you just wait till the candle that goes lower low and never goes higher high of the first candle , then and only then , you can say the pair is going down

actually i feel like creating a thread of my strategy , simplest ever with one indicator only and the entry is based on price action ( same method we are talking about it here but with some strict , simple rules )

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
That's the way it is.

But I'm curious if someone has the time to find out a simple solution ...

The thing with the times could be interesting. I did something like this for statistical evaluation for every 24 hours, with saving it in a .csv file, and it works.

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
I dont have luck with this Setup:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Hi.

USDCNH I have not this pair into my broker.

CADCHF no trend.

EURNZD SL too hight, if you put SL close the candle you achieved r3.

USDCAD

USDMXN wrong trend.

CHFJPY which candle does trigger you trade?

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Thanks, Slybei

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
Hi Callidor,

it looks like you piking wrong entrys. Please read the thread again. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Hey Guys,

I've been getting a lot of suggestions and advice lately, here and on PM. "Why you don´t use this indi or another? Why not doing this instead of that?"

Don´t get me wrong, i am thankfull for your inputs and ideas. Hopefully these ideas can help you and everyone else to become a better trader.

But what will not happen is, that I will change my style of trading. And not even a little thing.

Magic100 is stable and profitable for me for many years. Believe me, the last thing i will do is to change my "running system".

I hope you will understand that.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Respect

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
This seems interesting.

Thanks for the thread. I feel like a lot of threads overcomplicate things and start drawing imaginary lines everywhere.

At the end of the day, we are trading forex, which is essentially trading currencies. Nothing more than that. Something like this, going with the trend with a good R:R and trading on Pullbacks makes sense.

It seems to have potential.  I just have one question though: Which pairs are usually traded with this method?

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
???

The only wrong entry was in USDMXN (over the 100line). The downtrend was very fast and i have think, the Price turns over the line down.

All the other entrys were good!?!?

Where has cadchf no trend? Look Monday... more downhill is almost impossible! The Price on the way to the lows 0.6915.

Afterwards it is Always easy to say.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Where do you see trend? I only see a range after down trend.

https://abload.de/img/1236djb0.jpg

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Hi Minotawr,

This is entry You took some time ago. I have a question, is this valid entry what I marked in yelow circle?

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Hey Callidor, no need to be upset.

EUR/NZD was a very good one. I for my self was in this one too. How come you didn't get it to the 3R TP?

CAD/CHF wasn´t a clear move. however your sell entry should be on the short yellow line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

take care

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Hi, not valid, look time 00:00h, he said frankfurt and london session.

https://market24hclock.com/

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Hi

Just bringing you up to date with my trades all attached

1 Jul - those two trades with the big lots were rogue entered with a robot that i am also trying, wasn't supposed to be happening so i'm not including them in my results, still too many trades, but I get better as you can see from the subsequent days.

I also have decided to trade with a bigger lot size in accordance with the real account which I will trade when I have proved I can trade this system properly.

I am also inclining more towards using the 4H time frame because I can't be watching my screen every hour on the hour.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
People cannot help themselves sometimes, this system is so easy if you implement it with sensible price action, you have to trust that when the move is made and you see the trend, higher highs higher lows or vice versa, you should pull the trigger set your entry and target stop and see where you think price will go to for a profit. This system gives you an edge, it is not without losses, that's the cost of doing business.

Thank you Minotawr

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 12  (FOLKS from please PM me with EA issue)

Download is ready at:
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

Added new input: setTradeDirection.    You can direct the EA to trade in one direction.

Determine on a higher TF the general trend direction and set the input setTradeDirection for "long" or "short".

default is  "either"

Jess

PS: Latest EA version and info can be found at https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
could you please provide the link of ea on myfxbook if any

thx

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Doing some backtesting. What is wrong with these 3 entries?  Would you've not taken them? why?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Hey my friend, thanks for the questions. The first one is outside my trading window. The second is almost on the high, i would look for a deeper retrace.The third i would take

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
GBP/USD and GBP/JPY with very nice setups today

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
EUR/NZD had very nice moves in the last days. This one was a loss, i missed a better entry on the second arrow. Definitely on my WL for tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
thank you, I will keep practicing

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
would be nice if you started a trade explore

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
My SL was to high away from candle high:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

(The buy is another setup!!!)

Thats why 3r to big!

I dont know when i have to give air between candle and stop!

Minotawr, you set the stop sometimes directly on candle high/low and on another pictures you gives air!

Can you please explain?

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
And....

here was air between candle and stop necessary:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Is this a valid trend, a valid Setup?

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Backtested a random month (2018 Jan). Here my results.

Stayed within London session only. Located impulses with the trend and waited for pullback to origin of impulse, picked only smaller candles that could potentially allow for a 3R profit. Considering moving to BE at 1.5R (will test).

Will slowly backtest 2018 onwards, month by month.

Looking forward to your comments on each trade. thanks!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
2 trades taken, the first at 2-1 out the 2 on be
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Boa its so typical:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This all euro trades.

The shorts go high and the buy goes short

Trading is hard!

(Trade in EURNZD little to late, because of that 3R bigger)

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
First attempt and loss   shit happens

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Folks kindly help me with this indicator[attach]photo_2020-04-09_09-23-43.jpg where can I download it or anyone with it please send it to me

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
this is how I see it (not saying I'm right)... cleaner areas tend to be higher probability. also check time of day.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Nice Ingo! Well done!

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Hey my friend, the first attempt is looking good, nothing wrong with this one. We cannot always win

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Hey Calli, great trades overall! Just add a little patience in it...Keep it up!

By the way: I am wondering about your fibo levels. Your TP level is looking like 1:4. Are you sure you using the right settings for 1:3 RR?

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
EUR/NZD guys, you worry too much about the losses. If the setup is right and the trend is strong, i am always confident that the next trade is going to be a winner. Get your trading mentality on point.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Hi Tradista. Can you tell us what software you used for backtesting? I would like to use something similar that can simulate a starting balance and give the KPIs of the trade. The one you have seems to be very good.

Cheers.

Brent.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Hi, When you said 1 trade per day for every pair:

If you win the trade do not enter until tomorrow if a another one pattern appear?

If you lose the trade, you can enter again if pattern appears again?

Just one trade do not matter result?

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
It is not mentality, it is the result.

You can wish and be as confident as you want in your mental state, but the bottom line is: Win Money or Lose Money.

It is not as easy as: find a Trend and be confident that it will workout on pullback.

In fact it is a losing propositions for many mostly because R:R is not that great if you have no experience with proper MM and psychology to stay in the trade.

Minotawr, you are trying to encourage, but bottom line is what speaks the loudest.

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Hmmm yes is 3:1 R:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All my Trades today!

Loss anyway, even if i close EURNZD and EURGBP.

But all trades actually good!? (open sell chfjpy another Setup!)

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
It's an add-on that runs on MT4, really great piece of software for serious backtesting. there's a thread here about it:
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=575906

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
nevertheless, one can observe the indi of swingMan

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
that`s why we have demo accounts to learn this system, grow more confident and once we do well with our trades, only then can we start to trade for real with a small lot size.........patience is not exactly there in most of us.....nobody gets to be a surgeon overnight........practice, practice, practice.....

even with all Minotawr`s experience, he still loses 6 out of 10 trades.......

this thread just started over 2 months ago, so how can you expect for people to be proficient already......study, study, study.......hard work....

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
2 trades on had, the first is closed in plus, the 2 I now drag the sl into plus, ej

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Excellent.

Thanks a lot Tradista

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
the first trade already in plus out

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Hi! Hello SwingMan, can you send this indicator to me for use? Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
No, I can't. Quote from above: "Please don't post here anymore, one can use any of my threads" or my last thread where you already have the indicator.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Swingman,

The fast line is close to laguerre filterline 0.55. without colors. Colors are most beneficial.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
What do you guys think about this trade?

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Far away from M100 + Not Frankfurt London session.

Without a doubt it is not a tarde.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Where Minotawr says its need to be close to 100ema and in frankfurt or London session????

Please send me that post where he says that

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
First page about session.

About distance to m100 read and see pics in the threat.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
No it doesnt. I challenge you to show me that post!

Pics? No. He doesnt say anything about that in yhe thread man...

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
He says that he trades the frankfurt and london session.

Doesnt say: you need to trade in that sessions!

As long as you have a nice and strong trend i think it doesnt matter what sessions we are in!

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Why do you ask someone else's thoughts?  Just do whatever you want.

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post13033520

He only did backtest in london session.

Check picture about he was answering

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...5#post13049185

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Are you taking a long or short position? the chart is not quite clear

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Long

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Hey guys, i hope everyone is doing well!

So, are you making crazy money from the EUR pairs right now? They going absolute crazy, you have to profit right now like a berserk

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Hey Jan, you choose the right pair. Well done! But the location is not the best. You have something like an outbreak trade, right there, almost at the top. I would wait for a deeper retrace, like today morning.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Only one example, EUR/USD ...i could fall in love with such beautiful moves

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
EUR/CAD is a rocket this days  I decided to let run the profits, because of the massive trend. All entrys were taken on H1 tf

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Thanks, Minotawr for replying as well, but his order is placed incorrectly.

Ja, you did not wait for the retrace and your 2nd candle of the retrace is already well developed (Mino's reference as well). If you had a timer on your candle one can see how far it is from closing.

Your order should have been at the high of the first RED candle and as the price drops, follow the Red candle's Hi with your order until the short gets triggered - that is if you even have considered trading against the trend. Depends on your experience.

Don't get involved in arguments, it spoils your good energy, just my 5c's worth of advice.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
wait for 1-2 or 1-3

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Hello Minotawr, thanks for your sharing.. I want to ask to you, are you use 1:3 RR? And what pair are you using? Thanks..

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Hi, if you managed to read whole thread, you would realized these questions have been answered several times here. He is picking up trending pairs (Minotawr even elaborated on that) and he is using 1:3 RR.

While reading this thread I encourage you to pay special attention to his posts as he has mastered his method.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I think thats it is (reason), why you are in plus! I dont know when i can leave the trade open. The many losses eat the (2:1 and 3:1) Profits.

Here my trades this days, i would have/have Euro Paars on WL:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. EURUSD lose, reentry i didnt dare, i think the candle to big!

2. EURCHF not enough place to go up (small retracement)

3. EURUSD today morning, not enough place to go up

4. EURCAD 2:1 win tp on high

EURGBP is lose

EURCAD yesterday 14.07. your Trade must be without retracement?

Can you please make a screenshot from EURCAD not in daylie rather in out zoom H1 Chart (all Long trades to see)?

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Sang, sorry buddy but every trade pic / idea you’ve posted there have been massive no no’s! You’re essentially looking at just buying mid range, in a ranging market, with a level just above u that has seen rejection after rejection after rejection. Yeah you may get lucky and “if” price triggers you in may break those highs, but likelihood is not for long even if it does before a retest of that zone. Stop trading with live money, unless you’re absolutely minted and like losing money. If u want to trade this system, read the whole thread properly and also do some research on market structure. Good luck

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
A UPDATE: Version 13 (FOLKS from please PM me with EA issue)

No change the version #.

You can download update at this link:
xm7_Magic100_EA_v13.ex4

(reminder: Use the "download" button seen on the right side of the page, don't use the link next to the name of the EA)

"Market is closed" message appears when market is still opened. This is happens when a new day appears, many brokers will pause operations. If the EA is trying to open an order and you see this message, that means the EA detected that the broker's platform is off. Its a momentary thing and the EA will continue operating.

Updated the code so that this message does not appear.

Added a 10 second pause at the beginning of day, this should help with any trade operations..

This is not going to affect EA operation, but it is a nuisance.

Jess

PS: Latest EA version and info can be found at https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

Attached File
https://cdn-assets.faireconomy.media...attach/txt.gif POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt  < 1 KB | 32 downloads

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
bang on mate, the geezer’s posting every trade he takes which to me look like a game of pin the tail on the donkey anyway  messing up the thread.. last time I looked the thread wasn’t entitled “post every trade u take, ask for advice, don’t listen to said advice, just post more mad trades”

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Hi Guys,

I hope everyone is well.

Can anyone share profitable settings that they have used for Magic v13?

Thanks Happy trading

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
....because your entries are shocking mate. No offence, but as was said at the beginning, and reiterated by many - myself included - throughout the thread; it’s simple, but not so simple that u can make this system work without at least a half decent level of understanding of price action and market structure. Can’t remember all the entries you posted, but I think only one of them I personally would have taken.

It’s more of an “entry” strategy. But for those that use it successfully, they are doing more (and by that I mean LOOKING for more) than just putting an order below an opposing red / green candle lol. A lot of your entries just don’t make sense to me. But funnily enough a couple of them wouldn’t have been bad, had u taken them 3/4/5 candles before.

Try to look for clean retracements; almost like steady, consistent steps... for me, I’ll follow those with an order, but if new candles start forming very messily, with lots of wicks both ways, indecision etc, then I’m not interested. I’ll remove my stop order.

I actually trade this “strategy” mostly on the M15 chart, where you need to be even more picky with your entries as there’s much more noise. I go for 1.5R. IF I’m watching and price is rocketing up to it I will of course (if there’s clear range in front of me) see how much more I can get out of it, or close 75% and let the rest run, whatever, depends on my mood. But to give you an idea, my last 3 full months, average 60 trades per month, 62% win ratio, 33% profit March, 26% April, 31% May. Max drawdown during that time 6%.

The system works.. You’re entering the market with momentum with probability on your side. But it’s knowing when it’s there and when it’s not that takes time to learn and recognise. Also, analyse your past trades. If you’re seeing you could’ve taken 1.5/2R out of them on a high percentage of times, then try reducing your R target. 1.5/2 R if you’re right over 50% of the time equals a lot of bloody money, let me tell you!

I also only trade high volume times - Ldn and NY. Price does weird things outside those times and I like to be in and out, only at my screens for a couple hours per day. GL

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Go on ingo! Popped back in to see how the thread was going and seems like you’re doing well buddy and improving!

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
The theory is not too bad, but hugely over extended market imo. Thing’s gagging for a decent retracement.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
One last post for tonight, for those struggling.... it may be an idea to go to a slightly higher time frame. The higher the time frame, the easier it is and the sloppier you can be. Perhaps try a 2 hour chart. As you get better, drop back down. The better u get at deciphering what is a high probability setup / candle to enter on etc, the easier you’ll find it dropping down time frames. This strategy works on all timeframes within reason, but the higher, the easier!

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Clean retracements? Interesting...

Can you post some charts showing those retracements please sir?

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Okay, no probs. I am going to try to explain the best I can what I mean and a couple of things to be aware of. I’m going to speak here as if my bias is long and I’m looking for buys, okay?!  What I mean by a clean retracement is essentially this: I like to see quite large, full-bodied candles, especially at the beginning of the retracement, and then ideally, a smaller candle showing bullish pressure which tells me the retracement may be coming to an end; you know the drill - a hammer, inside bar, etc etc. I’m quite wary of doji’s in these cases btw. Doesn’t mean to say I won’t place a buy stop, but I’ll probably place it fairly close to the high of the previous bigger candle if that makes sense, rather than just above the doji. Similarly, if I see an inside bar, I will move my buy stop to probably somewhere inbetween the high of that inside bar and the high of the previous candle.

Also, be very aware of the time.. both in terms of where you’re at in the session, and in relation to the candles. Be very wary of taking / being in trades close to the close or at the beginning of a new candle..especially “new” trades. Not an issue so much if you’re 3/4R onside and miles from your entry.. but the close/open of 4 hour candles u need to be cautious of in particular. Candles generally like to create wicks. Look back.. especially at the 4H: you don’t see many candles without one. So say you’re short, even in a strong trend and in a winning position, but in a fairly new trade, close to your entry / SL etc... bear in mind at the end/start of the hourly, and especially the 4 hourly, you’ll get some movement which may not be favourable to your position. For example, it will often do this.... You’ll be onside, but then it will whip up creating a bottom wick on the close of that current candle, then close, then at the open of the next candle, it may continue in your direction for a little while, but then rocket up, creating that top wick (and it’s HERE that your stop is at risk!!), BEFORE continuing in your intended direction, leaving you feeling pretty pissed! Also... you can often expect a pullback in pre London and NY or at the start of either session, before a continuation with the trend.

I’ve attached some chart shots here from some trades I’ve taken over the past couple of days. Now I take them on the 15 min chart, but some of these charts are 30 min charts... because although I like to watch and take my entries on M15 (it gives me a more ‘current’ and accurate idea as to what price is doing), I absolutely take into consideration the 30 min and hourly candles and how they’re forming and where their highs and lows are at etc when it comes to placing entry orders and stops. I do this by eye - for eg I look at the open of the 15 min candle on the hour, and build the picture of what a 30 min candle or 60 min candle would be looking like, if you know what I mean. To make it easier to begin with u can just change TF obviously but with experience u won’t even need to do that. You just see it.

The “clean” retracements and best setups invariably form during high volume sessions. Not saying I never take trades outside of these times, but if I do, they’re using a different strategy normally and entry / exit types.

As mentioned in a previous post, when trading this strategy on the M15, I go for 1.5R. You can even see, especially on my EJ trades, how often, that’s all that’s on offer! Not saying going for 3R is wrong - it’s not, but that’s easier to accomplish on the hourly setups. On M15, I find 1.5 works best, and I’d say 1 in 6/7 trades, if I see price flying and can see much greater potential, ESPECIALLY, if I’m already a couple or a few percent up for the day, then yeah, I’ll just let it run, and then get some higher R trades under the belt that way. But the thing is, 1:3 on the 15 is all well and good, but it can be demoralising seeing 1.5/2R profits evaporate into a loss. They add up trust me. Not just the losses, but the money you DIDN’T make. I revealed my winning percentage etc above over the last 3 months on this strategy, but I can say that for July so far, that percentage is actually at 77% at the moment. And psychologically, winning feels good. Especially if you’re new to trading... if you start out with a strategy and hit a few losers straight off the bat, no matter how well u see someone else doing with that strategy, your mind won’t trust it and you’ll lose faith. With a lower RR, you’ll be right much more often. And then, you can analyse past trades and work out how you can maximise more from your trades. As I also mentioned previously, one thing I like to do a lot is to take 75/80% out at 1.5R as a banker, and then let the remainder run, potentially adding to that position and/or taking new, totally independent trades as the trend continues... as you can see on the middle EJ trade from Tuesday, I think it was, that I have circled and also the two GU trades I took today. Unfortunately as you can see, the two “runners” of 15% on GU today got stopped at BE. But that’s just the way it goes. And that’s why it’s important IMO to book decent, majority profits at 1.5-2R like on these two.

I especially like to do this at the beginning of the week... on a Mon/Tues, if based on the weekly/daily/4H I see a potential for a huge move, I’ll bear that in mind and try to leave a good amount running for the week. Late on, Thurs / Fridays, I just take my profits on new trades when they hit my targets.

Can’t express the importance of having a good understanding of how the markets move and how the structure forms enough to make you a better trader though. Don’t go for 3R if 2R is at a major support/resistance level. Just take your profits and be happy. Knowing and recognising areas which could give you trouble is essential! Also take into account full and 50 levels. Ie 1.1400 and 1.1450 on EUR/USD for example. Just look even over these last two days at how price has reacted to those levels. Full and half numbers I see as support and resistance, always. Huge institutional levels. Look back at your charts on any pair and you’ll see exactly what I mean.

Backtest a lot. And note stop sizes and entry dates and times. Then, when you have backtested a good few months worth, go back and find out where most of your winners and losers are coming from in terms of time. I separate and log all winners and losers in 5 sections: pre London, London, pre NY, NY and then after NY up until 8pm GMT. (I live between London and Ibiza in Spain).

What you will then see is this: if for example you have a 40% win ratio in London, but a 65% win ratio in NY, it’s very simple: don’t trade London! And vice versa. See what I mean? Also!... I then look at my trades in terms of SL... 0-10 pips, 10-15, 15-20, 20-25 etc etc and see what your win ratio is based on that.... if you look back and 80% of trades you’re taking with a stop smaller than 10 pips for example lose, then guess what? Don’t fucking trade either 1) those small candles for your entries, or 2) set yourself a minimum stop loss distance. Also, with every backtested trade I take, I look at how moving my stop to break even at 1R, 1.5R etc would affect the results. Would doing that save you money by preventing losses overall? Or would it PREVENT you winning more often than not. These are all things you need to go back and look at!

Trading is simple, but it requires a lot of hard work.... and the hard work comes in back testing and looking through YOUR results and working out what works for you. It’s such a personal thing, you have to do it yourself. Because it’s that that’ll give u confidence in YOUR system. There aren’t any shortcuts. And if you’re looking for shortcuts, go get a normal job. It takes years to study and get qualified for a decent £70/80K per year job where growth is slow once you’re there. If you think you can rock up to trading, where you have the potential to earn insane amounts of money and think you can ponce off others’ hard work and not put the work in yet start seeing results, then to me, that’s an insult to the ones who are seeing results, as a result of countless hours of hard work and determination.

Hope this clears up what I meant somewhat and may help a few of you out who are struggling. Wait patiently for the best setups with the highest probability

NB.. the last chart is GBP/USD from today, M15

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Oh my god!

Very thanks to you!

You are an angel

God bless you

Thank you foe your time!

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Good example of such a setup occurring right now on GU. I wouldn’t take it on the hourly simply because there’s no range... where price bounced today (which is where and why I took the majority of my profits) was at the 400EMA on the hourly (which of course in turn is the 100EMA on the 4H!)... to note, FYI, the reason I have the 400EMA on the 15 min chart is because that represents the 50EMA level on the hourly time frame... a very significant EMA when trading intraday.

But, if I wasn’t done for the day, I would 100% have a sell stop on the M15 at1.25550 with stop above the 400EMA (50 on the hourly), and TP just above the day’s lows. NOT a signal! Just saying as it’s exactly the sort of setup I would trade  If you take it and u lose, don’t blame me! And if it wins, let me know I’ll send my account details  May never even get triggered in.  But that’s the good thing with this entry strategy.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
You’re welcome. Good luck with your trading

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
@Minotawr can you show me your background properties on Metatrader 4 Charts please?

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
@intraflay Eur/Chf 1 Hour chart... any opportunity?

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Love seeing this method flourish. I come back every now and again to see whats going on. It seems like many are picking up the system well and its great.

Well done Minotawr!

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Hi brother, 400 EMA in M15 should be equal to 100 EMA in H1.

Coz 4 x M15 = H1, so 400 EMA / 4M15 = 100 EMA in H1.

Correct me if I am wrong.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
you mean his chart color setting ??

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Yes

the candles and so...

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...1#post12976241

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Haha, of course you're not wrong, was an error on my part.. tapping away for an hour and was just a mistake. Of course it's the 100, which is what I meant to put

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Thank you Sir!

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Hey guys!

I´m having difficulty in finding out what retracements candles the get in!

It seems that when i enter a trade the next candle just go shorter! (in a long position)

Some help please?

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
You might find it useful to check with an oscillator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Does it works?

What are the setting on that one?

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
bump

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Look at the chart, it says "CCI(14)".

Success comes from doing the work. There's as many possibilities as there are individuals trading, so maybe you can backtest the idea and answer your own question ? and let us know here (if Minotaur doesn't mind), maybe you could even help others....

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Ok thank you!

I will try it

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
therefore I always want to stick with the trades, without sl the super in plus

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
What do you guys think?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Minotawr what do you think is the best sessions to trade this system?

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Get out too early, had no time

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post12872701

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Sorry gu I ran this morning in sl, was scarce. I now make the sl a little further away

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
I know that with 3:1 ratio the winning rate is 41%

But what about with 2:1? What would be the average winning rate of this strategy?

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
the chef is probably on vacation, i reach 20% a year

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
GU  too

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
how long you are using this system and what is result

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
is there a trade in the NY market

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Beautiful "by the book" entry... missed it!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Hello. Interesting system. I was making some great pips for the last couple of years with a system based on VP from NNFX. I'm sure some of you've heard about him. Mostly people don't like him and called his system crap. Well, i don't want to advertise him, but my accout was growing as s!"t . But market changed and I lost almost 20% from March to May so I stopped trading, since my system wasn't working anymore. Even close. So I returned to FF to check what's new  And I've found this thread, which is Great (thank you Minotawr!). It's just what I need, since the system could work on daily chart. I have full time job, managing a small company (it sucks now with pandemic) and have one kid and one on the way. I also like doing sports and beer  So my time is very limited, but I also like to trade That is why I trade on daily timeframe, with simple rules to follow.

I've made some backtesting and results are quite promising. I need to adjust my MM properly and I'm going live. I still have one question on my mind.

Let say PA is above 100ema on daily. Monthly trend is up, so is weekly. I'm trading on daily chart. Pullback occurs (1) so I'm putting buy stop just above candle 1. Next day second red candle(2). I move my buy stop just above (2) candle. The day after bullish candle (3) rises but not so large to trigger my buy stop. My question is: should I move buy stop to above candle 3 or just leave it above candle 2?

For fun I've made some nice pricture in Paint and pasted it below

I wish you all nice pip hunting, Cheers
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
I would only move my buy stop above candle 3 (inside bar) if candle 2 is very large. So this way you can tighten up your stop.

If candle 2 is relatively small, just leave the buy stop above it.

There is no right or wrong answer, it all comes down to personal preference and experience in the market.

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
We all tend to complicate it, mate... Minotaur put it very simple.

So, you place a new stop order when the previous one wasn't triggered, but only if there's an new bar of the same type i.e. a close in the opposite direction of the trade (for buy's you wait for a bearish bar and vice-versa), it's either triggered or replaced by the next PO. Nothing more to it.

So, for me, the answer is: you leave it above candle 2 until you get a new red candle and that one wasn't triggered.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
what pairs are you considering for the daily chart?

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Thank you for your answers. My preference is to leave at the same bar (as Romiros said), but I wanted to ask you people what you think

All majors, exluding the ones which have news event.

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Hi tradista,

Attached Image

why is my stop so tight? and what do you recommend?

cheers

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
That is probably due to slippage. You can losen it up by adding the spread difference or some predefined wiggle room of a few pips.

I recommend that everyone should backtest extensively to find the small details that suits them better, like in this case, should I add or not the spread to my SL? Only you can answer if it suits your style by backtesting it.

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
i really loved this thread, i dont wish this thread to die oooo.... i need watchlist

eye on usdjpy, usdchf, eurchf, eurjpy, usdcad, audusd, Nzdusd etc all on 1TF

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Try to test the ea, xm7_Magic100_EA_v13.ex4

it show another ea running, close the chart. actuelly no ea running in terminal, is it looking into my disk?

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
this is a wonderful strategy, if well followed..

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
hi netbean. No its not,  the EA looks at your Global Variables.  Hit F3, and if you see something like ""xm7_magic_id_XXXXXXXXXMagicNumber" several times lists, delete the entries and try again.   Every time the EA is loaded it will record its chartID and Magic number in the globals.  So if the EA sees two or more entries in the global variables it will determine that there is more copies of the EA running on other charts.  It then informs you and closed all of the other charts that have have the magic EA running.  then you resume normal operation .

the reason I did this was so that no confusion would happen with the multiple symbol list that is shown on the chart, with that list you don't need to run the EA on different charts, just click on the button symbol and you will get the chart for that symbol.  Whatever pairs you entered in the inputs those are the pairs the EA will monitor.

Folks I trust all of you are in good health and getting your pips .

PEACE

Jess

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
EU +3R
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
[quote = tradista; 13098562] EU + 3R {image} [/ quote]

Im EU 40pips

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
I am trading this method on my live account for 8 days now, it is awesome. Most of the trades are on H1, if liquidity is low I switch to M15. I try to stick to a risk/reward ratio of 1:2/1:3 on H1 and 1:2 on M15 and I might exit the trade or close part of the position if price hits a major support/resistance line or daily/previous days High/Low. If price trends strongly I trail my SL on M5 / M1 behind the last swings.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
great results, you can build on it. do you take tools for getting in?

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Thank you. No, all entries and exits are done manually.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
GU -1R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
You sell?

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
No, he didn't. It's a buy ending in a loss (-1R). I would have not entered there because of the many candles with wicks before, signalling the uptrend comes to an end.

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
[quote = Olarion1975; 13102361] {quote} Tidak, dia tidak melakukannya. Ini adalah pembelian yang berakhir dengan kerugian (-1R). Saya tidak akan masuk ke sana karena banyak lilin dengan sumbu sebelumnya, menandakan uptrend berakhir. [/ Quote]

how do we know it's a strong trend?

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
You're right, should have waited for a clear impulse to occur first.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Thanks your reply.

Sorry, I don't like this ea. Some permissions needed and mysterious. If it need to use DLL, Global Variable, or others, just write a help text file. It's simple than video.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
It looks very fine,

how do you manage your SL if price trends NOT (normal) strongly?

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
If price moves "normal", I do not touch my SL until r/r of 1:1 where I set SL to BE. If the price goes in your favor I usually trail my SL behind the last swings on M5 / M15.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
which trend to follow?  h1, h4, or d1?

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
The trend on the timeframe you entered the trade. For me H1 or M15.

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Hi @xmess7. Is it possible to run  xm7_Magic100_EA_v13.ex4 in strategy tester??

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
[quote = Olarion1975; 13107688] {quote} Tren pada rentang waktu Anda memasuki perdagangan. Bagi saya H1 atau M15. [/ Quote]

what we need to look for resistant support because today I tried to fail at EuGb

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Hey Guys,  i am very sorry to inform you about sad news. i was chatting with Minotawr about the Magic100 strategy,  since i am from Germany too...

He doesnt replie for a Severin days,  so i asked what is wrong... He explaine to me that he caught Covid after travelling.

I am very sad,  i dont have asking him about to posting it here but i think is okay.  What you think,  ifat its not ok i will delete this news8 ....

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
I had a few acquaintances who caught it and they recovered well. So, I'm sure he will recover soon and will be back to the forum helping everyone in trading this method.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
I hope so, he is a good teacher, helping People here in the Forum and in his PM as well. Always was answering friendly my questions. I willtry tostay connected withhim.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Let's hope Minotawr will get well again quickly. Just a little motivation for you guys:

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Hi,

Germany ? I'm frenchy ... nobody is perfect

Do you play manualy and only Open / Close London, and H1 ?

Thanks

jf

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Everything manually. I usually trade from Frankfurt Open to London Close on H1, when price is not moving much I switch to M15.

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Thanks and cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
As I'm trading only early london session, am testing going down to M15 to find a tighter entry after verifying trend potential for the session on two or three pairs to diversify the risk.

GJ -1R

EJ +3.5R

CJ +3.5R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
5.7% profit today...more than enough. I am done

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Here is some trade I took on GBPCAD H1, perfect setup. Partial close at previous day's low, TP at round number.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
I slowly but steadily climb up the August Leaderboard for Live accounts. It should be noted that most of the accounts above me have a negative all time performance.

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Here is another perfect trade example I took on NZDCAD H1 a few day ago. The retracement slowed down (Doji), so I took the entry right below the round number. A bit early according to the rules, but you would have made a good profit either way.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Here's another trade I just took on AUDCAD M15. I took profit at 1.5R. SL = 8 pips, TP = 12 pips.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Why you didnt take trade on the bearish engulf ( the pointed with yellow arrow)?

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
2 reasons:

1. I was not at the PC ;-)

2. Personally, I would have not taken the break of that green candle because it shows no slowing down of the retracement (no doji).

If you had made the trade, it would likely be a winner too (depending on your SL).

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Thanks Olarion1975 ...so doji is a must for your entry?

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Hi Olarion1975,

Do you only trade the following pairs?

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
No, it depends. Can also be a hammer / pinbar. Retracement has to show that is slowing down. But if price hits the 100ema or some heavy support/resistance zone or round number it does not require a special candle formation.

It is hard to explain, I look at price and see at a glance if price is showing signs of reversal. That must be 10 years of trading experience. ;-)

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Yes.

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
thank you olarion1975, for more tips I would be happy

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
For me, I would put a new but stop, but probably in between the high of the previous bearish candle and the high of the recently formed bullish candle. That’s just me.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
This comment is on the money. It’s all about backtesting. You can ask and ask away, but only by backtesting lotssss of different variables and coming up with your own style that YOU are comfortable with and that YOU have seen work on past data, will you feel confident. And trading is 10000000% all about confidence. And how can you gain that without putting the work in and seeing / creating it for yourself? Short answer: you can’t.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
That’s the way man!

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Also, look left. Recently, and to the far left... Lots and lots of rejections in and around that area. Taking a trade into it is always gonna be a risk. Personally I’d have waited for a strong break above those highs at the far left of the image, then a retest, and then looked to enter. Patience patience patience

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
This boy knows what he’s doing. Killing it mate, good on ya! Price action is key people. Work hard and then experience will tell you what is right and wrong to do in terms of entries.

When I first started riding motorcycles in my late teens, my grandad (who was a madly keen and experienced rider), told me something that always stuck with me, and that I have even taken into my trading:

”When you start riding, you start with two bags. One is an empty bag of experience, and one is a bag full of luck. And the key with this is to fill your bag full of experience, before your bag full of luck runs out”

Different of course.. But if you see your account as basically not dying, and your chart time and hard work as building experience, then you will hopefully see what I mean

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Love it!!

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Hi Olarion1975,

thy for reply and the other excellent tips.

@Minotawr get well soon

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Does anyone operate this system on higher TF like Daily? Unfortunately I am sleeping during the European season

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
[quote = intraflay; 13111048] {quote} Juga, lihat kiri. Baru-baru ini, dan paling kiri ... Banyak dan banyak penolakan di dalam dan sekitar area itu. Mengambil perdagangan ke dalamnya selalu berisiko. Secara pribadi saya telah menunggu jeda yang kuat di atas ketinggian di ujung kiri gambar, lalu tes ulang, dan kemudian melihat untuk masuk. Sabar, sabar, sabar [/ kutipan]

means we need to find support and resistance too?

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
This is very interesting approach Olarion1975  Going to smaller timeframes to get even better entrys. Same rules as on H1 timeframe i guess?

Thank you for your great postings

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Yes, same entry rules. But you have to be extremely picky with your setups, only take the best ones.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Hello I'm new here any recommended set files ??? for live use???

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
EJ +4R -- (lower tf entry)

UC -1R -- (lower tf entry - chased the trade after missing prior frankfurt entry)

+3.0% for the day.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
i have this one on my WL...the area is looking good and the 100EMA with a good angle. I will wait for a nice small green candle for my stop entry

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Looks good . But be careful, price is making HL and HH, so it easily could go higher and break through the 100EMA.

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
hi.Can you post your method for comparison and better information?tnx

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
How about the setup in GBPCHF?

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Looks also good...but wait and see how the H1 closes. If the candle is big, wait for a smaller one or an inside bar and take the break of that one.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
----

Hi Vivi,

Thé most important reason for NOT taking that trade is that the engulfing was wayyy too strong and engulfed a couple of candles. Cyborg says that it should not go more than 1½-candles. ( I have seen candles like this one giving good pips, but your overall direction was still strong UP as Olarion mentioned.

Hercs.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Because it's so simple we all can adapt this approach and add to it many different ideas, it's fine, but in regards to respecting this thread I don't think Minotaur has mentioned anything other than just to take a stop order on an opposing H1 candle during a strong trend and aim for 2 to 3R. Personally, I'd like to find out if such simple concept works by itself, as stated by the TO, so why the discussion about other things?

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Almost among the Top 10

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Tough trading today, but I managed to make up for my losses.

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
18 trades mate? Wow! What’s your daily average would you say? Just curious that’s all. And over how many pairs were they taken today?

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
I only traded 3 pairs today: NZDUSD, NZDJPY and GBPCHF. But with multiple positions and partial closes, so that could be the reasons for that many trades.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
[quote = Olarion1975; 13112456] {quote} Saya hanya memperdagangkan 3 pasangan hari ini: NZDUSD, NZDJPY dan GBPCHF. Tetapi dengan banyak posisi dan penutupan parsial, sehingga bisa menjadi alasan untuk banyak perdagangan. [/ Quote]

Excellent work

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
i got a really good 1m system using this if anyone is interested. Been testing it for a while using the last up/down candle.

Ill do a video and post it

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
please share I am interested

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Heres a picture , its obviously opposite on buying

EMAs are 50, 13 and 7 not 100 as i put in picture , my mistake

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Using this on m1 chart on volatile pairs, i like Dax and US30 at 7am euro open on m1 chart. easily 20-50 pips a day for an hour work.

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
oh and best set ups occur when the candle is close to 7 and 13ema, even better resisting the 7ema. Loads of opportunities on m1 chart but works on higher time frames

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Its based on these patterns

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 14 (FOLKS from please PM me with EA issue)

Download is ready at:
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

Hi folks, its been a while.  Obligations have kept me away from trading.  However I do check to see if there is any assistance needed for the EAs.  So this one was a simple upgrade.  Users reported that EA would close pending order after every candle close, no matter the color. The code was updated to now only close the candle if a new signal appears. Keep in mind that the EA will close any unfilled pending orders at the end of your broker day.

Questions/Comments  just send me a PM

Health and safety to all.

Jess

PS: Latest EA version and info can be found at https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Simple nice strategy. With good risk reward ratio which will help to win in long term.

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
PLEASE open your own thread, this has nothing to do with this system!! Or do you want that someone clutters your thread with a completely other system??

Why do you post a M1 system that has absolutely nothing to do with the 100EMA? I don't get it...

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
If you make 20-50 pips a day, please open a trade explorer and show us the performance. You can look at mine and see how good the Magic100 is...

BTW, you will NEVER be profitable long term on M1...

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Open a thread and post it there!

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Thanks for your effort, but to trade this system profitably you need experience, screen time and manual entries. You cannot let an EA take every entry according to the rules, won't work...

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
I'm quite your opinion, this is about magic 100

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Hi Olarion1975, when you have time, Could you pls share your NZDUSD and NZDJPY trades.. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
I agree that is harder but saying that you cannot make money on the 1m is like if i say that you cannot male money on the 1 h. Why is possible on the 1 hour and is not in lower timeframes.

sorry i do not agree with that statement

anyway good trading to you

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
The noise on lower timeframes like M1 is extreme, not so on H1. Every professional trader (and I know quite a few) will tell you that M5 and M1 is nearly impossible to trade profitably. Even for me with over 10 years of trading experience, it is difficult to trade M15 profitably. I do it from time to time, but only when H1 lacks of volume/clear movements. Everything below M15 is financial suicide.

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Check his trade explorer's trades. You can see them all there.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
There is no need to thank me.  I do this out of pure love for programming/trading (open source all the way).

As stated in my previous posts.  The EA is a tool.  If used properly it can yield the results you desire.

It's the part that does the trading FOR YOU, the strategy of trade placement is still up to the trader.

If used properly I can guarantee you, that you will SLEEP better when executing trades(if you live on the western part of the globe that is more likely) LOL.

PEACE and HEALTH to all

JESS

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Hi Jess,

Trade hour : is it GMT or Broker or Local time that is detected please ?

Thanks and cheers

Add pips at pending orders at the High / Low and not at the close of candle -1 please
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

jf

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
I put my trade to be. Its kinda sort of resistance down there. But i must say: i am very confident with the entry style. If the price goes in our way, we have the ticket to ride. If not, we are just on the save sideline and heading to another opportunitys

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Hello I wanted to know if the bot can be put in different graphs, so my idea is to put the bot in h1, h4 and daily simultaneously. I have tried changing the magic number but the maximum is 2, I mean h1 and daily only, but h4 won't let me, only 2 graphs, thanks

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
I find this method interesting to make some short term gain and i am using this in m 5 chart

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Another good, profitable day. Done for the week

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
for you morons saying open a thread, its about this strategy so why would i open a new thread on this strategy. I thought communities like this are to help each other. All you get is idiots hating. Ive used this strategy to my own strengths and wanted to share. I wont do it anymore.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Chill dude,

noneone insulted or attacked you, they only say that your system is different and that it may be better for you to open a thread, that is all.

the emas you use are different

the timeframe different

entries different

you have a very good thread about 3 bar break that it could be useful to people here that are having problems with the entries and it will go well with trading with the 100 ema why you dont help people with the entries instead of going all anoyed

kind regards

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
The M1 strategy you wanted to share has NOTHING to do with the 100EMA...you don't even use it . So don't get rude, just get out of this thread.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
its the same strategy using different emas you dimwit. pmsl.

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
[quote = dazjw2311; 13114014] {quote} itu strategi yang sama menggunakan emas berbeda Anda tolol. pmsl. [/ kutipan]

Can u share sir

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
A strategy with diferrent EMAs = different strategy . And now get outta here you lil' wimp

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Hi Olarion,

please can you send screenshot from your today trades, because when I look to your trade list I didnt se any trade with Magic 100 rule.

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Hi all,

Not so bad for a first test with Jess'EA

Cheers

jf
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
Also I see  he don't run for 1:2 or more? .. mostly scalp .. please correct me if I am wrong

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
EN +2R (lower TF entry)

Initially aimed at 4R at the start of frankfurt, 3R would have worked out nicely. but after a long waiting game, closed the position at 2R considering it's unloading day for many of the big guys.

Finished for the week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Great almost perfect of the MA, well done.

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
good stuff tradista, 2R is still a nice pay day. well done!

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Folks:

Please direct any EA concerns to my PM.  If you are new and can't PM yet, use the shout feature on my account.

Thankx

Jess

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Thanks dazjw.

Both you and Mr. Magic 100 are following the same age-old proven strategy that has been around since trading began.

1/- You establish that a trend is in place

2/- You enter on a recovering pullback

Thanks for your input, I really appreciate it. You probably can't be bothered with your video now [wouldn't blame you] but if you do, I'll be watching it.

Best Wishes

David

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Anyone please tell me what is the time period that ea should run??

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
hi petere.I use this method in TF1h. What is the size of sl and tp in time 15? Thank you for your answer.

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Minotawr is a winner man of experience,

And do not set your RR systematically in advance. It's for me an aberration

You better see the trend and it's potential with also analyse of FiboChannel indy

FramaRibbon here is not part of this simple and excellent strategy. But perso I use it. I prefer it to Ema.

To survive on Forex, you need to be the strongest, the smartest and be able to adapt quickly to any change

Stay safe

Cheers

jean-francois
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
do you have any historical backtest of this strategy?

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
It's the strategy of Minotawr. Nothing else

The heart of this so simple strat is buystop sellstop , in the direction of the trend when you have a contrary candle

And he says he have no backtest. But several years winning

Read some first pages please

And you can easily see on a graph by yourself. A Paper backtest. Do it yourself please

You have to work a little by yourself

Nothing to sell here. I'ts free

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Hello JF

Could  you post the order placement indicator or ea at the top left corner of your chart

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Hi Howard,

It's an EA. Put it in Expert Folder

The close button don't close all trade. But only the trade on the graph. It's not an emergency button but selective.

I'm not a programmer. I tinkered with an EA that existed to adapt it to my needs

But it works and works very well

God save your queen Sir

Sorry for my bad english

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Thank you for your fast reply ^^

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Thank you JF

Your English is very good

God bless you and have a nice day

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Finally read the thread from beginning to end.

The strategy is very simple and makes a lot of sense.

I always trade trends and the times that I trade counter I get kill, since I always believe that the trend is going to change and go all the way opposite side, so I decided long ago no to trade more counter trend moves.

The only thing that I would say for those that have problems finding the right pullback is to use an oscillator like cci 14 (it was already mentioned). pullback when below/above 100/-100 and enter when crossing 0 level.

I hope it helps

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Hi,

Minotawr is an experienced man and talent. He don't need indies. With just a look to the move of price he knows.

Us we need a little more. But please not a graph like a "Christmas tree"

Better than a cci, personnaly I prefer a HILO ATR, an excellent FRAMA RIBBON, or a Fibo Channel (adaptative)

With the good settings ...

Where is Minotawr ? We don't see him since at least 1 month ! Is he Ill may be ?

Has anyone heard ? I'm worried

Have a good trade day

Stay safe and be flexible with your strategy. Only the market is always right. Adaptating is the word for survive (Darwin)

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Hi all,

Interesting example this morning, time is open Franckfurt,  EURUSD

Price above EMA 100, a candle on opposite trend

Jess EA or Strat says take this trade BuyStop

But if you look at FiboChannel you well see the risk. We are at the high of channel

Better don't take this one. Or waiting. If price goes through the high of channel, and close above, ok we can take a trade

So ema 100 and a second indy is useful for me. And you ? ...

Cheers

jf
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Hi jf, i had already written it: Minotawr told me 2 weeks ago he caught Covid19 on vacation. Since then i have contacted him several times but he doesn´t respond.

I hope he is alright...

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Hope he is alright.

Critical time. Everyone must take care for yourself and your family.

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Oh sheet. My god

Hi Juri and thanks for the answer. If you have news please tell me ...

Yess take care too

jf

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
i found this setup today, the trend is looking promising...

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
EURNZD Juri ? Risked, we are in the top high of fibochannel

And it's monday. And it's August. No trend, no move. Demo only
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
...and it´s summer

but seriously: no trend? what?

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Yes we have a trend

PS GU is winning for me now. SL at BE
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
let's hope the Minataur is not too old because of covid, good improvement

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
how are the settings from your fibo channel,le celte

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Here it is : https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...0#post12891250

unfortunately I do not have the source code mq4

I asked for it but ....

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
this one i like. 11 green daily candles in a row

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Nice trade, congrats!  I did not take this one because the ADR was already reached.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
I am done for today and I finally made it into the Top 10 August Leaderboard for Live accounts  I tripled my account in 3 weeks

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
hammer olarion 1975     as far as I hope to get

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
EN (on lower tf)

Had to be away from my charts so closed manually, as I wanted to monitor this market. Set and forget would have reached TP @ 3R. Never underestimate the power of a strong trend.

Well, better a small win than a loss.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My backtesting has shown that 3R is achievable almost every day from lower TF on strongly trending pairs. Of course the potential for losses by tighter stops is also higher. It's a matter of personal preference.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
what????  only magic trades? this is incredible. like Mino always said, we have to be persistent

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Congratulations!  great job!

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Yes, only trades based on Magic100 concept. Entry timeframes are H1 and M15, but most of the time I scale in and out with several positions. But always using a SL. In the morning I scan through all 28 pairs and pick the best looking ones, most of the time only 2-3 pairs a day.

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
And what hours do you see more effective?

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
I don't understand how you do these excellent trades !

I have to work hard. Humility for me

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
This is my everyday trading plan:

1. Look for clearly trending pairs

2. Only BUY above 100EMA, only SELL below 100EMA

3. Only use H1 or M15 for entries

4. Don't enter after big candles, wait for smaller one or an inside bar

5. Inital TP is 3R, but take partial closes or tighten the SL if price shows rejection at S/R zones, daily & previous day's Highs/Lows, top/low ADR, round numbers (50/100 levels)

6. After price reaches 1-2R, trail SL behind last M15 / M5 swings

So far this works great for me. It it important to mention that I never trade this concept as "Set & Forget". I closely monitor my trades and take partial closes or trail my SL manually.

Personally, I'd rather have a higher winrate (about 78%) and take smaller wins (scaling out of positions) than having a lower winrate with fewer and bigger wins.

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
and now your trades of today

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Thanks a lot

jf

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Today (Jess ' EA) :
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Olarion1975

HI.i trade by magic100 .i like trade in lower TF.can you say what do you trade in lower tf?session?time?pairs?sl?

tnx

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Hi Olarion,

great results, bravo!

How much do you risk per trade?

thanks

PC

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
And yours ?

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
I didn't have time today, because you had to analyze them in the morning, i had to work

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
In lower TF I only trade M15 with all 28 major/minor pairs (see below). SL is flexible, it can be the previous candle's high/low + a few pips, the last swing H/L, a RN or a major S/R zone. Regarding the sessions, I only trade from Frankfurt Open to London Close.

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
As my winrate is very high (78%), I risk between 2-5% of my account per trade.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Thank you for your complete answer. My trade today was not good in nzdusd and

nzdchf

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
ok but here we are in discretionary trading

Talent

jf

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Nice work,

Top ten  congrats.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Thanks, man. If you were to kick out all accounts that have a negative overall performance, I would easily be in the Top 3.

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
That's amazing work, well done. Top 3 is awesome

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Bonjour tout le monde,
Not being gifted, I am looking for a systematic strategy VS/ Discretionary strategy.
I retain Magic 100 the heart , the simple basic idea. Namely Buy Sell above under SMA 100 and above under an opposite candle.
Beyond finding a more systematic and clear solution for knowing when to enter and exit

Since the time I am on Forex I know, I know my limits.

Already losing I became neutral, and even slightly winning (in demo).

I can work and never work again I will not get your good discretionary results.

Forex is a passion but I have also another life. I can't stay all the day in front of my PC

Take care friends and stay safe

Bien amicalement

jf

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
usdcad ,sell stop ,magic100

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
I would not enter there...the downmove is already very deep and there's no clear retracement.

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Trend very extended at that point,

you should have entered on the 3 up candles in a row the first candle down

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
hi. Thank you for your attention friend.do not enter by frist retracement?why?

The trend is strong.

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
nzdjpy?Thank you for your attention.

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Same trade just a bit sooner

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
The perfect entry would have been at the yellow marked candle:

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
You said it before " I only trade from Frankfurt Open to London Close."

Glad you can guide me

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
[quote=teapeak;13118477]{quote} Same trade just a bit sooner {image}[/qu

Tokyo session?

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Reading you carefully helps to understand why an EA cannot work

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Its a pity in my case it was my personal eabut need to say its not good to take all trades so need to be selective.

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
[quote=amir65;13118505]
yes and  I was sleeping too early for me

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
The trend is strong true, but you entered when the prices was extended from the pullback so your success rate is going to be lower if you enter very late which I have also see in  a later trade posted by you.

I would have entered on the second bar down after the 3 upbars because it closed below the low of the last upbar.

Also go back in the thread and look at Olarion entries, he looks for a pullback and then looks for a indecision bar up if going short and the reverse for going long to enter.

look if you have doubts about the pullbacks use this indicator. is basically a cci, change the period to 14 or 20, place 100 and -100 level on the indicator and take the entry when the pullback ends

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
I have made it very simple for you,

The same charts you posted with the retracement finder

1 Look for trend ema 100

2 look for pullback retracement finder

3 enter when retracement finder show a black line _ end of retracement

4- do not enter if black like is below -100 or above +100

5- do not enter the pullback if is less than 3 bars so basically when you have 2 black lines in a row

6- best retracements goes below-100 for long above +100 for short

7-If you are confident about the trade you can enter before, when you see that the retracement finder is going to croos the 0 level

8- Or just look when there is a retracement and then enter on an indecision bar.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
Today, Jess' EA and manual intervention for the exit

I only put 4 pairs in the EA.

Because they are all more or less correlated ...

Santé

jf

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Your biggest loss is bigger than your biggest win--> it cannot lead to profitability in the long run

You cut your winners to early, common mistake of amateurs

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
It’s sure Juri. I do this without conviction, as an amateur, on demo account and from time to time when I come back from the swimming pool I watch where the EA is

but oddly this EA is winning. Maybe eventually there is something to do with

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Why am I not succeeding? Can anyone explain? Where is my mistake?

1.trend above ema 100

2.eur session

3.retracement candle

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
When price riched TP1 you should break even your postion. and about your SL you should set it under the entry candle not lower that it. after that you can have more profit and also TP2 and TP3 and TP4

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
WHERE IS THE ADMIN?? ITS being long

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
But he said sl should not be below 20 pips

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Bonjour,

Admin? What are you talking about?

Minotawr the creator of this site, is absent, would be sick

And anyway he gave generously all the outlines of his simple and brillant strategy.

There are traders here who are doing very well (not me). In addition they have the patience and kindness to explain to us how they trade.

It’s up to you to play now. And if you can’t, or don’t like, you’re free to switch to another thread

Have a good day and stay safe

jf

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Hi,
It's pathetic.
Nothing is written in stone in detail.
You have the heart of the strategy (ema 100, contrary candle). Then it’s up to you to have the talent and adapt to your feelings, your way of seeing the pair evolve
Thanks
jf

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
hi.May I ask how much do you put sl in tf1?

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
here

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
And it’s not the holy grail !

Personally at the start my SL is at 30 pips.
Or in the other side of the FiboChannel
But it is summer, I can not and do not want to spend all my time in front of the PC.
I let an EA manage.
It’s not the right thing to do

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
i didnt see anything about SL and pips, set SL is desired but personally i set my SL below o above the entry candle, some times my SL was 5 pips but my TP was 25 pips so i got 1:5 in that trade, do not be afraid from SL cuz if you loss in one trade after that you will win in 2 trades.

Here is my results on 28 pairs and got 300 pips till now from last night. as you see my balance isnt big but at end of the story and end of the day you will win cuz some pairs are in loss but most of them are in profit.

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
hi.I took the SL for 20, but I did not succeed. I think it was because of the size of the SL

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
if you put your SL below that entry candle you could take 1:5 or 1:6 in that trade. forget last high and low cuz you will got big loss in high time frames.

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
if you sell, your SL is on the high of the signal candle, if you buy your SL is on the low of the signal candle. You might want to add an extra pip or two or the spread value, for security if you think it might be taken out due to spread. Distance is a personal choice, see what your comfortable with, personally, I will not take bars that get me a SL higher than 15 pips (to allow room for a 1:3 RR on lower tf) nor will take bars (SL) lower than 5 pips (high probability of being stopped out).

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
I am in eu long and uj short in it

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Yes! perfect reply

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
it's reasonable

What is the meaning of return candlestick? Pin bar? Body?size?

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
from yesterday

eur usd

sl:20

tp:3

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
regarding those basic topics, google is your friend

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
Nice!

but if you'd used Minotaur's rules, you would have reached the 3R quite easily.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Thank you for your attention, but he said If there are candles that form lower after that candle, then move the pending buy and stop to that new candle

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
aud nzd?

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
Yes, you are right, so you'd cancel the previous pending order and place a new one there. same thing

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
500 pips till now with magic 100 for today.

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
nzdusd.15m

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
uj,    eu wating

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
me too!

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Its not good entry here, see trend on H1 time frame and you can see strong trend without any pullback, so you should wait for pullback, you can get help from RSI too, see it, what do you see? RSI is above 80 !!!!! and we have big reversal.

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Close all of positions with 630 pips and %63 profit for today, Thanks for the best strategy. reversal is coming...

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Thanks for your guidance. But I do not use any indicators

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
You could create a group in telegram for us and thus help us

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
did you see fall down on NZDUSD? Dont worry about loss and Dont buy on GBPUSD , EURUSD, NZDUSD and dont sell on USDJPY , USDCHF today, we are on trick from market makers, i think we have big reversal from that pairs and they can move about 300-400 pips opposide side. try to recover you losses. Good Luck.

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
I think the strategy is good, but for me who actually wants to stick with the trade, it doesn't always work and sometimes lasts the whole day or longer. how do you do it since you've always been involved in the trade

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
one question! Do you check price in higher TF to detect the trend ? Should the price be above ema100 in TF1 and TF4?

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Check higher time frame just waste your time and confuse your mind, you should know the nature of the market and all tricks, after that you will succeed.

I have a long story about how I could become a professional trader. I will define it at the right time and it will be interesting for you and you can trade like me.

at the end i have an initial tip for you:

When you are unemployed, go to one minute time frame and try to have 100 successful trades.

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Thank. I will be happy if you tell me about your trading experiences. Especially about magic100

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
thank you, I Aliens  would also be happy about help

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Thanks for the tip.. you mean to say to try Magic 100 on 1 min for 100 successful trades?

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Yes my friend, You must win at least 80 trades, dont check M5 time frame for your trades, just focus on one time and see market and its moves. When you want to test a strategy just test it on one and five minute time frame, you can find nature of the market in lower time frames cuz they happen a lot, most of big boys trades in low time frames, most of time i also trade in 1 minute time frame and got big profits, Believe me and try to work hard.

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
I found this thread very interesting, but the question is " what pair is or are the best to trade today?

If I follow the rules of this strategy, I look that I may lose many occasions to rise a trend.

Personally I look to the end of whatever H4 candle of all 28 pairs and look for a significant inversion.

This means that it is a must to know how to recognize inversions patterns.

This allows selecting the best pair to trade since the beginning of a new trend and not when the trend is already running and candles are far away from Ema 100.

When candles are far away from Ema 100 they can start a long retracement losing time to follow the principal trend of Ema 100.

Then I switch to minor time frames as M15 and look at Ema 100 conditions of this strategy. Of course, everybody can choose their own TF of preference.

I look also to Currency Strength - Giraia.  When the stronger currency is up to value  8 and the weaker currency is near to value 1 we can be sure that the trend keeps his force for almost one hour and more. In one and more hours we can do many pips. It is a little additional help but not necessary.

Allow me to give an example of today and I beg your pardon if I have gone away a little from your thread.

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
What are your blue and cyan EMA?

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
[quote = Romiros; 13122414] {quote} Quali sono i tuoi EMA blu e ciano? [/ quote]

Ema 13 e ema 7.

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Hi,

Many systems tell us, when and how to enter, sometimes with great precision, with details. And some are excellent.

But I don’t know any who say the essential: how and when to go out.

The main thing is not the entry but the exit

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
[quote = le celte; 13123102] Salve, Molti sistemi ci dicono, quando e come entrare, a volte con grande precisione, con i dettagli. E alcuni sono eccellenti. Ma non conosco nessuno che dica l'essenziale: come e quando uscire. La cosa principale non è l'entrata ma l'uscita Cheers jf [/ quote

Some suggestions:

Plan a reasonable daily gain in the proportion of the lots used and stop.

Close all at the end of H1, H4 D1 W1 candle depending on your style trading.

Close when EMAs cross after a long trend.

Close when there is a probably inverting candle on slower TF

Study a possible strategy for recovery.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
[quote = Aliens; 13121891] {quote} Ya teman, Anda harus memenangkan setidaknya 80 perdagangan, jangan periksa kerangka waktu M5 untuk perdagangan Anda, cukup fokus pada satu waktu dan lihat pasar dan pergerakannya. Ketika Anda ingin menguji strategi, cukup mengujinya pada kerangka waktu satu dan lima menit, Anda dapat menemukan sifat pasar dalam kerangka waktu yang lebih rendah karena itu sering terjadi, sebagian besar anak laki-laki besar berdagang dalam kerangka waktu rendah, sebagian besar waktu saya juga berdagang dalam kerangka waktu 1 menit dan dapatkan untung besar, Percayalah dan cobalah bekerja keras. [/ quote]

I will follow your advice

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Another example of today. I have added some indicators of mine. But the strategy is always of the author, following the Ema 100.

I have only selected the best pair to work with and waited for the right moment to open the trade.

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
nice...if ok, could you please share the currency strength indicator that you have on your chart.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Great concept, but you might want to be aware that the giraia (if not all) csm might have had other values at the time of entry (quite some time before you took the screenshot)

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
I love the look of your charts ...what color is the background? Can you please share indicators and template. This looks like the perfect template to complement my eyes.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Yesterday bad day, today good day
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
[quote = tradista; 13123453] {quote} Ottimo concetto, ma potresti voler essere consapevole che il giraia (se non tutto) csm potrebbe avere altri valori al momento dell'inserimento (un bel po 'di tempo prima di acquisire lo screenshot) [ /citazione]

It is true. These screenshots were done at the right moment with those values.  This indicator has to be rightly interpreted. It may show the same values after a long trend. Normally when a value is up 7 or below 2 with a starting trend, I stay with an opened eye to that currency. If it touches 8 or 1 it is a strong trend that will run for almost one session.  Today NZD was amazing touching zero.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Here is the template with all indicators.

Happy pips.

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
[quote = Vivi-l; 13123389] {quote} bello ... se va bene, potresti condividere l'indicatore di forza della valuta che hai sul grafico. [/ quote]

Look at post 1411.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Thanks Flashpaul

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Also in D1, with the same rules of the strategy of this thread, we can find fantastic opportunities. Look at the following examples.  It is sufficient to follow also only one pair in D1 to gain the day.  When you choose one, then you can accompany the trend during your favorite session in lower time frames.

Choose and select the best pair in high Time Frames and follow patiently them.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
I can hardly wait in the h1, how can I do this in d1

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Hi, Flashpaul, I'm interested in your template but am having trouble opening the file in Windows 10. Can you tell me how to open it please? Thank you so much.

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
You will need Winrar or similar to unpack the .rar compressed file  7 Zip is good also

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Hi,

Your "Currency Strength Giraia" don't work
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
hi.

audchf?

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Love how your charts look like, the background colour as well. Smart indicators.

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
it's not good entry, AUD pair will strong and pullback to higher level, after that we have fall down.

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
[quote = le celte; 13124777] {quote} Ciao, il tuo "Currency Strength Giraia" non funziona {image} [/ quote]

I have checked my indicator and I don´t find these errors, but anyway try with this.

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Dear Vivi-l sorry for late, It's impossible for me to write in shouts box i donno why, but i think its because of my account limitations. Anyway best filter for each strategy are our eyes, you should see price action and get help from EMA100, so listen to me carefully, I believe that moving average is one of the best indicators for guidance, so when price is under it we will ready for sell and vice versa, but what is the best filter for moving averages? It's simple ! just moving average is the best indicator for filter the moving average but you should optimal them, but how??? for example I personally add EMA50 on my chart to filter EMA100, when price was between them i dont trade that pair, because moving avarages act like resistance and support and we dont know where the price will go when it is between them. that was your answer but it will take a long time for me to explain further.

In the next post if possible I will explain further to optimize the Magic100 strategy with price action. ( If I have time )

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
eurjpy m5?

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
aud nzd?

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Very good Amir, best time frame to enter the market for magic100, Easy and fast. your SL will be very little but your profit is big, look the past, You could take more and bigger opportunities. This was my approach with a few modifications to success.

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
gpbaud.m5

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
[quote = amir65; 13125219] gpbaud.m5 {image} [/ quote]

GBPAUD was one of the best opportunities of today.  Look at the inversion pattern in H4.

Price already below Ema 100 in faster TF, as too Ema 50.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Aliens

usa30,m5

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
flashpaul,  but this was not according to the rules

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Nice entry, I think you made more profit today than I did  I made %38 profit.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
hi.tp ok!

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
[quote = ingo3344; 13125426] flashpaul, ma questo non era conforme alle regole [/ quote]

It is true.

But as I have explained before I am looking for best entries without waiting for Ema 100.

In high TF Ema 100 is too late for entries although also today we have had some good entries in H1 with the rules in of this strategy.

But working in H1 we need to stay at PC almost all-day looking at all the pairs each hour.

Due to my time zone, I can´t take advantage of the London session and lose many opportunities.

Look at Amir65: he is using Ema 100 only for scalping in M5 with success.

But I am conscious that I am going out from the strategy of this thread, so I will go out and probably will open a thread of mine.

I beg your pardon.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
If you entered here you could get 1:8 or 1:9 profit, i got that sell and closed it after 1:6 , this is power of the trade in lower time frames, did you see? Anyway your work was great today.

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
I think there is  no need to go out. Stay here and share your experience. There is many similarities and the core is still Magic100.

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
very nice amir. I didn't thought this system can work in 5min tf as scalping. Please more of this

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Thanks again for the tip..Looking forward for your next post

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
hi Aliens .Thank you for your attention. Why should I enter at this point?

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
We are 3 confirmations at this chart:

1. price is below EMA100 ( Magic100 strategy )

2. we have broken support by bearish candle. so support has become to resistance.

3. we have green candle ( for enter the market by Magic100 strategy )  and it's doji candle on top below the resistance.

After these confirmations, we are sure that the price will be %99.99 down trend. What could be safer on the market?

Magic100 with price action is strongest strategy in the market with the least loss that most companies are using it. i know and i see.

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Your explanation was very logical. But I think we should have a mechanical plan for trading. Just like the magic100.The advantage of magic100 is that it does not require analysis when trading.There are many methods for trading, but I think the mechanical method with strong logic is more successful.Mechanical method means you act like a robot in trading (according to the previous plan)

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
HI, I just saw youir thread, and wondered about this chart - you say that the first trade was a winner, and yet the price went up a ffew candles later on this short trade. When do you take profit?

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
I see that you state in page 1 that TP is 2R or 3R. In this chart you placed your first SL quite high, yoiur first page says "below" or "above", but you don't specidy pips.

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
basically, the goal is to catch the end of the correction to the trend! or in other words, to catch the start of trend continuation!

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Here it looks like you may have hit TP before SL, because the trigger candle is small.

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Minotawr, have you tried this strategy with 50 SMA, which shows you medium term trend?

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
of course it can work, because you are catching the end of a correction, in the direction of the trend. It would work very well with the Alligator indicator too.

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
What is your Win percentage?

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
HI mInotawr, Do you enter the stop order price manually, or do you have an EA which is a line entry that youplace on your chart where you want your entry to be?

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
this indicator froze up my MT4 platforn!

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
[quote = Aliens; 13126709] {quote} Abbiamo 3 conferme in questo grafico: 1. il prezzo è inferiore a EMA100 (strategia Magic100) 2. abbiamo rotto il supporto dalla candela ribassista. quindi il supporto è diventato la resistenza. 3. abbiamo una candela verde (per entrare nel mercato con la strategia Magic100) ed è una candela doji in alto sotto la resistenza. Dopo queste conferme, siamo sicuri che il prezzo sarà al ribasso del% 99,99. Cosa potrebbe esserci di più sicuro sul mercato? Magic100 con azione sui prezzi è la strategia più forte sul mercato con la minima perdita che la maggior parte delle aziende la utilizza. lo so e lo vedo. {image} [/ quote]

Good morning Friend, your analysis is impeccable but, I am a little bit curious: how did you choose this pair in the middle of all pairs in the list and also checking in M5? Following the rules of the strategy, the price was higher than Ema 100 in H1.   Are you working only on M5 /M1 checking all the pairs?

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Hello again, I am intrigued by your thread! I guess with this strategy you an check the charts every hour, and can do stuff in between! You said you trade Frankfurt/London. Do you check every hour until the London close - say 4 p.m. London time?

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
so is your loss 40% and your win 60%?

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
Hi, I would like to ask you about this indicator - do you place the SL and the entry price as lines on the chart, which then go into the "window" where it shows you prices, and the risk in dollars?

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Hi Waih, you are amazing! Is this a way to do it WITHOUT  having to buy the risk calculator?

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
Waih, I am getting everything on my chart except the "handles"

how do you get those letters to appear?

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Sagi at the pace that you post, you are going to make  this soon a 1,000,000 page thread,,,

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Hi Flashpaul, do you use the default settings on this currency strength indicator? When I applied it to my chart, on Sunday, no market opened, this is what it shows . does that look right?

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
HI Amir, are you using an EA type of hting to have your entries done with a line from the chart?

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
I'd love to be able to do what you did!I love the lower TFs too.

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
hit red button?"

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Hi, how do I download the EA? the website it takes me to, somehow doesn;t work? what am I doing wrong ?

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
LOL. you made my day!

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
Yes you are right. Everyone should trade as comfortably as possible.

Sorry i cant answer you in shouts box because of my membership. i'm Junior member and reply in shouts box is disabled for me. may you ask your questions here? or wait for my membership to upgrade?

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
Hi my friend. Thank you for your kindness. I have 5 strategies for each trade and mix them together. Magic100 is one of them for entry. I found them several years ago and I have no plans to tell anyone right now. Maybe one day I will say. This strategy is used by many companies and also by a friend of mine who trades in a bank. I only look at one time when trading and most of the time is 5 minutes time frame and I trade on more than 20 to 30 currency pairs simultaneous. This is something I have practiced for years.

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
So you can just practice in lower time frames.

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
[quote = sagi; 13127135] {quote} Ciao Flashpaul, utilizzi le impostazioni predefinite su questo indicatore di forza della valuta? Quando l'ho applicato al mio grafico, domenica, nessun mercato aperto, questo è quello che mostra. sembra giusto? {image} [/ quote]

Before everything,  this thread is not a chat line. It should be better if you can resume your questions in one post. Many questions of yours are irrelevant and you can answer them by your self if you trade a little with this strategy.  Many interesting threads did become impossible to read because stuffed of useless comments.

The indicator is showing the last values before the close of the market.

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Yup, the big RED button that says.. "CloseTrade(s)"

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Ok ... let me show you with PICTURES.... lol

CLick on this link:
xm7_Magic100_EA_v14.ex4

Then CLICK on the button called DOWNLOAD

Jess

PS: Use the EA wisely.  Its a tool.  If used correctly I guarantee that you will SLEEP or have more time for YOU....

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
I'm Junior member too   I'll wait because my question may not be related to this page

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Thank you. Now I saw the download link.

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
Hi, pls I`ve downloaded the EA and attached to the platform but nothing has happened, it only shows some trending pairs. Any settings to make it work?

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
One example for today.

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
flashpaul

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Yes, It was a good situation but today market was not good for trade. i had 16 break even (very bad), 1 loss and 3 win.  %11 profit in total. very bad

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
hello, if I always had 11% a month, I would be enough , Aliens   but you learn more and more from you

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
Do you scan all the pairs, and how do you do it?

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
Nice ... when you say inversion - is it only the engulfing candle that you are looking for?

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
I agree with you

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
ِDear ingo, Most traders are accustomed to low profits, which is why they lose money in the long run. In the past, I also made very little profit, but I thought to myself why I should not make as much profit as others. So I started practicing a lot and spent all my time learning and researching. I only slept 4 hours a day. I am still studying Forex and will continue to do. I am interested in increasing small accounts, and I think large accounts make people greedy. So if I have $ 1,000, I can increase it to $ 5,000 in a month and save $ 4,000 and start again next month, and that satisfies me. So %11 is not enough for me.

I have some tips for you, im working on it.

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
I've made the mistake of running behind after so much strategy, now I'm doing what you've described, just magic 100 in m1 until it works properly. but I am still a long way from the goal

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Do you know why I said to trade at M1 time frame? If you can be %60 successful in low times, you are %90 successful in high times because you will be fully acquainted with market movements. If you have problem in 1 minute time frame, you can practice in 5 minute time frame and send the results. Good Luck!

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
can say exactly what you are looking for

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Your win rate is not important for me. your losses is important

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
Aliens, have you considered becoming a funded trader? Should be fairly easy for you to pass the initial challenges and stay aligned with the minimum requirements.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
Last year, my broker sent me an invitation to trade for us and get paid, even though I had no statements, but I did not accept because I earn more than that in trading and I am not interested in big money. But my friend went to a bank and traded for them. I have a simple and calm life.

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
Right, I understand, but with a prop firm, making 10% a month consistently can bring anyone a joyful life. I appreciate a calm life too, that's what I'm also looking for, but family, kids, we have to pay for things, right?  Anyway, I'm looking at 20-25% per month consistently with a max 5% drawdown as my ultimate goal. Maybe it's too high for most people, but I believe it can be done.

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
Yes, I'm sure you will succeed, but one thing is very important to succeed. Try to create a strategy for yourself and use the strategy of others only to expand it. There is no point in using the strategy of others. You can make more than %100 profit per month by using your own strategy. believe it. In the financial market, strategy comes first.

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
[quote = sagi; 13128901] {quote} Esegui la scansione di tutte le coppie e come lo fai? [/ quote]

I look at all pairs in H4 and look only at very very few inversion candle patterns in my preferred session which is between candles H4 04:00 and 08:00 of the broker. It takes 10 minutes to check when you are able to select these few patterns. If you don´t find these patterns in one pair, quickly leave it and go to the next pair.

I don´t take care of other opportunities.

The patterns may be engulfing, pin candle, morning star, evening star... It is always a bullish candle followed by a bearish candle or the contrary.  If an inversion is at the favor of a tendency it is better, but it is not a must.

After I follow the tendency in lower time frame M5 and M1.

Look at another example with GBPCHF.

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Here My trade for now at this time with Magic100. yes all of them are in profits but the weak market does not benefit us, and I do not like profits like this.

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
Hey flashpaul, this is brilliant  So, we check the 4H candle before London open and when wee see an inversion we are going to M1 and trading the direction of the H4. This is what i have looked for, to separate the pairs before London open. I´ve found it difficult to choose trending pairs, like Minotawr has suggested.

I must say this is awesome  Please more examples...thanks

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
i was not good.2 tp and 3 st. But I'm sure I will get better with effort. I hope you say your points. Thank you

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
[quote = Juri; 13129139] {quote} Ehi flashpaul, è geniale Quindi, controlliamo la candela 4H prima dell'apertura di Londra e quando vediamo un'inversione andiamo verso M1 e scambiamo la direzione dell'H4. Questo è quello che ho cercato, per separare le coppie prima dell'apertura di Londra. Ho trovato difficile scegliere le coppie di tendenza, come ha suggerito Minotawr. Devo dire che è fantastico Per favore altri esempi ... grazie [/ quote]

It is not necessary that has to be the London session. It may be whatever session. The focus is that H4 allows us to look with calm what may be the best opportunities.

Look at a couple of H4 candles that do a significant inversion AT THE END OF THE SECOND H4 CANDLE (or 5/10 minutes before) and then, if it is interesting, switch in lower TF.

Here is some example in different days on the same pair GBPCAD.

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Examples in GBPUSD H4.

It is easy that when there is an inversion, the price in M5 or M1 is already up or down EMA 100.

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Awesome! thanks for sharing this concept. Will give it a try too!

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
hi.I read your post several times but I did not understand. I did not understand what you mean inversion. Thank you for further explanation.

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
EU +5R (5m tf)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
Yes that's right. You can see that the profit is much higher and faster in lower time frames. We do not have to wait for hours and hours and hours. Get used to the lower time frames.

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
[quote = amir65; 13129706] {quote} ciao, ho letto il tuo post diverse volte ma non ho capito. Non ho capito cosa intendi per inversione. Grazie per ulteriori spiegazioni. [/ Quote]
https://forexpops.com/wp-content/upl...k-patterns.jpg

https://www.babypips.com/learn/forex...ks-cheat-sheet

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Thanks, yes I'm backtesting intensively and from the data I'm getting it seems that M5 can provide for 5R moves most of the times.

Do you even look at the higher timeframes for direction ?

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
[quote = Jughead; 13129584] Pensieri? {image} [/ quote]

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
Not always. But if I get confused in lower time frames I look at H1 and find highs and lows.

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
Today JPY is the king!

In the screenshot, I am showing GBPJPY . There has been an inversion in H4, yesterday at the candlestick 20:00/24:00.

Today there was not an inversion but the trend was so strong that has to take advantage.

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
Yes and we will probably have a heavy fall soon. RSI is above 85 in all time frames. buy is risky now. we can sell below EMA100 in M5 and M1

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
which period you use for the rsi the standard 14?

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Yes 14 but I have an advanced RSI for trades. It is much more accurate and sensitive.

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
Look at AUDJPY H4 inversions for whatever session. It is not so difficult to identify and confirm the pattern.  Then everybody can manage the new trend as he prefers.

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
and what do you consider a valid pullback?

when the 50 ema and the 100 ema  are cross on the right direction and rsi14 goes below 30 or above 70?

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
I just use RSI for overbought/oversold, not more. For reversal when the price crosses EMA50 we are given the first confirmation. Once EMA100 is crossed by price, we can enter into trade with using the Magic100 rules.

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
understood

Thanks

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
GU 5R (missed this one, was not watching my charts) beautiful !!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
You always have interesting points but I don't think crossing the Ma 50 is very safe.

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
is that the 50 and 100 EMAs?

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Very good!

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
Do you have an indicator to alert you about the formations, or you form the boxes yourself.?

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
is this what you call an inversion? The small green candle is the 20-24 on GJ.

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
Do you think AJ will reach the previous highs on H4? On the weekly it looks like an exhaustion pattern. I am waiting for it to go down big time,.

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
GU stopped out twice during US session

(first entry was a mistake (green candle))

Looks like the time of day is critical for momentum. London seems to work quite better.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

[quote = sagi; 13130873] {quote} Hai un indicatore per avvisarti delle formazioni, o formi tu stesso le scatole?

Questa è una sintesi estrema di ciò che chiamo inversione. È ovvio che se ci sono picchi che rifiutano i livelli o l'inversione è dopo un lungo trend, l'inversione è più significativa.

Prova da solo a trovare l'inversione guardando centinaia di grafici e sviluppa il tuo occhio.

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
[quote = sagi; 13130913] {quote} Pensi che AJ raggiungerà i massimi precedenti in H4? Sul settimanale sembra un modello di esaurimento. Sto aspettando che finisca alla grande,. [/ Quote]

I try to avoid previsions.  This market is unpredictable.  I do trade what I am seeing, take my profit, and escape.

End of the discourse.

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
molto grazie

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
We added EMA50 to help, but our main goal is EMA100. In this photo, it is better not to trade when the price is between EMA50 and EMA100

If you did those two trades you could get 1:2

Do not be greedyyyyyyy

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Alien, do you trade London and US session?  is there any particular difference between them in terms of volatility and market direction that you've noticed and take into account in your decisions?

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
You have around 30 pairs on your screen.. how you monitor all on M1... do you run an EA to trade?

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
Yes of course. I have 3 accounts and I trade with each of them in different sessions. I trade with one of them in 4 sessions because it is in daily time frame and it trades on 40 to 50 currency pairs because I am designing a long-term daily strategy. There are many differences between the London and US session. When we did not have a big move in the London session, we will have big moves in the US session, and vice versa. Usually the currency that is weak in the London session becomes stronger in the US session and many other cases. Not all of these are %100, but they happen a lot.

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
No, I look at M5 and it's a little difficult, but it gets easier when the eye gets used to it. I only have one expert and its name is Trade Panel. To manage trades. I set it to break even when the trade is 1:1 , when 1:2 go to 1:1, when 1:3 go to 1:2 and and and...

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Please, tell us the truth:  what drug do you take to improve the speed of your brain?

I am so suspicious you are not a human being, but really an alien, an extraterrestrial, or a bionic man.

Your observation about the difference between London and New York is smart. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
Yes im not human, Everyone tells me in real life

There are all kinds of creatures in this world, but no one can see them, but they secretly help everyone.

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
AJ, on H4 closed lower than previous high, and now on M5 has a lower high.

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
EUR, the locomotive today.  Value around 1 in Giraia strength indicator.

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
funny my broker does not trigger the tp

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
[quote = ingo3344; 13132580] divertente, il mio broker non attiva il tp {image} [/ quote]

What broker? What pair? how much is the spread?

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
roboforex , chfjpy, m1, 2,5 spread

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
[quote = ingo3344; 13132617] roboforex, chfjpy, m1, 2,5 spread [/ quote]

Not so high the spread. You must see if the price did come back up before to touch the TP with the Ask price.  If not, call the broker...

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
short

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
ask for trade receipts - I can call up trade receipts with my broker - check this thread if you want to know more

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...s-what-is-that

If trading account size is larger than gambling money die Brokerauswahl und Vertrauen in den Broker ist m.E. der wichtigste Punkt bevor man ueberhaupt anfaengt.

,

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
Today was a red day using M5 for me, attempted 5 times, 3 losses and 2 BEs... probably wasn't able to see the market right... bit frustrated!

how was your day Aliens?

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
Aliens,

How do you enter on lower timeframes,

On higher timeframes you can enter on a indecision bar (Up bar with more wicks than body for short, the reverse for long).

But indecision bar are almost insignificant on lower timeframes

Thanks

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
Dear ingo, in M1 We have lot of noise, You have to consider that our SL is very little, so you should set your SL above higher high below EMA100, The price can not easily get there and you will win. but in other time frames you should set SL below o above entry candle.

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
Yes today in london session price was in range. I could only get NZDUSD 1:4 and that's all. in US session i wasnt home. But according to what I said yesterday, we did not have a big move in the London session, but we had good moves in the US session.

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
dear Frag, Each bar contains a trend at a lower time frames. When you set your SL below or above a bar, if the price reaches and crosses it, the trend is changed %90 of the time, even if it is intermittent. This happens a lot when the market is in range and it causes us to lose. But if you notice, this happens less when the market is in trend. So dont trade in the range market.

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
thanks Aliens

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Thanks for your great insight as always. So, do you have a quick effective way of determining a ranging market ?

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
Most traders in the range market are Loser. We chose this method ( Magic100) to filter these items. But if you feel that the market is in range, do not look for high profits and think only of small profits. 1:1 is enough. For example, in the this picture GBPUSD in london session, the market was very noisy, but we could have made a lot of profit with a little thought.

do you see? 6 win and 1 loss.

Mange your trades after 1:1 , Do not leave it.

10 break even are better than 10 loss.

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
they strategy never say you should trade it on M5, the admin said from H1 TF up, there is alot of noise on lower TF. please follow the rules of the strategy. thanks

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
Any strategy can work at any time frame. Depends on the trader and his/her intelligence . Someone builds the strategy and someone improves it and shares it with others and the results are reviewed. Anyway, I have no idea about this method anymore and I do not comment. So continue to rules like a robot. Good Luck!

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
I've read that the market is 70% in range. to see that he's in the range and then erupts, that's what it's all about?  Aliens

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
I can answer too that with Ema 100 in high timeframes we lose too many opportunities. There are disadvantages and advantages to each strategy.  The important is that the strategy is as a glove in your hands and product results. I can offer a strategy, then everybody may adjust conforming to his abilities.

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
[quote = ingo3344; 13133567] Ho letto che il mercato è nel range del 70%. per vedere che è nel raggio d'azione e poi esplode, è di questo che si tratta? Alieni [/ quote]

A sideways market is the nightmare of all traders. For this reason, I am looking or a strong trend or a significant inversion that may start a new trend. The alternative is to play with small trades as Alien has spoken.

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
[quote = Aliens; 13133463] {quote} La maggior parte dei trader nel mercato dei range sono perdenti. Abbiamo scelto questo metodo (Magic100) per filtrare questi elementi. Ma se senti che il mercato è nel range, non cercare alti profitti e pensa solo a piccoli profitti. 1: 1 è sufficiente. Ad esempio, in questa immagine GBPUSD nella sessione di Londra, il mercato era molto rumoroso, ma avremmo potuto realizzare molti profitti con un piccolo pensiero. vedi? 6 vittorie e 1 sconfitta. Gestisci i tuoi scambi dopo 1: 1, non lasciarlo. 10 pareggio sono meglio di 10 persi. {image} [/ quote]

Dear Aliens, you are a master! We have to thank you for sharing a very powerful scalping strategy,

Only one question: for example in GU M1 how many pips is your TP and SL?  5 pips? or do you go by your feeling?

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
well said.... I want also to thank you for your very useful tips and informations...

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
Let us know if you ever decide to start your own thread, will gladly follow along. thanks for all the guidance.

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
Blending Flashpauls use of the CSM on every 4 hour candle (and I look again on the new H1s for current strength) with Aliens dropping to the lowest time frames is a winning approach.  It still takes judgment but the information to win with Magic 100 is there.

Remember, it is not necessary to make 50 pips or more at this each trade.  Targeting smaller pip wins with greater trade size achieves the same strong results.

Once you find you have a positive expectation per trade (maybe over the previous 50 trades) you should gain the confidence of increasing your lot sizes.

This is a hybrid set up using the very good ideas of both traders.  Perhaps it can help your trading.

Clearly both Flashpaul and Aliens are masters at their craft.  We can all learn from both of them.

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
I believe he mentioned that the stop goes below the entry bar and the (I personally use the swing low) and the exit is once he is at 1:1 breakeven, 2:1 stop raised to 1:1, stop reaches 3:1 stop goes to 2:1 and so on.

Im starting to use this way of getting out and is working very well for me, many hits at breakeven but then I also get massive rewards that I would not get normally.

And the most important part for me is that this way takes out emotions out of the exits, before I use to second guess and end up with small profits in otherwise good trades. Now no questions ask, I follow what the price is doing. Many people use this way of getting out. Another option is partial close of positions as they reach the take profits

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Which pairs do you look at at the start of London?

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
Hello guys!

So this is my problem, i have a full time job so i don´t have time to trade on 1 hour chart

my question is: can i trade the 4hour chart with this strategy while being profitable?

will the profit be lower? will my win rate be lower? Is it diferent entry points if i trade the 4 hour instead the 1 hour chart or is the same entry criterias?

Thank you guys

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
You can trade it in any timeframe, the higher timeframe the lower the number of entry's, but entry are more reliable. Some people trade it on the 1 hour chart and others on the 5 min.

I trade it on the 1 min chart

Look also to the weekly chart for confirmation of higher timeframe

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
Wow, on the M1! What tools do you use to set the stop orders and SL?

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
I have an ea, that is for a strategy that no longer use that incorporates the money management so the lot size and so stop is done automatically

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
But do you manually enter the entry price and SL values?

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
No the stop is already set, is a atr stop, I can adjusted manually, and the entry is clicking a bottom from the control panel of the ea

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
No

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
Does anyone have any idea why the yen went down so much?

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
Hi,

Yes it should.

If it is a good strategy.

But in reality it is always more difficult in TF < 1h. Noises

Santé

jf

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
It has been on ''oversold'' in virtually all time frames. It has to correct itself before possibility of going up. I skinned it with the AUdJPY pair. From the last impulse wave, it oversold to the fib extension of 2 and corrected itself back to half of its run

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
I know...we must open a new thread. The scalping opportunity of today with USDJPY.

It is obvious: it is not the only pair good to trade: all pairs linked with USD are good. as AUDUSD, GBPUSD, NZDUSD...

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Never trust the results of a Demo account .Trading conditions in real accounts are very very different.

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
A little while ago I took this trade on M5 on UJ. What's the easiest way to place the trade, other than put the cursor on the candle when it closes, look at the high and low, and then subtract/add one pip on each end, and then place the order?

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
[quote = sagi; 13137589] Qualche tempo fa ho preso questo scambio su M5 su UJ. Qual è il modo più semplice per posizionare lo scambio, oltre a posizionare il cursore sulla candela quando si chiude, guardare l'alto e il basso, quindi sottrarre / aggiungere un pip a ciascuna estremità e quindi effettuare l'ordine? {image} [/ quote]

Do you want an EA which arms the trade with one click, with predetermined Lot,  SL and TP?

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
This is AU in the Asian session. The last trade, could be 1:4, how would you more experienced traders have handled that to get the most out of it?

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
The UJ trade which I took and closed early, went down further. I am terrible at trusting a method or rather a trend. I am always thinking the trend will end, but...... it sometimes goes on and on and on!

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
Thank you. May I ask, to predetermine the SL, do you look at the extreme of the candle you are setting the Stop order to, or do you have a predetermined SL in pips for the TF that you trade, regardless of the candle size?

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
[quote=flashpaul;13137646][quote = sagi; 13137589] Qualche tempo fa ho preso questo scambio su M5 su UJ. Qual è il modo più semplice per posizionare lo scambio, oltre a posizionare il cursore sulla candela quando si chiude, guardare l'alto e il basso, quindi sottrarre / aggiungere un pip a ciascuna estremità e quindi effettuare l'ordine? {image} [/ quote] Do you want an EA which arms the trade with one click, with predetermined Lot, SL and TP? {file}[/quoWow, this EA means business! I put it on the chart, and it took over my existing trades! I think I need to know how to use it!

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
[quote = sagi; 13137734] Il commercio UJ che ho preso e chiuso in anticipo, è andato ulteriormente giù. Sono terribile a fidarmi di un metodo o meglio di una tendenza. Penso sempre che la tendenza finirà, ma ...... a volte va avanti e avanti e avanti! {image} [/ quote]

It is a very common question between traders, and nobody has a magic ball. Only very professional traders may plan an accurate level of price of closing trade.

For mere mortals, there are different approaches.

1) If possible, divide into two trades your investment.  One with TP an the other without TP, but with breakeven and Trailing Stop.

2) Mark a TP equal or more than the SL, maybe using Fibonacci extensions and be happy with this.

3) Use pivot points, trend lines, round numbers to mark your TP.

4) When there is a strong trend during NY, it is easy that this trend goes on to the end of the day.

Personally, I mark a fixed gain depending on the deposit, the pair, and the force of the trend. In AUDJPY, after the opening of the new day, for example, I can be happy with 5 or 10 pips.

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
[quote = sagi; 13137751] [quote = flashpaul; 13137646] [quote = sagi; 13137589] Qualche tempo fa ho preso questo scambio su M5 su UJ. Qual è il modo più semplice per posizionare lo scambio, oltre a posizionare il cursore sulla candela quando si chiude, guardare l'alto e il basso, quindi sottrarre / aggiungere un pip a ciascuna estremità e quindi effettuare l'ordine? {image} [/ quote] Vuoi un EA che arma il commercio con un clic, con lotto predeterminato, SL e TP? {file} [/ quoWow, questo EA significa affari! L'ho messo sul grafico e ha preso il sopravvento sui miei scambi esistenti! Penso di aver bisogno di sapere come usarlo! [/ Quote]

I beg your pardon. This EA is useful if you trade only one pair.  If you trade more than one pair, it closes all trades when hit the TP or SL. Better not use it. Excuse me.

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 15 (PLEASE PM me with EA issues, if you cannot PM, then place a SHOUT on my profile)

Download is ready at:
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

Added a new input, tradeComment.

Users can now enter whichever comments they require. If left alone the EA will place default comments.

Health and safety to all.

Jess

PS: Latest EA version, info, and video sources can be found at https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Can i use strength indicator, to make more odds in our favor

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Do you have instructions on how to set up the settings in the EA?

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
What TF are you talking about? AJ has been going up for months now, and so has GJ, and they rallied on Friday, that is why I asked does anyone know why the yen is going down so much.

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
sagi:

Please PM or place a shout on my profile when asking for EA information.

The EA basically works on the instructions provided on pg1 of this thread.

In the github site, there are 3 videos on how the EA works, and some of the info in inputs.  Please refer to that.
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

Thnx

Jess

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
Hi Jess what about daily profit limits ?? Have you made it work ??

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
sorry i initially didnt get your questions rightly. For me I never did check the news, but from my little analysis from the Jenkins Gann approach, I was able to factor a correction in AJ which I traded with all my heart though the yen has been falling pretty hard against the A and other currencies lately. In the first chat, I applied only the fib on the initial impulse wave, and expected some minor turns in the bull market at some key extension levels. I then finally added the Jenkins gann lines in both the first impulse wave and also in the first swing of the trade, both caught the end of the bull run of the J's weakness and also the first end of the correction where I closed the trade by placing my TP. Notice too that the moving averages are 50, 200, and the magic 100 which acts as a catalyst to show the strength of the Aud against the Yen. I think this helps to show some light why the yen is falling hard against some currencies like the AUD, they are just respecting some universal forces controlling human characters like Gann and Jenkins posited.

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
1

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Thank you very much Jess, great work. I know Minotawr doesn`t like EA`s at all but this one seems very promising. I am testing the EA on smaller timeframes for scalping. It looks great so far

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
what TF are you testing it on?

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
hello, I probably loaded an indicator on my mt4 on it which now paralyzes everything, how do I get into the file to delete the file?

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
If you have another broker MT4 you can open that one, go to files folder and "move down a level", then from "terminal" folder you'll find all of your MT4 data folders, do a search for the indicator, to delete it or rename it (both EX4 and MQ4).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
I am testing it on m5 tf , on E/U so far only. Settings like Minotawr suggested: R:R is 1:3, SL below the signal candle. Many trades, many losers of course, but the money management of 1:3 is bringing me profit almost everyday. I will upload my balance from my micro account tomorrow, so you can see.

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
Yup there are alot of traders that do not like EAs. I too thought the same, but when you know how to code and you know you can emulate exactly what YOU do then that changed it for me. The EAs I create strive to EXACTLY as the creator intended. In fact, if I get more info from the creator I can (and have) incorporated that into the EA. Which then makes the EA mimic even more all the mannerisms and/or ideas of the creator.

I am going to open a can of worms but here goes, lOL.

Do you guys remember that MoTue thread? Well I created an EA for it and I let it run from start end of April and it still running. I took note of the EXACT instructions and that EA is running on forward mode with VERRRY LITTLE intervention. I mean the only time I intervened was like 3 times to close it for PROFIT. To say the truth I basically forget that it is running LOL.

Anyhow if you are interested here is the link the the equity curve this quiet MoTu is producing.  Notice the DD (only 3.2%)  nice...

http://xm7.info/docs/2020.08.31.htm

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
I love EA's.

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
[quote = Juri; 13141293] {quote} Saya sedang mengujinya di m5 tf, di E / U sejauh ini saja. Pengaturan seperti yang disarankan Minotawr: R: R adalah 1: 3, SL di bawah candle sinyal. Banyak perdagangan, tentu saja banyak yang merugi, tetapi pengelolaan uang 1: 3 memberi saya keuntungan hampir setiap hari. Saya akan mengupload saldo saya dari akun mikro saya besok, jadi Anda bisa lihat. [/ Quote]

Bagaimana dengan spread anda?

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
I am running this manually (I don't know how to code an EA  ) but only Mon. Testing what's more profitable, Mon only gave the better results. Tues quite often, and on many pairs, has the bigger range than Mon.

So Monday end trading session I set buy stop and sell stop at box top and bottom and hook up a trade manager.

Anyway, sorry for off topic, just found it interesting that somebody else likes the relaxed approach of the beg week breakout idea.

---

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
Shaishen:

Any EA comments pls PM me. Lets allow the thread discussion to concentrate on the approach.

Jess

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
EA UPDATE: Version 16 (PLEASE PM me with EA issues, if you cannot PM, then place a SHOUT on my profile)

Download is ready at:
https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

Sorry, I forgot to add the new comments to the order.  New input to add comments is ready:   tradeComment.

An update on the detection of Indices, Gold/Silver was also added.   For those of you trying to trade these instruments, let me know how it goes.

Jess

PS: Latest EA version, info, and video sources can be found at https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
watchlist... Eu, UC, all USD pair

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
I put it on 6 pairs and 1:2

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Here my results on m5 timeframe, this is my small micro account. Everything like Mino has suggested. Only Frankfurt/London session. The profit trades overall are just 48%, but you see how the equity curve is going. Of course we have a strong trend on E/U. I am curios how it will gonna be over longterm

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
[quote = Juri; 13146320] {quote} Ini hasil saya di m5 timeframe, ini akun mikro kecil saya. Segala sesuatu seperti yang disarankan Mino. Hanya sesi Frankfurt / London. Perdagangan keuntungan secara keseluruhan hanya 48%, tetapi Anda melihat bagaimana kurva ekuitas berjalan. Tentu saja kami memiliki tren yang kuat di E / U. Saya penasaran bagaimana ini akan berakhir dalam jangka panjang {image} [/ quote]

do you follow the big trends

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
How do you set the EA to use different timeframes? I thought it only did 1 Hour.

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
Looks good, what are the hours you have it trading - GMT 7 to 17?

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
Just place it on a chart of whatever TF you want.

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
Hi guys.Been following for a while.

What brokers do you find the best all round for trading this great strategy?

Also, when one is placing a trade, do you add the spread on to the entry price if buying say Eur/Usd, at 1.181 and spread is 2 so buy price is now 1.183.

Do you then also add the spread on to the stop, also to allow for fluctuations in the price?

Can the fibonacci tool be adjusted to do this of adding the spread on to the bar that you place fib tool on.?

Thanks Pilotpat47

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
Hi everyone!

After some years lurking at Forex Factory, I've decided to contribute to this fantastic community, sharing an Expert Advisor I have coded based on the Magic 100 strategy.

Also I have written a translation to Spanish of the strategy, you can find it at: https://www.x-trader.net/articulos/t...magic-100.html

Hope you like it!

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
very thoughtful of you and you did great.

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
what your thoughts on this trade?

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Hi,

A free tool for those who want to play MAGIC 100 on other < TFs and view EMA 100 on the same graph on other TFs.

It is also a good analysis tool for this strat

Here it is : https://www.mql5.com/en/market/produ...#!tab=overview

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
Aliens and Flashpaul stop talking I think is beacuse now all the talk is about the EA.

Well good luck to them I wanted to learn more form them but I understand

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
Hi,

this is the same strategy as "3 ducks" (ancient good strat)

New is the stop order on contrary candle

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
Hi dear Frag

Thank you for your kindness, but apparently we were changing the rules here, so we didn't post anymore.

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
If you ever open a thread count me in

Take care

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
Thanks, but i don like to open new thread because i dont have anything to say.

After a while, I realized that most traders like automated trading by Experts. So I decided to optimize an expert based on this strategy so that it can earn an average of %2 guaranteed daily. I work hard on it and when I finish I only give it to a few professional traders who are here to test.

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
I have some tricks to use with indicators to avoid ranging markets and things like that, or to really trade with the trend.

But decided not to share and comment on them for the same reason as you mentioned before about changing the strategy. For me is not changing the strategy they are complimentary but ok.

If you are interested write me a private message

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
I don't think you guys were really changing the strategy. You guys were just strengthening it and making it more flexible on other timeframes. I no longer use the Magic 100 strategy but you and Flashpaul improved it's results when i was using it based your additions

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
[quote = Frag8383; 13151104] Aliens e Flashpaul smettono di parlare Penso che sia perché ora si parla solo di EA. Ebbene, in bocca al lupo a loro, volevo saperne di più da loro ma capisco i migliori saluti [/ quote]

I have gone out not for the EA, but because this thread, based only one EMA,  had inspired me to develop another scalping strategy which is far away from the purpose of this thread.

I am looking to develop a simple, essential, quick, and effective strategy where, with a single glance, we know what to do and to take our gain.

When I will be ready, with solid results, I will open a thread of mine and inform you here.

Thank you and my best wishes for the development of your EA.

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
Will be looking forward to that FlashPaul. Goodluck

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
with all due respect .. Not even Jim Simons would make such a statement.

.

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
I'm not Jim Simons and Jim Simons is not me. The thoughts of the people in the world are different and everyone thinks differently. When I say %100, I mean %100 because I have been accustomed to such things for years and I believe that nothing is impossible. It is enough to believe in whatever field you are active in that everything can be done %100 unless something happens that happens to the whole world and not just us. I am not here to prove these things, but I have tried and practiced these methods for years and got results. One of the reasons that %90 of traders in the Forex market lose their money is the same mindset of people like you, and this story always goes on. I apologize

read old posts.

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
[quote = Shaishen; 13153210] {quote} con tutto il rispetto .. Nemmeno Jim Simons farebbe una simile dichiarazione. .[/citazione]

It is possible, but not everybody is Aliens.

Aliens is a living computer. He (or she?) is an EA itself.

Start to believe it is possible, then work on it.

Every day, for all your life.

A mental attitude is everything.

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
Thank you for your praise. We will take what we are used to. My trading method is that I process each currency pair in less than 3 seconds and trade it without emotions. In total, I trade on 30 currency pairs, which takes me 90 to 100 seconds. The loss is not defined for me, but if I lose in a trade, I will immediately gain 5 times the profit on another trade. I only eat once a day and sleep only 4 hours, No one has ever seen statement from me except my broker, who I would have hidden from if I could, Especially until now no one has seen my face because it is not visible and it can not be said that I am a boy or a girl (I was joking) I think you saw the photo in my profile and things can be understood from it

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Has anyone tried this on a daily chart (manually)?  If so, how was your success?

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Here my trades today till now, you remember my balance was 110 dollar less than a month ago and now how much is it? what do you think? and where is Jim Simons!?

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Hi,

Very good job. And on M5 !

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
everything with your strategy or only with magic 100, Aliens

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
Thank, i think you trade in M5 like me and you got the result.

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
4 mixed strategies + Magic 100

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
all your strategies on m5 and not in higher ...

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
This is quite impressive...How is your RiskManagement looks like? You must risking more than the usual "1% rule" or?

Anyway, fantastic result!

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
Only %1 per trade but the number of trades per day is more than 50. Therefore, along with the profit and loss per day, it is possible to make %30 to %100 profit per day, but it is not easy at all. Of course, I also trade in daily time frame, but this account is for M5

For example for today is %25 till now and maybe close all of trades because reversal is coming.

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
Yes I trade on m5 too. A mixed strategy too. Demo wining account

But I can stay all the day in front of my pc...

Health

jf

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
excellent. Continue in the same way and do not get out of your way. Do not look for other strategies. When you repeat a method many times, you will gain extraordinary skill in that method.

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
Yes, I tested it on 28 currency pairs in daily time farme, but it does not work well because daily time frame is mostly in range.

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
Some people asked me about the “Tricks” that I use and the indicators.

The strategy is based on the MAGIC 100 with some variations to void ranging markets and to define a proper pullback.

Is strictly the MAGIC 100? No that is why I have not published before but after people has asked me screw it and I’m posting it here since it may help some people.

The only thing that I ask to those that are interested is to send me any questions in private to avoid to annoying or cluster the thread with questions about this version for those that are only interested in the original system.

Attached zip file with the following documents

PDF with the strategy

Indicators

RSI

SC MTF MA

Candle time

Zig zag High Low

Retracement Finder

MAGIC 10 Template – Frag8383 Version

2 pictures of the examples on the pdf for clearer viewing

PD- SC MTF MA goes in the market folder inside indicators – All other indicators go into the indicator folder

Edited, the previous zip file did not contain the pdf - sorry- now all should be fine

Thanks

I hope it helps

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
here times my approach, with an additional indi, adr . often happens in right trend

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
It looks good. Do you buy when it hits the horizontal blue line? Can you share that indi and how you use it please.

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
the indi I have from the strategy, Daily Trading Strategy [ADR + RSI = High Probability]

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
I don't see these lines on the charts of that other thread youmentioned.

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
I got it, thank you.

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
What are the percentages for on the RH side?

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
I haven't dealt with that

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
Hi,

Thank you for sharing your variants, but apart from the different definition of the trend, the central idea is the Buy or Sell Stop when we have a contrary candle. Nobody kept this point ?

Thanks and good pips all

jf

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
Interesting result, best wishes!

Can you share your 4 strategies ideas?

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
Of course dear, but not in this thread. We will open a new thread soon with the help of friends.

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Hi,

Good news

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
For example look at EURGBP now. price reached to strong weekly resistance and we have a fake breakout and most of traders will buy here but it's wrong because we are on trick form market makers.

after that look at RSI in H4 time frame, RSI is 86 and we have a big reversal.

at the end look at H1 time frame. if price break that level and close below it we can use magic 100 strategy to sell this pair

So dont need to wait for EMA100  Good luck

This is for H1 time frame only not M5

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
the link is not clickable to download it.. the indi

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
That makes sense. Are you waiting for a H1 candle to close below the weekly resistance line?

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
When I place the weekly resistance line it is at 0.9104, and then on H1 it has already closed under that line.

Is your purple line the same on both TFs?

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
No, in the second photo, the support line is lower

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
what is your take on EU?

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
HOw did you get that lower support line? and at what price is it? Is it at 0.9089?

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
I have no idea about that right now because I might be wrong

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
Last Swing on H1 time frame

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
youngjosh, please copy once out of the forum

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
We will be so grateful.

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Of course with your help

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
Ahhh...the good, old counter trend trade. Where traders hurt the most

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
Hello Minotaur!

I have been testing your Robot "xm7_Magic100_EA_v16.ex4"

I try to load it in a window and I get another error window that is already in another installed PAR but the pair's window is the only one open, it does not work. Is it to be installed differently or is it a SOFT error?

Thank you very much anyway. Sorry for my English.

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
HI, I had the same problem.  i was told to press F3, and delete any instances of the EA there, before placing it on again.

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Hello to all, I wonder, does anyone have any stats on the Magic 100 EA when used with the standard 1:2 ratio, on any TF.

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
GBPUSD. Inversion in H1 Sell.  Now I do prefer to look at GBP  pairs in H1 due to more volatility.

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
Hello Sagi, what do you mean by instances, operations (SELL or BUY), windows?

Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Hey Paul, yes this is a great approach. I like to go on m5 or m15 to find the best entrys. Magic100 allows us here to go on the right track directly after retraces

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
when you have your platform open, press F3 on your keyboard and a window will open, delete what's in it.

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
I dont know if I really understand the pattern,

So is it you have a red(bearish candle) bar that has not break the previous low of the bullish bar and them when the low of the bearish bar is broken you enter on lower timeframes or is there more to it than that?

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
ok!

Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
[quote = Frag8383; 13159399] {quote} Non so se capisco veramente il pattern, quindi hai una barra rossa (candela ribassista) che non ha infranto il minimo precedente della barra rialzista e loro quando il minimo della la barra ribassista è rotta, inserisci in periodi di tempo inferiori o c'è di più? [/ quote]

Please read my posts since page 70, nº 1399.  There are many screenshots as figured examples.  I use Japanese candlestick patterns.  The most used are the morning star and evening star.

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Thanks

I will study your examples

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
Hi,

I do the same, H1 / M5

But it is a little discretionary

Price Boat Trading | Page 6 | Forex Factory
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post13153766

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
Some friends sent me a private message saying that your analysis yesterday was wrong. So listen carefully. You do the same things that you always lose.

1. I said if this swing is broken by the candle we will be ready to sell the candle according to the Magic100 strategy

2. Here you can see the swing is broken by the candle and gives us a sell signal

3. But as you can see, the next candle is closed again above the line, so the sell is canceled and you have to think about buying again

4. After that, the line is no longer broken and we just have to buy

If someone has not complied with these cases, then he has the right to lose

Please learn Price Action Practice Price Action

Do not make me angry  ( just kidding )

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
Hey Minotawr, i hope you are in good health.I wanna thank you very much. Magic100 suited me very much

I was happy to catch this boomer (E/G). Because of the EZB, i let my profits run...Looking forward for more

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Yes very good. i got all of them

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
And making an Alien angry can be extremely dangerous.

Never forget it

Cheers friends

jf

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
As you can see in the picture, I was angry today and I had to take profit of all the positions

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
today result till now

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
Wow Completly Alien !

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
But the profit is very low. I'm not happy

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
hello, that's enough, the day is still long

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
Size lot >

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
ingo You are so funny  i  like you

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
Yes Aliens maybe increase the lot size to 1.5 or 2%

You entioned the other day that you do like 50 trades a day so that menas that you mostly scalp. What is your winning %?

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
you mean me or le celte?

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
GBPUSD today.

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
Very good dear Flash

I think next week we will have many and very profitable buy opportunities.

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
I mean you

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
Bravo.you did a really good job.reagards from italy

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
HI Flash,is this bearish engulfing an inversion pattern?

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
[quote = sagi; 13161387] {quote} HI Flash, questo ribassista inghiotte un pattern di inversione? {image} [/ quote]

Sorry to answer later.

Yes.

To confirm, switch to M1.

If the price goes below ema 100 in M1 it is confirmed.

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
Seconda operazione su GBPUSD con una nuova grafica. Non c'è bisogno di passare da una TF all'altra.

I love this pattern.

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
How do you exit?

Im very interested since I also trade the 1 min chart.

Currently I use a trail stop 1:1 breakeven, 2:1 goes to 1:1 and so on

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
[quote = Frag8383; 13161612] {quote} Come esci? Sono molto interessato poiché scambio anche il grafico 1 min. Attualmente utilizzo un trail stop 1: 1 pareggio, 2: 1 va a 1: 1 e così via Cordiali saluti [/ quote]

With GBP, in M1, I take my profit when the price hits the next 25/50/00/75 level.

With other pairs, I am happy with 10 pips of TP.

Of course, depending on volatility.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
I said it in post 1630

Only %1 per trade but the number of trades per day is more than 50. Therefore, along with the profit and loss per day, it is possible to make %30 to %100 profit per day, but it is not easy at all. Of course, I also trade in daily time frame, but this account is for M5

My %Winning is usually %90-95

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
Yes I know that you mentioned 1% that is why I was asking your winning %, being so high you could increas your risk a little bit and you could get to the 30-100 easily. Just risking 1.5%-2%

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
It is true. I can even increase the risk to %5 or %10 but nothing is known in this market and I do not want to lose everything because of greed.

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
I understand that 10% is a lot even with a 90% win rate you can have 2 bad trades in a row and you are in a quick 20% drawdown, then your head start to play tricks with you and even 5% can be a lot although many people trade max 5% but increase to 1.5% or 2% which is the standard used by everyone .

Anyway at the end the important thing is to feel comfortable with what you risk not how much you risk

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
True, but this is for someone who only has 1 to 2 open trades at the same time, but I have between 15 and 30 trades open at the same time, and if I take a 2% risk, and if ( just if ) I lose in all of them, more than half of my account will be lost.

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
15 to 30 trades open at the same time

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
Yeah. If you look at the photos I have posted so far, it is open more than 10 positions.

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
Thank you for the indicator. I placed it on H1 chart and this is what I got. Could you please explain how to use it.

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
Hello frag8383,

thank you very much for sharing your EA.

Also I would like to thank the creator of the thread for sharing the strategy and all other users for publishing their work and experiences with it. All this takes time, which is often short. Especially for beginners like me these contributions are valuable. Thanks a lot.

Next week I want to test your (frag8383) shared files on a demo account. Can you recommend certain TF and Pairs to me? Unfortunately the retracement finder and the Multi tf ma do not work (both in the indicator folder). Do you have an idea what could be the reason?

I ask in the thread, because I can't send you a PM as a junior member.

Last week I tested the EA from xmess7 on H1, M5 and M1. I tried out different CRVs and changed the SL and the trailing-adjustments. However, I haven't found any settings yet that will reduce the loss trades for me. Many trades start green, but do not reach CRV 1:2 or 1:3 and then run into SL (0.5% risk).

Maybe someone else has a tip, too. I am happy about feedback.

Thanks to you

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
Hi dr,butze.

I normally trade lower timeframes with low spread (normally the majors), the system willl work on any pair and on any time frame, at the end is a trend system, what you need to do is find a good trend a retracement and jump in and that will take place on all timeframes, the only thing is that when a timframe is ranging another maybe trending that is why I use the RSI to signal strong trends. If you are a beginner using a demo account I will recommend to look at the 1 min or the 5 min chart, the reason being is that you will see a lot of formations and prices moving around a lot more than if you use the 1 hour chart that you will see only 1 or 2 entries a day and your learning will be quickerand have a lot more screen time. Then when you trade live use the 5-15 or 1 hour timeframe.

Since many people are having problems with the ma and the retracement finder, below you can find a new ema indicator and new template.

The retracement finder is the same as the CCI indicator that you have on the platform, the only thing is that the retracement finder looking for pullbacks looks better. If you prefer the retracement finder but is not working google "Reatracement Finder Indicator MT4" and you can find one that works on your platform.

Remember that the template below is set for the 5 min chart, if you want to tarde other timeframe the only indicator that you will need to adjust is the 2 RSI, on the PDF that I attached on post 1634, I indicated the timeframes that I use. I dont upload the other indicators because they are alredy on the post 1634.

I hope it helps

Thanks

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
Hello, on your second template you have CCI instead of the retracement finder. Why is that? Since you use the retracement finder, could you explain better how to use it - what to look for? It has red, blue and black lines, but I don;t understand your instructions in the PDF. Thank you in advance. BTW, even on the second Template, there is no MA appearing on the chart.

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
Ok I will reply with the private message that I just send you since it explains the same things.

The ema works with the new template, I just check it on my terminal, place above ma indicator on the indicator folder close the terminal and open it again, should work.

I have use the cci because some people told me that the retracement finder was not working for them.

private message to you- explaining about the retracement finder and so on.

Hi Sagi,

I have uploaded a new template on the new post with a ema that should work.

The retracement finder is a CCI period 14, when it crosses 0 the pullback has finish.

If you look the pdf that I post it, you can enter when the CCI-Retracement Finder gets out of +100/-100, a more secure entry but later entry is when the CCI crosses 0 up or down.

I use the retracement finder instead of the CCI because it looks better.

The RSI signals the strenght of the trend, normally what kills trending systems is whe you find yourself on a range. This can happen also when the RSI is strongly trending but is less likely and will definetly happen less times.

Again if you look in the PDF I have placed a table of the timeframes to use for the RSI depending on the timeframe that you use.

On the template attached with the pdf and the latest template is set for the 5 min chart and the RSI is 30 min and 1 hour.

You can trade when one of those timeframes is strongly trending or when booth are strongly trending that is up to you.

The RSI has to be adjusted when you change timeframes it does not do so automatically that is why in your chart apper all mess up, so for example if you want to trade the 15 min chart you will have to go to the RSI settings and chage the first RSI from 30 to 60 and the second from 60 to 240 always using minutes.

I hope it helps,

let me know if you have other questions
Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
The MA indicator works, but it is not part of Magic-100(2) template. Which setting on the MA indi is for exponential? I like your retracement indicator but just need to understand what I am looking for. Here is a chart where I have placed a rectangle to show the section where I have placed a down arrow where a short trade would have been triggered. Can you explain the parameters of the indicators below as to why that would have satisfied the requirements. Otehrwise it is just a normal magic 100 entry. BTW, the MA is 100, type 1 on your indicator.

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
yes it is

In any case if you are having problems

the settings are

100

1

0

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
Like I mention before the Retracement finder is the same thing as a CCI indicator, you can take any oscillator to find pullbacks , stochastic, osma, RSI, any oscillator, I prefer the CCI, now I use the Retracement finder that is exaclty the same thing as the CCI because it looks better.

I use the standard settings 14, when it goes above 100 is overbought and when below -100 oversold. I dont believe in oversold or overbought indicators and things like that, but what it tells me is that is a big enough pullback.

On the vertical line on your chart is a coincidence that is a normal Magic 100 entry and also that the CCI on the previous bar was above +100 and on the vertical line bar the CCI has gone below 100, which is 1 type of the entry

The other entry is to wait for the black line of the Retracement finder that is telling you that the pullback has finish on the next bar, basically the CCI was above 0 and now is the first candle to be below 0 - pullback finish.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
Thank you very much.

The MA in colour is working and i found an alternative for the retracement finder, which works.

It's very kind of you. I wish you a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
[quote = sagi; 13162278] {quote} Grazie per l'indicatore. L'ho posizionato sul grafico H1 e questo è quello che ho ottenuto. Potresti spiegare come usarlo. {image} [/ quote]

My name is Paul. When I was a child I liked a hero of fiction cartoons called Flash Gordon. I loved his speedy. For this reason, I coined this nickname.

I like simple charts and I am not able to follow too many indicators that create more confusion than suggestions.

In the attachment you and all the members of this thread you can find almost all inversion patterns in almost all pairs, TF M1, indicator in 60 minutes, which we could find on the day of yesterday.

With one chart you can follow all pairs.

So, set your graphic in M1 (not H1), mark your clock, and look at the candles of the indicator every one hour.

In the screenshots, I marked with a sign the inversions; I don´t want to explain the meaning of all them; it is intuitive and needs to train your eye. Observing the candlesticks, in one glance you know what to do. When there are spikes and the candle is inverted the previous one there is a high probability of inversion. The inversion is as a wave. Deeper or higher is the spike stronger is the reaction.

Some entries are before the inversion, especially when there is a strong pin candle, how you can see in GBP pairs screenshots. After the inversion, if the price is above or below ema 100 it is a signal confirmed.

Look at if the candles are beating against support or resistance.

Look at if low and high of the candles are increasing or decreasing.

SL is at the low or high of the last candle. R:R may be 1:1 or more.

There is another option: to open the trades and to close all when you hit your daily gain. But this is a question which has to be talked another time.

Good weekend

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
Thank you.so is it correct that the black line is the first line when it goes from one side of zero to the other?

YOur short example chart in the PDF - Can you please put an arrow on your chart - I don't understand where your entry was and why? Was this entry later or earlier than the simple Magic 100 entry?

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
I cannot edit the charts right now, I'm writing from the mobile

Yes is correct the back lines is when the CCI goes from one side of zero to the other and that is the entry since it signals the end of the pullback

The entry on your chart is correct

Booth rsi below 45

Zigzag lower low and lower high

CCI goes above 100

Entry on the black line ending the pullback

On this occasion the entry was later but if you want you could have entered earlier when the CCI went below +100

You can enter half position when the CCI goes below 100 and the other half when the pullback has finished

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
[quote = xmess7; 13139089] {quote} sagi: Bitte PM oder einen Shout auf mein Profil setzen, wenn ich nach EA-Informationen frage. Der EA arbeitet grundsätzlich nach den Anweisungen auf Seite 1 dieses Threads. Auf der Github-Site gibt es 3 Videos zur Funktionsweise des EA und einige Informationen in den Eingaben. Bitte beziehen Sie sich darauf. https://github.com/xmess7/Magi100 Danke Jess [/ quote]

Hello xmess7, thank you for creating and sharing the EA. I know that this costs valuable time and free sharing is not a matter of course nowadays. Thanks a lot.

I am a beginner and am currently testing the ea on a demo account with different settings.

Today I tested it on M5 with XRPUSD (at Roboforex I have the lowest spreads (compared to the other cryptos) on that one at the weekend. The SL is set with usebar1_HLo TP is 1:2 and Size is 0.5%. I have often observed that the trade goes into the green but does not hit the TP and then runs into the SL. I want to counteract this with trailing.

So I simply set set trail stop to 2 PIP. Then a sell trade was opened at 0.2450. The original SL was 0.2485. But even if the price was almost at the TP the SL was not followed. Probably because of my inexperience but I thought if the price was 0.2448 then the SL was adjusted to 0.2483. Or do you have to set BE for that?

Which meaning has set step delta in this context?

Sorry for the stupid questions, but I am at the beginning and would like to learn more.

Thank you very much for your help.

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
Hi Frag, I am looking at the M% EURUSD chart today, Asian session, and trying to figure out the RSI and Retracement indi. It seems that the REtr. indi is red when the price goes up and blue when the price goes down. The RSI is black on both, so does that mean a ranging market?

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
Correct

Black on both Rsi means ranging market

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
I am also finding that , using the EA on 5 pairs, the average loss per day is over 2%.

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
Hi,

M5 or M15. But need trend as always ...

Green pips to all

jf
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
Hi,

You have just to change colors in settings. Nothing else. Simple.

Perhaps a new thread. Because nothing to do with MAGIC 100

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
I have the color changed, because when is blue it shows to me that the trend is up, and when red is down, but like le celte mention is just prefrence you can change the clor in the settings to the colors you like

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
Which moving average you use for the obv, I have used on other ocasions the same trend confirmation obs with an ma, the ma set at 21

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
Here in the picture it's ema 100 and OBV 50.

But i try also MA 200 or 50. It's good ... when we have good trend

Belle soirée

jf

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
This thread has become a trading course for Sagi with a strategy which is nothing about Magic 100.

I have answered to Sagi with a long explication and with many screenshots and nothing has been considered neither with one answer.

He is a manipulator which wants the red carpet below his feet, annoying everybody with his boring questions, avoiding using his little brain to make any personal understanding effort.

Definitively going out, I wish good luck to everyone.

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
Can we please stay on the MAGIC 100 strategy guys???

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
Sagi Flashpaul is right, you are concentrating on little details that are not relevan instead of playing around with the different templates that have been offered to you.

Worry about entries and exits and not if they indicator is read blue or yellow, like I mentioned you can change the settings to the color you want.

I will not provide more answer to the template that i provided, I did it with the best intentions and mentioned that any questions to be send to me via private message, now people is complainning again.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
My apologies.

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
I completely agree... This Sagi is really annoying everybody and making this thread dying....

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
Hi Ingo, this looks very helpful, Many thanks !

Are you using the default settings on this?

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
hello, yes normal settings, haamidfx

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
Hi,

Is somebody try MAGIC100 with RENKO bars ?

Here box = 20 pips

Seems much easier and more confortable ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
Many thanks for the idea. Can you tell us (especially for beginners like me ) something about the used indicators, TFs, pairs, the EA settings and your results so far?

Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
Hi,

It's too early, I just thought about it yesterday. But looks promising using this thread's original technique: opposite candle buy / sell

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
ok - Thank you

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
Could someone who is trading this strategy as described on page 1, on H1, share results please.

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
Hey. What indicators do you have on the chart.

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
@Sacha1

Bonjour,

- PBF_fast_3MAs

- RenkoStreet_Channel

(And ema 100, not sure it is useful with Renko and others indies)

Santé

jf

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
[quote = le celte; 13177606] @ Sacha1 Bonjour, - PBF_fast_3MAs - RenkoStreet_Channel (И ema 100, не уверен, что это полезно с Renko и другими инди) Santé jf [/ quote]

bottom left risk indicator???

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
An indy tinkered by myself. (I'm not programmer)

You can find here on FF some : size lots calculators...

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
i hope @Minotawr is well and healthy...? he hasn't be online for long.

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
Yess two months!

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
We don't know. He doesn't reply my last emails, altought we had very good conversations before. I think something serious happend.

Stay healthy you all out there , these are strange times

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
Oh no.  I'll add him/her to my prayer list.

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
I just hope I'll get the opportunity to thank him for this wonderful strategy. it has helped me to stop running from one thread to another looking for a strategy.

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Hi le celte,

Would you mind sharing the indicator top left corner placing an order; Buy/Sell-stops and exit please?

Thanking you in anticipation.
Hercs.

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
Hi,

This is an ea that I tinkered with myself to suit my needs and I am not a programmer. Just a handyman. I still have to work on it to be able to put the lots

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
Hi all,

I like a lot this method.

Has anyone had good results with the xmess' EA ?

Thx.

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
Last week 10% growth let's see tomorrow what happens.

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
congrats - did you get the results with trading this strategy manually or with an EA?

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
Hi, can you please share more details - what pairs, what TF, and what times of day?

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
I will share my set files after two three months let me monitor this for a while!

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
Thank you very much - that's very nice of you - I'm looking forward to it

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
just in here and trying to learn this method... does anyone already make EA for this method?

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
Is this a correct entry?

Red arrow signal candle, enter below signal candle, SL above signal candle and 2R

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
GBPUSD also setting up for possible long?

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Hi Fantuz,

Both these trades go against the main teaching of Minotawr.

I suggest you have a good think about Post# 1 and Post# 106.

David

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
Yes that's correct.

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
[quote=ingo3344;12949717]hello, de 30, the first trade worked great. {image}[/quote

Kindly share the Oscillator and settings you are using

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
Hi anilamil, I posted an EA a few posts ago, you can find it here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post13147846

If you try it, please share your results, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
Your EA does not attach to the chart, mate

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
Guy i wanna open a group in telegram , just to the Magic100 strateg! Where we would share our entries and potential opportunities!

What do you guys think?

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
Hi Guys. I am new to the forum and also Forex (~4 month in). My goal is to write EAs for auto trading (Also new to MQL4 and PineScript too!)

Anyway I came across this thread and found that my current strategy is pretty similar to the Magic 100 (mine is more picky, only on EURUSD m15, ~53% win rate but less trades). So I just think might as well backtest the Magic 100 on EURUSD H1 as the most original form.

I did add one more confirmation for trending market, which is a 20EMA and to enter a trade the 20EMA must be also trending down or up (20EMA[1] > or < 20EMA) in the last 3 hours. It does help preventing entries at trend exhaustion and approaching reversal.

Just for comparison, I also backtested another version with StopLoss buffer, which was 1/3 current ATR, one that I use often in testing new strategies (for no reason, just randomly pick the 1/3 multiplier)

I backtested EURUSD H1 from Jun 2020 to 6 Oct, as some "trades" on 7 are not closed yet.

I also included spread of 0.9pips, as many brokers offer <=0.9pips unless near market open/close. So a 2R win is really winning 2x the risk.

Here are the results.

1. No SL performed better than having a SL. The win rate actually went up by 1-6%

2. 2R (win rate 39%) performed better than 1.5R (win rate 42%).

3. The return for 2R/noSL combination gave a staggering 45%/4mth return (compounded by fixed % risk. Or 23% if fixed $ risk)

For some unknown reason, Jun 2020 was a very bad month for Magic 100. The drawdown was >15% with 14 losses in a row!! Anyone has idea what happened? Or is this strategy not profitable in a long run? Maybe an additional indicator to avoid this situation? Any suggestions on further backtesting are welcome

Enjoy

Update 8/10

** Sadly I would say the Magic 100 only works well in these 3 months, the basic Magic 100 strategy is not consistent.

With help of TradingView script the backtest can be very quick even manually. Backtested last 12 month on EURUSD H1.

Result was miserable...  A DD of 50%. Even Jun-Sep2020 was very profitable, overall still a loss after 12 months

==== 12 Months (Oct2019-Sep2020) ====
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So sad to see this.

==== Jun to Sep 2020 ====
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
HI Aliens,

You are working on this? Great! I believe that 2% daily is definitely achievable. I look forward to being one of the people to test this. Kind Regards,Sagi

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
Thank you tommydoginti! This is awesome. Did you pay in account that Minotawr only trading in the Frankfurt/London session? And can you provide us the results with 1:3 R:R?

Nice work, man

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
My current EA is more picky and in essence is only looking at 1-bar pull back with trend confirmation by multiple trendlines, also avoid trading between MAs. It improves win rate a bit but reduces number of trades. 2% a day is crazy hah wish you best of luck.

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
Hi Juri,

i wouldn't recommend diving into the raw Magic 100 strategy because of its inconsistency. This need some additional filters but I cannot think of one yet.

In my early months (well... just like 2 months ago), I did some intensive statistics on optimal R:R on similar trade concept, and my conclusion was 1.1R (include spread) or a combination of 1.1R+2~2.5R trailing strategy worked best in May-July, on EURUSD 15M. Any targets >2.5R were basically losing with exceptionally low win rate. Of course I cannot say for other pairs coz I haven't tried them out yet. This type of strategy, as not aiming sniper-type entries, may work better with low R:R to boost win rate.

I also played with the Simple 1-2-3 strategy in another thread, that one favors more sniper-entries, if you look for a high R:R strategy. Just again that strategy needs a twist to make it profitable.

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
Hello.

Every expert has a problem that is not easily solved. If we want to reach a complete expert, we have to work very carefully and it may take a few months. If we build expert like everyone else, we are just wasting our time and causing harm to others.

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
Don`t get me wrong, you are a few months in the forex market and judge a profitable system that provide profits over the years? Chooow...people on forex factory

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
He "judged" it only over 3-4 months, and said so openly (the 3-4 months over which he has backtested it). Thanks for being so welcoming to new members.

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
Yea totally agree 3-4month to 1-yr backtest is nothing  Also I only tested EU because of its lower chance of bouncing back to hit SL.

My full time job involves statistics, so it's my style to analyze with stats. I found the win rate of the strategies tested have reverse correlation to R:R and can fit in an equation. 1:3RR with the backtesting rule I followed was less profitable then 2R, sweetspot was somewhere at 2.2.

My another consideration to "judge" was max DD of -45R in past yr plus staying in negative territory for long. Small acc traders probably have considered giving up this strategy if not blown up the acc already.

With lot size and risk management held constant, I would prefer a "cautious" strategy with less DD even meaning less profit.

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
What do you guys think about this trade?

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
Hello. I do not know which pair this is, but it is not a good entry because the price is coming back and it is far from the EMA100. I hope it gives you 1:2 and I was wrong.

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
I'm Ok with Aliens

but if we stick to the basic strategy of Minotawr, it's a good entry ...

cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
This is AUDJPY and I was also in that one. aiming recent high as TP, unfortunately didn't play well, looks like price want to go for deeper pullback. Nevermind, this one failed, let's move on, still in my watchlist for today.

Stay safe and green.

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
We should not enter the position when the price is above the EMA100 and breaks a low and vice versa. That's what happened here, and that's the reason you lost.

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
I don't think we have broken low, I added fractals and this would be double bottom let's say, but I agree that price has not same momentum. But yeah I watching closely what you comment and try to get most out of that as your skills, experience and results speak for themselves

Attachment g

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
what do you mean breaked a low?

can you point it out in the grapic the moment when the price broke the low and what low it was please?

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
If you were referring to the slight pullback at the bearish bars at 14:00 or sometime around 18:00 as shown in the pic, then your rules requires a very strong trend?

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
Dear kapybara & jandelichte & tommydoginti Listen to me carefully.

Do not add indicators. Do not trust the indicator. Set the indicator aside.

Do you see the last swing in the picture? Did the fractal indicator show it? You might say it's not scientifically a swing, but it really is. Put science aside and see for yourself what you say.

1. The last swing is formed

2. Broken down by the candlestick

3. Pullback hit that swing

And then the price comes down

These words are out of here

I have to give you a training class And peel your skin  hahhaa

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
Thanks C Fu (Master)!

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Hi guys,

First attempt, would this be a correct entry? I'm still halfway of the thread.

Many thanks,

CGN

GBPUSD H1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
Can you please upload your indicators and the template ? thanks

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
According to Minotawr's first post,

All you need is:

1/- a strong trend - this is the most important thing.

2/- a 100EMA - this is a visual aid to help us view the trend.

3/- common sense - my observation of people and life, in general, has shown me that common sense is really, very uncommon LOL.

4/- We only take trades in the direction of the trend! - the number 1 point is again reinforced.

So...

1/- Do you think that it is a strong trend?

I don't, it started out as a slow tight move down and then lept down for a few bars.

2/- Are we below the 100 ema cue? yes.

3/- To me, it just looks wrong, too volatile, big candles up and down, large wicks on the candle you are trading, that candle has given you a very large stop-loss, what are your chances of getting a 3:1 reward off that?

4/- Price is trending down but not nice enough for me to want to pursue it. The charts on Post 1 look a lot different to the one you are trading.

So to me, that's just 1 out of 4, not enough reason to trade.

Just my thoughts ...

David

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
Thanks David,

Agreed, I managed to set the order on BE, I definitely have to be patient and wait for a better set up.

Many thanks,

CGN

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
Here you go!

Best,

CGN

Attached File(s)   MAGIC 100.zip

153 KB
|
765 downloads

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
Thanks!!

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
Gracias!

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
Did all the Magic vanish?

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
Using xmess7 EA in supervised fashion - it picks entries and I manage positions manually - works pretty good.

.

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
Looks like it

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
Thanks - Can you say a bit more about your rules?

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
There are no 100% if then rules - I check the higher TFs for trend direction/strength. Assuming I find let's 4 pairs that qualify I active the ea on the lower TF. The ea acts  like a signal with active entry triggers. It helps to eliminate emotional decision making/hesitation.

The SL is set by the EA which should keep me out of serious trouble - once a trade is active I check the chart and evaluate if it makes sense to keep the trade running/ set TPtargets/scale outs. If the trade entry looks under-promising early on I close it.

.

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
Shame the thread is dying. I am going to get screen shots of the first threads.

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
Use the H1 setups,he explained fully well about type 1 and 2,if you have a scalping system drop to M1 and simply make money,it's very easy.....this is one of the best FF threads,can't get much simpler than this,those who are having problems drawing S/R or S/D can use the lines drawn CS1/CS2 on the break and retest.

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
Hahaaa...

And you have  M1 trading system? Show us the results!

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
Once EA's take over, so does the thread. Sad really.

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Because people want to get rich without effort, but they are completely wrong because they will lose more day by day.

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
Absolutely - a shame, but not a shock. (As mentioned above, once the EAs take over ...)

This is actually one of very few methods described and explained in the forum which are not only based on completely sound underlying principles but can also easily be proven to be profitable both on any kind of backtesting and by forward trial.

There are many people quietly making their livings (I know some of them - mostly former institutional traders) trading variants of this method.

The beauty of this is in its simplicity. It can relatively easily be traded by those without a lot of experience.

My own perspective is that as long as you have a return-to-risk ratio of more than 1.0 (even if it's only a little bit more than 1.0) and a win-rate above 50% (even if it's only a little bit above 50%), you can't come to too much harm, with position-sizing appropriate to allowing for the occasional long losing run.

Admittedly, one or two of the thread's early claims (e.g. a steady, consistent 20% per month profit!) can be taken with a pinch of salt, but for all that, this method is one of the ones that can be traded in that way, with something like a 1.2 or 1.25 positive R:R, and overall win rates above 50%. All it requires is discipline, patience and some understanding of why it works.

I also know people trading this (more or less) with win rates far above 50%, and reward-to-risk ratios below 1.0 (the beauty of this being, of course, that even in comparatively inexperienced hands, bad losing runs can be avoided and gradual, steady account growth achieved.

Threads of which all the above is true do tend to have a limited lifespan, though, and effectively linger in the archives until, often years later, some enterprising soul tries to bring them back to life by bumping them with the occasional observation about how successful they can be.

But they're not "flashy", and they have little-to-no appeal to the automation groupies whose real motivation and pleasure comes from the gadgetry rather than from the income.

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
You found a joke somewhere??????? Do I really need replying to you....i'll think about it,keep waiting for an answer.

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
I do not need your answer and I do not need your strategy. I just needed your trading results when I realized there was nothing. Anyway good luck!! ))

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
If you guys were decent I'd send my telegram channel/group,seems like you all still hungry for trading strategies,you;re being ignored so speak with yourselves!

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
Ah merci monsieur au revoir et bonne chance

Ah thank you sir

Good bye and good luck

jf

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
Oh, really? Do you really have a telegram channel? Poor people who are there

Maybe you can ignore me here, but you can not ignore me in your mind, because as you know, the profit from my trade in one day is equal to your 1 year profit. You can not forget and ignore this.

Anyway hahahahaaaaa....

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
Hello dear. how are you? Whats up? How are you doing these days with trade?

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
Hi friend Aliens,

Nothing very good but nothing bad

Take care

Cheers

jf... an earthling

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
I know the market is not good at all these days and it is moving in any direction and trading has become difficult.

I have participated in a competition and I have to increase my account 20 times in the next two months and the market conditions have made me nervous, so I have completely changed my strategy.

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
Thanks for the news Aliens

Belle journée

jf

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
sl unfortunately too short, you always learn

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
Your SL was wrong.

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
Minotoawr has always placed this under the candle of the entrance

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
That's right, but we should not trade exactly what is said. It takes a little creativity and sometimes we have to develop a strategy for ourselves.

And that's why most trades are losers ingooooooo And do not constantly change your strategy. I see you in all the forums and you trade in any way and this is wrong. Make a strategy for yourself.

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
I look at myself a lot, but I only trade magic 100 and my strategy in m5

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
@ Aliens (Your Status)

Is Switzerland a landing platform for all Aliens?

Did you come to learn Forex or to teach earthlings how to trade?

Keep healthy friend

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
Hello my friend.

I am not from Switzerland. I am from a place far away from all of you. I chose Switzerland because my place was not on the list.

And yes, I'm interested in helping people and I guide as much as I can.

I have many students in the world but none of them know me and it is better that they never know me.

I do not know any language and all my sentences are translated automatically.

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
jf celtic man
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
then continue to translate

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
anyone still trade this?

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
This is just another guaranteed loser forex system.

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
this system is bad,I dont know what is motivation to post such systems

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
You couldn't be more mistaken.

You might like to read Quickly's post above (post 1799 on page 90) and ask yourself why people who have been involved in the trading industry (successfully) for many decades recognize this as being one of the few methods here that are actually based on something real, that have such great potential.

Or, of course, you might just carry on moaning and not understanding what you're talking about. Actually that's probably more likely, isn't it? If either of you had ever read a decent price action book in your lives, you might react very differently, but I suppose that's asking too much. The method outlined here is actually a great, albeit simplified, convenient version of the basic teachings of some of the world's most successful traders and educators.

It's getting to be a bit of a waste of time, posting anything sensible and practical here. I'm not surprised the thread's original poster doesn't bother any more.

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
So you are a successful trader of this method?Making a fortune?Living the dream of a successful forex trader? I doubt it.

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
Hello sir

I am new to FX trading

Can you share this indicator please

Thank you

Raj
raj724775@gmail.com

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
Hello sir

I am new FX trading

Can you please share this indicator

Raj
raj724775@gmail.com

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Hello guys,

I made an EA for this trading system, please check

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
MA Period in EA has to be to set to 100 right?

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
Yes you can check in the EA parameter

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
Hello my friend. I read all the ff posts one by one. I could not understand that you changed such a good strategy. I think he used magic 100 very well. I wish we could benefit more from their knowledge and experience. I studied the system a lot, it gave me a lot. I'm tired of losing.

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
alien is simply unique

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
Well, the indicator detail can be a little flexible.

I've seen it traded with an 80 or 125 moving average instead of 100, and with two (e.g. 75 and 150) to give the directional bias.

The point is that the indicator is used only for directional bias, and the entries determined by price action, along Al Brooks lines.

This is why it works.

To dismiss this as "a bad system" or "another guaranteed loser", as a couple of people did, above, is just spectacularly ill-informed!

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
One of the best ways to trade.

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
Hi dear friend

Every system and strategy has flaws that we need to fix.

I spent many years reading the basics of the market, including Elliott and Price Action. I talked a lot with the market elders and the big boys and used their experiences. After reviewing their methods and strategies, I came to the conclusion that they used that method in their trades and were always successful. They used Moving averages to detect and confirm trends in the market, and I always saw them on their charts, but I never realized them until I realized the power of Moving average because, like other tools, they do not lie to us.

If you want my opinion, do not look for market analysis because the market is full of tricks and tricks and just look for a great strategy because it leads you to the market leaders and 90% of the time you are successful and then you get tired of high profits.

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
Thank you my friend. You are also a very good trader.

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
Just out of curiosity you use exponential or simple moving average or other type of moving average?

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
Hi Frag. I'm glad to see you here after a long time.

I only use EMA because they are more reliable and sensitive.

I use EMA200 and EMA100 for long term and trend detection and use EMA50 and EMA20 for midterms trading and scalping.

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Nice to see you gain too, I hope you are enjoying the holidays.

Being away of trading the last couple of months, but everything looking good now and waiting to start trading again at the start of next year

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
Did I understand magic 100 strategy correctly when using m5 and m15 ema 20 and ema 50?

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
thank you. I hope you are successful in trading next year and if there is a problem in trading, raise it here so that we can all solve it together.

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
I hope they were some trading problems,

There were some family issues and had to stop trading.

But now is all good.

Thanks for your support. Happy to share ideas and help

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
This is Magic100 strategy, means it is based on EMA100.

We will add EMA50 and EMA20 for better confirmation. If we do not add them, there will be no problem.

The main problem with this strategy is the location of the stop loss, which is a bit misinterpreted in post #1.

Stop Loss should be at the top or bottom of the last swing in each time frame ( not last candle )

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
Oh I'm really sorry to hear that.

I hope all the problems are solved so that you can trade with peace of mind.

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
your answer would have removed many question marks. Thank you. the method looks really profitable. What I need to do now is to put aside the emotions and act in accordance with the rules with 1% risk management.

your answer would have removed many question marks. Thank you. the method looks really profitable. What I need to do now is to put aside the emotions and act in accordance with the rules with 1% risk management.

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
Money and risk management is ridiculous for this strategy. This strategy wins most of the time.

My suggestion to you is to trade 0.02 fixed Lot size for every $ 1,000 but trade on 10 currency pairs at the same time And close them all at Basket profit.

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
This was an interesting and justified advice. Thank you. You made me change a lot, my friend. I wouldn't take any action on the M5 normally due to noise instability. I found all the indicators unnecessary. these have changed.

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
not reliable in small timeframes, to much noise

or you need to choose quiet period with small time frames

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
I was thinking so. I realized when I examined it that noise is also on your side in this system. At the end of the day or at the end of the week, the situation is positive, as long as you keep giving up.

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
your welcome dear,

If you want to trade on many currency pairs at the same time, you have to trade in 1 hour time frame, but if you want to trade on 1 or 2 currency pairs, 5 minute and 15 minute time frames are suitable.

Please note that in low time frames the number of trades increases and so does the number of losses.

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
does anyone buy this ?

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
eurcad triggered. is he out does it go down?

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
Thank you Aliens for all your tips!

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
This situation was related to Tokyo session and we did not take it, but I traded on GBPUSD , GBPJPY, EURGBP in M5 today and it made a lot of profit and it is enough for today.

150 pips in total with 35 Fixed lot size.

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
your welcome dear, I hope it helped.

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
Congratulations my friend. I hope you get more profit

Did you catch the position in the photo?

Did you catch the position in the photo?

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
Thank you.

Yes exactly this position.

I see you are using Super trend indicator. very good mixed indicators.

Set 10 for period and 4 for multiplier in super trend for best signals.

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
trend magic indicator is compatible with the name of the subject.  I am looking forward to you starting a business related topic. especially involving small time frames. I know that taking lengthy processes is not appropriate in my psychology. So I want to go ahead with a strong strategy on m5 and m15.

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
It's great. You will succeed.

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
this one look pretty good for shorting

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
Long nzdusd, still have pretty much room for entrying

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
nice that it goes on here

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
We should trade on NZD and AUD pairs in the Asian session and on GBP and EUR in the London and US sessions.

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
My Trade for today

What do you guys think?

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
this is new info, can you tell me why is it

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
Bear's trend is over

it is sideway, im havenoidea

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
why do you say bear trend is over?

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
draw a line or you can use 20sma, you will see my point. sideway it can do anything, the mm is winner

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
This is not new info, any trader knows this if he/she really knows the market.

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
I guess I'm really a havenoidea . when i was in 7 grade, i was slept in math class, i still made A, but one day, i could not solved a simple equation that everyone could do. i still dont know why hm...weird thing

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
Because you got a passing score without math information because you were asleep.

Several years ago, exactly the first day I met Trade, on the first day, without any knowledge of Trading, I was able to double my account, but when I told everyone, they laughed at me. I had a photo of that trade and I always kept it until I lost it and I was very upset.

If I wanted to continue with the same thoughts of the first day and with the thought of multiplying the account, I would not have succeeded today. I tried to understand the concept and nature of the market, and today I dare say that if there are 100 traders in the world who are successful in their trades, I am one of them, and if one day I compete with them, I will certainly be first. But I am limited.

So try and try and try...

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
Long Audusd

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
Short UsdSgd

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
i know, those first days, making money was fun, enjoyable. i still have one of my old account statement picture.

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
when the trade fails is either because the pullback, pullbackcked a little bit more and hited stoploss or either because the pullback turns out to be a reversion and the trend ends...

is there a way to filter these situations at least some of the times? ( 100% is not possible)

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
post example pictures

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
Select position close to 100ma,

Fibonacci, trendline, divergence, oscillator,

Anyway, another analysis method.

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
Short Gbpaud

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
Why don't you show the actual trade?

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
hope this help you improving your trades basing on magic100 strategy

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
Clear as mud,thanks for nothing.

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
Seemed fairly clear to me - and a nice enough chart that pretty neatly illustrated an example of exactly the principles of the system as explained in the original post.

What's your problem?

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
i guess you want all my knowledge, my experience too

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
i used part of magic100 idea, 1/2 trade was enter early, 1/2 trade was base on magic100.

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
Short Usdjpy

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
I have read all these posts on this strategy. I think the main point that most people are missing is “you have to wait for the pullback”. You can wait for the candles to mark your entry but that does no good if you are too far away from the 100 EMA. You need a pullback for this strategy to improve your results.

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
I'm out, I'm might be wrong about this trade, Usdjpy

took some lost

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
Long Audcad

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
Hello everyone, I really like this thread. I have been following them from the beginning, and now I signed in as a member in the Forex Factory.

We are in contact.

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
Hello.

Welcome to forex factory dear,

I hope the content is useful for you and one day you will be the best trader here.

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
Good morning,

I can see that it is easy to draw lines and see the entry levels and SL when the charts are drawn, but we never know what the next candle will do, it is all uncertainty.

Do we have to be brave and enter the market if we can have a perhaps correct vision?

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
Short Gbpusd, Cant win ALL THE TIME, close the trade for a lost

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
Very nice btcusd short trade today and gold I was only short in it

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
nice catch, my acct cant trade bitusd, wow its still bearing

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
long gbpchf

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
Good morning Havenoidea, can you indicate or draw on the screenshot where your entry point is? thanks.

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
Unfortunately "havenoidea" actually has no idea at all,I've asked the same question of this clown and he won't give a straight answer...typical of the forex dreamers.

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
Read post #1 for clearing detail

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
Thanks Hevenoidea, can see that more entry points keep happening after yours.

Have you placed SL for this trade?

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
good morning to you!

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
i wish i have no idea, i wish i never never get into this business it is a hassle

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
Hello, there would have been my entry, a nice reset

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
GbpNzd's looking good for longing, add it to watchlist yall

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
you can set sl 10-15 pips for h30'' charts

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
that was my entry, unfortunately I followed the sl too early. sometimes I'm not sure

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
nice catch, how you got out by sl, it wasnot pullback to the highest point

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
it is time to long GbpNzd

yall can wait for the candle closed above the yellow line, if yall wanna follow the rule. For me i enter at this point

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
update trade 37+pip already, still good for entry

lol, while i post the trade here, it went up ..., i decide to add more again

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
whoever follow the GbpChf trend, at this point, the trend it is done its job, it is over, it can go up higher, but who know what next, i have no idea anyway kaka

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
GBP does not go higher than this and it is time to reversal. so dont trade on this.

But GBPCHF correlates with 2 currency pairs ( GBPUSD &  USDCHF ) and we have to see how they behave.

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
I love this system 'cause it is simple, effective, and profitable.

Just a minor opinion from me: I wait for the current candle to close (i) and breakout from the previous retracement candle (ii) then enter.

It because the pending orders could be activated and unfortunately, the retracement continues then stopped out.

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
Respect to OP for the thread, i know what it takes. If I may add a couple things. Knowing where to put SL and TP needs info knowledge as does knowing entry. Please see my attached chart GBPJPY. Note the Blue horizontal lines. These are stop loss clusters of our fellow retail traders. If you are to put a SL place it away from the clusters. also if you are expecting a move toward the MA, you can see how far it will go as the stop loss clusters will be a target for MM's. Note also the order book. note what happens , but note on a lower TF. I also attach a VMA which will also keep you out of whipsawing action. No more from me here as I don't want to impose on OP's thread. I don't mind pm's after you study whaT i laid out. Set the VMA to whatever period want. Attached File(s)   ADXVMA6_16bar.ex4

5 KB
|
287 downloads
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
Gbpnzd got another long signal again

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
Long Cadjpy

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
long Audchf

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
what do you guys think about this trade?

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
Nice catch, tp @ 1.5375 is good enough. After that point, the market is unknow

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
Hi @xmess, would you mind sharing the mq4 of your EA? I'm trying to learn how to code EA's ,and it would be very great if you can share it. If not, at least teach me some things like how you did the Pairs To Trade input parameter, or the MAxTradesPerDay, etc.

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
this is a very good one Jan

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
Has anybody tried the magic100 system on daily? Since Mino had advised to put it on the higher timeframes as well...My short visual back test looks very promising. Due to my regular job i am doesn´t able to trade H1.

I will give it a go, but more infos from other traders may help.

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
Thanks Aliens for your thoughts here, very usefull. You looks as an very experienced trader, how about to take over the thread as an expert and guide others on this topic, since Minotawr doesn´t posting here anymore?

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
Thank you very much Juri, I am at your service to guide you. I think Minotawr is gone forever.

This strategy does not work in daily timeframes. I tested it for 1 month and got no results.

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
Thanks, sir!

I fear so...

OK. Wow, this doesn´t sound good. I was looking forward to do that, but now...

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
You have to try it yourself but it does not work.

M15 and H1 are the best time frames.

I will soon explain how to trade this strategy professionally.

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
That is a lie! it does work, you just have to take good entries... i been watching you on this thread, and i have to say i dont like you or what you preach here. You are not a good influence

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
too bad - I am also looking for a suitable D1 strategy for me. Since I often only get in the evening to look at the charts

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
You have to spend years in front of the screen to understand it. So he can understand what he says. You raise your own statistics. The only profile I follow on Ff. I wish he shared more

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
We are looking forward..

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
You say I'm a liar? You do not like me? So let me explain completely so that everyone understands. 1 month ago you subscribed to me and then started texting and asked me a question about how to trade because you were unable to trade and I showed you the way but when you did not understand my answers ( Because of your little brain) then you unsubscribed me, and it only comes from an abusive and stupid person.

Didn't you like me when you asked me for guidance? It's funny

I think people like you will never succeed in Forex or even in life.

You can ignore me.

Thank you very much my friend zuzu. I do my job. Some people do not understand anything and expect a magic and a miracle, but this miracle is within us.

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
Long Nzdusd

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
LOL

You tested it on daily timeframes for ONE MONTH?!

There are, unfortunately, many people here who lack the experience and understanding to appreciate that testing something on a daily timeframe for 1 month is the same as testing something on a M1 timeframe for about 20 minutes.

It shows nothing at all.

It's really sad, among all the "triumphs of hope over experience" that live in this part of the forum, that when something as good, solid and reliable as this system does very occasionally show up, it can be dismissed by know-nothing critics with a simple "I tested it and got no results".

It doesn't change the reality that this is one of the best threads there's ever been at FF, but it's still pretty frustrating that there are also perhaps people naive and inexperienced enough to take notice of you.

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
Another stupid person.

Just three sentences for you:

1. You are not my size.

2. When we look at the past of the chart, it looks beautiful, but not when trading. So shut up and test this method in daily timeframe for 1 month like me. ( not in 1 minute)

3. The type of user and rank and the number of followers and previous posts show everything.

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
In the next few days, I was going to present a super strong system based on this strategy here, which had a loss of almost zero and was 99% profitable. The same system I trade with but regretted. I am writing this system and I will send it privately only to my friends here.

You deserve a loss forever.
And goodbye forever with this thread.

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
Don't go, Alien, I expected a reaction like that, it's normal that in the end you were going to get angry, I was about to say that if they kept talking in a bad way they would cause Alien to leave.

Tell me how can I continue with your thread. I want to continue learning.

Greetings

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
LoL, people are people - nothing changed in millions of years.

Even on a trading forum human emotion prevails - considering traders' top priority should be to harness their emotions and funnel them in the right direction.

If you need to blow off your emotions just go on political twitter for 10 minutes - or read ZeroHedge comments - I do on weekends.

.

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
Trade update +10pips so far

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
Aliens, greetings from the U.S. I agree 100%.

Please count me in too.

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
What are you looking for in the Stoch?

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
Didn't you check his profile? Man he's just a kid 18 years old. Probably even just over the age of fx  we all spoke ignorantly at that age. Never mind, it's not worth getting angry.

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
look for lagging stoch

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
trade update 48+pip so far

im done w/ this one

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
Long Cadchf

yall can wait for the candle closed above the bear candle, if yall wanna follow the rule. For me i enter at this point

this one is ok, trade with caution

i just shorted nzdjpy while ago, i think i was wrong, still dont know why hm...

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
Hi everyone. I hate that I have to intrude on y'alls thread here as my post is about my own trading system. Since I am a junior member here at FF, I can't start my own threads. I posted in a newbie thread, but no one is answering any of my questions. I have been studying forex for the past 10 years but there is still a lot I don't know. I have a strategy that I have back tested and I think it works well. I would like to hear the opinions of seasoned traders. I don't know how to automate my strategy. I want it automated so I can test it more thoroughly.  If anyone has the time or is interested, please reach out to me.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
you should post your request at Platform Tech.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...indicators-for

that trader will code your system @ no cost, good luck

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
Close Cadchf trade for a small lost, im not sure about this trade

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
Can you tell us how you trade?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
Aliens HAS left the trade. Don't write her anymore.

Minotawr - the thread starter hasn't been at FF since last summer. He got the Covid and he might be one of the people that died?? I really wish that people all over the world would fear this illness more. Too many people keep ignoring it and thereby feed the pandemic.

Xmess7 who wrote a fantastic EA for this strategy, haven't posted in this thread since 1. september 2020. His last post at all was 8. november 2020. He was top 1% High impact member with 4,748 posts at FF. What became of him?? Hope it was not Covid too!!

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
Would you mind expanding on that? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
the stoch is at overbought zone & it hang on the overbought zone

like the example in the picture,

Long Eurusd

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
1. 1 month backtest doesnt tell me nothing.

2. I thought you were a good trader so  i texted you, and i then became disapointed.

3. Feel free to ask my MyFxBook and we will see who is a no brainer!

4. Send us your Myfxbook if you are as good as you say

5. i still didnt saw anything good coming from your mouth

6. If you were as good as you say, you would then know that the market moves the same way on Daily that it moves on 1hour ( it has trends and pullbacks etc... just like the others timeframes)

7. Minotawr said it works on daily, the creator of this thread say it works but you, THE KING, says it doesnt work, because you did a 1 month backtest. ahahahahauahahaha please dont joke with me hahahaha

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
EXACTLY

i mean 1 month???? really???? 1 month of backtest and he says it doesnt work?????

just that alone tells me he is not exeperienced, not even a trader, not even profitable!

and also, the minotawr says it woks on daily

btw, the daily is better than 1 hour, you will have less trades but they will be more acurate.

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
hahahahahahahaha

99% profitable

yeah sure you are george soros ahahhahahaha

you must be billionaire by now with that percentage!

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
1. Holy Grail doesnt exist

2. 99% is impossible

3. Alien is a joke

4. Just stick to what minotawr said in 1 post and thats all

5. Dont believe on a guy that has not prove of profitability ( even less in a guy who says it have a "super system" hahahaha)

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
Many thanks for injecting some good sense and common sense into the thread when it was needed, Jandelichte. Hopefully people will pay attention to your posts (and to Karl's, above) rather than to Aliens'.

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
1 month test hm... i agree w/ Jandelichte it cant tell anything

99% impossible...possible maybe hm...? we have a lot of smart people out there, maybe !they can done it ?

those trades record isnot mine, but i wanna show yall it can be possible if we target 1-2. i think

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
Maybe we stop blaspheming about some people here and stick to the system, everyone has his own opinion, which he can write why then immediately hit it, everyone can make his own opinion. here a help which helps me very much, a 55 lwma with an offset of 2 I find additionally very interesting. 100in red

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
trade updates +31pips up till now

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
Nice trades @Havenoidea!

keep it up mate!

Best,

CGN

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
thanks,

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
hm something's not right, still need to improve, i close the trade @1.2158, gain something better then nothing ;(

alright im trying to catch the trend early, it is different then those trades in the past ! still base on 100 & price

Short Gbpnzd. it is not a good idea hm...

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
Hello, specifically, the moving average line is the one that approaches the candles (at prices), it gives us a false feeling that the candles are approaching the lines. The candles (or the price) do not go towards the lines. The moving average is late information, but it helps us to see where prices are going, but late. Regards.

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
Yes, that the indis can only see the past is also clear to me. is also just a hint . the best is the experience

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
Subscribing to this thread because I plan to try it in the future.

Very simple but I'm wondering about its % of winning trades

In terms of profitability, this strategy looks like one where you could work with

2 open trades at the same time.

You place 2 orders at the same time with the same stop loss but one has 2x the take profit.

Your first order, after it reaches the 1x risk take profit, move the stop loss of the remaining open

trade to 1x take profit and aim for 2x. Could be highly profitable

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
Like anything else reliable, based on sensible principles, that works, its win-rate will vary according to 3 main factors:

1. The strength of the trend (you could say that the angle of the MA-100 is roughly equivalent to this)

2. The time-frame you use (as always, longer time-frames give fewer trades and a higher win-rate and generally bigger wins, too - it does better on H4 and daily time-frames than on H1 and M15, obviously, as you'd expect)

3. Your skill and experience at reading the price action

As long as you use a decent trading platform (not MetaTrader) you can do all that automatically on entering the position. Enter 2 lots, take one lot off at 1R and move the stop-loss to breakeven on the other (and then trail it, if you want).

That reduces risk and increases win-rate, but it also reduces the size of some potential wins, of course, because sometimes the second lot will get stopped out in circumstances when if you hadn't moved the SL to breakeven it would have turned round in the trend direction and done much better. Still, it could easily be a very sensible way to trade this, for many people.

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
Hi xkwisit2001

I have read with interest about your strategy with Magic100, which you use to build up many positions when HTF is continuing in a positive direction. I guess then, that you are not exiting at any kind of signal in the 1 hour TF, but you will get one exit signal in a higher timeframe, which make you exit everything. That signal in HTF will tell you, that now the trend is over. That idea is nothing less than brilliant. Can you elaborate a little about the kind of exit signals you are looking for? Is it only the Fibonacci and you feeling for the trade at HTF ??

EDIT: Found an answer from you at post 529.: Hi Mate, I use weekly pivot levels to help exit my trades .

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
I am reading this thread thru for the 3rd. time. Want to stress that the original system says this about Stop loss: SL shall be set below/beyond the signal bar. If the signal bar is very small, then add to the SL so that the size is reasonable. This is one of the keys to the systems profability.

Some people in the trend suggest that you should use the ATR for stoploss and some (Aliens) that the SL should be placed under the latest swing high/low. THIS IS NOT part of this system. And note, that the inventor has been trading the system for 5 years and was very profitable.

Also note, that BE is not mentioned in the rules.

Set your trade as a pending order. Believe in it. And when it has been set, then you can leave the computer for the day if you wish. You have done your work.

Of cause everybody are welcome to adjust the system to their own trading behavior, but please don't change the overall rules in your writings. Doing that will move the system away from the original rules and out of control. Hence at some point - the system has changed and is not profittable as it was at the inventor.

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
Hello, I agree with you, I think the same way.

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
This won’t work, because getting this close requires you to have the correct way fundamentally... which is not discussed once in here....

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
Thanks to the OP for creating this thread. This method is very similar to what I already do.

Have any posters here tried the Pareto method of MM with this strategy instead of shooting for 3:1 RR?

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
It was in the original version of the system, though (just not mentioned in Minotawr's original post here).

I think very few if any of the thread's participants are aware of this method's original source, and other versions.

Minotawr did (and in doing so, he made it simpler, easier to follow, and much more suitable for beginners).

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
80/20 MM - can you elaborate how to apply to the magic system - you mean first take profit is 80% of the position size, remaining 20% is trail?

.

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
Yes so for example if I risk 3% per positionTrade 1 is 2.4% risk exited at 1:1 RR and move Stop to B/E Trail the remaining 0.6% trade at 1R increments and let the market take it out

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
Hello Karl

Thank you for your post.

Sorry, you might think that you know what was in the OP brain, but that doesn't count. There is a set of described rules which he defended day after day. Yes he did make a BE once i a while, but seldom and it was not part of the strategy. He has underlined that you will be better of in the long run, if you don't use BE.

All systems goes hundres of years back, so who took something from whoom. That doesn't count. OP made his system, of cause under influence of everything that he ever learned. That system is described in post 1 - mainly. We shall all be curious about what we can do to make it better, but we shall keep the original system which was profittable for 5 years. We saw how "Aliens" kind of took over the OP role and claimed that the original system was faulty about stoploss. That is a very good example of how some people can change the system and suddently there are no evidence at all that this new version of the system will work. Then we lost the original money tree.

Do I follow those original rules. Sure - 100% for the time being. But i have countless ideas to improve the rules and I will. I am also a robot builder. Why trade on a small scale if you can have a robot to trade on a large scale. But I will build everything on the shoulder of the originals and just add on. Then I think that it is fine if we talk about improvements, but we must always remember the rules and not change the thread.

Thank you again for returning to me so that we can have this enriching discussion :-)

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
Long Nzdjpy

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
OP mentioned that trading cluster is from Frankfurt open and till London close. And he mention that you must have prepared by finding the forex pairs to trade on beforehand. Now my question to all of you is:

How many of you are getting up at around 6:00 GMT/UTC in order to walk thru 28 Forex pairs and some indexes?? It could be interesting to hear

I do it in the evening (Frankfurt time) and get up early to confirm before opening of Frankfurt.

Tomorrow I will trade EURJPY, EURNZD, GBPUSD and GBPJPY. Prepared today but I go over it and confirm early in the morning.

OK, I write like I have been trading this for a long time. No, have done some demo, but tomorrow is my first day starting with a small amount of cash.

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
I live trade something very similar to this but only using daily charts as I have other businesses to run. My brokers EOD (UK trader) is 11PM so it takes me around 30 minutes a day to look at 20 pairs, silver, gold and BTCUSD. I haven't time to daytrade this but I would imagine the Frankfurt-London window should provide most liquidity. G/U looks a good setup on the H1.

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
Yes, all fair comment - I accept that, of course. Thanks both for what you said and the way you said it.

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
What candle are you playing off of?

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
This time i catch the trend early

we have 1st, 2nd signal & super confirm signal

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
could you please tell us a bit more about your D1 Setup? Thank you

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
Hey Kenning, i am also interested in your results on daily tf, because i am planning to do the same. Can you share your experience, please?

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
And I thank you because we can have divergence meanings in a respectful tone!

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
So i took 2 trades on E/J. I am not sure about the second one. The signal candle is quite big, but the first entry was fine. I don`t belive the initial R:R (Minotawr sayed 1:3) is working on D1, so what is best for daily?

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
I couldn't say what is the best R:R at Daily. I would start up with 1:2 at playing safe. Then take a protocol on each and every trade in an Excel sheet. Did it hit 1:2? Would it have taken 1:3. Or only 1:1.5 Then for every week and every month calculate the pips it took and the pips it could have taken with the R:R that functions the best. Of cause take notes of the pair you are trading, because there will be differences.

And then adjust it manually in the beginning. Take a look at the chart and see if there are some pivot points. And then just follow the chart to watch for price action bars.

I am going to make a comprehensive backtest on this strategy soon. I will tell about my findings in the thread.

Why are you trading daily? Because of work?

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
Hi RiskFighter, thanks. I am curios about your thoughts here. You sound like a "mature" trader

Yes, i have decided to trade daily, due to my regular job.

The crucial part is the SL settings here...If the signal bar is to big, i am not quite sure what to do. Maybe pass?

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
I have updated my answer above.

Now I update this post. That is how I work - sorry.

It is often seen, that a big bar is followed by a bar at the same size in the opposit direction. I think that it is some people with loads of money that manipulates something.

At some post OP in the matter fact did tell what he does when a large bar occurs. If the signal bar is very big (he did not specify a size), then he wait to see, if the coming two bars can have the same size in the trend direction. Then he might take the trade. This is the approach I will take.

I will also take a look at RSI, Stocastich, CCI or anything else to see if there is a situation where the two first bars in the trend direction - after the signal bar - starts from an oversold og overbought situation. And then I might trust it. Also check if it cross the boundaries of a channel or a flag. Or is supportet by a nice Fibonacci level? The 200EMA is another support level that can give a strong bounce.

In the matter fact, I would do like the Pilots, make a checklist for the case of a large signal bar, so that I am sure that I think through all the right possibilities before trading it.

Another thing to do is to take the protocol. Would it hit the TP or the Loss. After having notes from some months then you will have some statistichs telling you the percentages for success or failure on which size of bars on which pairs.

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
I have noted, that very often when a trend have to pass a pivot point or any other resistance, then it happens by use of a large bar which signals the force. Then it is a positive sign that the trend will continue strongly.

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
Today only one pair from my watch list took a trade. But it was the best trending pair - GBPUSD. It lost!!

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
trade closed earn a little bit hm...

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
I have heard from Xmess7. Appearently he is busy in some Bitcoin forum. I use his EA. In this strategy you cannot just let an EA run constantly. It must be fed with the pairs that are trending. So I feed it daily and if I dont have time for that, then there is no trading.

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
Long Nzdjpy

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
i think it is too early to enter Usdchf! add this baby to watchlist

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
Short Eurgbp

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
I had a buy on GBP/NZD on H1 tf. If it breaks the main resistance i will let the profits run...

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
Well done,

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
hello all, new user here, nice thread, very simple and interesting strategy. i'm still reading the thread, at the same time i'm looking the EUR/USD 1h. we just had some bad short singals consecutive (like 3-4) or it's just me? sorry i'm still learning.

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
sorry, image wasn't so clear and i also made an error.

circle for signal candle, arrow for entry candle:

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
Hey, how do you feed the EA?

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
That's a problem - it's on a low-carb diet, so you can't even give it sandwiches.

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
Something that may help anyone who doesnt grasp the "Magical Simplicity " of this method  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
I get up 1 hour before Frankfurt and check the pairs. For each pair I start at Daily TF. I draw channels, support, resistance or whatever the charts tells me. My trading will honour these drawings. Then I go down through the timeframes until I reach M30 which I am trading in order to get enough signals as a Daytrader. At this point I know if I want to buy Long, Short or maybe both directions. Be aware, that the EA has a flaw. If you set a trading direction (Long or Short), then that setup will be the same for all pairs that you might be trading. Then you would think " I just open another chart to trade in the other direction". But no sir, the EA tells you that it is not necessary to have more than one chart and it deletes every chart that you try to open. That is a funny way to do things - quite irritating.

I am looking for:Of cause the trend. But be aware, that if the price is a long way from the EMA100, then it have to "go home" at some point. And that is often a large movement opposite to the trend. Is it volatile? You need some movement to be able to make pips. It is a nice bonus if you can spot a price action in Long or Short direction. I specially look for Engulfing, pinbar or a nice strong bar crossing the EMA100 or any resistance or bouncing from support. Note, that I do never buy manually. If I get a nice signal to buy, then I let the EA do the job. Because I am a very bad manual trader!!!

At this point I do not use any indicators to help my decissions, but I will experiment with that later on.

My exit strategy is to exit when the overall gain is x% of the account equity. Then I close everything and call it a day. No matter how nice my positions are trending.

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
By the way, I am still forward testing on Demo and a very small money account. Don't know if the strategy will work for me.

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
can you explain your entries please?

so you look for something specific?

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
Read post #1. When you have done that - several times, then you can ask for anything that you don't understand. But do not ask somebody to repeat post #1 for you.

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
I read post 1 my friend, but there is more to it than just buying every time that a candle on the opposite direction is broken, you will get killed that way.

In fact when long he does not buy every red candle that is broken on the upside, so instead of giving lectures on what people need to do, maybe you need to look yourself

Tha is why I was asking

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
I read the whole thread several times. And I have built my own robot. I did not look at his chart, because I don't need to have any lesson about how this work.

Of cause you cannot just take any candle that are broken. You have to choose you trades as I give an example on in post 2,003. That is part of the strategy. I find the pairs that according to my findings will give profit in the comming day and then I let the robot ride the charts according to the rules. I follow the situation and is ready to stop the robot if conditions change.

So now I looked at his example. He did not read post #1. We cannot use this strategy on a 5 minute chart. Why not? Because OP has used this strategy for more than 5 years and he has analyzed what is working and what is not.

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
Frag8383  study your charts ,  specialise imo cheers SP

riskfighter , you do not know what I can do or what I cant . it is not your ordinary currency I trade it A200 indice that is all . I have fixed target  that is it . anyone can find their own place  cheers Sp

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
Hi all, is anyone currently using the EA from xmess7 (V15 from post 1.577)? If so, how is it running? Which pairs and which TF?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
Hi dr.butze i am running the EA from xmess7 on DAX30 m15. Very good results over the long period on demo so far. SL is 20 points, TP is 60 points. Risk is 1% of the account.

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
[quote = Juri; 13398277] {quote} Hallo dr.butze, ich führe den EA von xmess7 auf DAX30 m15 aus. Sehr gute Ergebnisse über den langen Zeitraum auf Demo bisher. SL ist 20 Punkte, TP ist 60 Punkte. Das Risiko beträgt 1% des Kontos. [/ Quote]

Hello Juri, thank you very much for your answer. I also wanted to use the EA on a demo account. How do you change the TF? I guess all set pairs always use the TF that the current chart is on, right?

Thanks

Many greetings

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
TF of the chart the EA is installed dictates the TF.

I use the xmess for some time now but as I mentioned in the past I use it more like a signal, not a set and forget system.

I check the higher TFs for trend direction/strength. Then activate EA on a lower TF.

Once a trade is triggered/active I check the chart and evaluate if it makes sense to keep the trade running/ set TP targets/scale outs. If the trade entry looks under-promising early on I close it.

I am sure there are other ways to use this EA - this is what works for me.

.

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
[quote = Shaishen; 13398485] {quote} Die TF des Diagramms, in dem der EA installiert ist, bestimmt die TF. Ich benutze das xmess schon seit einiger Zeit, aber wie ich in der Vergangenheit erwähnt habe, benutze ich es eher wie ein Signal, nicht wie ein Set-and-Forget-System. Ich überprüfe die höheren TFs auf Trendrichtung / -stärke. Aktivieren Sie dann EA auf einem niedrigeren TF. Sobald ein Trade ausgelöst / aktiv ist, überprüfe ich das Diagramm und bewerte, ob es sinnvoll ist, den Trade am Laufen zu halten / TP-Ziele festzulegen / zu skalieren. Wenn der Handelseintrag frühzeitig vielversprechend aussieht, schließe ich ihn. Ich bin mir sicher, dass es andere Möglichkeiten gibt, diesen EA zu verwenden - das funktioniert bei mir. .[/Zitat]

Thanks a lot

That's what I was thinking about, using the EA as a signal giver. Is there a possibility to receive a notification when a trade is opened?

Which TF do you use?

Unfortunately I can't use the EA twice in one MT instance. So on a 1H chart and also on a 15 MIN chart - then I get an error and a chart is closed.

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
Thank you for your detailed reply. so from what you wrote, I understood that you set one direction for the EA for the day on the pairs for which this direction is relevant, and you set it to the M30 cahrt?

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
The EA will go short or long depend on the settings. By default it´s set to 100ema (if price is above the ema it will go only long and the other way around for shorts) but you can always change that and try different options anyway I wouldn´t let the EA run alone... with HA candles I check the higher TF i.e. H4 if the color match the middle TF M30 then I look for pullbacks on M5.

Best,

CGN

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
[quote=Juri;13398277]{quote} Hi dr.butze i am running the EA from xmess7 on DAX30 m15. Very good results over the long period on demo so far. SL is 20 points, TP is 60 points. Risk is 1% of the account.[/quote

Juri,

do you have the "only set orders on color change" on false or true?

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
[quote = X-Trader; 13147846] Ciao a tutti! Dopo alcuni anni in agguato presso Forex Factory, ho deciso di contribuire a questa fantastica comunità, condividendo un Expert Advisor che ho codificato in base alla strategia Magic 100. Inoltre ho scritto una traduzione in spagnolo della strategia, puoi trovarla su: https://www.x-trader.net/articulos/t...magic-100.html Spero ti piaccia! {file} [/ quote]

Can you change the EA so that each trade has a risk expressed as a percentage of the account balance (example 1%)?

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
Hello everyone, does someone know which is the correct answer to this question?
You enter into a long (buy) CFD position with a total notional position value of $6,000 and a $300 margin requirement. You have an account balance of $10,000. What is the maximum amount that can be lost on this trade?
possible answers - 0, 2000, 6000, 10000

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
6,000

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
What is the rational behind your answer?

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
Took 2R for GJ. Grateful

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
Nearly got stopped out, managed to survive and closed at 2R after few hours.

Done for the day

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
-1R for GU. Move on, focus on next opportunity.

It's Friday, one more loss I will call it a day.

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
hi le celte.

your chart is nice...

would you can share your indicator which used in your chart?

thanks so much

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
I will follow your trades and progression,

Greetings

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
Amike  I cannot see any magic 100 candle where you entered LONG   just be more patient for real magic 100 candle IMO  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
Perfect chart.

If you looked closely, you will see it.

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
even if it was not according to the rules above the ma , it was a nice trade

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
Magic but maybe not 100   but Magic

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
Happy for you my friend.

But please post Magic 100 related trades. If for showing off purpose, I suggest to do at other threads.

Let's not confuse others.

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
I trade already after the Magic, why should I open something somewhere else

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
Magic 100

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
I post here trades that run in real

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
????

is wrong what you write

real looks like this

--- 帖子 #2029 ---
The refinement of this method is in the pending order, my suggestion is to use the exponential averages of 5 and 13 together, and not make sales trades if they are very close or crossed upwards. Where you entered were together so you would not have entered. I don't use the average of 100, I use the average of 50 e 200.

--- 帖子 #2030 ---
This is by far the simplest stratergy.. I’ve traded 1 month before I posted this comment. Very profitable!!

--- 帖子 #2031 ---
hello ive followed  this thread for some time. revisted about a month ago and have been trading it since... are you still trading this system?

--- 帖子 #2032 ---
Hello. I've also been following this thread for a while and trying out myself. I used the M1 tf, but didn't work out. Often get stopped out, even when placed SL over the last swing instead of candle. Am trying out different TF now.

--- 帖子 #2033 ---
im following the way he's trading it. not trying anything different. maybe you should try the way he explained it first..

--- 帖子 #2034 ---
Yes i'm testing that as well. I'm willing to try different things. I started with 1 min only because i saw people achieving results with lower TF.

--- 帖子 #2035 ---
A nice 1/4 trade that was displayed life. But here we can only criticise people. But should the better knowers post, I no longer

--- 帖子 #2036 ---
This is art

--- 帖子 #2037 ---
back to magic 100 after a long while. though the technique is very simple it can really get frustrating at times. My trades for the day.

--- 帖子 #2038 ---
Is this a good trade?

--- 帖子 #2039 ---
My first trade using this strategy is in progress :-)

--- 帖子 #2040 ---
Long Usdsgd

closed for a lost -13pips

--- 帖子 #2041 ---
If anybody is interested, I tested this system for 100 straight trades and posted on YouTube.
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2042 ---
Okay here's my take on this strategy. Firstly, I added a couple QoL indicators that help with making entries a bit safer.

I'll start with Trading Style. I like to Scalp this even on 1 Hour time frame. I'm usually trading big lots and taking profit in one bar.

The first set of indicators is a medley of MA's to help filter out sideways movement. I know common sense can do most of this work, but if we see MA's fanning out in the same direction then there's no subjectivity - we're in a trend.

Second indicator is a Volume Based indicator that highlights when there's good volume in the market making our scalps a bit more profitable.

The entry method remains the same, however how I exit the trade is where I personally see this strategy shine. There's a concept around exiting trades that essentially works like this : at the close of the candle you entered in, are you in profit? -> if so close trade. if not remain in trade. Your only stop loss will be your maximum amount of capital you're willing to lose per trade. This works better with accurate strategies and shines when scalping specifically. We like to get in and out.

1 HR TF - > Limit order triggers and you're in trade - > Lets say current ATR is 15 -> You're presumption is correct and after 1Hr price has moved 8 pips in your favored direction. Well under ATR, but nonetheless, lets say after spread you're at 6.8 pips profit. -> you exit trade.

That's it, the trade is over. When the new candle is formed you take your 7 pip profit and run.

What if price doesn't go in our favor, well remember, we are in a down trend, and volume is in our favor. So now we have two decisions. We can cut our loss or we can risk whatever our max per loss is.

just a quick note - just make sure your comfortable losing whatever the current ATR (max cap loss) , because price might bounce around during that hour.

So if ATR is 10 and you're only comfortable risking $100, then 1 standard lot should do!

--- 帖子 #2043 ---
interesting idea to sell the low of the bar and scalp it. i am naturally a scalper and mostly trading GU.

could you give some more chartexamples of your trades? thx.

--- 帖子 #2044 ---
Its genius in it's simplicity. We over complicate trading sometimes. Price is either going to go up or down (stating the obvious) and if we have a good entry and good management we should in theory come out on top. The 100 shows what was price has moved for the last 100 candles so its a strong indicator for sure

--- 帖子 #2045 ---
Hi Guys

I use support & resistance with this strategy. To enter trade.

--- 帖子 #2046 ---
Can you show how please?

--- 帖子 #2047 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2048 ---
This on 5 Minute chart

--- 帖子 #2049 ---
15 Minute Chart

--- 帖子 #2050 ---
Here is another 1 Hour Chart. For me I prefer 15 minute chart.

--- 帖子 #2051 ---
great, i understand the idea behind.

may i ask, is the indi or better the dotted lines a typical fractals indi?

--- 帖子 #2052 ---
Short Chfjpy. it look pretty good

--- 帖子 #2053 ---
can you share the support and resistance indicator on your chart?

--- 帖子 #2054 ---
Hello!

Do you use pending orders or wait for the bars to close above|below SR?

--- 帖子 #2055 ---
The chart below explains what I do.

--- 帖子 #2056 ---
Here it is.

--- 帖子 #2057 ---
Thanks!

How do you close? What's your TP?

--- 帖子 #2058 ---
what was wrong with this trade?

--- 帖子 #2059 ---
.......They Knew it will hit SL so they help you close it before it hit........This is strange

--- 帖子 #2060 ---
^????????????? bro its was me who closed it manually

my question was regarding about the decision i made about selling in there

--- 帖子 #2061 ---
Hello, until then it was a correction

--- 帖子 #2062 ---
you didn't enter after a green bar. there is a higher low a few bars before.

--- 帖子 #2063 ---
what do you mean it was a correction?

--- 帖子 #2064 ---
Correction is then dangerousIer to trade, maybe not impossible if you still go to the Magic regulate

--- 帖子 #2065 ---
how do i know its a correction or not?

--- 帖子 #2066 ---
Higher high- higher low or

lower low -lower high

--- 帖子 #2067 ---
if it makes a higher high in a downtrend it means its a correction?

--- 帖子 #2068 ---
what about this trade?

--- 帖子 #2069 ---
Try only an Indi, EMA 100 or none at all

--- 帖子 #2070 ---
i have made so many bad trades...

i was almost break even on my account...

i realize i have done many mistakes

(i will only use ema100)

--- 帖子 #2071 ---
why are you always picking the ending trend

--- 帖子 #2072 ---
good point, people are scared at the beginning.

--- 帖子 #2073 ---
Some are; others aren't.

People who are successfully making their livings through their trading tend to be extra-cautious at the start of a trend.

The great majority of retail traders tend to be less cautious.

This is a counter-intuitive and complicated probability issue.

The reality is that the more recently a trend has become established, the less likely it is to continue. Intuition suggests the opposite. It's easy to misunderstand.

The more established a trend is, the more likely it is to continue. Perhaps "paradoxically", given one's awareness that everything has to come to an end at some point and one's instinctive feeling that, "therefore", the longer a trend has lasted, the more likely it is to end.

Someone who studies statistics and probability, such as an actuary, will understand it more easily: the older people are, the more likely they are to live for longer. "Strange but true".

The potential entry posted above by Jandelichte is a very good one, and one I'd have taken with no hesitation, if trading this method.

The "trend-line" shown above isn't one I'd have drawn there, nor would it have put me off the trade at all.

Our reactions in response to such niceties usually make the difference between deriving overall profit or overall loss from sound methods like this one.

--- 帖子 #2074 ---
so in your opinion my trade was a valid one?

i will have to disagree because looking at my past 2 months, i been negative, and the trades i been taking are very similar to these ones... and it has not been working.

--- 帖子 #2075 ---
I think it was a good trade

Break of long consolidation

Pullback to the consolidation

It did not work ok

If you are having problems get on the first pullback below the ema and only take the first pullback

In your chart is just at the beginning I can't show because I'm on the mobile

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #2076 ---
Even if the trend was broken?

also, i didnt understand what you mean by this: "If you are having problems get on the first pullback below the ema and only take the first pullback In your chart is just at the beginning"

--- 帖子 #2077 ---
First noneone knows when the trend is going to end, at least on a consistent basis. Otherwise the will be the riches person in the world. Paul Tudor Jones on market wizards says that to get turns he may fail 3-4 times and then make all on 5 attempt

Sorry for my English, I think that what you are saying is that you get late into the trend. That is why I said to trade only the first pullback to the ema

--- 帖子 #2078 ---
Its exactly the opposite... sometimes i enter so early thay the trend is not even a "real trend" yet

--- 帖子 #2079 ---
That's why Frag's advice is exactly the opposite of what you should be doing.

The trade he recommends limiting yourself to is the one you should be avoiding.

As you've discovered, it seems.

I understand.

Quickly explains that problem clearly in his post up above. That's the one you need to read and think about.

(By the way, I would also certainly have taken the trade you showed. Just unlucky!).

--- 帖子 #2080 ---
thats how trading works, even you if do evertyhing right you still can lose...

anyway, what post do you say i should read?

--- 帖子 #2081 ---
The problem of that trade is there is no lower high before your trade. You don't know where to stop lose.

--- 帖子 #2082 ---
Short Usdchf

--- 帖子 #2083 ---
target and stop lose please

--- 帖子 #2084 ---
a very good start according to the rules

--- 帖子 #2085 ---
1-6

--- 帖子 #2086 ---
next time i should not trade this one, when the price isn't dropped under 100ma yet

--- 帖子 #2087 ---
Short Usdchf again

--- 帖子 #2088 ---
what about this trade?

--- 帖子 #2089 ---
I don't like it at all. There's too much overhead resistance (which is one of the things that detracts from the usefulness of MA's as a trend-indicator). I pass.

--- 帖子 #2090 ---
what do you mean by overhead resistance?

--- 帖子 #2091 ---
First of all,

I would like to thank (Minotawr) for this perfect strategy, I tried several times, almost 90% trials are successful.

Secondly,

I would like to share my one of successful trial, as chart below, which was zero reversal.

Well done

--- 帖子 #2092 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2093 ---
Magic100 is a good strategy but it cannot works for everyone. Blindly taken every signal is a guarantee for failure. I had give up on Magic a few weeks ago. I tried it on daily TF but it doesnt work out. I hoped to take every oportunity without using my brain, but it needs more than that.

I think Minotawr had the deep understanding of the markets. He had a clear vision of trends an retracements. I have studies his entrys and he took the trades only in strong trends and after a clear retracements.

So it`s important to study the markets first and understand the nature of markets moves before put anything on your chart.

--- 帖子 #2094 ---
in my opinion this was a good one

--- 帖子 #2095 ---
Dear Jandelichte,

did you tested on timeframe 15 minutes, do you think it is workable for scalping ????

--- 帖子 #2096 ---
Thank you Juri for your explanation. He made his trades almost all early in the morning and only in h1. The Ema should already show the trend quite well and not run sideways.

--- 帖子 #2097 ---
i am still working on that

--- 帖子 #2098 ---
i think the core and the principles are  the same, so it will probably work but with more fake signals so more losses

but since its 15m you will have more signals so more entrys so more wins....

in the end it probably will be almost the same results as 1hour time ( with more losed trades obviously)

--- 帖子 #2099 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2100 ---
the first was a lower low and the 2 a higher high

--- 帖子 #2101 ---
How?

I dont agree

Can you show it on the chart?

--- 帖子 #2102 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

May I ask you a question? why didn't you entry at A, B or C?

From this chart, I found don't enter after first red bar (up trend)

enter after second would be safe.

--- 帖子 #2103 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2104 ---
What's your indicator and its settings?

--- 帖子 #2105 ---
Zig Zag indi

--- 帖子 #2106 ---
Which settings you use I also use the zig zag to find structure, I use the standard settings 12

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #2107 ---
The entries on the long and the short are late, that is just my personal opinion

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #2108 ---
Jesus

Why do i always enter wrong?

--- 帖子 #2109 ---
i didnt enter because i dont think those retracements are not deep enough

so i like to wait to a more deeper retracement so i can buy low and sell high

--- 帖子 #2110 ---
good oportunity?

--- 帖子 #2111 ---
good opportunity for what?

If you want to short, enter after second red bar,

1st green, 1 st Red, 2nd green then 2nd red and enter.

or a micro lower high.

--- 帖子 #2112 ---
EURJPY M 15, prepare to short
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2113 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2114 ---
damn

it went take profit

you are good

i want you as a mentor

--- 帖子 #2115 ---
First try HH HL LH LL then I like to look at resistance and I stick to h1, that's all I do, everything else was written by minotawr

--- 帖子 #2116 ---
and what about candles?

do you look at any specific candles or just enter like minotawr did?

--- 帖子 #2117 ---
why stick to 1h timeframe only?

--- 帖子 #2118 ---
just read the entries of Minotawr

--- 帖子 #2119 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2120 ---
early entry, not good.

--- 帖子 #2121 ---
why early enter?

i followed minotawr and ingo instructions

explain to me why is a early enter

--- 帖子 #2122 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2123 ---
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #2124 ---
i wasnt home when that happen

what about my second trade?

--- 帖子 #2125 ---
I would have gone in there, but then I would have run into the sl. After that, the candles only went up and down, because I would not have taken that because it was not visible where it could go

--- 帖子 #2126 ---
There is also an inefficiency that is often refilled

--- 帖子 #2127 ---
what do you mean?

can you explain in more detail please?

i dont understand what are you tying to say

--- 帖子 #2128 ---
a break that is not normal, which is then often, not always, filled again. Here is an example and let's see if he does the same with your trade

--- 帖子 #2129 ---
I added white arrows to ingo's pic.

Notice that these "breaks" comprise 1 or 2 bars with obviously much longer bodies than the several bars that come before them. I think that you will find the ones that have the long bars within 1-2 bars of a swing high or swing low will see price return and move far enough to "fill in" the long bar before it reverses again.  Attached Image

--- 帖子 #2130 ---
i see

thank you for explaining

--- 帖子 #2131 ---
this is such a simple method but i keep failling

i will try to do 5 trades in a correct way, take prints and share it here to see if i still make mistakes or if i am having bad luck ( or this system doesnt work...)

--- 帖子 #2132 ---
I will try to make it simpler for you since you are having problems

Add a another exponential moving average 20-25-34-50. The moving average that you add is up to you

Wait for the ma to cross up or down the 100 ema

After the croos wait for the price to pullback to the short term ema.

For long the price has to close below the short term ema for long it needs to close above (a Wick rejection is also valid). That is your reference candle for entry. The high of this candle for longs is your entry. The low of the candle for short is your entry.

Stop above the high/low of the pattern

1:1 breakeven

2:1 take profit

You are only allowed to enter on ther first 2 touches of the short term ema, basically only after the first 2 pullbacks

With this system you will make money you will have around 60-70% success rate but following a trend and entering on pullbacks you will make money.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #2133 ---
I see you followed the rules, but you didn't review your trades and the charts.

And you don't know when the rules work and when they fail with the charts.

It is true that we can't get paid without any work.

Then we hope to make money through trading.

If just following others without own work, how can we get paid through trading.

I'm not talking to you, I'm talking to myself.

The rules do not tell everything. I got same problem.

I can see most of your trades to enter early. So just wait for second trigger condition then enter.

--- 帖子 #2134 ---
The winrate with this method is so low...

i dont understand

and we also dont have opportunities every day

--- 帖子 #2135 ---
You don't need high win rate, you need to understand risk management.

--- 帖子 #2136 ---
try to lose less, not win more

--- 帖子 #2137 ---
Long usdjpy

--- 帖子 #2138 ---
3 trades until now

2 breakevens and 1 win

since i like to put the trade at BE when is 1:1 rw, i missed another win wich would be a win if i had let it run but its okay, its going with the plan

--- 帖子 #2139 ---
Target hit +15ips

--- 帖子 #2140 ---
short chfjpy

--- 帖子 #2141 ---
3 trades until now!

--- 帖子 #2142 ---
tp hit +13 pips

--- 帖子 #2143 ---
will i make better returns if i put stop loss at breakeven guys?

--- 帖子 #2144 ---
AU

--- 帖子 #2145 ---
it is important that you often achieve 1-3

--- 帖子 #2146 ---
i am on a similar trade

--- 帖子 #2147 ---
of course protecting your capital it is important than making profit, there will be more opportunities of trading in the future

--- 帖子 #2148 ---
Short eurcad

--- 帖子 #2149 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2150 ---
lately i have seen more and more often that the course tests a higher level again after my first entry. The entry should be open in the early morning hours of London, here it was much later

--- 帖子 #2151 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2152 ---
AUDNZD trade is good.

EURCHF trade is too early.

--- 帖子 #2153 ---
why is it too early?

--- 帖子 #2154 ---
second red short, micro lower high

--- 帖子 #2155 ---
Short Nzdusd

--- 帖子 #2156 ---
Short nzdusd

--- 帖子 #2157 ---
a bit early, wait for consolidation then down candle.

--- 帖子 #2158 ---
yes, you re right, i entered early , but im still holding it till i get something out of it

--- 帖子 #2159 ---
After

--- 帖子 #2160 ---
Great strategy,

Just learning the price action movement since the "basic" signal may be often not enough. I have few questions:

1. Are you trading right after big candles which aren't related to news (I don't trade during any medium to big news).

2. When the day trend is opposite to our targeted transaction and let's say there is about 3-5 H1 candles in opposite direction are u placing sell stop here? I know it's very general question and depends on candle types, but lets assume those are the standard small-medium candles without wicks or with small ones.

3. I'm attaching screenshot of my 2 trades today. Made profit on EURGBP (+17 pips) and hit stop loss on AUDUSD (-10.4 pips). Could you please guys review and share your opinion about those 2 transactions please? The AUDUSD was under ema100 both d1 and h1 + entered on double top which often leads to trend reversal.

Excuse me my ignorance but since this strategy relies on using buy/sell stops when you see candle closed in opposite direction isn't it rare to see consolidation (or maybe I'm taking too many signals)? Also it may risk in breaking out the oposite way after consolidation? I'm pretty newbie so I don't want to sound sapient, just asking.

--- 帖子 #2161 ---
Short Nzdusd

--- 帖子 #2162 ---
FAIL

--- 帖子 #2163 ---
Thanks so much

--- 帖子 #2164 ---
improving the system

Long usdcad

--- 帖子 #2165 ---
How you improved the system, I still see 2 emas

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #2166 ---
1 more fast moving average, it makes the picture look clearer

--- 帖子 #2167 ---
I did not see the 3 one,

So what emas are you using ? 100 the 50 and the 9?

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #2168 ---
ema 10 100 200

--- 帖子 #2169 ---
+44 pips  so good so far

another Long usdcad

--- 帖子 #2170 ---
trade #1 +34 pips

trade #2 +30 pips

total 3 trades = 108 pips in a day wow

--- 帖子 #2171 ---
Gbpnzd, it is looking good for Long

--- 帖子 #2172 ---
trade #1,2 closed

+17 pips

+18 pips

not a good trade

--- 帖子 #2173 ---
Hi, I'm from Spain. Could you help me understand the strategy?

--- 帖子 #2174 ---
today he's still a noob in this spot forex market looking for get rich quick system

--- 帖子 #2175 ---
Didn't really want to have to post something like this but I have waited a long time to do so (almost 2 years).

I truly hope this isn't the case but the last time we heard anything about Minotawr he had caught covid on his travels and we have not heard from him again since.

I hope he is safe and enjoying his pips but due to his abrupt disappearance I've had this really strong feeling that he didn't make it through.

So I just want to basically thank him here on his thread for all he provided and I hope I am wrong and he is totally fine and safe.

Everyone else, thank you all for your input on this thread.

Trade safely and stay safe also.

--- 帖子 #2176 ---
Hi,

Try this indicator instead of MA 100. Much better!

Same principle: Buy Stop or Sell Stop above / under the reverse candle of the BB trend (Rules post 1)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Enjoy

jf

--- 帖子 #2177 ---
@nick2112

--- 帖子 #2178 ---
try to improve this system ?, i try but fail, but i believe in Trend

Long Eurusd @ 1.0734

--- 帖子 #2179 ---
Hi,

Yes all the systems here fail. Nobody is a winner long time

There are hundreds, maybe thousands of them here.

And don't win in the long run

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #2180 ---
Bonjour,

There are other things you need to consider.

- The choice of the pair or pairs to play. With a: CS Strengh (for exemple). May be play a basket!

- The schedule: the opening of London and NY and the few hours that follow are the best.

-Money management: TP, SL, TL. An EA Money Management is the best. Take the trades and forget.

-The news. If major news do not play the pair concerned

-Avoid Monday and Friday. Lack of volumes and volatilities

- And finally a little personal touch from experience. I will call it the discretionary part.

That's how I went from a loser to a stable, then for the moment a slight winner.

Choose a simple strategy. With few, very few indicators and: WORK!

Bonne chance et bon courage, c'est un long chemin.

Ca fait 20 ans que personnellement je suis dessus

jf

--- 帖子 #2181 ---
Hi

can you post CS Strengh indi, please?

--- 帖子 #2182 ---
bring this system back from the dead

short nzdusd .5812

--- 帖子 #2183 ---
enter at wrong moment, but the bear trend was good! need to improve by....? now i realize there are faked breakout candles. that's it great

--- 帖子 #2184 ---
short Nzdusd again @.5835

--- 帖子 #2185 ---
@havenoidea

you want to resurrect this thread?

that's simple thing to do ...

Magic 100 is a simple method.

--- 帖子 #2186 ---
Hi Guys,

after making some silly mistakes I decided to try another system 20 50 & 100 MA. This has being great so far, but I reckon this simple 100 trading method is a great idea. I'll be giving it a go as of today.

Thanks

Bob

--- 帖子 #2187 ---
now we wait for this H1 candle to close ....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...

--- 帖子 #2188 ---
we have a H1 sell setup entry

lets see how many R profit this will run

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2189 ---
trading is lonely, hard job & no school. so we hard to learn the hard way. the mistake ways!

well! as you can see the owner of this thread is left. & the method wasnot work well. that was why it is not many people are coming here.

but for me the idea of this method is worth to improving. so good luck

--- 帖子 #2190 ---
oh lalala! another signal it's seen to be valid one

--- 帖子 #2191 ---
the idea of this method it's seen to be a good!

--- 帖子 #2192 ---
EU Sep23 H1 London Open BEEOB

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2193 ---
GU Sep23 H1 London Open BEEOB

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2194 ---
100MA trading is more than 30 years old ...

--- 帖子 #2195 ---
trade#1 +48 pips

trade#2 +25 pips

so far so great

--- 帖子 #2196 ---
trade#1 +57 pips

trade#2 +34 pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2197 ---
Essentially every trend following strategy easily reaps pips when in a good trend. So continue to build your enthusiasm and profits while you can, because when the trend ends, so will your excitement and your money.

--- 帖子 #2198 ---
I think this system has the best performance if we are only looking for engulfing pattern below / above the EMA

--- 帖子 #2199 ---
well! you can give it a shot for a week for a month. good luck

--- 帖子 #2200 ---
Long usdchf @.9829

it is look ok, B+ trade

--- 帖子 #2201 ---
look  at 2h chart

we got 1 valid candle, that's more confirmed, more chances that ll make us getting a happy trade

--- 帖子 #2202 ---
Here again something in this forum, where unfortunately the boss is no longer there

--- 帖子 #2203 ---
Hi,

Do You still use magic 100?

--- 帖子 #2204 ---
Long Eurgbp (live time). let see if i can do double, triple this account w/ dis method or not

--- 帖子 #2205 ---
+45 pips so far

--- 帖子 #2206 ---
Great start, What more could you ask for

--- 帖子 #2207 ---
trade closed +29pips

--- 帖子 #2208 ---
short gbpusd (live time)

--- 帖子 #2209 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2210 ---
close for small gain +14pip

--- 帖子 #2211 ---
usdjpy is looking good 4 shorting

--- 帖子 #2212 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2213 ---
For me was actually only long right, without looking at the ma, I actually love the HMA

--- 帖子 #2214 ---
alright, my acct is back to @ even

let continue, and fixing the problem

short Eurjpy

--- 帖子 #2215 ---
trade close +56 pips

--- 帖子 #2216 ---
Audnzd is look good 4 shorting

--- 帖子 #2217 ---
Was this a bad trade? Why?

--- 帖子 #2218 ---
What you guys think of this trade?

--- 帖子 #2219 ---
Too much far away from the Ema 100. Long trend ending and coming back.  The best entries are at the beginning of the cross of the price with ema 100.

--- 帖子 #2220 ---
again

audnzd is look good for long

--- 帖子 #2221 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2222 ---
trade against your strategy ? better result ?

--- 帖子 #2223 ---
What do you mean?

--- 帖子 #2224 ---
selling instead of buying

--- 帖子 #2225 ---
short gbpusd

--- 帖子 #2226 ---
+62 pips

--- 帖子 #2227 ---
Audusd is look good for long

--- 帖子 #2228 ---
+45pips so far, what a great start for the week

--- 帖子 #2229 ---
+53 pips so far

also h1 chart is showing an entry, add more

--- 帖子 #2230 ---
Hi havenoida,

can you share your MA setting or template ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2231 ---
You only need 100EMA

--- 帖子 #2232 ---
copy and paste  ma-crossover alert.mq5 into Indicator folder

good luck

--- 帖子 #2233 ---
thank you havenoidea, any spesific rule for entry and exit ? or just following the original rule ?

--- 帖子 #2234 ---
short eurjpy

--- 帖子 #2235 ---
+124 pips, pretty good 4 a night

--- 帖子 #2236 ---
short usdchf

--- 帖子 #2237 ---
EURJPY H1 short trade, I opened it yesterday afternoon.

--- 帖子 #2238 ---
NZDUSD H1 long trade, loser

--- 帖子 #2239 ---
nice catch, i miss that one

--- 帖子 #2240 ---
you shoud move the stop loss to breakeven

--- 帖子 #2241 ---
+31pips

--- 帖子 #2242 ---
Thanks for the tip. I will do that next time.

I love this simple strategy.

--- 帖子 #2243 ---
Unfortunately, I don't speak English, I use Google Translate. Look this up for me.

Yen pairs were also good today. I closed all trades, it's Friday. The result of yesterday and today: 29 trades, of which 9 were losers and 6 reached TP2, +6.7% profit.

--- 帖子 #2244 ---
no problem at all, a lot of people on this site, English isn't their mother language

your win rate is about 69% , damn pretty good, if you can do the same for 3 months market cycle, you will be profitable trader for sure

--- 帖子 #2245 ---
That would be very good. I long for success. For that, however, I need nicely trending pairs and a little luck.

--- 帖子 #2246 ---
we need no luck, luck wont last for life. do more analysis

--- 帖子 #2247 ---
nzdjpy is look good for sell

--- 帖子 #2248 ---
trade close 4 a lose

--- 帖子 #2249 ---
Long audcad

--- 帖子 #2250 ---
long nzdusd

--- 帖子 #2251 ---
it is still good to buy again

--- 帖子 #2252 ---
Would this location be too high? The price is about to reach the 0.6510 resistance level.

--- 帖子 #2253 ---
Yesterday GBPUSD golden cross

--- 帖子 #2254 ---
long nzdusd again

--- 帖子 #2255 ---
you tell me why those examples with lower price didnot work ? you gotta go back to post 1 and understand what  was Minotawr wrote. good luck

--- 帖子 #2256 ---
you got that one ? i missed it,

--- 帖子 #2257 ---
A few days ago, the golden cross also appeared on the NZDUSD, not yet on the AUDUSD, but soon.

--- 帖子 #2258 ---
will this cadchf work ! short

--- 帖子 #2259 ---
trade close gain nothing

--- 帖子 #2260 ---
short chfjpy

--- 帖子 #2261 ---
EURAUD long

--- 帖子 #2262 ---
AUDCAD short

Closed with a small profit

--- 帖子 #2263 ---
AUDUSD short

Closed with a small loss

--- 帖子 #2264 ---
GPPJPY two long trades, first closed on TP2.

The second is at break even.

I closed the second above TP1

--- 帖子 #2265 ---
EURJPY is at break even.

closed at TP2

--- 帖子 #2266 ---
Hello, maybe I see an entry, at your entry it would not have been a magic

--- 帖子 #2267 ---
This does not appear to be an opening according to the rules. Sorry!

--- 帖子 #2268 ---
GBPCHF H1

They could have run for higher profits

--- 帖子 #2269 ---
This is not a regular opening. I'm sorry

--- 帖子 #2270 ---
Then tell us what you're looking for

--- 帖子 #2271 ---
Wiederholen Sie Bitte, Ihre Frage deutsch. Ich habe sie nicht verstanden.

--- 帖子 #2272 ---
Wie sind denn deine Einstiegsregeln ?

--- 帖子 #2273 ---
Ich habe privat antwortet.

--- 帖子 #2274 ---
My first loss today

--- 帖子 #2275 ---
GBPJPY

BuyStop

s. Chart

atb vvm Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2276 ---
THAT IS A MASTER CLASS

I trade that way just diferent ma set up

--- 帖子 #2277 ---
Funny how people say this doesn't work when it clearly does. Even with 40% success @ 2:1 it still works

The issue is with yourself if you can't make this work. I still trade a different strategy someone else taught me but I use this method to enter my trades and the combo is powerful.

I'm glad people are still using this strategy, it works.

We all must thank Minotaur.

--- 帖子 #2278 ---
GBPJPY

closed 1:1,5

s. Chart

atb vvm
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2279 ---
Today's results with Magic100:

CAD/JPX +22,5

CHF/JPY    -9,6

EUR/JPY    -1,7

GBP/JPY +49,4

NZD/JPY +33,5 pip

=94,1 pip

--- 帖子 #2280 ---
For pusztafie, post 13.01.23
NZDUSD H1 long trade, loser

s. Chart

atb
vvm

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2281 ---
short audnzd, range ? no problem

--- 帖子 #2282 ---
that's pretty nice result

--- 帖子 #2283 ---
Thank you very much!

--- 帖子 #2284 ---
Post 1 on the Chart

s. Chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

atb vvm

--- 帖子 #2285 ---
Thank you very much for the summary. It is useful for all of us.

--- 帖子 #2286 ---
AUDCAD H1

--- 帖子 #2287 ---
Hallo,

PA works on all TFs

GBPUSD M30 solled

SL moved to BE because of Support

s. Chart

atb

vvm

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2288 ---
audjpy's look good for a long

--- 帖子 #2289 ---
Looking at that one as well ... placed buy limit order

--- 帖子 #2290 ---
havenoidea

Great Call, thanks

Closed +50, RR 1:2

atb vvm

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2291 ---
Hallo

s. Chart

atb

vvm
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2292 ---
you welcome, we are learning

--- 帖子 #2293 ---
my scan catch Gbpusd for long today

--- 帖子 #2294 ---
fail

h1 trade fail, h8 trade not fail yet

--- 帖子 #2295 ---
Gold cross on AUDUSD!

--- 帖子 #2296 ---
Only concern I have is that it's hitting a strong level of resistance. Personally I'll monitor it to see if it can get through that traffic (with possibility of retrace) and possibly resuming bullish trend

--- 帖子 #2297 ---
You are perfectly right!

--- 帖子 #2298 ---
GBPUSD H1

Bought

IMHO:

1. it is third HL, the Trend is up

2. it is a bounce from MA100

2.1 the first bear Bar is a propper BuySignal after MAgic100

2.2 the second Bar is a Bull bar, it is a BuySignal Bullish 2 BarReversal

the next bull Bar is a Bullish OB

s. Chart

atb

vvm
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2299 ---
USDJPJ H1

IMHO a Buy Signal

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #2300 ---
Hope it goes well with GBPUSD and as a beginner how I see it is its been trading in a range since 18th January between 12300 and 12420. As you say it is sitting around the 100 EMA which is approximately mid range but if you apply a 20 EMA it is trading below this but I have only used this to try and give some direction about its next move. If you go out to a daily you will see its in an uptrend but has stalled around 12430 which it has not gone above since June 2022.

Still trying to learn how to analyise charts but hopefully someone else can make sense of what I am saying!!!

--- 帖子 #2301 ---
Seems you are right, lets see how it will end..

--- 帖子 #2302 ---
He alanh,

I simple try to catch 30p here in this Range

RR is 1:1

I don't make a large Analysie

I see the last Bar is bearish, did't make a new DailyLow

and closed above MA100

IMHO

in this Range (this H1 Chart) MA20 does't have a big meaning

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #2303 ---
Hi vvm,

Thought you were in for a longer trade than 30p and hope it goes well for you as it has been bouncing off the 100EMA for four or five hours. I'm still learning all the time and just wondered what the red and dotted lines above the 100EMA are for?

--- 帖子 #2304 ---
alan

the white Line is a BuyLine

UpperRedLine is my TPLine

LowerRedLine is my SL

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #2305 ---
Alan,

I trade the FloorTradingSystem with 8,20EMAs

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #2306 ---
Thanks for replies and I have also been using 8 and 21EMA's to show direction quicker than the 100EMA although I know this topic is only about 100EMA.

--- 帖子 #2307 ---
alan

Yes U are right,

but for MAgic100 they are not important

forget them

remove them from your Chart

if U want to trade this simple System

atb

vvm

--- 帖子 #2308 ---
trade close for small lose

--- 帖子 #2309 ---
eurcad is ready for a longing

--- 帖子 #2310 ---
Hi to everybody,

in 3 days I have read all the pages and, for me, is forming a signal on usdcad h1. If forms a green candle, we can go on sell.What do you think?

Thank you.

Leonardo
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2311 ---
entry is corrected, but magic100 is just a signal, nothing else, &....

--- 帖子 #2312 ---
another signal of eurcad for longing

--- 帖子 #2313 ---
Eurusd! look for a sell signal

--- 帖子 #2314 ---
euraud is look good for a long

--- 帖子 #2315 ---
i think this one is choppy, we should stay out

--- 帖子 #2316 ---
Hi

AUDUSD H4 Bought

There are 2 BuySetups @ once

1. Magic100

2. Bulish 2 Bar Reversal, Bounse from MA100 and D1Channel

RR about 1:1.25

s. Charts

atb

vvm
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2317 ---
Hi altogether,

after 40p in my Direction moved SL to BE

s. Chart

It works!!!!

atb

vvm

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2318 ---
GBPJPY H1

EURNZD H1

--- 帖子 #2319 ---
Since my entry would have been, minotawr once said that he trades almost only in the morning

--- 帖子 #2320 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2321 ---
Who was in here?

--- 帖子 #2322 ---
Unfortunately, I don't

--- 帖子 #2323 ---
H4 AUDUSD Bought

s. Chart

atb

vvm

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2324 ---
I didn't dare, the movement before was very big. VVM would always look at closing prices

--- 帖子 #2325 ---
Wouldn't you be stopped in the first green candle?

--- 帖子 #2326 ---
I had the resistance lying there, my stop would have been a little deeper

--- 帖子 #2327 ---
short gbpcad , good luck all

--- 帖子 #2328 ---
GU, TP3 reached

--- 帖子 #2329 ---
Congratulations!

--- 帖子 #2330 ---
There are always possibilities

--- 帖子 #2331 ---
for p 2,332

Hi altogether,

s. Charts

atb

vvm Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2332 ---
The system, which you have the first entry or direction from the H4 and all others build in the h1, I find very good

--- 帖子 #2333 ---
entry @ wrong moment, but if you know you are on the right track, you still ok

another signal @h2

+140 pips for trade 1

+120 pips for trade 2

magic100 is wasted time

--- 帖子 #2334 ---
Magie

--- 帖子 #2335 ---
EURGBP H4

IMHO:

Possible Buy

s. Chart

atb

vvm Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2336 ---
Hi good day everyone, is anyone still using this Magic 100 strategy, is the strategy profitable . I’m a new baby. Pls i need help . Anyone who can explain to me better . I’ve read all the thread

--- 帖子 #2337 ---
Good morning and happy new week

--- 帖子 #2338 ---
CADJOY H1

--- 帖子 #2339 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2340 ---
AUDJPY H1, i closed it manually near TP1.

--- 帖子 #2341 ---
USDCAD H1

--- 帖子 #2342 ---
CADJPY H4 , manual closed

--- 帖子 #2343 ---
This is a losing trade. The error is also obvious to me. How do you see it?

--- 帖子 #2344 ---
I have not read the whole thread yet - will do. However this strategy is so simple and reading post #1 is enough. I start trading it now.

I think the hard thing is to know when a pair will start being profittable. My take will be to find the exact point where it bounce from the H4 and then start trading at H1. I will take many trades at the same pair and hopefully several of them at the same day.

I allways use EMA50 whenever other people use EMA100 or EMA200.

It seems that OP died of the Corona. Last time he was active he catched the Corona and were never heard from again. We sadly lost many members to that illness. What a waste.

--- 帖子 #2345 ---
2 things.

1) You shouls allways place your order some pips above the last high.

2) You traded an instrument that were ranging. The graph need to show a lot of activity.

--- 帖子 #2346 ---
You're absolutely right. I hope I don't make such a deer mistake again.

--- 帖子 #2347 ---
Another losing trade on CHFJPY. Maybe I should have used a bigger stop

--- 帖子 #2348 ---
Thanks for the USD news!

--- 帖子 #2349 ---
Yes a bigger stop.

I made 3 setups today, none of them did trade.

--- 帖子 #2350 ---
To make it easier, use the Zig Zag tool.

BUY: look for magic 100 entries when a leg down zig zag appears whilst price is above the 100EMA. H1 or higher.

SELL: look for magic 100 entries when a leg up zig zag appears whilst price is below the 100EMA. H1 or higher.

Usually works best during the first pullback above or below 100EMA

Simple and EASY!

--- 帖子 #2351 ---
Attached File(s)   Clive's Histogram CCI.ex4

16 KB
|
334 downloads

Even easier, use this indicator from Clive Packham.

SELL: When you see green lines on Histogram CCI go past 100, it means it is a good pullback in a downtrend so you can look for Magic 100 entries.

BUY: When you see the red lines on Histogram CCI go past -100, it means it is a good pullback in an uptrend so you can look for Magic 100 entries.

See below the SELL examples.

I don't trade small magic 100 candles so this is just an example. My template that I use is also different to this, this is just to stay how Magic 100 should be.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2352 ---
Thank you for those fine ideas. I am a lousy manual trader. I must have signals that tells me when to trade.

So I will try this tomorrow. Unfortunately I have some business to do during the day, so it is a bit uncertain if I get any trading done.

--- 帖子 #2353 ---
GBPNZD H1

--- 帖子 #2354 ---
GBPCAD H1, closed at TP1

--- 帖子 #2355 ---
Nice. Good that you made more room at the SL this time.

I made no trades today.

--- 帖子 #2356 ---
The trade on GBPNZD was planned while it was ranging - and in the top of that range. That is not following the rules and bit of a lucky punch. And the next 2 bars were very close to take you out.

OP said this in post #1: All you need is a strong trend, a 100EMA and common sense. We only take trades in the direction of the trend!

So this strategy is about finding a strong trend like the GBPCAD trade you made and then take trades.

--- 帖子 #2357 ---
I made this mornings overview. Those are the pairs that are candidates right now om TF H1. All are trending. Most are also tradeable on H4.

But note, I am using EMA50. Anyway they are trending no matter which EMA you are using.

AUDCHF Short

AUDJPY Short

CADCHF Short

EURAUD Long

EURCAD Long

EURCHF Long

EURNZD Long

GBPAUD Long

GBPCAD Long

GBPCHF Short

GBPNZD Long

NZDCHF Short

NZDJPY Short

USDCAD Long

--- 帖子 #2358 ---
A small hint. Making that list of strong trending pairs of H1 gives me the daily trades on other tools than the Magic100 also. I go to M15 and trade only in the direction of the H1 trend. That function is built into some of my robots too.

The reason that I go to M15 is, that I am normally swing trading and that cannot be done at H1, because the swing is allready ongoing. But on lower TF it is possible to get in after the reversals.

By the way, I will not be trading manually today. I have some stuff to do and I am also a bit afraid of fridays.

--- 帖子 #2359 ---
There is a lot of trending in the Forex market right now.

This is the list of pairs that I will trade on monday - all trending at H1:

AUDCHF Short

AUDJPY Short

CADCHF Short

CADJPY Short

EURAUD Long

EURCAD Long

EURCHF Short

EURUSD Long

GBPAUD Long

GBPCAD Long

GBPNZD Long

NZDCAD Long

NZDCHF Short

NZDJPY Short

USDCAD Long

USDCHF Short

--- 帖子 #2360 ---
one trade a day

--- 帖子 #2361 ---
And it is going very well. Fine choice.

--- 帖子 #2362 ---
And I have no doubt, that it is possible to make a fine living makin one pair every day. But I sit here anyway and must have something to do, so I trade many pairs.

As this is the first time that I trade this strategy, I only trade 0.01 lot at each trade. But here are the 6 trades that I chosed today.

As I read the thread the winning percent is about 45%. So loosing 3 trades and winning 3 trades at 1:3 provides a profit at 6%. Nice.

--- 帖子 #2363 ---
And by the way - I am a loucy manual trader. Never dared to go for than 1:2, even at a demo account. But that is history, I am going for 1:3 at this strategy.

--- 帖子 #2364 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

after winning you can now make some calm trades

--- 帖子 #2365 ---
after the 2 strong candles, I think it goes further down

--- 帖子 #2366 ---
USDJPY H1

--- 帖子 #2367 ---
but would have run into the SL

--- 帖子 #2368 ---
5 trades today. Lost 4 and one is still running.

--- 帖子 #2369 ---
Which trades?

--- 帖子 #2370 ---
could you pls provide which trades which time, all from magic 100 method?

--- 帖子 #2371 ---
nice.

could you pls share your template, or the 3 indicators on chart?

--- 帖子 #2372 ---
See here

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...o-read-markets?

--- 帖子 #2373 ---
Long usdjpy

good luck all

--- 帖子 #2374 ---
thank you.

1/ trend strength RSI-MTF

2/ MTF dashboard V3, Iam not sure this the indicator; looking different from Laura and from pusztafie, BTW I think I stick with the indicator from Laura template, I am not sure how pusztafie evaluate information from EMA100 with SMA200 to form a decision. only curious why pusztafie merges the two average types

3/ what is the third indicator, do you think?

--- 帖子 #2375 ---
Naturally.

--- 帖子 #2376 ---
I use several strategies in parallel, only in different time frames.

--- 帖子 #2377 ---
This looks good.

--- 帖子 #2378 ---
Beware, there is a double top on USDCHF.

--- 帖子 #2379 ---
I guess you mean a double bottom? And right upon the MA. That should give a nice Long signal.

But then again - it is friday.

--- 帖子 #2380 ---
double bottom low, double top high, right?

--- 帖子 #2381 ---
0.9285 is a potential flip zone, many upper wick, and small gap down, indicated buyers tried to push but met strong sell force. When it broke 0.9285 and retest completed then the move up is safe. if not it could be a trap before a strong down.

H1 ma50 crossed up ma200, but before that ma200 cross down ma800, the effect of that being down stronger, than up. icould go down to 0.9265 before move up

Seeing that with gold, anti-corelation pair, in H1 gold seemed to respect prev day high before the NY session, then strong force came in push gold passed prev dayhigh. it could aim 1970, 200 pips higher than last week high. Unless money is nothing, gold is too OB, it has to retraced from that high, before going higher.

The force is clearer on gold, some force pushed that up, so if UF for going up due to the double bottom we could see at sometime both gold anf UF going up, then later from 1970 gold retrace while UF getting the force moving up.

Before that it will sweep the high and the low SL both sides lose on UF

--- 帖子 #2382 ---
For me it is sideways but upwards, I would only go in with the next pullback

--- 帖子 #2383 ---
Time will tell. It is also possible, that a triple top will emerge.

--- 帖子 #2384 ---
You sir is king.   I'll share this to my wife.

--- 帖子 #2385 ---
short GBPNZD

--- 帖子 #2386 ---
Eurcad - H1

--- 帖子 #2387 ---
Hey guys,

how are you all doing, Im new here, and this forum attract me the most, i have perform a checking and everything is legit. But i have one concern, do u guys set P.O after the engulfing candle close?

--- 帖子 #2388 ---
First of thanks to Minotawr for this thread and system. Today ı watched EurGbp because of nice downtrend. And take profit with 3R.

--- 帖子 #2389 ---
Today EurGbp again. Very fast tp with 3R.

--- 帖子 #2390 ---
Today EurUsd short trade and take profir 2R. And it could be 3R.

--- 帖子 #2391 ---
This strategy is amazing. I just tried to evaluate the strategy with M1 data since 2012. I grouped M1 data into M5 and H1 data for analysis.

It has a 0.2-0.5% edge to the win rate with 1:2 RR in volatile pairs.

From my point of view, this strategy is not generally applicable. We need to assess why some of the time can work well. There should be some 'feature' that makes it do better.

The interesting thing is:

1. Don't add more rules like ADX ranging market detection. It will just lower the edge.

I observed when using ADX as a ranging market filter, such as ADX value > 25, and tweaking some values with +DI and -DI, it will lower the average return per trade. Maybe the trend is saturated after the 'trending indication' by ADX, which lowers the possible reward per trade.

2. Use M5 better than H1.

Even though H1 and M5 have roughly the same win rate, the data shows that M5 has more revenue than H1 in most cases.

3. Use it in trending pairs. Avoid pairs like EURUSD.

The average reward per trade in pairs like EURUSD is relatively smaller. We won't have enough return to cover the spread even with a 0.5% win rate edge in 1:2 RRR.

Although the result seems Okay, as the quote "Things can go wrong will go wrong", we should avoid such risk.

4. Only trade in London and the US market.

If you include Asian Market Time, the edge will be instantly gone. It should be caused by insufficient volatility.

P.S: All results are computed with spread. The EURUSD spread is around 0.1-0.3. The USDJPY spread is around 0.7-1.0, etc.

--- 帖子 #2392 ---
Today trade in GBPJPY with uptrend. I closed near 2R.

--- 帖子 #2393 ---
Hello afdx, I hope you are well and thanks for sharing your trades. I have a question. Before you finally entered the trade, I noticed that there were 3 red candles that were immediately followed by green candles. Is there a reason why you never entered those trades?

--- 帖子 #2394 ---
Thank you for questions. Its a valid setup. But sometimes ı cant follow market for my business. If ı were front of computer ı could enter, loss 1R. After enter my trade gain 2R or 3R

--- 帖子 #2395 ---
I showed my trades generally succesfull. I want show today's trade from EurUsd. I made mistake with fear of stoploss. I opened trade after go down 1R ı moved stoploss to BE, then my trade to be stoploss. If ı use rule and dont move stoploss BE ı could take 3R.

--- 帖子 #2396 ---
Today open buy trade at EurNzd with uptrend and take profit 2R.

--- 帖子 #2397 ---
Today ı open two trades at GbpNzd with uptrend. First trade stop losed 1R. Then second trade take profit 2R. One loss one succesful trade but gain 1R.

--- 帖子 #2398 ---
I opened trade at EurUsd with uptrend. Some markets close today, forex market slowly so i take profit 2R.

--- 帖子 #2399 ---
Hello

Does this EA still perform well ?

GitHub - xmess7/Magi100

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #2400 ---
Hi. I didn't try it before.

--- 帖子 #2401 ---
Thanks for your replay.

Is there anyone using this EA ?

--- 帖子 #2402 ---
After having made EA's for many years, I think the secret is: Find a very trending pair, which you would trade anyway. Start the EA and let it do the work for you. When the trend is over, move the EA to a better pair trending right now.

--- 帖子 #2403 ---
Thanks for your replay.

--- 帖子 #2404 ---
Today trade GbpAud with nice uptrend. Take profit at 3R.

--- 帖子 #2405 ---
GbpAud again. Take profit 2R.

--- 帖子 #2406 ---
Thanks Minotawr for this thread!

Although I have been reading this thread since 2020. But only now have I tested your system!

The system is very simple and uncomplicated as far as I ever thought!

I have been operating for a week, everything seems to be in control of the trade, win and lose like control SL!

One more time thank you very much!

--- 帖子 #2407 ---
Anhthu0491d

Is there any chance of getting your template and indicators for the above post?

--- 帖子 #2408 ---
rcbarlow,

Honesty is the best Policy.

cpfleger

--- 帖子 #2409 ---
NzdUsd with nice uptrend. Good trade with 3R.

--- 帖子 #2410 ---
I've been using my own version of 100 magic for many years. (2005)

I call it buy red sell green.  I use a 50SL and 100TP

I use a more aggressive gamblers approach to my lot sizing that many would not have the appetite for but that's my choice.

There is a certain amount of exp needed to trade it.  Knowing where S/R zones are, knowing when a trend is going sideways, and a general feel for the momentum.

I don't use anything less than D1.  If there are no trades for weeks on end its ok. (I have a scalping system I play with as well).

A buy red signal on the daily Pound chart will move 100 pips easy.  GJ as well but if trading GJ, EJ I recommend opening the stop and TP up to handle the daily range of the candle, as always move to BE at 50% of the move + 10pip.  I found that you will hit BE from time to time and that's frustrating when price hits target after BE but that's trading.  Better to BE than SL.

I started using this when I was using Ninja trader and trading ES and Russel on h1 charts, so this super easy system works on everything even daily cattle charts if that's your thing.

I'm surprised more people are not using Swingmans boat signals indy.  It's a good visual tool, but I understand these signals are so easy a child could see them, and clean charts are the best.

The way he (SM)has implemented ATR is interesting, but with moving to BE at 50% I have few losers.  However I like how you could use the indy to get a more guaranteed TP vs my 100TP or BE.

--- 帖子 #2411 ---
short usdjpy

--- 帖子 #2412 ---
add more, short again

--- 帖子 #2413 ---
trade 1: +129 pips

trade 2: +40 pips

so far not bad

--- 帖子 #2414 ---
trades closed

trade 1: +147 pips

trade 2: +58 pips

--- 帖子 #2415 ---
short Usdcad

--- 帖子 #2416 ---
watchlist usdjpy

look for a shorting soon

--- 帖子 #2417 ---
trade closed

+24 pips

--- 帖子 #2418 ---
long Sgdjpy

--- 帖子 #2419 ---
trade closed for a small lost, even it go up, but i dont feel right about this trade

-4

-4

--- 帖子 #2420 ---
i missed those profitable trade, i cant stay and watch market all day.

--- 帖子 #2421 ---
Long Eurchf

--- 帖子 #2422 ---
Excellent system for creating bias. A dose of common sense, and everything will be very assertive.

--- 帖子 #2423 ---
-13 pips

--- 帖子 #2424 ---
Long Nzdcad

2 candles => still valid ?

--- 帖子 #2425 ---
I find it very interesting when someone comes and says that such a system does not work in the long term. Then I ask: Based on guesswork, do you deduce this information? Everything works within a context. This strategy is very efficient if you implement some basic filters. Stop being silly pretending to be smart. Operating system is something very individual. There are thousands of ways to extract money from the markets.

--- 帖子 #2426 ---
GBPJPY, Sell

On screen EMA100 and Hull 200

Edit: Hit stoploss

--- 帖子 #2427 ---
Well said.... this strategy works extremely well with the implementation of some basic filters and understanding of the markets.

--- 帖子 #2428 ---
what are these filters?

the strategy has changed a lot from when the OP posted the first post.

--- 帖子 #2429 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2430 ---
Right. OP mentioned no filters.

From post #1: All you need is a strong trend, a 100EMA and common sense. We only take trades in the direction of the trend!

From post #3: Thanks my friend. Yeah, people always try to complicate systems. They cannot believe the Power of simplicity.

--- 帖子 #2431 ---
NZDUSD looks promising

1H in nice down trend bouncing off resistance channel

2H and 3H down trending

Waiting for candle close to set brackets

--- 帖子 #2432 ---
NZDUSD looks promising

Daily MA20 already arrived

SL under Daily MA100 0.6195

TP 0.6300
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2433 ---
It was a bit late entry but looks working till now this strategy can save me )

--- 帖子 #2434 ---
gbpchf look so bearish

2 short signals in the past

--- 帖子 #2435 ---
1HR chart was showing downtrend. You got in too early & If you were taking the trade on the D1 then it was a better idea to set a pending above the last down D1 candle (0.6241).

--- 帖子 #2436 ---
short eurjpy

--- 帖子 #2437 ---
Is this strategy profitable??

--- 帖子 #2438 ---
long chfjpy @165.18

--- 帖子 #2439 ---
No.

--- 帖子 #2440 ---
Hi,

Here on this forum as on other forums, no strategy, I mean none, free or paid, is really profitable in the long term

Have a good day

jf

--- 帖子 #2441 ---
Long eurnzd

--- 帖子 #2442 ---
Just took the Mark Douglas approach to this strategy and achieved 14 wins from 20 trades on USDJPY. All trades taken in the London session over the last 2 weeks and averaged +12 pips total per trade over the 20 trades. Happy enough with that. Running another exercise on EURJPY and have completed only 6 trades thus far and 4 winners will report back when i've completed all 20.

A very simple method but thus far it's looking good. All trades taken on live account btw. I already run with a longer term swing strategy that has been golden for me but only making 1 or maybe two trades a week so i'll leaving that as my bread and butter whilst looking at this as a shorter term option if the forward testing works.

--- 帖子 #2443 ---
Hello again. Todays setups from GbpUsd and CadJpy. Two setups takeprofit near 2R.

--- 帖子 #2444 ---
Today was my first day trading this simple system, but powerfull system, and so far it has been profitable.

I have taken 25% partial profit at tp1 and tp2 - putting the stoploss to breakeven and tp1 - and letting it run to full at tp3.

What I would like to hear what you guys do - do you just set a fixed 1:2 RR or 1:3 - and do you take partial profits or just wait for either tp og sl?

--- 帖子 #2445 ---
Firstly I take profit 2R then move sl to breakeven, second take profit at 3R.

Today my EurGbp trade, take profit at 2R.

--- 帖子 #2446 ---
How much profit in procentage do you close at tp2?

--- 帖子 #2447 ---
Generaly half Tp1 and half tp2.

Today ı taked two trade from GbpUsd. One stop one takeprofit. Total ı gain 1R.

--- 帖子 #2448 ---
Hello everybody. Today ı taked position at EurGbp wit nice uptrend. First tp at 3R and second tp more then 4R.

--- 帖子 #2449 ---
Todays second trade from EurUsd with down trend. I close possition about 1,5R because of support.

--- 帖子 #2450 ---
GbpAud trade, take profit with 2R.

--- 帖子 #2451 ---
This is really a good strategy I joined in 2022... I left forex trading since then I hope to come back and refresh my memory on this strategy

--- 帖子 #2452 ---
Has anybody being able to redefined the strategy?

--- 帖子 #2453 ---
short Cadchf

--- 帖子 #2454 ---
AUDUSD is look good for a long setup

--- 帖子 #2455 ---
Kindly guide am learning this technique

can there be a possibility to get an entry on AUDCAD

--- 帖子 #2456 ---
From post #1: All you need is a strong trend, a 100EMA and common sense. We only take trades in the direction of the trend!

I count 4 MA's and the Fractals on your chart. Why are you posting here? It would be nice if you made your own threath and explained your setup.

--- 帖子 #2457 ---
Good morning!

May I ask you for this beautiful TPL (and indies if possible)?

Thank you anyway.

--- 帖子 #2458 ---
This is not an indicator, but a modified Fibonacci channel.

--- 帖子 #2459 ---
Sure I see Fibo, thank you

I meant all other indicators on the screen and your calm colors as a TPL

--- 帖子 #2460 ---
Sorry, you are asking for the TPL file. I misunderstood the first one.

Indicators can be found in post 2383.

--- 帖子 #2461 ---
EURUSD H1

BPUSD H1, I was more skilled here, I didn't have a fixed TP before CPI, and of course I was lucky.

--- 帖子 #2462 ---
Right opposite experience

--- 帖子 #2463 ---
What EMA are you using? The picture is definitely not EMA 100.

--- 帖子 #2464 ---
100. it's NZDUSD

--- 帖子 #2465 ---
Ok, that makes sense. I also placed a pending order on NZDUSD, I canceled it because of a bad feeling.

--- 帖子 #2466 ---
i loved his idea! still trying to mixing this strategy with somethings

--- 帖子 #2467 ---
Hi Pusztafie,

Thank you for the Template am learning, i know the market can do anything this is my take for AUDUSD Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2468 ---
AUDUSD update

--- 帖子 #2469 ---
Be careful, though - the huge spike from 2 days ago still contaminates these signals.

--- 帖子 #2470 ---
Thanks for the advice I closed at BE and let the last trade run

--- 帖子 #2471 ---
NZDJPY

--- 帖子 #2472 ---
I wish you very good luck with it. It's not one I would try, with the MA apparently about to change direction. Your 1:2 target is just above heavy resistance, too? I would definitely be trying for not more than 1:1.5, if trading this one.

But good luck!!

--- 帖子 #2473 ---
Thanks for the advice i will be closing it since am not seeing any movement

--- 帖子 #2474 ---
CADJPY H1, 1:3

--- 帖子 #2475 ---
Going for AUDNZD

--- 帖子 #2476 ---
TP 1 1.07315 in

--- 帖子 #2477 ---
Update target hit AUDNZD 1.07145

--- 帖子 #2478 ---
EURCAD, EURJPY,GBPJPY,CADCHF,EURAUD,EURUSD are on the list waiting for Ff and London

--- 帖子 #2479 ---
Hi Pusztafie, Can you please upload the indicators and temples. Sarju

--- 帖子 #2480 ---
Attached File(s)   CurrencyStrengthAlerts.ex4

49 KB
|
259 downloads

Attached File(s)   Symbol_PPD.ex4

47 KB
|
236 downloads

Attached File(s)   MTF DashBoard v3.ex4

76 KB
|
251 downloads

Attached File(s)   Waddah Attar Explosion BT.ex4

30 KB
|
230 downloads

Attached File(s)   Triple super trend histo.ex4

46 KB
|
256 downloads

Attached File(s)   TrendStrength - RSI-MTF (1).ex4

16 KB
|
268 downloads

Attached File(s)   Magic100.tpl

38 KB
|
243 downloads

--- 帖子 #2481 ---
Thank you pusztafie

--- 帖子 #2482 ---
Willingly! Get a lot of green pips with it!

--- 帖子 #2483 ---
My version is on D charts.  I sell the green in down trend buy the red in up till it ends.

I have 2 ways to trade.  One way: I risk 50SL TP 100  but as I said I use a gamblers lot size approach.  I will double 50 bucks 10 bucks 1k bucks just depends on where I am in my wash rinse repeat.  After 50% move my EA moves SL to BE +2 pips.  (that does not always cover swap)

my second way is every 20 pips I place a sell in down trend which is determined by 5ma smoothed and 13ma smoothed.

SL depends on the pair ex gold is 200 SL 300Tp on each order.

.

On EU it would be 50SL 100TP for every order.  Crazy money management which I'll not explain (Gamblers mess)  I'll keep stacking up orders cashing in as the trend goes my way.

I've done this long enough to know 5 stacks is safe after that it's probably going to retrace consolidated then move a new direction.

Here is a screen shot of 1st method this month.

--- 帖子 #2484 ---
Anybody trading this for longer than a year? How it's going?

--- 帖子 #2485 ---
Very well, thanks.

There have been people trading this and almost identical and very similar methods for well over 100 years (maybe not the same people!!) since it was first described.

It’s just very simple, very basic price action: long entry a tick above a retracement bar in an uptrend, and vice-versa.

Nothing difficult. Almost no indicators. No EA’s. No frills. No gimmicks. No complications. No tricks. No automation. Just simplicity, reliability and a basic understanding of price action.

Not what most people here want, at all, but one of probably only about 3 "systems" here that are genuine, robust and successful.

--- 帖子 #2486 ---
Thanks.

My main issue is on which retrace candle enter the trade. Because several retracement get more red/green candle that break the high but then it keep retracing.

This leads to several back to back losers often.

any thoughts? or do we just try when the retrace is deep, or at every red/green retrace candle? How that is being handle.

--- 帖子 #2487 ---
I use daily or H4 due to my time zone.  You can buy/sell retracement candle on H1 i guess.  The system is not new for sure.

--- 帖子 #2488 ---
Long gold

--- 帖子 #2489 ---
The key to this strategy must be to find the instruments that will trend by using Price Action on higher timeframes. Because if it is not trending then wicks will activate the pendig ordes and the risk of further retracement will then hit the SL.

So at the close of the day you should find the instruments that will fire on D or H4 and then trade those on H1 and M30 during the next day.

Robots could be activated on the instrument - then you can relax in stead of eating your nails.

--- 帖子 #2490 ---
+100 pips already

--- 帖子 #2491 ---
+148 so far

add more long again

--- 帖子 #2492 ---
Long Audjpy

this is long term long position. i dont reallie like this much. waiting time is too long

--- 帖子 #2493 ---
Attached is the weekly to give a better overview. It seems to me, that you are buying against a strong resistance. I expect it to break it - but might take some time. So let's see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #2494 ---
Drawing a channel - on the weekly, it seems to be ready for going high. And yes - there will waiting time.

--- 帖子 #2495 ---
This indicate close to 10 trades a day. A shame that OP is not around anymore.

I might try this strategy again. Did not have succes the last time. But for now - it's christmas and all activities is on Demo until week 2 in the new year.

--- 帖子 #2496 ---
I just had an idea. We often ask if a strategy works. I will test it by building a test robot. But I will not just put on the robot blindly to some pairs - as we normally does.

I will search forex pairs and find some time spans where there were a steep trend on H4. I will attach the robot to that exact time span to see if trading the strategy would have been profitable. I will trade on H1 and M30 and I will test with R:R 1:2 and 1:3.

So as I would in real trading find the trend on H4 and trade on lower timeframes.

So this will be cherry picking the creme on historical data. And in order for the manual trader to have that kind of result in the future, you will have to:Be very clever to find these cherry spans on beforehand and then trade them. Be able to follow the strategy 100% and take ALL TRADES - just like the test robot does.

So this should once and for all reveal if trading this strategy 100% as OP described it in post #1, will be able to make the profit.

This will be a pretty exiting experiment and I will share it here. The work will take place the coming days until New Year.

Give this post a like if you will follow the work.

--- 帖子 #2497 ---
OK - Imade the test robot. Here is the first test of the test. I have some things to work on still. So this is just to show, that things are happening.

When I am ready you will get the chart setups and results on different timeframes and R:R.

--- 帖子 #2498 ---
OK. I used the day to test this strategy. I built the testrobot using the exact rules as stated in #1. Then I tested running the robot on time spans on H1 while H4 was trending.

My findings:If you find a nice trend on H4, then you can trade the strategy with nice profit on H1. You cannot blindly trade it. You need to have some supporting indicators to indicate a trend. So it is hard work to be profittable by this strategy, but it can be done. If you are good at finding trends on H4 you can make money on H1. But if you choose the wrong signals on H4 you will lose.

Of cause you can trade the trends directly at H1 without H4 - as OP suggests, but identifying the trend on H4, then you have a much longer timespan to trade.

So the challenge is the usual. How do you find the start of a trend. I will suggest the cross of Moving averages on H4 where you can trade the first pullback. As exit I would investigate use of the Heiken_Ashi_Smothed indicator in stead of R:R or as a supplement.

But - I am a lousy manual trader and catching the beginning of a trend is hard for a robot, so I will not go any further with this project.

--- 帖子 #2499 ---
On the other hand, I could give it a go ;O)

This is my channel strategy. I draw a channel and if it is wide, then I divide it with a line in the middle. Note how perfect the middle line work as a S/R line. So in this case, I assume that the H4 chart provides a short signal and that it will exit around the middle line. Look at the H1. There are pips to get. If I am lucky the middle line will be broken and the price will go to the buttom line. Of cause I am trading against the trend, but that can give money too.

I will let the colour of the Smoothed Heiken Ashi dicide when the H4 signal has ended, and until then I will trade the Magic100 from Post#1 on the H1 TF.

I will put on the test robot in live. Of cause it will be on demo. Of cause tomorrow is the very last trading day in this year, so nothing much will happen.

--- 帖子 #2500 ---
Got  it.

--- 帖子 #2501 ---
You don’t learn what you need to know, that way.

To learn what you need to know, and to understand why professionals have been using this system and variants of it for more than a century, you need to test R=0.75 and R=1.0.

This is far more instructive and interesting (and beneficial!).

--- 帖子 #2502 ---
For me today a beautiful fatigue candle

--- 帖子 #2503 ---
Super trade, suitable for textbooks, congratulations!

--- 帖子 #2504 ---
chfjpy with entry

--- 帖子 #2505 ---
Long Eurjpy

--- 帖子 #2506 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2507 ---
Hello Karl.

You even personally recommended me 1:1 in the Prop Trading Topic, risking 0.25% per trade.

I've backtested the strategy for some month of 2023 for only trading the GBP/USD. But that didn't look promising. What is the period over how many markets over how many trades here to be one of the "professional" traders you refer to? So without knowing that, there are still numerous variables. So how do you verify the system is profitable, given the facts it could be executed in a complete different way.

Let's say Trader 1 is trading it over, for example, 12 months, trading 28 currency pairs and taken every single valid signal that the system gave.

Trader 1 ends up profitable

Say Trader 2 (me) is trading it over a 3 month interval (in which period he wants/needs to be profitable in order to be able to make a living from it). He is only trading GBP/USD, has a limited time per day to watch/execute any valid signal found. Therefore, not every signal the system provides is probably traded during the day

Trader 2 ends up losing

So two trader's, two different results. One will say it's profitable, one not.

So. Is there perhaps an EA to be able to test this system better so that you don't have to manually scan and cherry pick signals?

--- 帖子 #2508 ---
Eu today small trade and went out a little earlier

--- 帖子 #2509 ---
Looks like the close of the bullish candle you entered was not below the 100 EMA?

--- 帖子 #2510 ---
I don't trade according to the 100 strategy anymore, I like to look for the exhaustion candle

--- 帖子 #2511 ---
Ah. Okay.

--- 帖子 #2512 ---
There were nice starts today in the GU, EU and UJ. But all of them are still running

--- 帖子 #2513 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2514 ---
Found an entry today, but only achieved 1-2, is enough for today. It's also a holiday in the USA Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2515 ---
It was too early for me to get started

--- 帖子 #2516 ---
Magic 100

--- 帖子 #2517 ---
NZDCAD H1

--- 帖子 #2518 ---
TP 3 achieved

--- 帖子 #2519 ---
I'm out of the trade

--- 帖子 #2520 ---
thanks for the good trading system, i am a newbie improving my knowledge on the way....

--- 帖子 #2521 ---
The strategy seems simple enough, anyone wanna test on demo account? I’m attaching my expert advisor. You can set risk/reward in settings (“takeProfitFactor”). Press 'B' for a Buy order, or 'S' for a Sell order

Here you’re buying the previous candle:
Attached Image

But here you’re selling the previous candle:
Attached Image

(White line is entry, Red line is SL, Blue line is TP)

--- 帖子 #2522 ---
.

Sorry. You are wrong. Look at the first picture on the first page.

--- 帖子 #2523 ---
This strategy works very well. The simpler the better.

--- 帖子 #2524 ---
Eu almost reached R3

--- 帖子 #2525 ---
Good morning. Do you trade with this strategy on a day like today with big announcements please? THANKS

--- 帖子 #2526 ---
No holy grail in forex my opinion is stay away from the market when there is a big announcement

--- 帖子 #2527 ---
Thanks sir

--- 帖子 #2528 ---
Hello Minotawr, I've rea only 12 pages now and restarted with page 1 again. So far I'm very enthousiastic about your simple approach but for dummies like me it seems not simple enough, haha.

So, if I may I would like to ask about the EMA. When trading from H1, it is cristal clear, but trading from M30 of H4 do you use teh same EMA100?  Or is it better to change when in M30 into an EMA 200, or in H4 an EMA 25. If that is the case I would suggest using a MTF Moving Average 100 set into the H1; everytime one changes to a different TF the EMA will change accordingly.....

Thanks,

Ben

--- 帖子 #2529 ---
OP has not been on FF since summer 2020.

--- 帖子 #2530 ---
Hi RiskFighter,

Thanks for your answer. I hope the OP is fine, though.

Would you be able to answer my question; in a nutshell, I'm asking whether the EMA100 used in H1 has to be changed when trading from a different TF?

Thanks,

Ben

--- 帖子 #2531 ---
No, it doesn’t.

It’s up to you - what matters are the underlying principle and the risk management, not the details of the MA used to define the trend.

It doesn’t have to be 100. You can use 75, or 125, or a combination of two faster MA’s (I have seen both 40/90 and 35/85 used).

I strongly advise you to use a smaller R and aim for a higher win-rate than Minotawr originally suggested.

--- 帖子 #2532 ---
Thanks Quikly

Smaller R = 1:2 (instead of 1:4) I guess...

And higher winrate is say trading with 0.05 instead of 0.01 Lot .... ?

Regards,

Ben

--- 帖子 #2533 ---
You got the first right. Smaller R.

And smaller R is what gives a higher winrate.

It has nothing to do with lot size.

--- 帖子 #2534 ---
EURAUD H1

--- 帖子 #2535 ---
I don't always follow the original rules, the movement was clearly short

--- 帖子 #2536 ---
NZDJPY H1, 1:1,4

--- 帖子 #2537 ---
NZDJPY H1, 1:2

--- 帖子 #2538 ---
Sol/usdt (crypto) 1:3 positon

Let's see how it will do

--- 帖子 #2539 ---
Hello Can you give me the levels of your fibos please? THANKS

--- 帖子 #2540 ---
Traders who trade with this system, what is best R:R for this, in you opinion?

--- 帖子 #2541 ---
In institutional circles (where systems based on this and/or very similar are widespread) it’s nearly always 1.0:0.8 or 1.0:0.7, either 0.8 reward to 1.0 risk, or 0.7 reward to 1.0 risk, in other words, less than 1.0.

Retail traders always try for higher reward. Not necessarily wisely.

I use 1.0:1.0.

I have actually seen people using 1.0:1.25, even 1.0:1.5 successfully, with patience and much smaller position-sizes. And lower win-rates, obviously.

1.0:2.0 is seriously wrong, and 1.0:3.0 (as wildly recommended at the start of the thread!!!) is totally insane, in my opinion.

--- 帖子 #2542 ---
So true.

--- 帖子 #2543 ---
You need a very high win-rate to get a good amount of pips if you're doing it 1:1. I also think 1:3 is insane but I still don't think 1:1 will do it. what is your win-rate with it?

--- 帖子 #2544 ---
You are very mistaken, then.

It's definitely right, what's above.

No retail trader should be trying to trade this kind of system (which is brilliant, and a real long-term winner) with an R of anything like 2.0.

1.0 is fine, and sensible, and practical, etc.

--- 帖子 #2545 ---
Hello Mages!

I found a tool that can aid you in finding the right candles to enter on after an established trend.

Keep using the 100 EMA! However, instead of waiting around for an arbitrary moment to start using magic 100, lets use this: Effort Versus Results Explorer. It's a free TradingView indicator, that works wonderfully with this system! I know it sucks to have to use tradingview to chart if you don't already, but no joke, check it out! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's how you can time your entries 1000% better..

Once price is inside an established trend, observe the EVEREX indicator and wait for:

two consecutive bars that are the same color, decently sized, and are roughly filled up to the same level at about 50%.

Below is an example of it working on 1 Hour chart inside trends that aren't even established ( which is not ideal for this strat). It works even better in trending markets.. I'm marking the candles that would give the signal, meaning you would wait for the break of the high or low of the marked candle to enter.

As some other traders mentioned already, shoot for 1:1 RR, which is cleaner, safer, and more realistic.

--- 帖子 #2546 ---
We only need 1 HALF CANDLE..WOW

--- 帖子 #2547 ---
Monitor different pairs 100 EMA strength

--- 帖子 #2548 ---
Been doing this since 2005.  Buy red Sell green on Daily  but in 05 was doing it on ES and few things like grains and meats.  Its about as simple a scalp as it gets.

--- 帖子 #2549 ---
Starting monday I will use this system

--- 帖子 #2550 ---
Hi MachineLean, thanks for sharing the EVEREX indicator.

Any chance you can provide a detailed annotated chart(s) showing how & when the EVEREX indicator indicates a buy or sell signal?

It's not clear to me which bars I should be looking at on the EVEREX indicator, and what it means when they are filled up at the 50% level.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2551 ---
EVEREX measures the difference between effort and result through analysis of volume. now typically in a strong trend , you’ll see a consistent amount of volume coming in or out and this can usually indicate a continuation in the market. So when we see a large influx of volume on the indicator(a large bar) but the effort versus result is completely split (50% bar), It’s a strong indication of continuation and it’s a perfect time to apply the magic 100 strategy. The other indicator you see is just a tool used to display how far price is from the 100 EMA(measured by 1-100) on other pairs.

--- 帖子 #2552 ---
Hares a good example from EURUSD a few hours ago.

EVEREX BAR is relatively larger than the last few bars and is showing a complete 50 50 between effort and result (50%), while price is way above 100EMA

now we just let magic100 do its thing

--- 帖子 #2553 ---
Looks good to enter soon here

--- 帖子 #2554 ---
Could this be a setup? I have set a entry right above last day orange bar and have a SL right under it.

Its the NASDAQ daily graph and its currently trading above the 100EMA.

Also, do we use breakeven at some point in a trade or do we just make it run for the 3R profit?

--- 帖子 #2555 ---
You could say that it is time for it to go further up - unless of cause it is time to change the direction of the trend.

--- 帖子 #2556 ---
Here is another way to watch it. We are in the middle of the channel. It would have been better 5 bars ago.

I once made the robot for the Magic100. It was not profitable. If you find some confluence that can isolate winning trades better, then I will be willing to try it on the robot and share it with you.

--- 帖子 #2557 ---
Lol, there’s no "3R".

This is one of the best threads ever posted here at FF, and if you read the whole thread slowly and carefully (which, clearly, you have not done) you’ll learn a lot from it, and understand how and why many people (and even semi-institutional funds) are making a living from systems extremely similar to this.

But forget 3R, forget moving stop-losses to break-even and forget automation!! That’s emphatically NOT how this works or what it's about, and it will not lead to profits.

--- 帖子 #2558 ---
The issue with threads such as these is that after reading 20-30 pages, one becomes excessively confused due to the multitude of posts. Frequently, the author introduces minor alterations within their posts, which compound over time.

By the way, the author does mention 3R and is using it, see post 89 - so why are you saying there is no 3R?

--- 帖子 #2559 ---
From post #1:
Stop is is under the candle. TP is 2R (R:R is about 1:2 or 1:3)

--- 帖子 #2560 ---
One problem in this strategy is, that the next candle (in a long often go lower, but have a wick that trigger the pending trade). I think maybe it could be an idea to wait one candle before setting the pending.

--- 帖子 #2561 ---
If you had read even just the most recent 10 pages, you would understand that.

Really, really difficult, sometimes, to try to help people, here.

You can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make it drink.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post14767833

--- 帖子 #2562 ---
I understand what you're saying, and sorry. I began by reading the first 20 pages but found myself confused. I didn't backtrack through the pages. Nonetheless, I believe many people may become confused when reading through numerous pages of posts, especially when there are slight changes to the initial post and the strategy described therein.

--- 帖子 #2563 ---
GBPAUD H1, R:R=1:1,4

--- 帖子 #2564 ---
Yes, I agree with you, there. Sorry - I sounded really rude! Wish you good luck with this: it does work!

--- 帖子 #2565 ---
I have read the whole thread - but it is some time ago. Have you seen anything about not taking the trade if the last retracement candle was too small? I think maybe we should have an ATR requirement. Maybe we should then set the pending order in accordance to the 2 last bars in combination.

I have taken some trades in the sandbox today and it is quit often that wicks hit the pending order so that the trade is activated as well as wicks hitting the stoploss stopping a trade which was otherwise perfect.

--- 帖子 #2566 ---
Hello Pusztafie

Thanks for all your postings. They are good inspiration. I have adapted your template in a sandbox as well as the currency strength meter.

All the trades you show here are winners. Have you any idea of your win rate?

--- 帖子 #2567 ---
Now that's a losing trade. The hit rate is 55%. But I don't just trade Magic 100. I like gold and silver on M1.

--- 帖子 #2568 ---
OK. 55% is nice. I make all as 1:2, so 55% would be nice. USDJPY is close now.

--- 帖子 #2569 ---
Try this

buy signal-

1) if price is below 5 Ema and not touching Ema use as alert candle..

2) if price break high of alert candle strategy open trade ..

3) if price move more downside high of alert candle keep change into next candle ..

4) input we can select number of trade per day .as rule should take only 4 signal should execute

5) stop loss is fixed lowest low of last 2 candle and take profit is input multiply of stop loss

--- 帖子 #2570 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2571 ---
coding alerts

--- 帖子 #2572 ---
Nice trade on NU earlier

--- 帖子 #2573 ---
Nice idea. Clearly need some filtering. I would suggest ADX. The + and - signals are quick and reliable. Forget the master signal.

But this is the Magic100 forum and we cannot discuss that here. I will look into your idea and if I find it useable I will PM you. I can make a robot in a few minutes.

--- 帖子 #2574 ---
You’re right. Let’s not clutter this thread. I will start a new thread for the 5EMA system specifically and will await your robot

--- 帖子 #2575 ---
I said I will look into it. I need to think that it is worth the effort. :-) I will play a little with it in this weekend.

--- 帖子 #2576 ---
This is A+ logic for timing good entries with magic 100..

BOS, Pullback bar, Stiffness confirmation

currently long only

--- 帖子 #2577 ---
Is there anyone profitable with this system?

--- 帖子 #2578 ---
yes, but make sure you follow the original strategy by the Minotawr using 1:3 Risk reward on hourly chart when the market is trending, i think he died from Covid few years back(god bless his soul) . The other posters here are adding filters to his simple strat by adding indicators or some market structure nonsense, none of these people are profitable that's why they keep changing and hopping to different strats, so it is best to ignore them.

--- 帖子 #2579 ---
Aren't you getting lot of losses when the trend is ended but the MA still saying uptrend for example?

Did you find a solution to that issue?

Usually they say MA are lagging indicator.

Let me know your opinion.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2580 ---
Yes, very much so. Retail traders and hedge funds, too.

You just need to read the last 3 pages, from this post to the end (and ignore completely the post of "NateBerok" just above this one: he is totally wrong!)

They do, rightly. In this type of system, it's not being used to time the entries, just for directional bias.

--- 帖子 #2581 ---
How do you know hedge fund are using this strategy lol what a joke

--- 帖子 #2582 ---
there is no solution you can't avoid getting series of losses in trading, that's why these other posters are tweaking the system

--- 帖子 #2583 ---
If you rely solely on MA to determine optimal entry conditions you will not be profitable…

the core concept is great though, and I think that’s why so many traders are drawn to it.

--- 帖子 #2584 ---
uh huh, so you're saying Minotawr wasn't profitable

--- 帖子 #2585 ---
don’t know and can’t say I care

--- 帖子 #2586 ---
Hi quickly, I must say that you were right about the risk to reward. Thanks for your contributions in thread.

I just wanted to ask, what is the average win-rate with 1:1? My backtest show something around 60-65%. I wanted to get an correct mindset about the strategy.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2587 ---
Presently back testing it on demo. Apparently, it holds some promise.

--- 帖子 #2588 ---
short

nzdcad testing

--- 帖子 #2589 ---
It would have been possible to get started earlier

--- 帖子 #2590 ---
put in MACD, and upload one for us here

--- 帖子 #2591 ---
Long Nzdjpy

--- 帖子 #2592 ---
EURCHF H1, two trades, one closed with 1:1 R, the other still running.

--- 帖子 #2593 ---
That would have been Magic 100

--- 帖子 #2594 ---
earn 55+ pips

--- 帖子 #2595 ---
Long Chfjpy

--- 帖子 #2596 ---
entry @ fakeout, but i believe it's still good

another long signal

--- 帖子 #2597 ---
USDCHF H1; I hope this hits TP within two hours. If not, I close it by hand.

--- 帖子 #2598 ---
good luck

--- 帖子 #2599 ---
short nzdusd

--- 帖子 #2600 ---
I also opened a buy in USDCHF but in H4. I really think H4 is better since trends are stronger. Position closed with tp r:r 1.

--- 帖子 #2601 ---
So far So good M15

CADJPY.

I think most important thing is to choose the most trendy pair at the time you're trading.

--- 帖子 #2602 ---
USDCAD M15

2 good trades

--- 帖子 #2603 ---
How do you go about the selection?

--- 帖子 #2604 ---
very good question. I mostly search for top gainers/losers pair in the higher time frame. For example top gainers of D1 for trading H1

--- 帖子 #2605 ---
So, you say there is no magic?

How did you know that the candle which you are showing is the last opposite candle to the EMA(100) trend in a retracement?

What magic did you use for that?

People!

Don't fall for BS shown on historical charts when we already know what happened next!

--- 帖子 #2606 ---
There is no magic. Just mathematical edge.

And by writing that blue paragraph, you're basically saying backtesting is not reliable.

IMO your statement is the one that is stupid.

--- 帖子 #2607 ---
Long Audchf

--- 帖子 #2608 ---
What a trade on usdchf!

--- 帖子 #2609 ---
CHFJPY H4, i didn't have the patience to wait for it to reach 1:3, risking losing the gains I had made so far, so I closed manually.

--- 帖子 #2610 ---
1:3 is very risky and kinda crazy, I think what you did was very correct. Anyway, I prefer simple 1:1.

--- 帖子 #2611 ---
gain +19 pips

--- 帖子 #2612 ---
Short Audusd

sometime the price hit Limit order, & bounce back. so we need add something else for.....

--- 帖子 #2613 ---
short au

--- 帖子 #2614 ---
nzdcad has a set up

--- 帖子 #2615 ---
gbpchf

--- 帖子 #2616 ---
pusztafie, how is this indicator calculated? Could you send it to me or is it paid?

--- 帖子 #2617 ---
[quote=romulorios;14818499]{quote} pusztafie, hogyan számítják ki ezt a mutatót? El tudnád küldeni vagy fizetős? {image}[/idézet]

.

--- 帖子 #2618 ---
.EURAUD H1, 1:1,4

--- 帖子 #2619 ---
I would disagree. As I get a feel for this strat I have found a RR of 1:5 for small candles to be readily attainable, medium candles 1:3 and large candles are often worth avoiding entirely. There is nothing worse than getting sucked into the market on a big candle and it going all the way to SL. Not as much of an issue with medium candles, less so with small.

1:1 often leaves so much on the table but each to their own. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2620 ---
I felt this strat out for a few weeks. Its too simple to work for anyone in the short term who doesnt have a feel for trends. I will say something that might spur someone to further develop a strat around the magic 100 idea. Add Bollinger bands/KC and reverse the rules if the candles move outside the bands. Add a 50ema and only revert to the original rules once price touches the 50.

--- 帖子 #2621 ---
Long Usdjpy

--- 帖子 #2622 ---
short Nzdusd

--- 帖子 #2623 ---
[quote=pusztafie;14819048]
hello! Do you know how this indicator is calculated?

--- 帖子 #2624 ---
[quote=romulorios;14840292]
I don't know how to calculate it. I sent the indicator in post 2625.

--- 帖子 #2625 ---
Is it worth trading this in the lower TFs, or is the 1H just more reliable?

--- 帖子 #2626 ---
I've been looking at this site and found it quite interesting,
I can't find any pending order indicators on the  site
So the question I have is how do you place your orders,

thank you for your time.

--- 帖子 #2627 ---
Without any kind of indicator, traditionally. E.g. in the picture: sell stop at the bottom of the rising candle, stop at the top. If the next hourly candle is bullish, I simply move the sell stop order up to the bottom of the next candle. Of course, you have to look at the chart every hour.

--- 帖子 #2628 ---
I've never used a sell stop before, does it become live when it is hit
by the candle or the price?
thank you for your time.

--- 帖子 #2629 ---
Yes!

--- 帖子 #2630 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Only found this site two days ago and this morning was my first attempt to see if I understood how to put a trade-on, well these results tell me I know what I'm doing
All  I need now is a good pending order indicator or  EA with built-in stop losses and take profit,
If anyone can point me in the right direction to find an indicator OR  EA I will be very grateful,
I can remember using one a couple of years ago that had two lines one for stop loss and one for Putting a trade  on..
thank you for your time.

--- 帖子 #2631 ---
Which method do you use?

--- 帖子 #2632 ---
It's the magic 100 I've just gone over all the rules that the original person made up which nobody seems to be sticking to so I've started using MY journal

The journal is called

TRADING CORRELATION PAIR BY USING THE OTHER PAIRS

I put quite a lot of charts on there showing you where to get in and what the rules are I've made up I NEW set of Rules if you want to have a look it's post 753

--- 帖子 #2633 ---
Even till now this strategy still slays... especially for newbies

--- 帖子 #2634 ---
It's a great little strategy.

I know some people have said about taking profits at 1:1

I quite like to move my stop to break even at 1:1 and let the market decide if it's going to be a big day or not.

I've been taken out at BE quite a few times, which yes it's frustrating. But I've had days where it's run 4 or 5 R. Which on a 100k funded account is pretty lucrative stuff after a while.

Thanks Minotawr for this strategy. May you R.I.P if what I have read is true.

--- 帖子 #2635 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is looking good

--- 帖子 #2636 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ALREADY MOVED THE SL

--- 帖子 #2637 ---
Working for now

--- 帖子 #2638 ---
I hope this work

--- 帖子 #2639 ---
this one looks good

--- 帖子 #2640 ---
I'm not confident in this one

--- 帖子 #2641 ---
Yes EMA looks flat.. not showing the clear direction.

I've just started testing this strategy so far looks fine. How was your experience in this? and the symbol changer indicator looks great, is't for mt4 or mt5? can you share this indi with template if possible?

--- 帖子 #2642 ---
you need to test during ranging markets because its there you will see the weakness of this idea.

suggest to have a strong money management to resist during difficult times.

--- 帖子 #2643 ---
SL hit

--- 帖子 #2644 ---
EMA looks like that but the structure look like a down trend. I just did backtesting and for me worked fine.

--- 帖子 #2645 ---
Well then... and thank you for the template. Can you share the symbol changer indicator file? symbol changer is showing in template file and not working - I need to include the indicator in indicators folder.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2646 ---
TP 1:3 RR hit

--- 帖子 #2647 ---
this one

--- 帖子 #2648 ---
Thank you. I donno why, I am not able to jump from once script to another on click. Its working only on certain script and not another.. anyway..

Now I am using this "symbol changer indicator" works smooth.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My symbol changer indicator as attachment.

--- 帖子 #2649 ---
Try and be a bit more selective I would suggest.

I caught a nice move on EUR/AUD today.

--- 帖子 #2650 ---
So don't use the strategy in ranging. Find the steep trends. Only take a trade if the trend is steep. They are allways hit by 2 or more bounces and when you expect a bounce, then use this strategy to identify when to get in to the trade.

Another bonus by trading steep trends is, that you can use bigger RRW, because the trend is likely to continue after the bounce.

--- 帖子 #2651 ---
Yes, you may find some big profits, at times, that way. You might even do very well, over the long run.

But overall, your equity-curve is inevitably going to be FAR less smooth, that way, and many people really find that hard to handle in both obvious and not-so-obvious ways.

--- 帖子 #2652 ---
English is not my native language and I don't want to be rude, so guys please understand me right: if some can "see a trend" and "be sure" it's a pullback (not a change of the direction), then he doesn't need any so called "system" - he just enter "in the direction of the trend". But show me a trader that can say "THIS is the trend and it begins|continues, I'm SURE".

But if we have to add the words "you need the trend" or "it works only in a trend" or #youneedacommonsense (sorry) in the system rules then it equals "sometimes it works but we don't know when to use".

--- 帖子 #2653 ---
It's exactly what I was going to reply to @RiskFighter.

You can't know in advance the "steep" trend or any other kind of market condition.

You need to have the "crystal ball" for that

--- 帖子 #2654 ---
That's why its based on the angle of the ema. Not sure if there is one, but an indicator that told you the angle of the ema would be handy so that you can only take trades when the ema is a certain angle. However, if you're experienced enough you can do it by eye

--- 帖子 #2655 ---
As per my last comment, as long as the angle is going up or down you can work out if its viable to take trades. Its obvious when a trend starts and the angle of the ema slopes up or down to start initiating trades. Thing is, I use this entry method but I don't follow the strategy exactly. It's just perfect for adding to your own strategy/entry methods.

I focus on these entries with davit pivot points in mind so it's helped with my entries.

--- 帖子 #2656 ---
Of cause you can never know. The chance that the trend is continuing is bigger than if it stops. And if you have a steep trend, the chance that it continues for yet a while is there. The chance that the ranging continues is also bigger than if it stops.

Yes as XKwisit says- follow the EMA. Use the Magic 100 or any other indicator to give the signal for bounce. If the signal does not come at the right side of the EMA, then the trend might be over.

I like then to add the Williams Percentage Range indicator.

--- 帖子 #2657 ---
Today I don't see nothing clear . I still have running 2 of 4 trades I shared lets see what happen

--- 帖子 #2658 ---
SL hit

--- 帖子 #2659 ---
Prior experience has shown that Fridays are not a good day to trade.

--- 帖子 #2660 ---
It's a matter of experience.

--- 帖子 #2661 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

See this chart it's the same chart at the same time As the other one,  it's just that I have pulled the price down on the right-hand side which makes the chart look like this,
I find it easier to find these candles we're looking for  Give it a try,
Let me know what you think.
Good luck.

--- 帖子 #2662 ---
I suppose it boils down to risk tolerance. At the beginning of the month I like this approach, but if you are having a good month, maybe you can hold trades for a bit longer

--- 帖子 #2663 ---
is this call PullBack, correct?

When Price above Ma100 then pullback then we set buystop

Backtest

--- 帖子 #2664 ---
From when to when this backtest?

However the results of this test are too high.

Did you used martingale?

--- 帖子 #2665 ---
no use martingale

volume auto increase when balance increase

--- 帖子 #2666 ---
On friday I opened this one XAUUSD 1H

--- 帖子 #2667 ---
New one today

--- 帖子 #2668 ---
The last one that is not working fine

--- 帖子 #2669 ---
Peding this one EURJPY 1h

--- 帖子 #2670 ---
opened

--- 帖子 #2671 ---
Hi, nice result, can you explain a little bit more about entry method ?

--- 帖子 #2672 ---
Read page 1

--- 帖子 #2673 ---
For Minotaurs sake, if you need to work out entry:

Set a SELL order (pullback) at last UP candle open in a downtrend.

Set BUY order (pullback) at last DOWN candle open in an uptrend.

Works best when the 100EMA is at a good sloping angle.

Use market structure to help you.. HH, LH, LL, HL.

Use the TP and SL method Minortaur provided from the 1st page onwards.

That is the MINIMUM you need to know to trade this stategy. Its not hard at all.

What is hard is the human brain trying to execute and hold positions till they hit TP without closing.

If you cannot profit from this system then I'm not sure what to say really.

Once you grasp it, then you can define things yourself but it is a profitable strategy if you stick to the plan.

--- 帖子 #2674 ---
As I mentioned before, I trade a different system but I do use this entry style so here is an example of the kind of trade I would get into and one that I am in now on EUR/USD.

Read it carefully as it will give you an idea of some things I am looking for when taking trades.

I did also use the fibonacci retracement on it and price hit the 50% mark before continuing down but I didnt add it to the chart because it would be too messy.

Let me know if you want to see the fib on the chart too and I'll post it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2675 ---
Oh go on then, show us the fib lol

--- 帖子 #2676 ---
With fib

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the current pullback leg, we can see price seeking the 50% fib level again on a smaller level (Below) - this could be a good place to enter, but it doesnt follow Minotaurs rules. However, I am just showing how to look at price and where to enter or which pullbacks to maybe look at for these Magic 100 entries.

I am also not using H1 for entry, I am focusing on location and market structure on the lower timeframe when its in my target area.

Price could pull back as far as the 79% on my fibs but I'm not worried as I am break even and I entered way way earlier as it was the pullback in the higher TFs.

Might be something we all should know but the main and most helpful thing I've learnt trading is that if price doesn't AT LEAST hit the 50% mark on a leg then its not a valid pullback so keep following with the fib till it hits 50% and then you can start looking at entries.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2677 ---
Thank you. Nice lecture!

I normally trade the JPY and CHF pairs. Do you have any prefrence on this strategy?

--- 帖子 #2678 ---
Ha, thank you. I try not to lecture because then it may confuse some people and then they want to trade the same. But putting it out there for the right eyes to see and if it helps then I'm happy.

I will mainly trade EU & GU but as I am heavily focussed on fib levels so I will trade most majors. I do actually tend to stay away from JPY & CHF though lol

If I see something interesting that follows what my eyes are seeing then I'll take a calculated punt and then turn the screen off lol

--- 帖子 #2679 ---
nice

--- 帖子 #2680 ---
How funny. JPY and CHF is what works on my robots.

I also made a robot for this Magic 100 strategy way back. It did not work - to many false signals. I can se now, that the robot should not trade unless price had bounced on some moving average. And it is also a nice filter to check if the pull back is at least minimum 50%. I will try that when I get some time to take this robot up again.

The nice thing with a robot is, that if you think the circumstances are right, then put on the robot to take the trade imidiately when signals comes and without any human thinking which is my worst animy.

--- 帖子 #2681 ---
Take a look at this. My favorite JPY chart. All nice long runs with plenty of pull backs.

--- 帖子 #2682 ---
Thats actually a beauty, I think it's because I got burnt by GBP/JPY few years ago and just didn't want to mess with it again lol... although the dragon can make you some good money once you hook onto a trend.

Can you see how it pulled back to 50% on your chart though? this is what I keep seeing everywhere now so my brain just locks onto looking for it lol

My current trade was looking a bit sketchy, but it did go to 79 as I mentioned it could do earlier lol....

I've had to adjust my SL back to my original that I had as I feel like US will want to push to the daily open again before news but I'm hoping it heads down to the S38 weekly pivot at least.

Will add to the trade once we are out of muddy waters

Can you also see how my target 1 on the fib matches the S38? - Fibs are a weird thing eh.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2683 ---
Never always fun and games trading but its totally normal

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2684 ---
Well, I do not use Fibonacci. Yes I allways found it to be a little weird. However I have mostly prepared my charts for next weeks trading - so I will use my weekend to analyse this weeks charts using your methode. That will be a lot of fun! Thank you for the motivation.

--- 帖子 #2685 ---
This is what is amazing about trading and why every trader needs to find their 'Thing' as I focus on fibonacci alot... I dont ONLY rely on it though but it's nice to see others have their thing too.

I just find it great for market structure really as you can often predict where the next LL or HH is going to be during a trend to TP. Adding pivot levels based on fibonacci then plots the lines/zones which then helps even more for longer term trend locations.

Daily open is a good area of focus for a bounce/reaction too so those are some of the main things I focus on when making a decision.

But, for any strategy I recommend knowing about the 50% pullback just to be mindful where a bounce could occur... but more that if price doesn't pullback 50% then its not a pullback yet - This allows you to not get confused when market is ranging as you are only focusing on it at least getting to 50% before making any further decisions to enter. So when people were mentioning the magic 100 doesnt work well in ranging markets... its that extra bit of knowledge that also helps you not take the bad moves. If I see market is ranging, im usually in a trade beforehand anyway so it doesn't bother me.

I'm going to stop posting my charts as it's off topic now as this is Minotaurs Magic 100 thread and strategy.

Hope you do have fun though this weekend with it!

--- 帖子 #2686 ---
As I recall from the time I studied Fibonacci the zone between 50 and 61.8 is interesting for bouncing. But if the bounce only went to 30, then it is definately a continuation trade. Well, I guess I will need to read about it this weekend.

I am going hunting some food now. So have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #2687 ---
EURAUD H1, 1:1,4

--- 帖子 #2688 ---
Thank you for the like! I thought this thread was dead, no one posted in two months. I would have been very sorry if that was the case.

--- 帖子 #2689 ---
I subscribe to it, because it is a fine strategy. I built the robot once, but it did not work. I guess it need some filters.

So I am not trading the strategy either. At least no at the moment. I might take up the robot again. Would you like to work at making the robot profitable? I do the programming and you might come with ideas.

--- 帖子 #2690 ---
I am happy to take the test.

--- 帖子 #2691 ---
OK. I am busy in several projects, so I cannot promise to be superfast and I need to dust off the robot. It is years ago that I made it. So please be patient for a week or so.

--- 帖子 #2692 ---
One way to improve the system since one of the requirements is that price is on a strong trend is to use the rsi period 20 above 55 for longs and 45 for shorts applied to the daily and 4 hour chart since entries are on the hourly.

--- 帖子 #2693 ---
Long Usdjpy @146.19

--- 帖子 #2694 ---
I have not forgotten. Am busy. Will take another week before I get some time.

--- 帖子 #2695 ---
47+ pips so  far

--- 帖子 #2696 ---
78+ pips

--- 帖子 #2697 ---
I've found better success holding the trade, sometimes for days. I've found a nice deep pullback is best for entries, if you enter simply on a green candle as price rapidly moves down, I find you can get triggered into the trade for then price to reverse.

So, deep pull back, even if it's about to cross the 100MA, they seem to be working better for me

--- 帖子 #2698 ---
Long Chfjpy, late entry @ 172.50

--- 帖子 #2699 ---
NZD/JPY Long

--- 帖子 #2700 ---
Pending order for tomorrow

--- 帖子 #2701 ---
RR 1:3 Hit

--- 帖子 #2702 ---
SL hit

--- 帖子 #2703 ---
CADCHF sell, spread 18ps. R - 1.7

--- 帖子 #2704 ---
USDCHF sell. R - 4.0

--- 帖子 #2705 ---
AUDNZD H1

--- 帖子 #2706 ---
Been forward testing and back testing this strategy for about 6 months now.

Market structure - if price is making LL's and LH's or vice versa, anywhere above or below a 50% retracement you can start setting your buy/sell stops.

Usually find 1 A+ set up per day.

Been taking about 4-5 trades a week.

1:0.5 RR - 85% win rate - set and forget. Absolutely laughing

--- 帖子 #2707 ---
What are the numbers with 1:1?

--- 帖子 #2708 ---
hello brother! post graphic examples to help fix your idea in your mind.

--- 帖子 #2709 ---
Here's a quick example of a trade I took today, it struggled but eventually hit target Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2710 ---
Also took out the low, sometimes it is worth taking partials, but the WR is just so high at 0.5R

--- 帖子 #2711 ---
From our last message it's nice to see that you've actually made it work for you in your own way! that's fundamentally the best way to trade for yourself.

Might have a little look at the 0.5R although it doesn't fit my own risk strategy.

Congrats to you!!

---

On the trade you posted, I wouldn't have liked that candle for an entry because of the inverted hammer candle 2 candles before as the stop would have been too big for me but it's great that it worked out.

--- 帖子 #2712 ---
Hi mate, yes alot of messing around with it. I just found following structure, waiting for a pullback to minimum 50%, but the further the better, and simply placing my order.

I tried all kinds of different R:Rs.

Sometimes I would simply target the low, or the high. But I just found that having a negative R:R and a really high win rate so good for my psychology. Trading less set ups but over the course of the month, being up around 5-7% is the way forward for me.

--- 帖子 #2713 ---
Pretty much what I do to be fair, I target the 66% area on my fibonacci and then I set a pending order in accordance to this. My target is usually the ADR for the day or could be previous day high or low and it works well for me.

I set to break even after 1:1 and leave it - will then re-enter later on during any new pullbacks and stack em up.

My initial entry is on the 1hr but additional ones will be on lower timeframes.

But will see how the 0.5 turns out on a small account

--- 帖子 #2714 ---
Here is a trade I took this morning, 1:0.57

As you can see, ideally we target the high, but targeting towards the high sort of guarantees a movement in that direction but often as is the case, it doesn't have the legs to get there and typically, as in the picture, reverses and takes you out at BE or a loss depending on how you want to trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2715 ---
Great stuff buddy!

I would probably check some sort of oscillator (RSI/MACD) to see if there is divergence in situations like that but as you mentioned earlier you could take partials, set to break even and then let a small piece run.

In the long run it'll take longer to grow an account which for me would be frustrating seeing 0.5 when I could have had 1:3 or something or hitting 2 losses in a row and then needing 4 wins to get back on track with the negative R:R but if it's working for you then that's all that matters really.

Plenty of chart time works wonders when sticking to one strategy so I think you'll be fine in the long run but definitely consider letting a small one run.

Green pips & happy friday (time for some beers)

--- 帖子 #2716 ---
100% it's just finding what works for you and sticking with it.

Once you've found something that fits your personality, that is when I feel you've truly made it as a trader.

A lot of systems people try to copy to the absolute letter, but I believe that taking a system and working with it to fit to your personality is what will make you successful.

Have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #2717 ---
James,

Which TF(s) did you test on?

--- 帖子 #2718 ---
1H

--- 帖子 #2719 ---
Why ask that? it's stated clearly on the 1st page! - H1 using 100 EMA!

The strategy works perfectly if you follow it to a tee... I actually spoke to Minotawr before he even posted this thread hence why he mentioned me in the 1st post as I understood it and said it would be easy for others to get it.

Being honest, the only issue with the strategy is people sticking to it and that's it... period.

Look at how many strategies there are on this website... it's amazing to have this much honest information but that is our downfall!

As humans, we seek the best strategy based on how many likes, views or comments it has which is just stupid... but that's what we are as traders when we are seeking information... dumb... stupid... whatever.

For me everything clicked when I realised that the market didn't give a crap about me and it will do whatever it wants to do regardless of the strategy I was using.

Of course this strategy can be improved and made better which is why it is presented this way... Mino knew this as I already told him I like the entry but I didn't like many other things... (Personally). But Mino didn't want to deviate from the core when starting the thread as it would confuse people and he genuinely wanted to give back as it worked for him over a long period of time and he is such a good person for doing so.

This strategy doesn't need any FVG, breaker block, order block, equal highs liquidity inducement crap... it's just a basic entry method following a strong trend which is common sense and it's your job to find what works for YOU.

I say this as I get so many messages from people about this strategy and I don't know what to even say as trading is an individual journey... plus i'm not a mentor.

Moral of the story is that you need to absorb information but work out how you use it to your advantage as what someone presents to you isn't the holy grail... it's what worked for them and their psyche but that doesn't mean it's the same as your own.

Land, expand, modify and thrive... that's all i'll say.

Or land, expand, fail and cry... up to you.

--- 帖子 #2720 ---
EURAUD is a pair that tends to trend for long periods so suited to this type of strategy.

Simple is good.

H1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2721 ---
EURAUD H1

Got in short at 1.6201.

ADR is at 1.6108 and coincides with some support.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2722 ---
stopped out

--- 帖子 #2723 ---
Hey axecap,

For me personally, when price breaks above that high that i've circled in blue, it's no longer a downtrend, and it looks like price is about to start making HH's and HL's
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

just my thoughts, Mondays I always find quite difficult to trade it's like a lot of reversals happen. I didn't see anything decent today

--- 帖子 #2724 ---
yes thanks....and you have proved to be correct.

At the time though my logic was the rejection spikes from the MA and the move below the days open.....which often act as resistance. It looked to me like the pull back had ended.  The h4 trend is still down so will keep and eye on the pair for another oportunity later.

I agree about mondays....but then EU, NU and GU all had good moves down, where I did alright with less than perfect entries.

--- 帖子 #2725 ---
Correct and good information but if I may add, if anyone here trades gold then this can usually be a liquidity sweep to induce buyers so always wait and see if the low in this scenario gets broken.

It's called quasimodo (QM) if the low gets broken.

Gold loves to sweep the first pullback at the start of a trend but currencies are usually fine to follow normal market structure.

--- 帖子 #2726 ---
Hi guys,

here is an EA for testing this system. Equity curve looks good - enjoy it ... and green pips for all

Franky

--- 帖子 #2727 ---
Improved version of EA: T4W_Magic100_ea 24.007

For scalping you can use Range bars chart + tick indicator for momentum (both are included).

--- 帖子 #2728 ---
I have been reading the entire thread and used the best advises coming from many of the original gangsters in here.

Today was a really good day for setups - found several clean retracements, but due to margin I didn't jump on all of them.

But the 3 I did jump has all proved good and I have secured 6% and have another running in 1,25% profit with stoploss BE+1

AUDCAD: 3%
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDUSD: 3%

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDJPY: 1,25% running - Stoploss breakeven Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I find my bias from the 4H trendlines and then I only look for strong pullbacks to at least the 40ema before I even pay attention to the candles.

I use heiken ashi candle to funnel out the noise - for further confirmation I also sometimes draw a trendline along the pullback.

Entry are below the previous retracement candle where it makes sense.

You will have losses but if you look for clean deep retracements and enter in the direction of the trend - you will be pips positive.

I use tradeview to find my setups and execute and monitor the trades in mt5 - all trades are done manuel - I only use an EA to calculate position size, takeprofit and stoploss.

A view of my tradeview:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2729 ---
dis look good for a long

--- 帖子 #2730 ---
At the moment I don't think so - we are in a push upwards - we have already had several pullbacks (purple box) and price is trending in a step uptrend - that could end and retrace.

It also can go further who knows - but I think we should wait for a clean retrace before entering - so we can get in on a fresh impuls move to the topside.

On the 4 hour the bullish move is even bigger with no real retrace for many days

I would put i on my watchlist, but don't see myself doing an entry before a retrace - and not before tomorrow anyhow.

1H
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4H Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2731 ---
im a havenoidea person, i just play around with price movement

+53 pips

--- 帖子 #2732 ---
XAUUSD R:R=1,4

--- 帖子 #2733 ---
Hello frankyol-thank you for the ea...maybe you can add the magic number feature for the T4W ea, so one could run it on different pairs the same time?

The close all trades feature would also affect only the current pair the ea is trading on...

--- 帖子 #2734 ---
Hi Holgi, I already have an impoved version of EA for MT4 & MT5 (for better backtesting), but currently I'm away from PC. I will post a new version, when I come back (at end of March). Franky

--- 帖子 #2735 ---
Bro any specific set for us30 i mean barrangepips value for

Range bars chart , the chart looks good on forex pairs as the default value is 1 and i hope it's right if not could you give me values cash, crytpo and forex pairs, if you could give an insight on this it would be really nice

--- 帖子 #2736 ---
In memory of the Minotaur!


===== 附件下载链接 =====

#top 28 trenders all brokers_v1.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3596646?d=1585896962
Modify_All_TP_SL.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3607297?d=1586998849
ForestraliaBuy Daily!!!!.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3607518?d=1587018557
ForestraliaSell Daily!!!!.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3607519?d=1587018557
50 trades playback GOLD.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3650668?d=1590846589
#clean.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3652192?d=1591043764
MTF DashBoard v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3653567?d=1591169564
mtf dashboard setfile.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3653570?d=1591169600
Magic.100.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3656800?d=1591414220
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3658913?d=1591688236
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3659778?d=1591735620
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3659966?d=1591758750
LotCalculator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3660209?d=1591778412
Visual Position Size Calculator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3660501?d=1591797762
Magic100.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3660526?d=1591798844
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3660795?d=1591819463
Ind_Magic100.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3662056?d=1591900047
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3663263?d=1591982404
SS_SupportResistance_v04c original mod.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3663535?d=1592030593
Magic100.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3664109?d=1592148599
ForestraliaBuy Daily!!!!.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3664128?d=1592151986
ForestraliaSell Daily!!!!.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3664129?d=1592151986
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3664186?d=1592165095
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3665094?d=1592242388
candlestick alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3665203?d=1592248042
smPriceBoat Signals_v1.0-Magic100.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3670631?d=1592810942
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3672701?d=1592975533
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3673957?d=1593069547
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3674875?d=1593152379
ZigZag_HH-HL-LH-LL_B.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3680122?d=1593686066
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3680903?d=1593753427
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3685078?d=1594228497
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3715306?d=1597346102
MULTI Order.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3716794?d=1597587751
retracement-finder.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3718460?d=1597755373
Para FF.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3721173?d=1597949410
CurrencyStrengthAlerts.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3721706?d=1598002546
CurrencyStrengthAlerts.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3721707?d=1598002547
EsikeM15Bomb EA v3.2+Alert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3727619?d=1598623762
POST_MAG100EA_UPLOAD.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3727807?d=1598635760
Magic100.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3732360?d=1599153500
MAGIC 100.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3735633?d=1599565996
M-Candles.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3738956?d=1599831643
M-Candles.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3738957?d=1599831643
MA_in_Color_wAppliedPrice.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3739502?d=1599909103
Magic 100-2.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3739504?d=1599909131
Inversion patterns.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3739612?d=1599936857
! Ema 100 M1.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3739613?d=1599937475
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3763053
MAGIC 100.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3767232?d=1602839910
Magic100.v.1.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3815863?d=1608280081
ADXVMA6_16bar.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3834512?d=1610558008
Support and Resistance (Barry).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3979468?d=1625178531
BB stops (new format) 1.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4210722?d=1653407703
BB stops (new format) 1.3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4210723?d=1653407703
! BB Band Stop (Magic 100).tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4210725?d=1653407830
MULTI Projet APB.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4212232?d=1653574835
100.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4371499?d=1673491141
ma-crossover_alert.mq5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4371500?d=1673491150
Clive's Histogram CCI.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4412183?d=1678216495
2) PVSRA v2.3 Access Panel (White).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4419571?d=1679031018
TrendStrength - RSI-MTF.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4419572?d=1679031035
MTF DashBoard v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4419573?d=1679031058
smPriceBoat Signals_v1.0-Magic100.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4484215?d=1687383548
Magic100.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4590168?d=1699960121
CurrencyStrengthAlerts.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609186?d=1702279284
Symbol_PPD.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609188?d=1702279296
MTF DashBoard v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609190?d=1702279306
Waddah Attar Explosion BT.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609192?d=1702279378
Triple super trend histo.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609193?d=1702279423
TrendStrength - RSI-MTF (1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609197?d=1702279725
Magic100.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4609202?d=1702279989
Magic 100.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4634811?d=1705827700
Magic 100.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4634812?d=1705827708
Triple super trend histo.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4688871?d=1712240450
Magic100.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4738637?d=1718283120
Symbol_Changer_PLUS (1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4738742?d=1718290007
Symbol changer profit display v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4738775?d=1718292046
T4W_Magic100_ea.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4828955?d=1729779827
T4W_Magic100_ea.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4829485?d=1729847540
bmi_tickdata_4ma.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4829490?d=1729847610
bmi_tickdata_4ma.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4829491?d=1729847611
WinRangeBarsEA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4829495?d=1729847654
