===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
rules for the thread

1. before asking silly questions like (hindsight is always nice) go read the full thread, quite often we post trade ideas and structure shifts before they happen and disguss our trades.

2. AFTER you have read the entire thread feel free to ask all the questions you want. as you progress on the thread pages, other members from the forum who trade a similar style may have proposed some more advanced or delicate technics alongide my structure and explained a lot of stuff.

3. i may have started this thread but i have found a lot of support from other members who either learned to trade like this in just a few months or already traded this system. they have helped this thread develop (koop, snail69, shcertzi are the one that come to mind, among others). respect them

4. please dont post pictures with silly indicators on the chart (if its below the charts, thats alright), the concept is prety simple, you dont need them and when asking for advice we like to see your charts clean

rules for trading
1. never risk more than 1% of your account in a single trade, EVER. if you think you do not have enough capital, go to a prop firm and get funded
2. with this system you can get 2 good and clean trades every day, you will look for them and them alone. if you win 1 of them (worst case scenario) thats +0.5% in a day. a year has 220 trading days. if you dream that with 1k you can become a millionare you can forget it
3. dont be gready you will loose it all
4.only 1 trade at a time or one swing and one scalp, never 2 swings or 2 scalps. all pairs are coorelated

5. for starters, focus on one pair and learn its behaviour. a lot of people here trade GU, i prefer eu, but you can trade eurnzd, it doesnt matter as long as you learn its behaviour witch is important, and what levels does it respect

-----------------

what is market structure? higher highs, higher lows, lower highs and lower lows

you've seen this on youtube i guess

now, i will not post signals or live trades, that is up to you to do it, i will not be held responsible for anyones fortune or demise.

----------------

same rules can apply for breakout trades but they are not of interest in this thread, it requirs too mych screen time

------

rules to buy,

1. we want to see a higher high, from now on refered as HH

2. we want to see a retest of the low

3. we either wait for confirmation or we just buy

4. stop below the previous swing low

5. tp at 1.5rr (DO NOT BE GREEDY B@ST...RS ) although you will see that with this system and patience constintent 3r trades are possible , sometimes even 7r+, but the 1.5r brings you to the game, when you learn the game you can target more

rules to sell

1. we want to see a lower low (LL)

2. we wait for the retest of the high

3. we either wait for confirmation or we just sell

4. stop above the previous swing high

5. tp at 1.5rr (DO NOT BE GREEDY B@ST...RS ) although you will see that with this system and patience constintent 3r trades are possible , sometimes even 7r+, but the 1.5r brings you to the game, when you learn the game you can target more

i will now let the pictures do the rest of the talk with some examples.

ps. this system is best for 5m-15m london session. you may use it as you see fit. on most pairs it is excellent on 4hrs timeframe but the setups are far and few in-between

ps2. i do not care about news and fundamentals, i only trade charts. news ussually (whatever the outcome, drive the trade in my direction)

ps3. try to focus on 1-2 pairs and master them. when you do, add more pairs to your arsenal

ps4. i will try to keep it as simple as possible and will not post unreasoneble for this system trades, no matter if i take them or not.

-----------------

to master this system, just go to tradingview and do replay mode, it is the only way.

i will be here to answer questions, not give signals.

dont use indicators, the only thing you need is a clean chart with the zoom i have.

--------------
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EDIT. IMPORTANT
The only tool you should ever need. the best in its category, i found it on another forum
it is a risk calcutor, alow dll imports and ea advisors, put it in you ea folder and reopen mt4.
free ofcourse
Attached File(s)   Trade Manager EA.ex4

232 KB
|
2,096 downloads
|
Uploaded Mar 24, 2021 7:43am

looks like this

and its an ea

you just choose buy or sell, (or pedning), drag the lines for sl and tp, set the risk you wanna take and press the button
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2 ---
It seems interesting the fact that you are not going to care about indicators. So, quite interesting from my point of view.

Required clarifications:

1.- I'm lost about the retest thing. How do you know which Low is the one being retested? Or the High being retested?

2.- What makes some HH or LL clean?

3.- Why that area was marked as crap?

4.- Is this strategy more suitable for trending or flat scenarios?

--- 帖子 #3 ---
1. we only care about the low that preceeded  the new swing high with a big volatile move

2. its visual, any chopy price action gets discoualified

3. because there are HH's and LL's but you really cant identify them, its really chopy

4. a new high signifies the start of a new up trend (at least one leg of it), in most cases

a new low signifies the start of a new down trend (at least one leg of it), in most cases

so basicaly, you just trade with the trend, but you dont buy while its going up, you buy when it retests its low after it has made a HH, or sell the retest of the high after it has made a new LL

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Thanks, Can you print some mark in those preceding lows on a picture?

For me, the most challenging here is to identify crap areas.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
its cool to draw on past candles on chart,on live market we dont know what next move will bring?

--- 帖子 #6 ---
what you mean? we only need 1 LL to enter a long and 1 higher high to enter a long.

i do not understand what you want

--- 帖子 #7 ---
we can only follow a system that we know it works and try to predict it.

as you saw i also posted loosing trades that accoring to my system in its simplest form were valid.

in live market personally i am good.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
How do you identify the retesting area? Why do you know there is a retest?

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #10 ---
well you did choose the one trade that is kinda different from the others.

but yes this is the low that was tested and it was a confirmation entry

i get the confirmation from the nature of price action. (that is a tottaly different subject)

--- 帖子 #11 ---
There is too much distance to the low from the area at which you decided to entry. I can't select that exact moment myself. I would have waited some time to see if the price finally moves a little bit downwards, closer to the Low level....

I don't understand what everyone means by Price Action. It seems a very confusing term.

--- 帖子 #12 ---
possible  next buy area for EURUSD

--- 帖子 #13 ---
WHEN price is accumulating (or ranging in a smaller timeframe) it could signify a reversal. if that is happening accorind to our system we can  buy. if the system does not agree we move on

you can put any indicator there and you will see divergence, try it, i dont need indicators to spot it. it could help you at first.

but not every divergence is legit.

this could be your confirmation

--- 帖子 #14 ---
live 1m example on EURUSD.

because it is 1m i have stop at break even already. i dont want price to spike up a lot of pips cause the loss will be big.

risk 0.2% 1.5rr

--- 帖子 #15 ---
You entried too soon. 5 pips before HH retest.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
I'm waiting for pull back between 1.1980-1.1950 then buy follow uptrend in TF Daily

--- 帖子 #17 ---
we do not care about the pip count. we only care about the 1.5r. if we can get 1.5r then thats enough

easy 1.5r trade if the rules are followed. i got 2r from it but 1.5r is the safest option

--- 帖子 #18 ---
195-198 would not be the entry on my system

the daily structure is trash, nothing clear

that would be ideal

ps. sells are not advised

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Oops,, ok

--- 帖子 #20 ---
mate you should really trade your system.

you can have an opinion and trade mine when you undersand it.

do what your system tells you, not what i, or someone else tells you.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
very interesting system NICO.....keep it up...

i presume on a choppy market its good to trade on a lower time frame?

--- 帖子 #22 ---
on a choppy market it is never good to trade.

htf, ltf, you are always seeing the same. you can understand whats going on in lft by looking at HTF.

i stick to 5m 30m for entries. 4hr daily and weekly i dont trade them too much, they give me direction

--- 帖子 #23 ---
to take this trade i personally need to have already banked some profits that i am willing to risk some of them to make more (for the day, for the week, for the month, whatever)

--- 帖子 #24 ---
GU change in 5m market structure, if price goes up now without making another LL we can take sorts

we do not partipate in the moves.

we anticipate them

and when we have a setup already figured out and price comes at our entry, we get in.

patience and anticipation not participation

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Look how retests look like actually. .

It is not the lows and highs what are being retested. What is retested is the last directional move. While moving up, big funds keep hedging with shorts and they hedge the whole run up in steps.

So if a new range of an ascending market has not been hedged, then buyers will be eventually hedging their positions using shorts till the last level they did it.

All these theories about highs and lows acting as support and resistances are bullshit; highs and lows are just areas already capitalized and price action must form around them in any case, not by them. And most of the time, in fact, price action and retesting are not related to high and lows.

When you see it, you realize that liquid markets are not choppy anymore.

See this example with EU and good luck.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

See.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
i know and i take those trades, not for the reasons you describe, i dont believe that, but they still work

see my most recent GU below that was a trade you describe but not a market structure trade so i could not post it here

what you say is true and solid but not the purpose of this thread.

market structure and what you describe is totaly diferent. ( i say buy aplles and you buy onions)

ps. i also never mentioned support and resistance. all i mentioned is HH LL LH LL, no-one in the world can deny that, not even god himself (warren buffet)

ps2. i forgot to mention i sorted eu at the top as well, see image below, trade is still runing. hope you are sattisfied
ps3. the trades below are not the kind of trades i decribe in this thread, do not take them into consideration

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Those retests are clearer to me

--- 帖子 #28 ---
I see. Then I have not understood this thread when I read your post. I am sorry for that.

Thank you for your fast and clear feedback.

Best of luck.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
the uj trade from post #23 almost hit tp. close for 1.45r (if i gave it few more minutes it woul hit tp but makes no diference really. 0.05rr is not that important)
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13457492

--- 帖子 #30 ---
possible long setup for EURUSD as per the plan posted yesterday

wait for price to go lower to buy, we ant it as close to the low as possible, unless it gets invalidated. so far so good

we can wait for confirmation. what each of us uses as confirmation i leave it up to you.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i only want to teach you how to identify the market structure and the start or change of a trend.

when to enter and when to exit its up to you

remember, we do not aim for 100% win rate. 50% is fine to be profitable. 50% is achievable by his method even without confirmation

say you got 100 trades in 6 months at 50% win rate for 1.5rr with 1% risk

that is +25% in just six months.

now, go and find me any kind of bussiness that can have that kind of returns.

patience, small risk, good setups, that is all thats needed.

if you dont have the capital, you can prove yourselfs to any company and get funded.

there is always a way.

edit. trade triggered, i dint use confirmation (if you use you can get much better results but for the sake of the thread i didnt use, i only want to show you thar trading is simple and doesnt require much skill, patience and visuals only)

lets see how this goes, if we can get a second win in a row
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #31 ---
this was a perfect clean trade, i wasnt looking though

there are many setups throught the day, dont rush in to any, wait for it

patience is key, the most important thing to win in forex

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Nice thread.

I trade the same kind of way 90% of the same.

Great to see it! My RR is a little different.

BTW if no one knows/ Understands what this is and you are struggling trading view has an indicator for the more visual traders.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
i wanted a risk free rr for the traders that dont know the system 100%

i also get more than 1.5rr but for the purpose of the thread i wanted to keep it as simple as possible.

whats the name of the indicator?

--- 帖子 #34 ---
May i ask if you trade only 5 min?

Also you do not care for the market structure of higher tframe?

Thnx

--- 帖子 #35 ---
mainly 5m and 30m (for my own personal trades) for this thread i will look for trades at all timeframes

noh i dont care what happens in htf (for this threads system). as you can see i do not aim to take profit above the high or below the low. if i did i would be looking at HTF

--- 帖子 #36 ---
No complaints here.

I think new traders will benefit from this!

It took ages to find but its called Higher high Lower low Live   - This just helped me when I was learning this way of trading.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Hello,

What about GBP/USD m30?

Nice thread.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Hope its okay for me to help out but. Here I have I have added a picture for you. it broke structure on the 30min TF

Please do not take this as a signal!!

This is just a mark up

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Kindly share your indicators, looks promising ...

--- 帖子 #40 ---
thanks mate. looks like the zig zag indi on mt4 but it print ll's and hh's.

good for new traders

your stop is too tight. it should go to the previous swing low. telling this, its not a good trade as it does not offer 1.5rr (accoring to the rules of this thread and based on 30m tf)

now if you like at 5m timeframe, the rules of this thread apply to the red drawings and trend continuation after a break and a retest aply to the blue drawings. (they are totaly different setups)

good luck

justo one note, on 5m timeframe its good to move your stop at break even really fast cause it can colide with HTF structure and get wiped. be cautious

--- 帖子 #41 ---
[quote=nikosk0;13458563]{quote} thanks mate. looks like the zig zag indi on mt4 but it print ll's and hh's. good for new traders.

Yes very good for new traders.

All traders can capitalise on this strategy.

Once they get the 100% never lose out there head. Aswell is high % Wins

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Also for anyone wondering what the indicator is it is this

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On a daily TF

--- 帖子 #43 ---
there u go us30 5m

it is not as clean as i would like for a new trader to this system, but the idea is there

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and trailing for big rr (locked at 1rr right now)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

edit. out at 4r and that is market structure for you when you master it

--- 帖子 #44 ---
won't move that way

--- 帖子 #45 ---
You published this picture below and you edited the post and submited a new picture.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And this is what happened:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #46 ---
yeah, that would be the ideal entry on 1m. isnt it better to show you my live account trade on 5m?

i never predicted that price would go up, i would like it to go up for a snipper entry, i liked it short and sort it was

you really need to learn the charts mate.

as i have said before, we do not participate into the trades, we anticipate them, and when conditions are met, we get in.

that chart, showed anticipation

--- 帖子 #47 ---
there are shit loads of opportunities every day. keep your eyes open and be patient, learn to identify the structure.

todays 5m trades that could have been taken

remember to only have one trade open at a time, dont have many trades open you will get confused and distracted.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
yeah i know it too. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

rober banks, manipulation, nah, doesnt work here. manipulation is only the lack of liquidity and nothing more.

that drop on usd yesterday during the news was only due to lack of liquidity. traders remove their orders because they fear the news and that causes the lack of liquidity.
FEAR, emotions, those things move the market. GET rid of them and you will win

we follow the rules we win, keep the emotions and feelings for your familly and friends, there is no room for those here.

follow the system and the plan

anticipate, do not participate,

i didnt fear the news yesterday that cause the massive spike in usd, my position was in place, i didnt remove it, the plan was there, nothing to fear. the fear of the others, offered to me massive profits trading against the usd. that is not always the case, but with a high win ratio you can only be wrong every now and then.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Gbpaud

--- 帖子 #51 ---
thats the exact setup. 2 thing here, the entry should be were your stop loss is and the stop loss were my blue line is

but even with a not so good entry you still need a stop above the previous swing high like in my chart

good job identifing the setup

ps. i have not tested this system in the cross pairs. it works excelent with any usd cross

--- 帖子 #52 ---
someone asked about HTF-LTF ad if i look at both

i said i dont. and here i will explain why.

the EU below is a 30m timeframe trade from yesterday (going well for now and if it hits tp that would be the 3rd TP in a row)

it did tho give a short setup on 15m that was a winner.

it i when the 2 timeframes collide with each other.

with 1.5rr and a solid setup, you do not have to worry about timeframes colliding with each other

if you need further explaination let me know

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Good day. Thanks for the thread. Tell us more about different timeframes. thank

--- 帖子 #54 ---
thank you.My strategy is very similar like yours,good thread

--- 帖子 #55 ---
euraud

--- 帖子 #56 ---
hi. different timeframes provide different setups. 1hr might be down and 5m might be up.

we only trade the timeframe we look at and do not car about the higher or lower ones.

we dont care because we only want 1.5rr, if we wanted more rr we would need more confuelce from higher up.

but for 1.5rr we only need to see a higher high (that means that our timeframe of reference has uptrend structure)and wait for a retest of the preceded low to buy.

if the retest is not low enough to give us 1.5rr before the HH the trade is invalidated

we are shy trend traders.

he is an "exagerated" invalid trade because the rr accorind to the rules of this thread is not enough. it might be a good lond for another system but not for this one

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i find the stop and entry a bit off .

what i mean is i would like a better entry and a higher stop loss.

hope it goes well mate! good luck!

--- 帖子 #57 ---
NZD/USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #58 ---
stop hit

--- 帖子 #59 ---
by the way, what market structure means in this thread?

--- 帖子 #60 ---
your entry wasnt good, price action was choppy and stop loss was not at the previous swing low.

i dont know if you wanted to take a trade based on this system but it was a good enough try.

if you want to trade this, i always suggest doing replay mode on tradingview first and get used to it.

good luck on the next one

--- 帖子 #61 ---
market structure is the way a chart is formed. with higher highs, lower lows etc.

you wanted to buy a phone that costed 400$ but didnt have money at the time

now it costs 600$ and you find it expensive.

price will keep rising but you dont want to spend that much.

price comes back at 450, you say, ok i'll buy now (that is your entry)

but a few days later it goes lower than 400 (thyat is your stop loss)

you did get a good deal with the past data, you could get a better one with the current data. but u still preserved 200$

that is market structure.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #63 ---
overview for the week.

trade 1: win +1.5r
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13457693

trade 2: loss -1r
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post13458098

trade 3: win +1.5r
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13456793

now trade 3 was a scalp so you couldnt really take it.

anyway these were simple trades i gave out before they happen and without confirmation or more advanced stuff like trade management, confirmation entries, better entries, tighter stops, highest rr etc.

i'll try to post more trades next week so you can start believing in the simplicity of the ssytem and once you master it, you can perfect it to your needs.

to master it you need practise, tradingview replay mode.

i'll make a recap later for trades that we could have got today so you can see that there are opportunities everyday if you are patient.

(to be honest it was a prety shity day for this kind of trades, i dont know if i will find more than 1-2 trades)

--- 帖子 #64 ---
only 2 trades were valid today. the pictures if us30 represent the same trade. and to be honest i wouldnt take the usdchf trade, it does fit to the simplicity of the system but.... ehhhh its still choppy. anyway

everything else (on my watchlist) was really choppy.

if you have any trade that you think was worth it, feel free to post it and i can review it.

have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Market moves from balance to balance.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #66 ---
i trade mean reversion as well. not the purpose of this thread though.

i try to keep it as simple as possible.

thanks!!

trade safe!

--- 帖子 #67 ---
nikosk0, how do you set your entry point? This is the one unclear part for me. Is it visual or maybe Fibo level?

--- 帖子 #68 ---
i am not willing to share my whole method of confirmation, stop orders etc (i dont use fibo or anything)

but

say a move from low to high was 40 pips and you want 1.5rr

to get 1.5rr before price surpaces the new high that means that you need an entry at about 10 pips higher form the previous low and aim for 25 pips.

i hope the image i made below can help you a bit

(you really need to practise on backtest A LOT till you get used to it. once you get the hang of it, its really simple)

another major thing is to be prepared. say you look a any currency pair, USDCAD 4HR, EU 15m, it doesnt matter what are you looking at. and you see that price has CLEARLY BROKEN a previous high, keep that chart open somewhere and be prepared for price to comeback near the previous swing low to find your entry.

while you see price coming back, that is when you calculate were your entry and tp should be. the confirmation, the management, the risk, the timeframe, and the execution time of the trade i leave it up to you

--- 帖子 #69 ---
examples on monthly timeframe

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBPUSD H1

--- 帖子 #71 ---
acorind to the rules OF THIS system, buying is not an option. a new LL has formed so we only look for sell.

i find 1.3962 a good place for a sell!

nice work

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Very Nice and simple strategy Nik.

Very similar to how i trade, however, to take a little subjectivity or discretion out of figuring "how deep enough" a retracement/correction should be, i started using a moving average as my measurement.

Based on the below example, After the initial move creating the Lower Low, price must retrace to make a Lower high and close slightly above the MA on the 15min chart... that is my signal to look for an entry.

Minimum TP which i target is 1:3R and i usually manage to reach it at least 75%. Sometimes price reverses and i get stopped at B.E.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In a quest to increase my R:R per trade, i'm testing out methods to scale into the trade once i have moved SL to B.E on the first trade.

Goodluck with the thread. There's a lot to be learnt from you.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Good thread, Nik. Subscribed. One of my favourite setups; a.k.a. "Quasimodo" or "Up and Under".

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Nothing's really new in forex.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...-price-pattern

--- 帖子 #75 ---
hey man, thanks a lot. a movign average is fine but from a visual perspective it should be a long one. 200-500sma. i believe yours is long as well. anyone can have their own type of entry, be it a moving average, be it price action, be it an indicator like "haos visual averages" or an rsi

i didnt want to overcomplicate things with perfect entries because they are really subjective, and one should learn to use his own, like you do. i wanted to give out a really simple system that if followed can be profitable, and when one starts reseaching more about it, and testing thigs about it, can make it work like your or mine

i did too try to scale in n out of positions but in the end i lacked a few things to trade that method unless it was happening at the early stages of a trend reversal

so i focused on finding the holy grail. you may not trust me on this, but it does exist. (a 70% 2r is possible for a good and disciplined trader, i bow to you if you can get the numbers you say). but i found one that may crush this. can only be forward tested and i dont have a big enough sample yet

i didnt see that, never new it was called like this, most of the things i know i leanred them by trial n error watching and trading charts.

thanks a lot for your kind words!

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Great thread niko.

Ive been trying to create my own type of Price Action system using some of your ideas for awhile now. Hope this pic dont derail your thread and if it does I will remove it if you see the need.

Dave

--- 帖子 #77 ---
You're very welcome and congrats on your impressive results.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
hello, no it doesnt derail anything.

i see you have a clean chart, so i would suggest instead of using trend lines, use either supply n demand or break of structure to find your entry.

i'll show you in your chart both

i've also marked the correct stop loss cause you had 2 marked. you also need to give it a little room to breath, not just above the swing high. measure the wick and move your stop another wick up.

also in case price doesnt go to tp, i suggest going break even once price goes your way with a big volatile move and maybe even taking some profits (30% lets say)

really good job on your chart.

as i say to everyone, practice on replay mode in tradingview till you feel confident. you will see how the system (entries / stops / tp's) become clear with practise
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GU especially is a masterpiece for this kind of trades
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

but i really wouldnt trade gu 1hr, it still not clean
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #79 ---
we might not get a pullback to sort gu, in any case in the chart below i share 3 ways to read the market without the use of indicators.

i put on a line chart instead of candles, might be easier for some.

i dont plan on taking a position now on GU anyway sort or long it is a sideways market and my bias is down.

if bias is down and the market is going sideways we need to look for sorts atop of the range

it might go down without us next week, but as long as we do not loose money, we must not force a trade

(all that about swing positions, intraday 5m and 30m can change anytime)

good luck

--- 帖子 #80 ---
It is subjective to mark all these ll hh without a clear rule every can reproduce it the same way. That way you will alot discuss what are the points you mean and other watch out for. Seems you must clear it in the first post.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
i do not have some rule for it. i could suggest a line chart for HTF  but its still not clear., it does not include the wicks. i have learned to visual analyze it from experience and that is why i suggest to everyone to go replay mode in tradingview. that is what helped me the most

btw i checked your thread "story of making things far too complex". nice work you;ve done there

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Thanks. Seems this will be a better place for new trader. Hope you make thoughts on how you can transport you markings. The problem will be new trader count subsequent levels as well.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
tips and tricks for beginner traders:

1. switch from a candle stick chart to a bar chart, it helps you see the market structure better

2. i wouldn't suggest a lower timeframe if you have a day job, start from swing trading, it is wayyy easier i guarantee you.

3. you can either buy low sell high or buy high sell higher. (note: jesse livermore, richard dennis used the latter, me just follow them  - buy high sell higher)

4. on tp and sl - sl i use swing high's candle and sl on its low (for buy) and on its high (for sells) , for tp i dont use tp i exit on candle stick patterns (i.e. pinbar)

--- 帖子 #84 ---
NEVER RISK MORE THAN YOU ARE WILLING TO LOOSE

not every trade is perfect and not every trade is a winner.

i feel really uncomfortable sortin EU now but the structure is down, i took the trade to show to you.

risk must aat all time remain below 1%

if you have an acount smaller than 1k, risk no more than 10$ and try to make 15

my tp it doesnt really matter, i might exit sooner or later, i set my tp at my next structure point for a possible long setup. (how i determine the next structure is another subject)

in any case, that is bassically all you need. learn to recognise it, and just follow it untill it changes

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sorry meant to be short idea no longer valid.. Typo.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
The last swing where your sl is diidnt produce a ll...from this point of view maybe its not so strong level and price want to retest the origin of the move......

--- 帖子 #87 ---
i do agree with both of you

--- 帖子 #88 ---
ok so, i maybe misread the chart and the trade goes against me.

can i somehow take advantage of it?

sure.

we use hard stops here and we dont risk our whole account in to a signle trade. small risks remember?

what i personally do, is to add one more position of the same size and the same stop loss at the are i name as "the last stand area"

so if i risked 1% in the original move for 1.5r, i practically increase my risk by 0.2-0.35% to 1.35% max

and my reward to 4-5r. so instead of getting back +1.5%

i get 1.5%(of the original)+1.5% of the newlly added trade + 1% of the better entry for a total of +4.5%.

so what i do is increase my total rrr from 1.5 to 3 (if i am correct) with just a little more risk.

or i can take profits earlier than my tp and reduce the risk to 0

this doesnt work everytime, and it doesnt need to. it only need to work 40-50% of the time to bank big profits

--- 帖子 #89 ---
and there u go. 1st position out for -0.1%

2nd position running with risk of 0.3%

rr ratio just increased to 2.5% (gains to tp for 1.5rr)/0.4% (losses if it hits stop loss)=6.25

ps. i may have done some calculations wrong, if i did , please correct me (since my original tp was more than 1.5rr)

that is trade management and its more important than any strategy of entries and exits. there are other ways to manage a trade. but the most important thing in trading is to reduce your drawdown. taking big risks and a serries of losses you just blow up the account. if you can manage a trade, maybe even 10 losses in a row wont affect you. you get 2-3 wins and you are back up

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Do you ever move SL to B.E? if yes, how soon? after price reaches 0.5+R?

--- 帖子 #91 ---
i do if price goes to my direction with high volatily, if it is just ranging price action no i dont.

stop was hit, no harm done -0.4%

no you can see why the strategy is not so important.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
sometimes you just have to trust the system and not your opinion.

took a small loss not exactly based on the system and didnt take the good setup based on the system.

i make profits but i make mistakes as well, everybody does.

this is why replay mode is crusial, there is when you learn the system and where you learn to trust it as well
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #93 ---
today only one trade but good.if you dont like look market structure on 4H

--- 帖子 #94 ---
also I am in short Aud from 18 march

--- 帖子 #95 ---
today was a mess, there were some setups but not in the pairs i was looking at so i gave up at some point and went to sleep since london was about to close (its safer not to trade outside london session when scalping 5m)

htf was rubish for me so i never looked at it

tommorow is another day

be patient, wait for them and dont overtrade, dont take a trade just to be in a trade

--- 帖子 #96 ---
usdcad. not the best entry in the world Attached Image (click to enlarge)

but if you look at it this way.....
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

trade management plans (every trade requires different management, you did see how i managed a looser yesterday). scale ins, outs, trailing stops, whatever fits you.

i give you the basic idea, work with it and develop your own system. it needs time, 3-6 months at least
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

edit. took a little profit at 1.5r rest closed break even

--- 帖子 #97 ---
gbpjpy m30

--- 帖子 #98 ---
A pre-London action... UJ, UCh, Eu, Gu;   TP 1.5x SL + 1 pip

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Hello Nikos,

I just came across this thread and couldnt see the response from you that I would have thought would be the very first set of questions to you.

But I guess this is why the vast majority of people lose, at trading, and in life. Just blindily follow anyone who puts up a set of rules (often extremely undefined and vague) and then HOPE.  Pretty much the way people get sucked into religions. People are lost souls, desperate for meaning.  And will follow anyone who offers them HOPE, no matter how little evidence of it usefulness is provided.  Rather sad really..what the hell is wrong with people??

Anyway, I'd appreciate if you could reply to these few questions:

1. You make various ABSOLUTE statements.  I assume these are based on many years of front line real experience?

2. How long have you been applying your method as described?

3. What % of winners does it generate (on how many trades), and how many years of 'Annual Return/MaxDD' > 1.0 have you achieved?

4. Why 1% max risk?  Evereyone says that, and most people are wrong at trading, so why should 1% be correct? For most traders, risking 1% will NEVER allow them financial freedom.  None of your numbers take into consideration TAX, and any numbe rof other issues.  So the compounding is completely unrealsitic.

Isn't it amazing that not a single reply to you has even established if your method works, how well it works, and how long it has worked for you.

For all we know, you could have made up the rules in 5 minutes and then made your post.  Why not post your quity curve with your equity blanked out??

--- 帖子 #100 ---
hi

1. months not years. i think i;ve answered that question somewhere in the thread i believe.

2. 8 months

3. above 70% for me personally. but i dont trade that method alone, this is the only one i am willing to share.

4. risk more if you like, that is up to you. more risk for me personally makes me take empotional decisions. tax is 15% if you withdraw not while you compound.  i already gave a realistic answer somewhere in here, if you dont have the capital, get funded. various firms out there with various rules and targets.

i am funded trader ( yes i didnt have the capital) and below you will see my balance curve as well as my last 1 week of taking a new challenge for a second prop firm that i have posted in another thread. (post 6320 if you do the search you will find the thread, i do not want to advertise anyone in here)

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...8&d=1616180162

you can find more clues for my journey in that other thread.

its fine to be cautious, i hope you are now satisfied.

--- 帖子 #101 ---
todays setups (i gotta say i hate 5m cause i dont have the available screentime)

not much too clean and not too many again. there are other sort of setups to take but not the ones described in this thread

i still dont like the market and the nice moves happened during the assian session while i was sleeping

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Do you think a zigzag indicator would help to repaint the stucture(HH,LL , HL , LH ) clearer?

--- 帖子 #103 ---
it recalculates way too much. i;ve tried it in the past  and that was the reason i droped it immediatly. try it out.

btw if find the 5m timeframe is best suited for this type  of trading ad not the higher ups since fundamentals can cause all sorts of things.

in any case, i just hate these strong trends that have been happening the past 3 weeks, doesnt help mystyle of trading. be carefull

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDJPY Short
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

entry taken on 5m chart. SL to B.E on first entry. Second entry after candle close on 30 min chart.

Nothing complex, waited for price to retrace till i was satisfied (based on my entry rules), got a signal, entered and hoped for the best.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Wow, that is very nice.

Very few people are so generous as you are.

Guys, before being profitable we pass through years of pain and losses, we invest thousands of dollars and it is really hard I must say.

nikosk0 deserves your highest respect. I would not share shit of what I have learnt and many of us would do the same because when you start to share there are always people coming to insult and defy and require proof of your success and all that. As if we owed something besides all.

Good luck pal. Great from you.

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Are you kidding? Lol that's some next level sense of entitlement.

The strategy is not for sale so why would he need to provide all these validations? It's explicitly advised on the first post that anyone who wants to trade it with the rules provided should practice thoroughly and test it out themselves on tradingview or wherever to gain the validation or conviction needed.

The written/theory part of it doesn't really matter until you put it to work yourself. Your questions are relevant to you and you alone.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
thanks a lot

but as i have said a lot of times, the strategy is the least important thing in the game we are playing.

i can make 10 indicator based stategies all of witch should be profitable. can you manage? can i manage? can everybody manage?

other things makes us loosers, not our strategy.

i;ve shared a glimpse of my management some posts before.

i find patience to be n1

discipline n2

management n3

other things between n4-n9 (available time, illeness, debts, a screaming wife, kids, work all of those distractions in general)
strategy n10

i just wish i started forex when i first looked at it in university and didnt drop it in 2 days.

now i got all of the above to manage, and i cant do it always, that is when losses come and i dont even notice it untill its too late.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Lol, as I was saying, people coming to troll and insult.

That is why I never publish anything.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Ops I saw your answer, but I deleted it somehow and cannot see it anymore.

Yes, trading is 90% management and 10% technique.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
I agree, the lower time frames fit this kind of strategy best, especially since you're only looking to hold trades for a short time.

Also, pullbacks of the magnitude you're looking for don't happen frequently enough on the Higher TFs and if they happen, sometimes they look like reversals on the lower Tfs and just creates confusion, at least for me.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
i think you disliked it hahah

couldnt have said it better my self

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Risk per trade is personal. If acc is small you can trade with risk 20% per acc like I did

--- 帖子 #113 ---
You have to articulate your trades in like 3 timeframes or even more (I usually use D1, H4 and H1 to see where the price magnets are; m15 to understand the main structure and m5 to find enter and exit signals. Sometimes, but not always I use m1 to refine). But I am usually trading the daily range.

In any case, let's say you use 3 timeframes.

The higher one shows you the main direction. The second lower one lets you see if you are near a support or a resistance level (rejection level to be more precise). The third one is the one you will use, the lower one, to find the patterns you whish to trade. Let's asume a rangebound market and that you are trading.

Assume you are checking that D1 is near the lowest part of a horizontal channel trying to take off. Then you are close to support. Then, on h1 you check and see that there is another channel, an uptrending channel and that you are at the bottom of a leg of that channel, near a swing low. So you are in an uptrend on h1 and also at the bottom.

Now you go down to m15 but you are now at the top of a structure, so you will wait till m15 align with the other two.

And finally when m15 changes, with no major change on h1 and almost no change on d1 due to the short period of time required for m15 to change, then you have all timeframes algined in a bullish structure in three different scales of price.

It is called three-window analysis and you find absolute convergence (directional, potential and structural) since everything is lined up.

That is your go in that hyptothetical situation. The main idea behind it is that it is difficult to stop a train. So if you see an ant on the train, it is likely to follow its movement for a while. Your reference timeframe is your ant and you have to go to a higher timeframe to see where the little insect is being pushed to by the train.

A few combinations may be:

W1 - D1 - H4

W1 - D1 - H1

D1 - H4 - H1

H4 - H1 - M15

H4 - M15 - M5

etc...

--- 帖子 #114 ---
that works and is one of the things i use depending on the conditions on witch i see an entry. i always have at least in the back of my head the daily and weekly timeframes. i trade 4-5 pairs so i memorise them prety easy.

and it is one the things traders could (if they so wish) to add to the strategy i propose or any other strategy for that matter.

i gave the simple rules ( and if any trader that wishes to trade my strategy AFTER BACKTESTING IT) wants to make it better, can do. (higher rr, more accurate etc)

--- 帖子 #115 ---
for the followers, i uploaded a little handy tool on the first folder, i upload it here as well

i believe no one can call himself a trader unless he uses hard stops, the others i call them gamblers
Attached File(s)   Trade Manager EA.ex4

232 KB
|
391 downloads

looks like this

and its an ea

and you just choose buy or sell, (or pedning), drag the lines for sl and tp, set the risk you wanna take and press the button

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Attached Image
For the screenshot in post30, may I know why you omitted (1) highlighted in the chart as a higher low?

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Regarding post47, please find my questions as follow:

1. The retest level are different in the attached charts: The previous high was retested at 50% in Screenshot (1) but retested at 100% Screenshot(2). What caused the differences in these case?

Attached Image     Attached Image

--- 帖子 #118 ---
regarding the first question it was propably a typo. that trade was a looser anyway.

for the second one, i dont know what cause the difference, every pulback is different.30-50-100% you never know, you can only guess

"precision gueswork" is forex and the question you asked is to give the rule of entry. loads of them. it is better to find your own

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Thank you for the feedbacks.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
some hardcore scalping on eu (not market structure scalping) before london and a great trade based on market structure that i missed only because customers came at my regular job (the distractions i was refering to)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i did manage to take a great intraday trade on nzdusd

rules are the same
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

also notice that there were news while i was trading but i didnt care at all. if anything they helped my style once more

--- 帖子 #121 ---
now that might look like a good sort but it might not be that is why i am not taking it.

look at 4hr and see how extended down it is.

now is it extended enough to reverse?

icant tell, but i do know that reversals happen in a flash. i;d rather be in a flash move than a slow trend.

waiting game, to see the price behaviour for my long setups when the lows get retested once more

--- 帖子 #122 ---
GU ORIGINS (entry is the origin of he previous move and tp1 is the origin of the down move)

see if i can get an entry

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Just for people doubting. I do the same as @nikosk0 is showing here. I want to support you, pal, by providing extra proof.

My analysis is very different but the resulting structure is sometimes the same.

What @nikosk0 is teaching here represents ultra-high probability setups, go to your charts and verify it by yourselves.

I do not offer support to new traders as nikosk0 does, so you are lucky that someone is doing this for you.

This was my trade today morning. You can get two or three of these per day. I do not really care too much about precision.

Questions: what are these numbers? I just measure what happens after Asian-Pacific markets close.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #124 ---
gu daily

--- 帖子 #125 ---
My question is on the screen

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #126 ---
same reason i didnt sell the eu.

i find 4hr way over extended to go with it and dailly sits at a massive "support" or "origin of a move"

multitimeframe analysis that schertzi was refering at some post

--- 帖子 #127 ---
This makes a lot of sense. Thank you.

I currently look at H1 & H4 only to ensure that I'm not running into a potential reversal level, while I take a signal on m5 or m15. I don't really look at them for confluence with my entry direction/timeframe as I believe each timeframe has its own trend , but this process of waiting for an alignment will definitely add some more confidence to entries and more conviction behind my decision to hold trades for longer.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
one more thing i look at.

eu daily has not reached its ADR (average daily range) by visual

it can mvoe another 40-50 pips down of 70-80 pips to the upside. witch scenario offers the highest rrr?

we wait for 5m and see what happens.

look at weekly, has it reached its adr? can it turn bullish?

look at monthly? is it gonna close with a wick or not? is there a possibility for it to turn bullish?

does it sit at an origin of a move?

these are the things you should ask yourself to see witch direction you wanna trade.

by now you should have already understood that indicators for me are useless

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #130 ---
you dont always need a HH for a buy.

pa can help with a good enough rrr and HTF

(THIS IS NOT A TRADE SIGNAL OR SUGGESTION, i know how to cut losses, if you are learning from this thread, you propably dont know, so dont take the trade)
GO DEMO AND BACKTEST TO MASTER

practise makes perfect

even if i am wrong on this one and take a full loss, i know that there is very small chance to be wrong on my next buy setup. (that is the confidence you get after knowing exactly what you want to see totake a trade)

also, and most importantly, i have had good profits today so I AM WILLING to take a risky trade for high RRR

if i didnt have profits, i would have thought 3-4-5 times before takign the trade

--- 帖子 #131 ---
that would be enough for today. already said a lot more than i originally intented to when i started the thread

(i think you have guessed by now that EU is my favourite pair. it gives me the trades i want so there is no need for me to look at other pairs. start by doing exactly that, mastering one pair)

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Smart. Best time to get in is early. If you anticipate that price will reach the neckline of the Head and shoulders or even break it, then why not enter before it gets there? If you get stopped out, fine. If the trade works out,  you have a greater reward to risk. You could even get out at the neckline while H&S break out traders are just entering.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Notice that what we can see on the examples by nikosk0 are just channels.

My advice: forget about every single chart pattern you've learned. All that of chart patterns and candlestick trading is a crap and poisons your perception of price. Indicators are also very dangerous. Keep things simple. Your trading rules and pattern description must fit within 1/2 sheet of paper. Maybe you have first to learn a few thousands of pages, but then you need to condensate all into a small and elegant idea.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Hello nikosko and sherzi, thanks for posting, I would like to post some setups for you to check Attached Image (click to enlarge)

if thats ok, thanks Mike

--- 帖子 #135 ---
AU Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #136 ---
GJ Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Basic trading rule no one respects. Considering the structure you have shared. As a main rule of thumb and without acutally analyzing the setup nor the structure itself in terms of price action.

Are you able to successfully sell at the tops being profitable?

Are you able to succesffully buy at the bottoms being profitable?

Can you find setups there?

It is the most basic trading rule.

I, at least, only trade a structure if I expect trading it from side to side and beyond.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But it is already explained here by nikosk0 as you can see on the screenshot.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Study hard and practice every detail. Just stick to the rules nikosk0 is saying, do not assume any prior trading knowledge apart from that.

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Late entry. SL moved to B.E tho. Currently sitting at 1R. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #139 ---
GJ looks ok but
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the other 2 not valid

--- 帖子 #140 ---
I took a late entry too today. I was looking at the wrong asset, EU would have given me much more, but I like limiting my trades to one during the European session and another one for the American session and just stick to one single instrument per session.

In fact this is the worst entry I've done in the last two weeks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #141 ---
OK thanks for the replies, I was only looking at recent HH and LL, not to far back

also a set up on eurchf?

thanks again for sharing, looking forward to practising

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #142 ---
eurchf is the worst instrument to trade

can sit in one place for months and then start moving one direction without pullbacks or tiny ones

try focusing on one of the majors, the structure in them is cleaner.

also, dont trade your money. do some backtesting first one one instrument and then do some live. apart from learning you need to build confidence

condidence, not cockiness.i build cockyness sometimesw and trust me, its not good at all

--- 帖子 #143 ---
i dont have the balls for such a trade.  good it worked tho!

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Lol. I got an awful 1:0.5 RRR

EU would had given about 1:3

But well, it added up to the weekly...

It is just that looking at the weekly charts, I see certain bearishness in XXXUSD pairs.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Another late entry.

I think two losses I took yesterday are making me a little hesitant to enter too early.

I probably wouldn't have taken one of those losses if I had placed my SL above the previous swing like Nik does instead of the swing I was selling, but I like to keep my as SL tight as possible so I get more reward for  risk.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #146 ---
There is a false belief in technical analysis.

Swings do not act as support or resistance. Swings just determine the rythm price changes. Nothing else, nothing more.

Besides, I think you bought a breakout and I think nikosk0 is now showing that.

Forget everything what you learned about technical analysis: it is false. All of it.

That is why I say: stick to what nikosk0 teaches and do not assume he or she is applying any theory taken from what technical analysis books teach that is everything false. It is poison for your eyes and a hole for you pockets similar in size to Siberia.

As a rule of thumb, consider everything taught publicly about technical analysis, no matter the school of thought, it is false.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
You're right about technical fallacies, however I'm not regarding swings as res/support. Lol I've been through the whole Res/Sup thing and what not long ago ... Was useless for the most part

Also, I'm not exactly trading Nik's strategy as there's a difference between our entry techniques and how we set our stop losses. As I said on my first post here, his strategy is very similar to how I trade except for a few differences.

I look for change in market structure, wait for a measured retracement to create a new swing, wait for a preferred signal to tell me when to trade against the retracement... Place my SL above/below that swing.

So, I still stick to my model as it works for me more often than not, but I follow this thread for the extra nuggets shared by everyone.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Hi nikosk0,

I think I have started to understand your concepts behind now.

When a Higher High is formed, you anticipate a Higher Low to form. (Buy Setup)
When a Lower Low is formed, you anticipate a Lower High to form. (Sell Setup)

Your take profit 1 is a conservative one, you will try to close it around the previous formed Higher High/ Lower Low, as market swings at 90% of the time.

And for the best risk/reward ratio, we will need to test it out for ourselves to gain confidence about it. We should not expect someone to spoon feed us.

Do let me know if I have misunderstood anything.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Great

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Nik, this retracement is deep enough for your strategy right?  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #151 ---
that is almost perfect. the low that would interest me wasnt broken (or was barelly broken/equal)so i might hesitate

i would take the trade somewere at the wicks of your arrow with a stop above the highs and final tp 128.5. soem profit taing before for sure

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Yeah, entering around the wicks would have been best. I wait for some sort of confirmation before entering so i'm usually a bit late. I would have been out by now if i took it at the wicks.

Still testing some early entry methods. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #153 ---
an early entry gives me a better stop loss that is why i prefer it. also to keep a trade i need to see lows or highs getting broken

for example as i said yesterday i am interested in buyin eu cause its gonna be a big move fo around 70-80 pips. i calculate the 5m lows put stops at be and hope that price will break the highs. i take some profits meanwhile and wait to see a clear break of the highs.

example in the image below but i might change that way of trading in the future, strong trends like this are pissing me off. and i dont even know why i am not comfortable going with the trend at the lows. gotta change that, everything seems extened sometimes, and that is wrong way to think

gonna make a final attemt this week to buy it tommorow as a swing. sl at 1.174 tp1 at 1.185 tp2 at 1.1885

entry as close to 1.174 as possible so i can get bigger lots with the same risk.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
its not rocket science, or pattern. you gotta learn how to read the price fluctuations

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Lol I know the feeling. When the market looks too extended, you lose the confidence to take a trade with the trend because it feels like it could reverse at anytime.

I've accepted that I won't trade overextended trends because if the trade loses, I will say "I should have known better".

About your entries, do you just place your limit order at a price level as long as price has retraced enough to where you're comfortable? Or you have signs you look out for before you buy/sell?

--- 帖子 #156 ---
The one that didn't work didn't break the former structure and create a higher high/higher swing.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
when i am not in gambling mode i use structure with proper risk 1-1.5%. looking at 4hr candles you can understand whats goin on in 1hr , looking in 1hr can undreast the 15m etc. so if something interesting is in the htf, i go to ltf and watch.

when in gambling mode i use a mean reversion system i have made but the risk is minimal 0.1-0.2% for fun mostly even thop it works

when pissed i go all in everywhere  (no i am kidding)

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Koop, that was a perfect entry in the "zone" 78.6 ~88.1

Here is another one on EJ of March 18. You may see, that both are harmonic formations.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
harmonics are the ones described here?
https://www.investopedia.com/article...cy-markets.asp

just asking, never used them

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Those are basic ones. You can read the book mentioned there by Scott Carney.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
one more try. a lot of rr trade

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Yes Snail, that's correct. I noticed the retracements usually turn around between the 78.6 and 88.1 fib levels.  I don't trade harmonics but i know these are the turning points on some of the formations. May definitely be worth checking out.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Koop, me neither, there are so many of them, however, what they have in common I use. "78.6 ~ 88.1" is deep enough to validate turn.

Today: GBPUSD - tap on London Open, entry at 88.1

EURGBP - after full Elliot wave cycle, entry at 88.1 - short, then at -11.9 long, till London Open

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Ah, Elliot waves, another confusing thing i run away from. Kudos to you guys who understand it.

And, those fib levels are deep enough and give you a good place for your stops, where if they are hit, the trade direction is certainly invalidated.

That -11.9 level is interesting too, have you been testing/using it for a while?

--- 帖子 #165 ---
hi, i will be gone for a week. had a fall with my dirtbike and hurt both my hands. kinda hard to write.

koop and snail, both can be traded using market structure. sorry i cannot say more, i write with 2 fingers.

hope u understand

see u when i get better guys. trade safe

--- 帖子 #166 ---
man, i fail with skateboard too,, hurt my wrist hand, but i can type with all fingers

--- 帖子 #167 ---
it was the one time in the last 6 years i wasnt wearing my gear

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Looking to short GBPUSD soon. I won't be looking for too deep of a retracement on this one, but I'll wait for it if I don't get my signal soon.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

.............

Edit - I'm in. Now at the mercy of the Market beast.

Will move SL to B.E if price gets to marked previous low.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

..............

Edit 2 - Price reached previous low. Moved SL to B.E.

Only two options now. Get stopped out with no loss or price drops further to my 4R tp.

PS. I'll take 3R if I price starts slowing and i lose patience.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

..............

Edit 3 - currently at 2.5R.

"Palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy"

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4R target hit at 1.3783.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
was just about to post here exactly that with comments etc. no need now, just the images.

congrats mate, well done. excellent.

the trade we took was 5m trend continuation. the long i took was 30m trnd continuation. logic is the same in both trades.

simple market structure, master it, get 2-5r a day from 1 or 2 trades and live happily ever after

(both of these trades were for 4r)

--- 帖子 #171 ---
this setup is also market structure. just wait for it

we need, a clean break, entry on the retest of the break, stop below the lows of the accumulation zone, target 1.5r

i dont take these trades cause of the low rr, but it works most of the time (like 55-60%)

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Correct. This structure shift was staring me right in the face once I opened the chart.

One of those trades that started moving almost immediately. I missed a perfect 4R on EurCAd earlier in the day too.

Exactly. I took a 1r loss before that trade but I'm still left with enough to cover it and keep some change.

Missing trades too often these days though. Gotta fix that.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
you can use push notifications on mt4-5 mobile.

make a metaquotes account, go to your mobile, get a code, and enter it on the platform. you ll find it in youtube, its prety simple.

then just put an alert on a low or high you want to be broken and once that happens put another allert on the place where you are interested to enter

i wont lie, i only figured out today i could use that cause i also miss way too many trades cause of my normal job

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Oh thanks. I totally forgot about that whole process. I used to do the push notifications thing  back when I still did my analysis on MT4 desktop but since I moved to tradingview I only keep mt4 on my mobile for trade execution.

I'll see if I can activate the push notifications on tradingview, if not I'll just download MT4 on my PC again.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
BE CAREFULL if you trade against usd

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Hi Everyone in here

I trade with the idea of market structure as well, HH HL, LL LH, but in higher timeframe.

I understand that indicators is not quite welcome in here, but I wonder where any one knows such indicator.

On MT4, I can draw a rectangle zone/region and when price comes into this area, it sends me a notification. If no single indicator can do it, probably a combo of them? i.e. i first draw the zone using normal rectangle drawing tool, then apply a separate indicator to detect it and alert when price comes.

The idea is I trade higher timeframe, so opportunities don't come that often, and I dont have time to sit in front of the computer all day long, so I hope i can somehow use an indicator to warn me to get prepare.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Koop, congratulation on a nice trade !  Pull-backs are there, just to find them in real time is the quest .

Your GU on 5 min chart.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
dont know of any, check my comment on push notifications 2-3 posts above yours.

if it doesnt suit you, take a look at forex station, or ask any of the coders there if they can make one (there is a thread for such requests i think)

--- 帖子 #179 ---
This is an earlier EUR/GBP.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
what do you use there?

just fibo retracemetn 88.1?

i wouldnt be comfortable taking the eg trade

and i also never used fibo, i dont  even know how to put it on a chart

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Set on chart the level you are interested in. It can send you email.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Nikosk0, using eyes, after those years, with glasses now , fibs, harmonics, sessions open price levels. Yes, it takes a lot of eye training to spot places where to put those fibs. EG is my main pair, within GBP pairs.

Also, it is important to notice time during the day, not because of only news, but some price movements are happening often around a certain time. e.g GU yesterday.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Hi nikosko.

Please explain the market structure on this 4H chart. as I am getting confused. Because I have read from other post saying from previous high to current low is the impulse move. Thus the

one that you have marked should be considered as LTF move. Please clarify me. Thank you

--- 帖子 #185 ---
hello

i was trying to enter based on 1m and 5m structure to catch a 4hr pullback or reversal

ofc it didnt work and the htf structure prevailed, i got some profits in my 2 or 3 tries, but the main move i was anticipating didnt happen.

the stucture then changed so i stop taking longs

--- 帖子 #186 ---
1 trade per day no more. its enough

and below u wii also see a MTF(multitimeframe) analysis

--- 帖子 #187 ---
us30 maybe we get a setup

--- 帖子 #188 ---
was also waiting for this, missed it cause customers came (distractions)

market structure at its finest today guys

--- 帖子 #189 ---
got a better swing low than i anticipated. now only thing that remains is for price to come back and sort it (if it comes back)

patience

--- 帖子 #190 ---
This looks like it could materialize into a great set up. Unfortunately I don't trade indices ..

That GBPUSD short looks to be working out well.

I'm buying GBPAUD.

I missed the optimal buy entry right at the bottom where the arrow points. Perfect retracement. I would have banked the trade long ago. Eventually got a more risky signal along the way and it seems to be working okay.

Missed it on AUDUSD as well.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #191 ---
do some replay mode on us30 and u will fall in love i promise. always wait for the retest, always. it gives huge rrr

nice trade on ga. i exited my gu just now. reached my daily profit target so now only small trades

--- 帖子 #192 ---
yes, i saw your post and thats why i feel like asking a question addressing everyone and see whether we have a better solution.

I also made the request in the thread whether people can code it.

If i have any update, i will share in here as well.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Thanks for sharing.

This can do the trick somehow but still not ideal, but i can see whether this can be used as a foundation to develop one.

Appreciated!

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Koop, I was where you are now. Trying to be at many places at the same time. Missing opportunities and not very well managing running trades. Opted for just one pair full time and basically I "walk" with the price. Much better.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Lol this seems to be the best fix Man. The problem is I feel that it would seriously reduce opportunities that I could have exploited on other pairs. I tried it once and I couldn't help checking other pairs at the end of the trading day and kicking myself for not taking some opportunities.

But I've just recently trimmed my watchlist , removing most high spread cross pairs and exotics but I'm still left with about 16-20 Lol.

It'll be just 5-8 very soon, already trashed stupid CADCHF and AUDNZD today.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
i bassicalu trade3 pairs.

us30 gu eu

one trade at a time

entries are always there

--- 帖子 #197 ---
it would be good to have an indicator that gives you alert when price hits the area that you draw for the interested price

--- 帖子 #198 ---
US30 had messy price action on the 5 minute chart this afternoon. Structure looked like it was changing to long in the NY session, then it went short, and then long again.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Any short yet ? or waiting for shoot it down at H-Line
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Be patient,, it's not a right time to trade,, just do nothing for now,, take my daily activities, my hobbies,, i like photography, ps4 games, biking, rolling skate, ride on skateboard ect ect,,,
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #201 ---
no way, even monthly took out previous high. uchf is one of my favoutites but has certain reversal patern and it takes weeks. monthly weekly daily 4hr are all up for now. be carefull

--- 帖子 #202 ---
this was the only good trade on us30 yesterday. i wasnt there to take it since i got what i wanted from the markets i closed my mt4

the entry i was waiting never came. on the sidelines now

--- 帖子 #203 ---
this was a great long i wasnt there to take it. missed it for 2-3 minutes cause of distractions. mayb ewe can get a 30m setup now on a pullback

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Damn that was a beautiful trade. Probably gonna have to start waking up earlier.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
its the tokyo cklose / berlin open. 2hrs before london close. that is my usual time for trading, before ny opens i am ussually done for the day.

fun fact. i am in a timezone that my normal sleep is during the assian session. i wake up just right before tokyo closei and fall asleep right nefore ny open

--- 帖子 #206 ---
great work here sir, I respect your analysis, can you be posting your future trade plan here please.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
hi, thanks, i do post when i have time. you can see in some posts that i anticipate some things, and when these happen i am gonna take the trade.

i also focus on the 3 pairs i mentioned earlier and i try to post every day to show t oeveryone why they should focus on one pair and try to master it and ten move to another with a maximum of 2-3.

there are setups every day on every pair. also there is no need to take more than 1 trade a day. it is a truly high quality system once you master it, if you are disciplined you can get way above 70% success rate for aat least 1.5rrr.

try to read all the posts from the start to get the hang of it.

a line chart may help you a bit or a zig zag indicator if you cannot identify the swings at first.

do some backtesting and try not to copy my trades, it is not the safest option since its not only about the trategy as i have said many times

and dont force trades, just wait forr them to apear. focus on 5m and 30m. htf is good for direction if u need it

good luck

--- 帖子 #208 ---
2 trades on eu today

does anyone need more? i dont

--- 帖子 #209 ---
do not take the trade if you do not know how to manage it.

it is only what i see and it doesnt mean at all that i will take it.

these are just the things i look out for.

do not trade this system until you master it on back tsesting and figure out when to take profits, when tp go break even etc. and dont risk more than what u can fford to loose.

this is a reversal trade against all of the big timeframes, 4hr-daily-wekly-monthly and its also nfp on friday. know what you are up against before positioning yourselfs.

AT ALL TIMES USE HARD STOPS, NOT MENTAL STOPS

--- 帖子 #210 ---
EJ short. Gunning for 3R. Will move SL to B.E if/when price touches previous low.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #211 ---
stops at be and wait. 30% of the trde out as well.

could have waited for a better entry but oh well
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

another 30% of the trade out. 40% running
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #212 ---
looked nice, hope you didnt take a loss.

keep an eye on the majors when trading the crosses, eu and uj for example, look what they are up to.

i avoid the crosses like death unless i see 2 majors having opposite direction with usd.

below some trade results for a second prop firm challenge using only this system for those in disbelief.

if you like it, read the thread from the start and do some backtesting. focus on 1 pair to start with.

good luck

--- 帖子 #213 ---
one more setup on eu today.

WHO NEEDS MORE?

overtrading? not really, good setups as per the rules posted in 1st pot

first tradenorma rik, rest of the trades smaller risk.

no loss so far

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Oh yeah, I took small loss on that one. Felt too soon to move my SL to B.E

On to the next one.

Congrats on the 2nd prop task man.

How much longer do you plan on keeping your day job?

--- 帖子 #215 ---
i think so, higher tf is strong bullish trend,, just patient

--- 帖子 #216 ---
thanks mate.

a year maybe 2 i dont know. i hope i will not take more but so far i am ahead of the schedule.

i have set some targets to meet before i quit.

set a few hundred thousand €€ aside, (you never know when the prop firm model is gonna blow up)

make familly comfortable for the next 10 years

be steady at least +10%/month over the course of at least 6-8 months, build a solid track record unmatched by any other manual trader

build my funded accounts up to 2.000.000

set a bussines to legalise the profits

i dont think about it for now cause i dont wanna mess things up like when i started a year ago, but  i also cant wait any longer, i got sick n tired of my work and the nuisance of the people it involves, also got to move on with my personal life cause my current work cant support it comfortably (it is 3 families for one work).

i could drop it right now but i dont feel i got enough back up if i somehow mess things up.

so basically, set up my finances good enough to live a comfortable decade without worries. i dont need lambos, gucci and islands.

these are my thought when and if they will come true, only time will tell, i try my best

--- 帖子 #217 ---
4 eu setups today
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #218 ---
NEVER EVER PAY FOR SIGNALS, i have no idea how that scammer found me but anyway

70 pip stop for 40pip tp1

--- 帖子 #219 ---
I never pay for those fucking scammers,, I never use any "magic systems",, I never learn any favorite indicators MACD EMA ect ect..

This is how i trade and i keep that way in 20 yrs trading recently,, this way is good for me but most of traders in this FF ignored me

Work Smart, Don't Work Hard.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #220 ---
dont tell me you keep the long from that low????????????????

WOW

utmost respect !!

yes, dont change what wins

--- 帖子 #221 ---
just the time i focus to sure the trend is ended,, it's time to use japanese candlestick for confirmation, i need to see Doji sticks around at H-Line 800pips to make decision to get out Long position or continue to keep it. Because the trend runs almost 800pips and it needs to exhaust. After that, it will continues go up trend or go down trend ?? honestly i tell you that i don't know. We'll see it later.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Just patient guys,, hold your fire,, and wait
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Lol that's a damn good plan. Taking full advantage of what you could gain from these props till something goes wrong. If one could save up only 50k-100k from profits before then, that'd be great to earn and keep a 100% of it.

I think your plan is very doable. All that matters now is the monthly consistency and discipline to follow and respect the strategy which already works.

Lol man, 800pips looks good but I can't do this anymore. I don't have the patience to trade the Daily and hold trades for days or even weeks.

I started off trading only the 4hr charts and it was fun for a while but I remember how I would be consumed by anxiety whenever there was a long period of consolidation or retracement. Kudos!!

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Trade Manager EA.ex4 Super useful good tool I have been looking for a very long time, thank you for that !!!!

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Missed entry on GBPCAD. Already at 1:8R within only 15 minutes.

Was looking at another pair.. Phew!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit - 2.5R.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
better than mine, distracttions came in and didnt lock my trade on gu at 1rr. took a full loss after a while

bad way to start of the day but cant expect everything to work

--- 帖子 #227 ---
You entered earlier than usual too.

Never a good feeling to start the day with a loss.

I personally tend to lose the next trade I take after missing a good one.

Gonna try to avoid that today.

--- 帖子 #228 ---
it was ok, retest of the broken structure and it reacted well exactly were i entered.

it is just one of those days.

havent taken a second trade yet, nothing i like perosnaly and i dont want to risk a second loss in a row.

today is all about 1m even 5m is shit

there was this long but it happened so fast that by the time i finised cakculating my lot size it was gone

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Pretty annoying day.

3 successful but missed trades

1 loss.

Just entered EURCAD short on 5m.

3R target.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

___________

Edit - SL moved to B.E with profits at 1.5R.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #230 ---
"if you dream that with 1k you can become a millionare you can forget it 1k-3k-9k-27k-81k-243k-729k-2.1m in 8 years WITH the smallest capital, with the smallest possible risk, worst case scenario."

Please stop telling everyone this opinion... just because you have not done it does not make your opinion true.. I know someone who's turned $500 into over $850,000+ and then turn that into over $1 million in profit IN UNDER 1 YEAR... he did it twice!!!

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Nikosk0 I use these scripts. You can amend to several values (SL, TP) and save them. When needed just click on the most suitable value to place a trade.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
i also know someone that did it 70 times.

nik the greek.

he was a gambler

(it can be done, the math is there to prove it. the psycological factor is the big issue)

i fell asleep, got tired of waiting for a second trade. i might not even get one. took one swing trade for fun. ec looks good, congrats.

edit. i found my trade yeeee, so happy! eu
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

thanks man but i use mt5 and havent found nothng that fits me yet. unless i pay for it ofc

--- 帖子 #233 ---
[quote=nikosk0;13478595]{quote} i also know someone that did it 70 times. nik the greek. he was a gambler (it can be done, the math is there to prove it. the psycological factor is the big issue) {quote}

I agree...

--- 帖子 #234 ---
lesson time

all that u know, if u want to trade this sytem, throw it out of the window. forget everything

i refer as "seristance" or "sort gatherring area" but its not. it is just an area of interest for those who know how how to trade. a place with a lot of liquidity

liquidity=pending orders.

market structure is the only way in my humble opinion to identify such zones and corectly trade them

works on all ttimeframes
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and here is the orderbook that just proves my point

--- 帖子 #235 ---
EURCAD trade came 5 pips close to 3R target and reversed. Stopped out at 1R.
Shit!!!

Does anyone know or use any efficient trailing stop techniques?

new trade - GBPJPY short. 3R target. (SL at B.E)
Will gladly take 2R to round up this rubbish day.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #236 ---
I don't trade by TF,, i trade by prices,, i trade several trades per year can cover my 1 year living cost,, other times i use for daily activities as working for pizza company in night time because i'm boring, and enjoy my hobbies in day time.

I don't need to be millionaire,, my goal is comfortable life,, and i created my system,, and my system works sucessfully 25 years

--- 帖子 #237 ---
learn to read the candles, 1m candle is seconds of price action. trail the structure. each time u see a new lower low put your stop at previous swing high(lower high)

if u need so much, pay tradingview to see second charts. structure is always the same, onall timeframes. even more so sa we go down.

if u need more info let me know

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Hmm, thanks.

I'll test the 1m structure trailing stops over the weekend and let you know.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Today's indices market is so strong, do you guys have any good method to enter such a strong trend?

I always find it difficult to walk with such a strong trend

--- 帖子 #240 ---
i only trade us30 but the rules are the same

today kinda sucked but if u were good enough there was 1 trade but too risky for my taste and happened too fast as well
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

just noticed a short as well. if taken  with proper managemnt you should get a break even
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. in your chart i dont see any setup based on market structure. i can see other setups but they dont offer the rrr i want for me to take them

--- 帖子 #241 ---
This kind of trident is quite reliable to spot opportunity. Works also the other way.

EURUSD 3x - a nice harmonic pattern

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Nas100 was very strong yesterday as well, I would say us30 was a bit choppy hence was not a good example to demonstrate question.

So if you were to trade the strong us500 yesterday, how would u take trades please?

--- 帖子 #243 ---
i have not tested the s+p500 to know it exact behaviour

so based on my knowledge there were 2 entries, one intraday and one swing.

blue is the swing and red is the intraday.if u go to smaller timfame for the intraday it i prety eassy to spot it

--- 帖子 #244 ---
I agree those are the possible entries, but this also suggest that if i missed it, i miss it, the trend was too strong.

This is a 30min chart, and even the pull back in your red entry is very shallow, so I myself would not be confident/experience enough to enter this trade.

You have any tips to enter the red trade?

--- 帖子 #245 ---
luckyvictor,I found only one possible set up on 5 min yesterday US30

--- 帖子 #246 ---
That's a good one as well, thanks. But this one would be difficult to spot live.

Btw, how do you guys enter? I.e engulfing candle/evening/morning star/hammer etc at the interested spot? Divergence at the lower timeframe? Or just limit order?

--- 帖子 #247 ---
I just wanted to throw in a thank you to nikosk0 for a wonderful thread.

I wish I had someone to tell me to start with naked charts when I started out 5 years ago. I wasted about 3-4 of them by cluttering my charts with all kinds of indicators, when in reality the signs of strength/weakness lies in the change of rotations.

One question in regards to trade-management. Would you ever consider adding in something like this if you can get a technical target of 1.5R on each?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #248 ---
yeah if u miss a trade just forget it.dont chase a trade, let it come to you. the red one wasnt perfect and i propably would not take it but the idea is below

this looks good as well on this tf

some times i dont use confirmation. if i need confirmation just move on to ltf and see how the structure behaves there (if you cannot spot it from the timerfame you see the setup on)

of all the things that u mentioned, you dont need any. divergence especially is the biggest lie

--- 帖子 #249 ---
entry1 with sl1 is ok for 1.5r. but on 1m the spread can be a pain in the ass.

entry2 with sl2 is a break out trade, they often fail and you can rarelly get more than 1.5r. (unless ofc i dont know how to trade them since i never liked break outs)

thanks for ur kind words

--- 帖子 #250 ---
this is my bread and butter tool in trading, i build mysef this indicator and the EA, but i share here only the indi...it detects any object on your chart based on Horizontal line..or Rectangle..and Trendline.....there is self extender rectangle...don't ask me about the filter i use, it's off for default..but you can try to turn on the filter, maybe it can make you smile happily...just take it as is..
Attached File(s)   Price Action.ex4

17 KB
|
603 downloads

Cheers,happy trading and goodluck

--- 帖子 #251 ---
check this one, just draw the lines it will put automatically the TF as text on which it is drawn and send alert too.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post13446674

--- 帖子 #252 ---
nikosk0 - A great thread - keep it up !!!

--- 帖子 #253 ---
great coding, just tested it works like charm! thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
How do I set the indicator to show any activity? See only the original graph.

--- 帖子 #255 ---
After a slow morning with two 1R losses, i just hit two 3R wins in a row. 4R net for the day.

Thinking of wrapping things up but the charts keep calling.

________

GbpJpy short
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

________

UsdChf Short
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I know, I know, if i had held longer i could have gotten 10R+ Lol...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #256 ---
excellent work once more mate

was just about to post.

i was gu long uchf sort for hours and theydidnt move so i exited.

took the long on eu for +4r but ecxited early at 1.189 as it kept moving 30 pips myway (could have gotten 7r but i was on mobile and when isaw it i just closed the trade)

in any case

structure is there, i havent changed anything on my markigns. if you identify and follow you profit.

a loss here n there is no problem. how you haandle it matters. take the loss, shalow it and move on to the next trade

--- 帖子 #257 ---
now looking to sort eu for 10-15 pips 1m

always wait for market to give u direction, dont jump in

--- 帖子 #258 ---
That EU signal was solid. It was what drove me to look at and take USDCHF since it seemed better to me.

You're right about the losses. So long as you keep them small compared to your wins, then they don't matter.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
I guess you're in this trade already. Nice break of structure on the 1m and 5m charts but I didn't like how it was looking on 1H so i skipped.

Just took a risky EURCAD long on the 1m/5m... I don't usually trade the 1m but will see how it goes (after all price is fractal right? Lol).

--- 帖子 #260 ---
yeah i just got in 20-30 minute ago. but i wont keep it open for long. london just closed so i will give it an hour or two to perfom.

i might cut it at  a loss but it doesnt matter. sticking to the plan.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
EURCAD 1m long trade worked out. Closed at 3R.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That's it for today.

Gonna study the 1m chart more... Seems it's not all just noise like most traders say.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
solid!

i dont look at crosses but nice one. i got out of eu with small loss.

not my normal rik ofc 30% of normal when trading against the main trend

--- 帖子 #263 ---
one more thing to point out.

i knew there  were news comin out

now just see how it did not affect our trading

possitive for the dollar and still dollar got weeker

point is, dont care about the news, do your thing and you weill be fine

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Lol I don't even remember there's a calendar (I hope I don't forget when I start trading an FTMO account).

Price will go where price wants.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
thats the one thing thats pissing me off with them.

litterally i've backed from excellent trades only for this stupid rule and a ton of times i forgot to check for news before taking a trade. i was lucky so far

now i am doing 2 other firms that dont have such restriction.  am only waiting to make some money and see if they pay

--- 帖子 #266 ---
you must define your own SR lines, Trendline or SR/SD zones manually..and the indi will give you alert when the price touch your lines

--- 帖子 #267 ---
How do you identify the trend ? and in which TF?

trend up when you have HH, HL,HH,HL

trend down when you have LH,LL,LH,LL

and that is with wick or without wick?

Allow me to keep momentan the EMA50 and 200 in the chart or clarify the question of the trend/bias

1/ in D1 we have a general up trend, but look at the last 1 month we have down trend, look at last 5 days we have HH,HL,HH so up trend.... what is your bias then, UP or down?

2/ In second picture TF H1 clearly we have UP as there is HH,HL,HH....

3/ In third picture  TF M15 again clearly a UP bias, but the top has come into a consolidation, we are about to breakout to the south side

so which bias or which trend is valid for you

I allow me to leave the EMA 0 and EMA200 in the pictures, as retailers often think i the price still above EMA50 they stay with the trend. and i price still above a EMA200 that is a premium market, or the sell market .... that in general will be opposite to out understanding of trend using only HH, HL, LL, LH

Please be specific, what trend you see for GU at the moment, 05/Apr/2021? and why?

I am also asking because your chart sometime use D1, H4, M15, and some are also M5, when you say trading with the trend then which TF, inc ase like I express for GU in the last few trading days which trend are you in?

--- 帖子 #268 ---
hi

first off let me clarify i am not a mentor and i dont get paid. to explain all that to you i need to re-write the thread all over again. do what you wish with your charts but if you want to learn this system get rid of all that mess of indicators

i'll give u a few tips.

the daily the way you have made the markings looks like a downtrend but you have the lines wrong. it has crossed up the pb zone so it has changed for now, need confirmation to sort. you will get it only from lower timeframe 1hr-4hr

start by using one timefframe. 5m is ok, plenty of opportunity to excersise

ps. that stop loss blue lines u are using are dangerous and have been made for break out trades INTRADAY ONLY on the most tradable pairs of the broker it is getting its information from

dont use your live acount.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
thank you for our words of warning, and "first off let me clarify i am not a mentor and i dont get paid." especially because of that I hope to  get a sincere answer how to deal with the bias

" that stop loss blue lines u are using are dangerous " that long blue line or light blue horizontal lines

I intend to post question along my reading, but now I decide I will finish reading all your thread before post more question, I like to understand our stuff fully and correctly. I hope you remember the BIAS and see cases to help me with.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
i was talking about he lines in the pic cirlced blue. crowed stop loss indicator or something is called.

if its recent i will remember i guess. but i think an image is enough

--- 帖子 #271 ---
2 bes n 2 wins today.

bes were similar but didnt perform

--- 帖子 #272 ---
hi Nikosk0

With reference to "it has crossed up the pb zone so it has changed for now, need confirmation to sort"

Would you mind to show in a little more detail of

1. it has crossed up the pb zone

2. need confirmation to short

I always get caught at the bottom of a bullish trend, because i kept shorting from 'supply zone' in higher timeframe, like the yellow circle shown in the GU example here.

P.S I am trading higher timeframe, so i would short at the yellow circle n have TP as the demand zone at the red box below.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
a very quick one on EU 5M

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #274 ---
"supply zones" or previous lower lows for me, interest me only the first time, not the second one

you could tell the second time it would propably fail from 3 reasons, 1 it took too much time to go down, second in the second image the one marked is not just a high, it is a higher high of a lower timeframe and it also failed to make a lower low on 4hr (you can see this in my chart). that alone is your exit criteria. in the first test price went down fast, and that is the price action we are looking for, not slow and choppy markets. if slow and choppy get out cause you never know whats gonna happen
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

today also it was bound to go down
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

if you want to trade supply and demand alongside market structure keep in mind that sad zones should only be used the first time and not everytime. and also they need to be fresh (for me)

--- 帖子 #275 ---
excellent, took the exact same trade! then i took a los right after :/ and a win right after. lol i have edited like 4 times

when markets trends like that it pisses me off. you can only do precision guesswork as to were its gonna reverse and take small trades.

its doin random things. i hate it

bu thisis the importance of structure, you dont just entrer, you wait for someone else to reverse it and enter at the rerest.

that way you avoid overtradeing

i edited again to show the reasoning of the trades on the graph if someone does not understand it

(that should make it at least 5 edits hahah)

--- 帖子 #276 ---
IF THE ZONE HOLDS

thats my plan

i anticipate that this will happen. if it does happen i will take the trade.if it doesnt happen, oh well, on to the next one

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Great thread Nikos.

A question.......how do you differentiate between the choppy areas and tradable zones ?

Can this be traded on the M1 chart?

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Completely agree great thread.

Hi NikoskO

How can we make more objective the definition of highs and lows, that the only thing that i find more difficult,

I use the zig zag but depending on the value that you set it at will find longer or shorter swings,

Do you have any specific way of defining the swings so it makes it easier to find or just visually and practice?

Thanks

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #279 ---
we cant, well i havent found a way other than practise, there might be one. price is like a language, everyone talk, read, write and listen but not everyone can make a best seller book.

the black lines you see on my tradingview charts come from my view of the 4ft timeframe, use them as your guidlane and try to make your own on other timeframes.

post them here and if i see mistakes i will try to explain

thats the easier part. its when you are not sure, thats when you dont trade

practise makes perfect. practise one pair and one pair alone on random timeframes and random dates

--- 帖子 #280 ---
thanks for sharing your insight.

I tried to trade US30 today but is so difficult, did you trade it today n u managed to get sth out?

Wanna know how you look/comment the market today

--- 帖子 #281 ---
i didnt trade us30 today didnt like it.

market was a mess in general. the only 2 trades  i noticed were the ones below and the 2 wins 1 loss i mentioned in an earlier post. but still they were not clean enough for a new trader that practises this system.

i wasnt looking at other pairs, i focused on those 2 only because the rest were trash in my point of view (the other majors and the us30) and they are the ones i know their behaviour a lot better than the others

i traded 1m and 15s charts since 5m-1hr and above didnt provide me with setups (or i was not here to take them).

to be fair, i am happy i ended up in profit in such conditions.

in general during strong trends, this system doesnt have too many entries. but trends happen 30% of the time, so adds are in our favour. strong trends have been happening the past 5-6 weeks and i truly hate them but it can still work.

practise - practise - practise on one pair on several timeframes. master one pair, its not easy, but once it clicks you are set

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Hi Nikosk0

I am seeing a downtrend in EU

--- 帖子 #283 ---
dont trade the assian session, just forget it. wait for london to give you direction.

just above ive said to ue the zones only once and not twice.

i do not see a setup in your chart neither long nor sort, the sort you point out for me is not valid, we got a HL not a LL. that means that the trend is loosing momentum.

and you cant expect everytime that a trend will reverse with no pullbacks.

it could stil break he previous high of 1.1915, we need to wait for market to give us direction.

edit. i see a setup now. see how it goes,
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

edit2. sl hit, oh well.... this ussually works. but then again, it doesnt have to work every time

similar setup to this was the gu sort a couple of days ago

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Hey Vic,  I'd suggest going over the strategy rules and parameters again. I don't think you fully understand it.

Also, if you're going to trade structure, you might as well forget about those big S&D or S&R zones you're drawing.

IMO it's not really necessary.

Structure breaks or changes can happen anywhere at any time on any time frame. Your job is to spot it and wait for a structure based retracement to either long or short it.

For example.

If price is trending upwards and making HH and HLs, simply watch to see when it breaks the uptrend structure and makes a clear Lower Low (LL).....

After a LL has been printed..YOUR EXPECTATION or anticipation should be that price will retrace and make a LH which you will short in line with a potentially new short term or medium term downtrend.

Now, where Nik's strategy shines is the part where you wait for the retracement after the new LL. the retracement has to be deep enough and close to the previous high or swing as possible, in order to give you a good area to place your stop loss and provide enough room for your trade to run and earn you at least 1.5R if the trade actually works out.

We all have our ways of determining how deep the retracement goes before we are comfortable to short, most of it is discretionary, especially in my case... But if you want a more defined/mechanical approach,  I'd suggest using Snail69's  fibonacci 78.6 and 88.6 levels approach.

After the new LL has been made, simple draw your fib from previous high to the new LL and wait for price to retrace to around the 78.6 and 88.6 fib levels, then look for your own reason to short, placing your stop loss above the previous high.

I think that's basically it. You can add whatever extra components you may want. Just don't overcomplicate things.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
EurAud short for 3R towards the close of yesterday.

I usually don't trade that late or hold trades overnight but I was quite confident the trade would work out so I took only a small percentage risk.

3R target hit during Asian session today.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Nasty price action though.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
well, thats basically a better explanation than i could provide. thanks man. congrats on your ea trade! although i got confused seeing that red line thinking it was the bid/ask lines from the spread

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Haha no way. Those were horizontal lines.

But I was looking at my charts at the close of markets and  the spread and ask line actually widened over 30 pips during rollover ... I always delete my SL and put it back one hour later when spreads return to normal.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
NZDUSD Long - 3R target close.

Basic - New higher high, wait for potential HL, buy on signal, Stoploss below previous swing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

___________

Edit - 3R Target Hit at 0.7053.

Now the struggle becomes trying to avoid giving profits back to the market.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Thanks nikosk0 and koop. I guess I do understand the rule, but what I need to work on is to train my eyes and get rid of bad/old habit.

Btw, do u guys actually stay in front of the chart to catch opportunity or u have some sort of alert ? Not necessary a trading signal but early "reminder" to get back to chart

--- 帖子 #290 ---
you could put alerts on, i personally dont cause i also work and cannot leave my work to trade.so i just have a plan in place and if it so happens that i see somethign interesting while on pc i take the trade.

when i got 2-3 hours that i can stay in fron of the pc i ussually scalp the 1m chart

--- 帖子 #291 ---
ALL my trades and the one running on usdchf

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Lol ballsy move scalping 1m with no stops. Must have been desperate

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Market structure, symmetrics, harmonics...

GBPUSD - one whole harmonics pattern. That is it the reason I stayed in the trade.

EURGBP - symmetics, AB=CD - my favourite

--- 帖子 #294 ---
it is mt5, doesnt display stops or tp's like mt4. and not it is not the account i posted in the prop firm hub hahah, this one is the fxseed. when scalping 1m i dont really put stops, my first move is to go break even in seconds, not even minutes check my gu below and you'll see. unless i dont know how to make them been seen

had the same entry and tp as your second gu trade, as for crosses i dont know how to trade them

good ones mate!

--- 帖子 #295 ---
In essence I think nikosk0 in this thread trades ABC-patterns and will target a larger RR if the setups is in a strong trend. That means there is no immediate upside/downside noise for the price action. But as you show in post 282, price is inside a larger LL/HH and he would go for 1.5-2R runs (or step aside) because you are pretty much inside a consolidation.

I am having a slight a-ha moment because I have always been trading BO-patterns, and you can be profitable of course, but the best RR trades are in swings I think. Before I used to hate all pullbacks, but now I am trying to think in new ways that the deeper my pullback after a HH (long) is to the previous L, the better the opportunity. He has not said anything about entry technique, but I think he has something like 3 categories:

a) Previous zipper-areas (consolidation) and a pending order.

b) candle reversals with a trigger order (actually a break out)

c) higher timeframe confirmation entry on a higher timeframe (ex. if he trade 5m swings, then he look for the break of a 30m)

Maybe I can lure nikosk0 into confirming

--- 帖子 #296 ---
i dont trade break-outs, i always wait the retest or accumulation at the break out with something like a cup pattern on ltf.

i dont have something specific for entry. only need a good strong break and a retest of the break. if the retest forms accumulation area i put my stop above the accumulation, if it goes one way fast i go break even fast.

be's are more than the wins i think.

in a sence, i let big players give me direction and follow them

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Hi its me again,

(1)
Attached Image

(2)
Attached Image

In screenshot (1) that you have shared, you entry at retest at near previous low instead of previous high.

In screenshot (2) that you have shared, you entry at retest of previous high.

Attached Image
If you are looking for a long wick as confirmation, why your entry isnt somewhere around the black line?

I am curious about how you look at the "retest". Would appreciate if you could explain that. The samples that you provided consist of look-ahead bias.

Thank you.

Best Regards

Tee

--- 帖子 #298 ---
hi. on eu the structure is still up from 30m chart and above, since price pb verry deep near the lows of 30m we can buy it without confirmation for very big rr.  (that is why i posted both timeframes)

on gu on the other hand, structure on htf was down and only 1m and 5m was up so we base off our entry best on those small timeframes and not the higher ups.

so bassically the eu long was a 30m-4hr trade with a 1m entry. the gu long was just a regular 1m-5m structure trade.

for the eu long i didnt get confirmation at the time i entered and that is why i placed my stops at break even both times very fast and that is why i was taken out. i could have entered later but i was not on pc at the time.

a similar failed setup is below and this is the reason why you must protect your capital firtst and make money later

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Thank you for the explanation as always.

Best Regards,

Tee

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Excellent!

This is and must be the right way to think of a good trader.

I use a 0.5% risk / trade. You can see the results for 3 months on EURUSD

With the greatest thanks! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Did anyone catch this set up on EurGbp?

Missed this beauty and took a loss on an EurAud short instead. Smh.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #302 ---
a beauty.awesome setup . i wasnt here today so didnt trade at all.

--- 帖子 #303 ---
is this a compliant entry ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #304 ---
i dont know the word compliant but you look too far back in too the past. we only care for the most recent swings

not the kind of trade i like though unless i go swing on it

--- 帖子 #305 ---
This is probably the best message board thread I have ever seen dating back to the late 1990s.

Hoping this setup on EURAUD plays out. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #306 ---
thanks make. yeah ea looks really good, on the bigger timeframes as well up to the weekly.

i might take it as well at london open, i dont trust aussie session for aussie trades,.

good luck with it

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Weird trading day for me. Few break even trades and two losses. Felt like I was forcing it.

Gonna get some sleep and come back refreshed.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
same here. had a short swing on eu that eventually hit stop loss. work has begun and not much time for scalping.

even on 5m thought, not much to do. not good setups at all from what i see now

--- 帖子 #309 ---
A very nice bat on EURGBP.

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Nice Trade Snail!

Btw, I noticed you had a second entry. How do you decide when to scale in and how often do you get burnt on the second entry?

--- 帖子 #311 ---
EURUSD Short 3R target.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Great thread!. Thanks for sharing. I didnt quite understand a few things which I am noting below. Will appreciate if I can get those answered.

From Post #1

- only 1 trade at a time or one swing and one scalp, never 2 swings or 2 scalps. all pairs are coorelated. (Does this mean do not trade consecutive swings?)

- ps3. try to focus on 1-2 pairs and master them. when you do, add more pairs to your arsenal

--- 帖子 #313 ---
It was a great trade this morning.

Hoping it is setting up again now!

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Internal feeling, mostly after picturing a potential harmonic pattern developing.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
structure shift, you know what to do next. learn to play the game.

edit. i rephrase to "you should know what to expect next, and do, if conditions are met"

good luck

--- 帖子 #316 ---
We had a higher high, followed by a lower low. Still trying to train my eyes to see market structure. So we are now expecting price to retrace to around 1.1975 (or even higher?), before selling?

--- 帖子 #317 ---
yes, something like that. depending on the rr an the confirmation you may want you looks for an entry. 1.1975 or 1.198 are both good to sort for a swing type of trade.

for a scalp on 5m i would like to see 1.1988.

also need to manage the trade accornindigly, keep the trade open whilst it keeps making lowers lows and lower highs on smll timeframes and exit the moment we ee a higher high.

so entrer either swing on 30m-4hr and trail based off 30m or wait for 5m entry and trail the 1m timeframe.

something like that.

IF it goes up for a retest.

if it doesnt go up again, we are not interested for now.

it also needs to happen today. the more time it takes the less propability it has to succed

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Great, thanks for your detailed answer. Much appreciated

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Nik I don't think EURUSD is going to retrace that far, but GBPUSD already has, new Lower High.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
GU (with pivots it is easier to spot- Fibonacci)

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Yeah that's it. Already have a small order in, GBP hasn't been nice to me lately.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
GU hasn't been much fun to trade as of late. Ranging like hell. And small ADR.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
mate i have bullish bias on htf gu, i cant sort it.

i like 4hr to be clean to trade gu and right now it looks shit.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
NU earlier this morning.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Just sold EU at 1.1980 which happens to be the daily open as well. Let's see how this plays out.

Edit - dodgy price action close to 4pm UK time so got out for 13 pips.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Took a loss on my GBPUSD Short.

Let's see if I can get  3R on this EURUSD short.

Late entry, was busy nursing my Cable trade smh.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #327 ---
anoying pa to say the least.

1.192 is what i want, am not being greedy....

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Were u planning to take a short after it made LL?

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Gold -- a nice structure on 15 min TF, after price stopped to move, I opted to exit.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
your exit was a decent buy as well. nice mate.

my work has caught up to me so i dropped scalping for now, i am at the screens once every few hours.

posted an idea on gu 4hr on cable thread, it now stands at 2r and waiting. it is good structure but not clean the way i like it for this thread. could prove usefull.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post13503276

edit for the image below

--- 帖子 #331 ---
GBPJPY seems to be going long after pull back. Similar setup like GBPUSD but seems to be already executing

--- 帖子 #332 ---
its unfortunate that i didnt look at au daily and weekly charts, this was clean for 1.5r and trailing

i dint take it, i just saw the chart from another user and noticed the structure was there
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

gj weekly is no playground mate. looks good but could turn bearish any moment. long 4hr looked ok but needed very good management.

if taken, i personally would only get maybe 1-1.5r out of this trade. half out at 2r and trailing stop at about 1r if managed correctly
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i am interested in sorting it on 4hr-daily but i dont have a setup yet

--- 帖子 #333 ---
I want to commend Nikosk0 for this awesome thread. Much respect for you. I have been trying to understand trading for the last 3 years and ultimately managed to get some headway using M and W patterns, but couldn't understand why so many of them used to fail. My eyes are trained well to read price action and also to look for highs and Lows , but obviously its is the identification of decent setup and trade management that matters (this is where I am working).  Executed long on Gold today and worked very well. One quick question, do you really tend to take that HH or LL that appear after a run of up or downtrend. Sometimes, HH or LL appear as part of up trend or down trend. Do they vary in quality? Cheers.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
i do not understand the question if i'm honest. can you please demonstrate?

for screenshots i use lightshot if you dont have a specific tool

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Anyone watching these higher lows?  Still could break down to the higher 1.1950 - 80 area from here and still would not break the previous higher low but also looks good to the upside from here.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
yeah had a sort on eu, took me out break even at current market price. till the first low you pointed out is broken we are still in an uptrend.

second low was a perfect pullback to a previous broken structure but i find eu way to extended for me to keep buying.

as long as price respects my lines on daily and 30m i will try to sell for a good 4-5r reversal but get fast break evens. we are in 370 pip move without a serious pullback, only time correction, that happens 2-3 times a year and "trend traders' love it. personally i prefer the choppiness of the the daily timeframe than the trendiness of it, plenty of opportunity for 30m and 5m trades there.

--- 帖子 #337 ---
OMG......GBPJPY did went bearish and that too on 1hr.....how on earth did you see that coming.....brilliant

--- 帖子 #338 ---
mtf analysis. if i saw that coming i would have traded it, i didnt get a setup tho, i prefered to sort gu than gj

also see how AU and EU fell off a cliff and i think they will keep droping along with gu.

now i have a swing setup on UC with potential to go a lot higher than my tp. (i have 4 buy orders on it. the first tp is what you see, the others are higher, i will traill all of them accordingly and take profits at some point to make this trade risk free)

its not that i am always right, we dont need to be 100% of the time correct. a good 1.5-2rr + 50-70% accuracy is morethan enough with good money management and trade management

also as i have said, all pairs are coorelated, i trade 1 at a time iotherwise i get distracted

--- 帖子 #339 ---
It looks like GOLD on 1hr chart has finished its retracement and going bullish. Bearish retracemebt has little momentum.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
you hit my sweet spot. i rarelly trade gold these days but wheni trade it i only buy, never sell

watch out for weekly and monthly, might not be a retracement.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
possible scenario, wait for it, use your own confirmation for entry.

it is also friday market ussually stops moving after london

gl

--- 帖子 #342 ---
EurGbp 15 min TF

Somehow I see better those structures on 15 min. Especially when they are a part of harmonic pattern.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
jesus. glorious strade, congrats for your patience

i love them on 5m. 30m is to see bigger picture for me.

havent traded 5m for at least a week now, not time available. only after london close but i dont like trading then

i stick to 3 pairs when trading this

a friend has a sortlist of 14 ifi recall. ej ea ga gn eg ac i believe are his favourites.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Eventually I ended up with just 2 pairs - EG and EN.

Thank you for your kind words.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
UC made a higher high and lower low on the same 4 hour candle as far as I can see. And overall the trend seems bearish (seeing a lot of lower lows to the left). Is it not more likely that the bearish trend will continue after some retracement? Still trying to master market structure.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
it could but pivot is getting respected for a while now

rr is very high (2 is the minimal you can get if this works) so for me it worth the risk

but due to weekend coming i just got out for -0.2r

next week we got a new weekly candle witch could change things (i dont think so but..)

--- 帖子 #347 ---
USDJPY on 1hr is starting its retracement, at the end of 1hr retracement will make a bullish move till around 109 and then will become bearish again in line with daily chart

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Hi Ashiq, so did you applied same technique as described by nick.......donu have your own understanding of how you look for things or anything differently.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
EURUSD made a new HH on 15min, after retracement will resume its bullish move as it is so far bullish on 4hr.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
eu is not clean but yeah, i consider longs safer for now up to 1.213 maybe, higher than that i dont think it can go today.

no major lower has yet been broken to signify a reversal or a bigger pb.

i am no fan of strong trends just so u know.

ps/ what i post is my expectation, meaning, i want this to happen to enter. if it doesnt happen i will not enter. anyway i dont scalp thise days, dont have the time to do so.

good luck

--- 帖子 #351 ---
5m breached down. be ware if long
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

edit.

1.5r banked in profit, waiting for more
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #352 ---
he is here to find customers, not provide information or anything. do not pay attention, his latest post confirms that. i hope it cannot be seen now

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Thanks bro ..……. in fact, I have started to understand your way of trading. For some reason, I can not upload the images (trying to figure it out). But I'm sure you can see from my messages that I have started to pick up some better trades.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
DOWNLOAD and install lightshot. press the printscreent button or the icon on the bottom right corner and same on your desktop. then just upload it here
https://app.prntscr.com/en/index.html

--- 帖子 #355 ---
EU has broken a low on the 30 minute chart (highlighted). Expecting some retracement and then further downside?

--- 帖子 #356 ---
I dont see yet too much potential for eu going much to the downside. today at least.

to go for good sort i wanna see 1.2025 then a move up to 1.21-1.211 and sort from there.

30m is shit right now. focus on 5m if you want to trade eu

1.20-1.2025 is the max dowside potential for eu atm. maybe even a buy order there would be good but we need to wait and see the reaction

my expectation below for a swing trade sort. right now its in no-mans land. you are either keeping ssorts from the top or longs from lower and trailing. until soemthing happnes to give u direction we stay out. or trade other timeframes

--- 帖子 #357 ---
meanwhile on EJ 9not one of my favourites but i will try it out and see what happens

--- 帖子 #358 ---
So USDJPY reached 109 and went bearish

--- 帖子 #359 ---
EIRUSD making a bullish move?

--- 帖子 #360 ---
not really
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and not every trade is a winner. one good winner is enough if the rest are break even or small losses

--- 帖子 #361 ---
just fell upon a youtube video you should check out. it is prety much the trading style i describe here. watch it till the end.

thats all u need. what he says is what i do and the only thing u need as a strategy. i have not seen it somewhere else to give you more links since i prety much figured it on my own

ps. the dude that talking i am pretty sure has a mentorship program or something. i do not advise on paying for any mentor but if you want to, well, he is the only one that looks legit. he talks straight and simple and thats what forex is about. no need for complicated stuff (waves, indicators, gan, fibo, a thousand s+r levels, trendlines) you dont need them, you never saw me use them
Inserted Video

and here a trade on us500 from me that i have running. logic is the same as described in the video. bias formed from daily timeframe, entry based on 1h-30m

thats all

--- 帖子 #362 ---
recomended music to listen while trading (try not to burn your speakers)
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Really suits my trading style now, only read market structure. I wait the area inside the box then switch to lower timeframe to see if there is a short setup.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Regards,

Tom

--- 帖子 #364 ---
us500 from few days ago aint looking half bad.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

uc long as well
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and some intraday/"scalps" on uc for 1.5r each. different timeframes different trades. the big one was a 1hr and the other on 1m based
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

patience.... 5m 1h daily weekly, are all the same. when there is no time for scalping, swing trading is the way to go. just use a sensible lot size and a generous stop loss

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Enter on AUDJPY. There is a bearish engulfing on 30m chart, enter when pullback.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Regards,

Tom

--- 帖子 #366 ---
with this type of entries stop losses i recomend going the stop at break even at 1rr

good luck

edit. i hope you did put ur stop at break even and dint take a loss

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Long time guys, hope everyone's been trading well.

Eyeing a short n EJ if price enters the marked zone and I like the subsequent price action.

Jpy been weak for a while so I'll have to be very cautious,

however, i like the lack of momentum on that retracement. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #368 ---
hey mate. yeah been having my eyes on ej and cj for sorts. in the end i decided to buy UC again. euro has already made its move i dont think it can weaken fast enough. (i am talking swing. havent scalped in a while now. )

shit my live account with oanda wont even allow me to trade 1m on ej ( anyway i only have 1:30 leverage so i cant really scalp with that that. need at least 1:100 witch has been banned on decent brokers)

llok at the spread below

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Damn Oanda's terrible. I get 0.2 to 0.5 pips max on EJ with pepperstone and global prime.

Why do you even use them? You can open accounts with most Australian brokers and ask to be placed international clients subsidiary. You won't be subject to ASIC's 1:30 leverage or ESMA, I think.

Once I got the mail, I applied for my account to be switched over from ASIC regulation and now I have access to 1:400.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

0.2 pips on EJ currently

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Got my entry signal earlier than expected.

Hopeful for 1:3R.

Will move SL to BE asap. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Nice entry, right under FPV /pivot/

With SL 6-7, you should have your 3R at home by now.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Have an EU long, TP under FPV. (15 min)

Love those market structure entries with respect to harmonics...

Fibonacci pivots help a lot.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Damn, good entry. You better not jinx my EJ trade with that Euro Long lol

SL is about 8 pips.

I got in a little later than I would have liked.

Price currently retracing from 2R to 1R.

Edit -

Came 2 pips close to hitting target.

I will sever off one nut if it chooses to reverse now

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit -

_______

3R target hit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Great ! I took it from you ...LOL

--- 帖子 #375 ---
am still trying to buy uc for long swing/position trade. no full loss thus far 2 small loss i think for -0.2r and -0.4r that i recovered with a small win and a few be's

the trick is to wait for the setup. when price goes your way, lock the trade break even and wait for it to evolve. my reasoning for trying to buy uc for a big reversal is irrelevant to the thread. the entries are good based of 5m but iam trying to swing not scalp (blue line is my entry)

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Have any of those B.E trades eventually continued in your favour after you were stopped out?

Shorting CADCHF with SL at B.E but I'll get out before market close.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
not really. 1.7-2r was the one i got some profits off and the rest came back after between 1.2-1.5r. i had quite a big of a stop since i was not scalping.

the one i posted above, climbed to 2.5r but now is back at 1r. original stop at red line on the pic.

am just trying to get high rrr with small risk and see if i can do it and keep patient for once

the president of canada is speaking today at some point in the night so i have hopes its gonna be very manipulated volatile. remains to be seen

to be fair i think i should split my trades between uchf ucad usdmxn usdcnh and usdpln. these were all longs i liked and moved kinda nice and i picked the worst mover  (up till nwo at least)

am gonna try it next time i guess

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Yes, patience is the key to this game ... that's why it's not for everyone!
Attached Image

But we all keep trying, trade well mate!

<Ellison>

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Hi, it hit BE. I often get BE, just need 2-3 trades with target 10%/month. When the target reached, the next trade I would like to trailing stop loss.

Regards,

Tom

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Nice EJ structure trade on 15 min. Exited a bit earlier as was disturbed.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Beautiful trade. Totally missed that. Got onto the charts too late.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Watching EURUSD, looking entry on smaller time frame.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
you always post beautifull trades mate.

i considered a long last night at the lows with tp above your  zone, near previous highs. unfortunatly i didnt take it, it did not have the rr i wanted.

hope u didnt take a loss

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Lol you're greedy these days Niko. You used to be very happy with 1.5R

--- 帖子 #385 ---
nah, its just that i trade low leverage on my live account and so i can only do swings.

witch means 2-5 trades/month. you know my risk is set standard in one trade or divided into more at a time.

and i dont like having too many trades open. 1 or 2 is enough. so yeah big rr is essential.

and the other thing that i used to be rarelly wrong on daily and weekly timeframes, for the past year at least. am just trying to find the patience to trade those.

the goal is not to make money for now with my live.

PS. IN the meantime, uc has gone down 280 pips from the first time i started buying it. the fact that i ha ve not suffered losss in and on its own its a big win

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Thank you Nikosk0 and Koop for the kind words.

There was also a beauty (there are plenty other anyhow daily on 15 min TF)  on GOLD.

Entry possible at ICT level of 70.5%  fib.   TP, the best at 250% fib.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Gu, Eu 15 Min

--- 帖子 #388 ---
yeah i saw that. but havent traded gold since it hit 2k months back.

what is an ict level?

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Looking at EURJPY 1H chart.  Could be an opportunity here.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
monthly is in for a correciton possibly. dont get traped.

check all timeframes before entering a trade

gl

the pa on 5m is not healthy for my taste in taking a long. it already tried 3 times to go up and failed to make a single HH

--- 帖子 #391 ---
free tip for all.

u might wanna use "market sentiment"

you can either download an indicator or find the ones available on sites.

dont trust myfxbook tho, that is all about martingale system and its inacurate.

when above 50% are sort only buy

when above 50% are long only sell

untill sentiment goes above 80% keep ur trades

at 80% price starts its retraements (so i;ve noticed)

i have only checked 3 pairs in my trading days and i focus on them, u should know that buy now.

find the tool, do your tests on demo, then trade it. (almsot forgot. you can only forward test this)

gl

--- 帖子 #392 ---
EU was a better choice. Look at that precision. That is not random.....

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Definitely not random.

Same pattern around the same time on Cadchf which I was watching but didn't take for fear of a news influenced whipsaw Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #394 ---
eu was excellent. in the meantime i sorted gu. sorting on repeat mode till it stops working

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

edit. out for 1.5rr. good enough to close the week anyway (the exit  was based on 5m structure. you can see the swing low clearly right at the left of my exit. that small structure that formed there
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #395 ---
as clean as you could ask for.

fuck the news, price doesnt care, dont hesitate, if a setup is there u take it. thats the system, trust it.

ps. maybe we should post some expectations to watch out for in this thread. taking the management system out of the equation

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Lol you're right, most times the news just even makes the set up work quicker.

I don't know why it still bothers me.

Also, yeah I agree on posting expectations. I'll start doing that next week, would help to be better prepared.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
yeah just forget them. i wish for news tbh when price doesnt move. i never look atthe calendar, there really is no need to, it just confuses you.

good us data, down goes the dollar, and u say WTF??? then expecrts come and try to say yeah this was gonna happen with that data etc.

just forget them.

posting expectations here will help us take better decisions (we dont want to be publicly ridiculed when posting right ?). so in my cae at least, when i hand pick and give setups they tend to work no matter of my management. ussually on the smaller timeframes 1m-5m-15m. i take them a bit more seriously

--- 帖子 #398 ---
It worked out but I never entered.  Price was moving all over the place and the 1H candle I wanted to use for entry was too big.

On to the next one Monday!!!

--- 帖子 #399 ---
I work with 15 min exclusively. Seeing it better.

Entries are spot orders and order flow can he fast or tricky. Not sure how placing in advance might work. More like just immediately after entry can post.

--- 帖子 #400 ---
ahh not  placing in advance mate. just seeing one leg of a move and then waiting for the pb and our entry for the second leg.

thats what i meen by excpectation. i can understand the pacement of your stop orders, i;ve seen it quite a lot from a friend.

15m used to be my favourite for a while. but 30m i can see more data and i;ve learned by looking at itto understand whats is goin on below it. if need be, i switch ofc.

immediate after entry is good as well.

anyway, have a good weekend!!

--- 帖子 #401 ---
usdchf 1m structure shift, small scalp for fun. i dont like trading 1m that much even tho i love it as a timeframe, loads of oppurtinity but spikes/spreads and fill gaps can fuck you up big time

--- 帖子 #402 ---
expectations

edit. idea not yet valid. we still dont have a clean break but still stands as long as the lows are not violated. we need a clean break up and a retest

edit. lows violated. stupid trends going non stop....

--- 帖子 #403 ---
ChfJpy projections -

Looking to short around current price area or a little above if I get my preferred signal.

I may not go all in. The previous low was not clearly broken and didn't create a lower low.... but I'm feeling adventurous.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit -

Trade Idea scrapped. Its not ready to move.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
EurCad Short.

Found the set up too late and didn't have time to post an expectation.

Jumped in late and currently at 1.5R.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit - Moved SL to breaking even.  A very nice long reversal may be forming
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #405 ---
i kinda like those 2. i dont know if gu will shoot to breack the highs. if it does i am sorting even for a scalp if i am on pc

--- 帖子 #406 ---
i had this planed but didnt take it, i forgot about it.

anyway, now it would be the stop at break even and just waiting, maybe even taken some profits out

was as clean as you could ask for

--- 帖子 #407 ---
more plans, no trade running. waiting for london and it doesnt mean everything will trigger, i might not take even one.

just plans and thoughts, nothing more. to be prepared. different criteria must be met to take each, different management on each etc.

i sujject u do the same before pulling the trigger on any trade, be prepared to see what u want to see and never say, ah, i like this.

say "i will like this, if this and that happens"

goodnight

--- 帖子 #408 ---
just a small update on the yesterdays post for education and motivation

basically with the single uj win we end up with +2.4rr. (lookin good for further upside) the 2 losses costed -2rr and +1.5rr on usdmxn still running. aint bad at all if you ask me.

u can make money if you follow rules and not your heart.

we could find an entry on gu if we tried on 5m. but entering on 5m for a swing trade is kinda hard
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

stop loss got hit on uc but idea is still valid -1rr
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

uj banked +2.4rr
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

us500 still goin down strong, no entry for me there
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

usdmxn looking good +1.5rr for now
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GC sl hit but new setup might form
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Hello everyone! Newly learned harmonics, let’s see how these two currency pairs react

AUDUSD Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDJPY Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Price already in a nice zone to buy after making a higher high. Now just waiting for my preferred signal to confirm my entry.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit -

No signal to buy and price just breached the previous low. Trade idea invalidated for me.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Isn't the harmonics beautiful ?     What kind of indicator do you use to draw patterns ?

--- 帖子 #412 ---
I do not apply any indicators. I am also a new learner. It is very profitable to make a currency pair right. TV

--- 帖子 #413 ---
i am really interested in harmonics but all is see from the free stuff on the interent is bassically just structure.

i would like some suggestions on where to look. am now starting to implement market sentiment to my strategy. if all people are long look to take sorts, something like that.

also spoted a potential setup on gu. nice fast move up, need the high taken out, then a retest for my entry

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Taken earlier GU short based on structure.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Maybe something happening here.  Only thing I wuold worry about is that these CAD pairs are pretty extended on the daily so not sure if I am talking myself out of the trades or if I'm on to something.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
my view on uc. could be wrong but if i was trading like an investor i woudl be in sorts all the way from the top, now i would just wait for it to go lower.

also thing to notice, every retail is long on uc.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
This is happening often. Harmonics and then a "hook" down or up (structure) and entry. USDCHF this morning.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
The same story, just with the hook up - NZDUSD 15 min

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Eurcad Short projection.

Sell stop at 704 with SL at 717. 13 pips SL.

Will be aiming for 3R if my entry level is triggered.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EDIT

_______

Triggered in. Let's see how it goes.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EDIT

________

1R loss taken.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
my gu long

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Nice. Also, before there was an entry.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Majestic move!

do you guys just enter a trade once it gets to a zone you want? Or you wait for some kind of confirmation?

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Snails could you explain abit further how do you trade, decie to enter and so on

really appreciated

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #424 ---
i wasnt here on the first entry

barrely got 1rr out of it eventually but i got the sort on eu and made enough for today

i have decided that when i trade against market sentiment i will not need confirmation (they are 70-90% wrong so... )

if i trade with market sentiment i follow the trade clossely and exit at the first sign of weakness and dont ask for too much (u gotta try this)

i tried this last week and only had tiny losses and those were WITH market sentiment

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Lol i've been seeing you talk about this for a while, but it just sounds unreal. Is retail really always wrong on direction that often?

i'm going to check it out right away. What website do you use?

--- 帖子 #426 ---
you can not even imagine

i'll pm you

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Price should be in the zone, and I am able to project a possible harmonic pattern, taking into consideration time of the day, as well as what day it is. Observing also daily Fibonacci pivot levels, Elliot Wave Cycle.

Trading USD against other currencies.

AUDUSD - full Elliot cycle

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Harmonics, often zooming to 5 min TF, structure, entry on 5 min -->  TP 2.5 -3 RR ideal, but in case PA stalls, less.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Waiting for my Long entry signals on either AUDCAD and NZDCAD.

However, I'm more inclined to trade NZDCAD due to the selling momentum on that AUD retracement plus NZD made a cleaner and clearer structure break and higher high.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #430 ---
mate if its a 5m trade dont take it after london  close and especially not during the assian session.

just my 2 cents

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Lol you're right got out at break even just some minutes before some weird spike on Nzd happened. This is the 3rd time I'm noticing a random Nzd spike in the last two months...

Gonna have to stop trading it.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
NZDCAD - NZD - often spikes, CAD - often sudden moves = personally trading USD against other pairs.

EURUSD - yesterday - opened, watched a bit, then went to bed as it was late evening, let it do its thing. Make it or break it. It did make it !

--- 帖子 #433 ---
USDCHF   15 min zoom to 5 min   RR 2,5 x

--- 帖子 #434 ---
had same setup on eu. didnt take cause london wasnt open  and i know from exprerience volatity can cause some serious pain on the account before london

oh well

ps. stop would be tight and even a tiny slipage on a possible spike could make serious damage

--- 帖子 #435 ---
EURCAD Long taken around London open. 3r target.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EDIT

____

Closed for 2.5R. Not bad for the first trade of the day.

Price currently about to hit the 3R target.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Lol somebody help me, losing my mind.

personal second greatest pain to getting stopped at B.E on a good trade is ... taking profit too early right before price shoots further.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Watching and stalking price on

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #438 ---
oh i dont even care about that. once i take profit i dont give a shit what hapens nexts.

i remember everytime that i took profit early and i dont remember any time i got  stoped out instead of taking profit.

when i tried to let my winners run further for a month or so i just got destroyed

so i just take profits and dont care about the future, i only care about the next setup.

anyway, prety wacky day for me today, apart from the eu long that i didnt take, i got nothing else, didnt trade

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Yea, i know how you feel but it will always happen so get used to it, it took me long before getting used to it. Cheers

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Anyone catch the USDCAD projection?

While I was waiting to jump on it, GBPUSD entered the zone I was waiting for, so I took it instead..... Regrettably!

GBPUSD is now ranging while USDCAD is progressing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #441 ---
cad can go fuck itself these days...

wait enter spot out

wait enter stop out

.

.

.

wait enter stop out

.

.

.

wait UNLOAD 2 FUCKING TRUCKS, MISSED IT

I'l be waiting to sort gu higher, if gu doesnt like a zone it reverses one way no shit involved. if it ranges it is ussually continuation, see below ( i also shared my view on it on the cable thread, i'll post links below. dont know if the zones are clear to you, 1hr and 4hr were clean at the time tho. daily is more difficult to spot the pa of 30m-1hr
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13535542
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post13538386

--- 帖子 #442 ---
btw this is the best setup on USDCHF you can ask for

i havent seen it fail once but happens rarelly. i have seen it less than 10 times in the past year

it needs to look exactly like this, not similar to this

has happned 3 times this year

--- 帖子 #443 ---
What a great day to forget to set a Take Profit.

UsdJpy Long earlier today. As always, was aiming for 3R but I got distracted and didn't set TP.

Came back to see 5R.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Beautiful set up on Cadchf around the same time... But I didn't take it. I don't take more than one trade at a time unless I've been able to move SL to B.E on the first trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Eyes on UsdChf - Structure broken. Expecting new Lower High.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #445 ---
excellent work and excellent tp not set as well. i had a look at uj but prefered uc long. did well enought, took 2 longs bothexited at their tops.

then had a sort limit order on eu that was missed for (see image) the sucker

so basically i have half of the position i wanted to have. i added 2 quarters a while ago since my full position missed the entry

ps. UJ is a son of a bitch for a pair. if you ever manage to get an entry, just hold it for 20-30rr it can easilly do it. i wast tradign it for months cause it was never reversing, it just kept goin and goin and going non stop forever

ps2. just saw uj nowm ama i glad i didnt take the long, what a massive drop after that nice up move

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Are you still in the EU trade?

UJ and UC annoy me most of the time, but when they move they move really well.

Do you still trade US30? haven't seen you post it recently. I've been hearing that indices move a lot more than currency pairs daily, currently observing.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Yes, US30 has ranged over 400 pips today, but that is only 125% of its 20 day avg ADR.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Ofc i am. I never exit when news are around the corner. I love them.

Reentered uc long as well.

Just an awesome day.

Exited 1 position from eu.

Indices move nice but i have them as secondary. I prefer eu gu uc uchf

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Hello dear friends. I have been paying attention to the discussions in this forum for some time, and in comparison with other forums, I realized that the trading strategy in this forum is more accurate. Based on my programming knowledge, I am developing a dashboard that is almost a lot done. I recently traded with a real account, but in this account, I have currently disabled its automatic trading section, and the dashboard only sends me its signals.

Part of this dashboard is what I learned from your forum. For this part, I first used the fractal indicator, but it was not accurate. I have now changed it to zigzag. I would like to provide you with this zigzag section after completing this section. I think it can be useful for you. I saw your effort and I admire it. If you have any suggestions in this regard, I will do it in the development phase of this zigzag. Hoping for your success.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is the part of my dashboard that is active. Other functions that do not need to be disabled and not displayed

--- 帖子 #450 ---
wow, that's interesting. How do you calculate position sizes for indices? US3 for instance, any idea what a value per pip is? or dollar value per lot?

These dashboard things confuse me, i don't know what i'm looking at or how it's relevant to the strategy being discussed here.

maybe others will find it useful.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Value per pip depends on the broker. On FTMO 1.00 is 10 contracts so $10/point. On Tickmill 1.00 is 1 contract so you would need 10.00 position for $10/point. So, $1 per point per contract. That is US30. If you go in properties of the instrument on MT4, in specification it will tell you the contract size of the instrument. Any time I trade with someone new, I always open 0.01 to check.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
check post #1 i have posted a usefull tool for that reason

i will look at the dash board during the weekend, i have talked to someone to code something for me using market structure but i couldnt find the correct settings for zig zag. i did some backtesting with a lot of different calculations methods and i couldnt find any that was consistent (50% win rate and 1.5rr at least)

--- 帖子 #453 ---
i asume the signals are the one on bottom left corner right?

psar for trend change

stoc for divergence

volume i dont know why, i never found it usefull

fractals or zig zag could be usefull from a 1hr perspective for 5m entries

personaly i take pullback trades that are based on exhaustion measure by mean reversion

OR continuation trades measured by sentiment and one average.

i would like to test your indi, i have things in mind that i would love to code but i have yet to find a tool that could measure the things i want the way i want for it to be automated or provide signals.

my most accurate indicator based technic is on eurusd and it works only on eurusd

but if conditions change it can destroy you if you get greedy or do certain stupid things

--- 帖子 #454 ---
There are different sections in the dashboard that have been added over time and a lot of testing and analysis of the method has been done. If it is on the screen, it shows that it has answered the test well. Column Fr is related to an indicator that is in the development stage and I have used what I have learned in your forum and I use the rules of post number one of this forum in it.

Because I saw the efforts of friends in this forum, I would like to dedicate this section to you after finishing. Maybe it can be useful for you.

In this regard, I have placed the last 3 fractals of the highest and the last 3 fractals of the lowest in an array that are calculated based on the zigzag indicator and the signal sent must be issued according to the rules of post 1 of this forum.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Still, I find fibs, pivots and price action the best.

NZDJPY 15 min

--- 帖子 #456 ---
what kind of pivots do you use? Classic or Fib?

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Most people are using Classic fib also known as floor traders pivot

IMO it is more interesting to know their server time since the EOD (Daily bar) looks different for brokers, depending on their MT4 server time... Last time Darwinex was using UK server time -not sure about now- so their daily candle will always look different from a broker using GMT+3 server time or GMT+8 server time.

I do believe this will impact the pivot calculations.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Attached File(s)   MarksMidPivots.mq4

14 KB
|
301 downloads
Attached File(s)   MarksPivots.mq4

14 KB
|
262 downloads

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Is EURUSD making a sell move.......

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Good man.

Looking at the same thing. Will set my sell stop order if current 15min candle closes around current levels.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Boss.......I am trying to grasp a bit of what you and nick have been talking about......but still there are things which are not clear......do you look for a CLEAN bull or bearish movement,  AND then keep observing it until it breaks the structure AND once structure is broken you confirm with retest. ALSO you look for STRONG break of structure with respect retracement to be LOW sloping showing lack of momentum........

--- 帖子 #462 ---
I'm not sure this is exactly how Nik finds his set ups, but that's almost exactly how i look for mine.

A trend going in a clear direction, but not trending too strongly. I prefer to see some weakness or exhaustion as price is making it's potential final top or bottom before it attempts to go the other way and break structure. Too risky to enter against a very strong trend.
In a bullish trend, the first step of a structure break is the creation of a new lower swing low (lower than the most recent clear swing low). This tells us that the trend could be about to change for a while, could be a short to medium or Long term change.

After noticing that the first step has happened, Next thing is to wait for the retracement. What i want to see is the second step of the structure change, which is a Lower high (lower than the most recent obvious swing high). At this point, it's left to each of us to find a sweet spot within that retracement to decide where to sell.

You can use fibonacci levels or wait for the retest of a broken level (i don't really like this one), then watch out for any indication that price will reverse before reaching or breaking the previous Swing high.

Every other thing such as how to enter and SL and Profit target should be determined by you as you test.

Check the first set of Nik's posts for images that should help explain better what i've just rambled about.

________

Edit

Here are recent examples
Attached Image     Attached Image

--- 帖子 #463 ---
By the way, i've scrapped the EU trade idea. It has gone above the levels where i needed it to reverse. deleted my sell stop order.

Its still around a very nice shorting level, but it feels like USD is weak across the board so i'm staying away..

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Yes, you are right.....i think its because the strong bearish candle was made by news at 8:30.......

--- 帖子 #465 ---
same

first if you are now starting you have to identify the structure, do markings, before making desicions and before you see thee break.

when the trend starts to slow down and sows weakens, do the markings beforehand, then wait for the break and use your previous markings to call it a good break or not.

for the fella that asked, koop, snail already seem to know the way they dont need to do markings beforehand i believe

eu remains valid for me for now. 2241 2247 need to hold, if those break gets invalidated.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
I think the set up is playing out now, It could actually work out.

However, personally, instead of selling EU, i'm going to try to use the EU signal to short EJ.

Risky, but i like where EJ is at..

--- 帖子 #467 ---
New HH or LL  ---> possible harmonics development --> fibs application -- >  spot entry  --->   Set TP

result --->  GBP/USD 15 or 5 min

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Yeah man, still very valid.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
I DONT love the short setup BUT

it offers way more rrr than the continuation trade, that is why i look for sorts and not for longs.

for the friend that asked
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #470 ---
The rejection happened and it even broke the support on LTF......

--- 帖子 #471 ---
yeah, both EU and EJ are on the move. My EJ sell stop was triggered a while ago.

Now we wait.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
LOL

Phew. should have just taken EU instead of EJ..... now look which one is moving faster

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

_______

EDIT -

Pepperstone didn't close my sell stop on EU haha. Server must have lost connection when i clicked cancel.

Imagine me opening MT4 on my phone to see an unexpected EU trade in profit ...

I would have been preparing a lawsuit if the trade was negative though lol

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #473 ---
EU on 5m just now

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Currently I am also using this method to make money from forex and cryptocurrencies

--- 帖子 #475 ---
first forget to set tp then eu was trigered by mistake. lady luck is on your side these days!!!

am also in eu sort, took 70% out, letting the rest run swing

ps. retail traders are still mostly sort on EU but today they started closing their sorts and open longs. maybe its time for big drop. it is a fairly new concept i am trying to adapt too. been thinking it since i started a year ago but only now i found a way to actually read it, remains to understand it, so take my info with a pinch of salt

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Hello,

Is it possible to get the indicator you are using on your charts, look like the fibonacci numbers?.

Thanks

Raf

--- 帖子 #477 ---
These do not seem to work on my mt4 platform

--- 帖子 #478 ---
I am on MT4.  Those are Fibonacci retracements

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Here is a great tool from Dukascopy. Not sure which broker data you are using for sentiment.

https://www.dukascopy.com/swiss/engl...tch/sentiment/

--- 帖子 #480 ---
you remember the TP incident.. I tell you, lucky days. Whenever i get this such a streak of luck, it is usually followed by even greater pain. I'm going to have to close up shop early for today.

I'm looking at IG broker client sentiments and it seems  clients are net short.

Just checked your website.. Don't speak nor understand your language but the charts look good, I think i took that CADCHF trade the other day too. Big ups.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
thankls, i also use duk as well as another few of the for a total of 10 different sentiments

saxo oanda myfxbook forex factory ig

among others

below 1m EU structure identification (wait for the retest if it happens do not enter blindly)

bassically its friday afternoon, dont take any more trades. enough trades for this week

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Koop I wish I am wrong about today btw.

Oh beware of the IG broker client sentiments. I was fooled by it when trading GU earlier this year... I wanted to go long 12 Apr but I saw majority of clients there are long so I didn't... turns out that was the bottom of this wave

--- 帖子 #483 ---
9:30 am in NY and GU started to rise instantly.... up to the sky.....;  fake move

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Yes, stock market opened. US30 up 100+ in 5 minutes. Meant to quote snail.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
its not that. all brokers that i check had the same issue on the reversal spots.

sentiment is correct from time to time but u cant trade with sentiment alone.

cant remember if i said that here or another thread but on todays high sentiment was more long than it was on the 3 days ago high. they begin to go long. so that is why this might be a reversal spot. call it an divergence if you like. (see image below)

still experimntal thought process tho, i need months to actually trade it accuratelly.

btw sentiment on eu is still rising on 15m. further drop propably?

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Nah Lol, i'm not trading using the sentiments, at least not yet. That's Nik's realm.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
I looked at sentiment to help me confirm my TA which said to buy but the sentiment said most retail where already stuck in longs from 1.38 (and still buying) so I didn't... so yes it can be very distracting and an obstacle for trading. In the end I found out IG only had around 80k clients worldwide so perhaps that is not representative enough tho sometimes it does work like you said.

I also checked another local broker - it splits into all clients vs top clients. And guess what? Top clients been bearish crude since 59 all the way till 67... even until now  I find it weird haha. I just look at it from time to time for fun now.

ps: btw according to local broker here, most 'top clients' buying eurusd while 'all clients' are majority selling it.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
reasons why i use all the brokers i can find, big or small and look at the big picture.

try it

--- 帖子 #489 ---
I did try it but they are often wrong at turning points... and when 1 or 2 broker gives reverse signal of the others... well no idea which one has more valid signal.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Also, keep in mind, if you are using a MM broker, and part of that model is B-booking...what stops them from skewing the data. They will do whatever it takes to get you on the wrong side. TRUST NOBODY!!! lol

--- 帖子 #491 ---
use the average %

i also believe you are using the sentiment wrong.

its not ment for reversals, but for continuation, and not as a a signal but as a bias. i just happened to spot somehting that may or may not be used for reversals

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Right, I trade weekly pivots and I use sentiment for confirmation mostly. For example, if I'm looking for a reversal say on a 61 or 78 pivot, but PA and sentiment say otherwise, it will either a. keep me out of a bad trade or b. I'll go with the PA to the next potential reversal point.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
I thought of that too   especially since I found some of them used to work v well before 2020. I am also suspecting the data could be 'manipulated' to get us on the wrong side.

On 12 Apr when GU made bottom, what signal did the sentiments there flash? Mine was showing me retail been bagholders since 1.38 (and averaging in longs and was 65-70% all in longs and fresh ones added) so yes there was no way to tell that was reversal point - tho I did read too that retail can be right at turning points. In fact, one wld have taken it as continuation point for more drop? Btw what you are doing is interesting. I'll compare the brokers here with yours.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Just compared with local broker. About the same sentiments for category 'all clients' here. Some of the top clients positioning are against that tho so let's see

--- 帖子 #495 ---
What I like about Dukas is it provides latest, 6 hours ago, 1 day ago and 5 days ago, so you can see the shift (if any) as well. Yes, using multiple brokers definitely the way to go.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
nikosko, how about using sentiment for closing wrong trade, i think we could get the confluence of multiple signals like reversal pinbar, volume, etc along with sentiment

That just my recent idea, still learning sentiment to improve my trade

Ps: This week i ve got 3 breakeven i cant believe it, market  structure to me still a mess

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Is this shit usable ???

--- 帖子 #498 ---
LMAO. That's the one which was based on FXCM (now part of IG group) client data. It is the same one you see on DailyFx.com which I criticized earlier when discussing with Nikos and PM.

<a href="https://i.gyazo.com/d763ce77aae63233...759ebcaadd.png

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Hi Snail......u mentioned about harmonics......where can I read about it, and within harmonics do you look for any particular favourite pattern or any pattern would do for you. Will appreciate your insight. Cheers

--- 帖子 #500 ---
There are threads about harmonics even here on Forexfactory. Books by Scott Carney or this one...

--- 帖子 #501 ---
as i said. sentiments main focus is for continuation, not reverals.

let em go to 90% long who cares, keep sorting

on 14 of aprill there was a valid long signal but i wouldnt take it. i would take it on 19/4 that was when the structure shifted

--- 帖子 #502 ---
This prototype is what it should be. You may not like it, but my intention was to try to be useful in the forum. I also put the main indicator. If my indicator gives a signal, you can reach it in the main indicator. Any comment will make me happy

There are two types of alerts that I have always used. For notification alert, ask me for help

--- 帖子 #503 ---
you use settings for zig zag of 5-1-1?

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Yes , both are same

--- 帖子 #505 ---
This is actually a question for all price action traders, what is your thought on the fact that there are traders in different time zones, and some of them probably have their system time set manually, and by doing so, they might not see the same bars as you, because yours is closing at (example) 10AM GMT , but because they have the time set manually, and their closes at 10:04AM GMT, a lot can change in 4 minutes. Any advice on how to setup everything properly.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
i dont give a damn about when a bar closes or how it does so. stars, engulfings, whatever. just go to a lower timerame and see the price action.

a bar close doesnt mean absulutly nothing

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Retail traders aren't the ones who determine price movement or  move price, so it doesn't really matter what either of us do in our different timezones.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
haha true

--- 帖子 #509 ---
usdchf

same setup i posted dthe other day

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Hi niKosK0,  on this USDCHF trade of yours,  on page 1 Rules te Buy  .  2   we want to see a retest of the low.

on my Photo , what do you considder the low, it  is the Lime or the Red Low ?   Thanks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #511 ---
I Think i found my answer a bit lower down on that page       1. we only care about the low that preceeded the new swing high with a big volatile move

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Hi niKosK0

Thank you very much for this topic, as it is a special topic

I did not understand exactly where the entry point was located

Is it 80% of the last router or 90 or 70%?

I see you entering from different levels closer to the previous high or low

Please corrective on the pound dollar. Is 1.41670 the preferred selling point?

Where would you choose it and why? / Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #513 ---
USDJPY preparing for bullish swing move?

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Hi Deir, just my 2 cent take on your question, GBPUSD is very similar to niKosK0 trade USDCHF on the 30 min chart, for n Long not a short.

There was no new LL but there was a HH.

his Rule for short state
rules to sell

1. we want to see a lower low (LL)

2. we wait for the retest of the high

3. we either wait for confirmation or we just sell

4. stop above the previous swing high

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i dont really like UJ but if anything its bullish ( i may be wrong so i wont trade it, not my type of setup)

--- 帖子 #516 ---
it isn't easy following someone else' strategy until you have mastered it

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Thanks nikosk0, you CHF and EUR chart explanation  clear it up, to spend time on detail.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Eyeing EurNzd, looking for my Long signal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #519 ---
is it right sell?

--- 帖子 #520 ---
no low has been broken so far. so no. but there is definetelly some weakeness there.

be carefull

--- 帖子 #521 ---
thanks bro.

may be i have miss understood

for euro whats is ur opinion

look at the chart correct me

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #523 ---
no opinion for assia session but sl is tight it is not above the previous swing high.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
today EU M5 entry without confirmation

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #525 ---
thanks

which the best time frame?

--- 帖子 #526 ---
is it right setup?

--- 帖子 #527 ---
just saw your reply. very interesting. thanks for sharing and yes I've always had a problem figuring out what is 'reversal point' with sentiments. brokers used to say once 70% ++ on one side (and extra added) then turning point has come but does not seem quite right.

I have read abt 4 diff types of harmonic. The one you show is one of them and btw ea has a different kind of different criteria.

There have been pros & cons plus criticism on ea type ultimately imo it all comes down to money management...

--- 帖子 #528 ---
i do not exactly know the behaviour of ej but it doesnt look like it is right.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
is it right brother nik.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
my eu trade from here
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post13553846
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

you can scalp longs for 10-30 pips until tommorow before NY opens. but for longer term i duno

1.22 and 1.221 are the 2 areas that could push price lower on small timeframes

i am keen on longer term sorts from there but will see, its friday tommorow and monday is a monthly candle close (a monthly candle is a big deal in regards to mean reversion)

should price reach 1.224 i propably will posiiton my self for sorts with stop at the highs. but need to wait to see how and if price will go there

your setup looks alright, nice stop loss and reasonable take profit. but as said. i;d rather do small scalps, it should give 3-5 trades tommorow for 10-20 pips and entries were i exited my sort today (like scalping a corerctive wave to the upside)

(say if you were willing to risk 1% on this one trade you posted, go risk 0.2% on as many trades as you can while scalping for say 1-1.3rr. that is what i will do, the plan for tommorow. it is always safer to split the risk in to as many trades as possible, keep this in mind )

--- 帖子 #531 ---
in regards to my post just above.

(these are structure trades based on 4hr but we can take advantage of it and scalp exhaustion longs on 5m timeframe)

to spot exhaustion you cant really use structure, u need mean reversion but anyway
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image

below the acount i opened up just to prove something on another thread. i do not suggest you do it, reasons and explanations are not of interest here but.

i put up some money on an account with high leverage, fliped it, took my deposit back and continued trading it.

i might as well just keep on with it and see how it goes in the long run, i made more than enough having  fun. in any case, i dont know if it can be sustainable but i got nothing to loose anymore

--- 帖子 #532 ---
GU beauty of the day.  15 min

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Can you elaborate this in detail or recommend me to sources that can I understand more about how forex market works

--- 帖子 #534 ---
That'll be babypips Mate, sorry can't post a link but yea you need to go through the babypips Uni, market structure is advanced learning after knowing how the market works in general.

If you've however gone through babypips and know basic concepts like supply and demand, fractals, higher highs, lower lows...etc, then get off your ass and go through the thread twice, it's just 27 pages currently. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Beautiful structure on GU 15 min, as well as on GCad, but.....

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Man i missed this trade, i was hoping everyone else did too. You sir have broken my heart.

I was actually looking at GC but was waiting for it to hit 78.6 at least before entering, only for me to check GU later and see that it met the criteria and dropped already. Ran back to GC and it was already dropping. Sad morning.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Koop, no worries, market will be there tomorrow. Just be more observant on Tuesdays and Thursdays......

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Looks like GBPJPY is retracing...………..not sure if bullish move will come today!!!!

--- 帖子 #539 ---
eu 4hr

called it last week, see how it goes
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

my account growth (a new fresh acount i made. i have already taken my initial deposit back + profits).

70% win rate 2.17 profit factor (was 4 but had a string of losses, it should go at 4 again in a few days will see what markets gives me).

if u dont know what profit factor is see link below (it is bassically the single most important thing i care about when testing a strategy)
https://therobusttrader.com/profit-factor/
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #540 ---
What is the indicator?

--- 帖子 #541 ---
ACad - structure and  harmonics  15 min

--- 帖子 #542 ---
i do believe there is not much more to structure trading that already exists on this thread. belowan example of a different type of structure.

i'll propably be less active from now on

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Beautiful beautiful trade. Had it in my sight but wasn't confident enough to enter.

Are you currently doing any challenges?

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Good luck Nikosk0. Thank you for all you have done here.....

--- 帖子 #545 ---
i have finished one but didnt match the risk criteria so am waiting for the month to end to get a refund +10% and maybe redo it. or maybe not. i found a prety good broker with big leverage and already tripled an account so i might just keep doing that. might sound impressive but it is not that big of an account still enough to provide for now the basic monthly needs.

thanks mate. i'll check the forum for questions and such but as far teaching goes i really dont think i got anything more to say

--- 帖子 #546 ---
EurNzd Short.

3.5R target.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Bro, there is drama in *you know where*

Hey you are back! Btw just curious about the sentiment thing... Do you see any potential tipping point over there for any major pair? If yes, could be a good opportunity to share how you would apply that with market structure to time reversals

--- 帖子 #548 ---
hey, the move have already happened, nothing to do now but scalp. when you see retail adding longs keep sorting, when the add sorts keep buing.

when a top has 70% sorts and the next top has 60% sorts than means retail are trying to switch to long, then is the time to sort and follow the crowd.

you need to mark the percentages on a chart to do it.

no trend goes one way without pullbacks so you can trade both ways regardells of the trend. (i just exited my long on eu for example even though my main view from last week was sort) that trade was based on reversion to the mean, not market structure. i am now looking for a 5m market structure long.

and stick to a few pairs, learn their behaviour. eu is main pair i trade like 50-60% of the time. if i have a setup there i dont care what others are doin, dont even look at them. if i do not have a setup i look at my 3 other pairs

ps. so in this post alone i bassicaly gave hints to my 3 trading methods, mean reversion , market structure, sentiment

ps2. market structure is somewhat explained on google but not as good as in here. for the other 2 all i have seen is bullshit, if you want to use them, you need to figure them out on your own and for one pair at a time (really 1 pair is all u need)

--- 帖子 #549 ---
haha I've opened it on a new browser tab. Reserved for my lunch break entertainment

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Thank you, this is probably what I need to do. Will try it out on a few pairs and see how it goes

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Hey NikoskO

i've been reading the posts from the begiinning for the last few days and really enjoy what you are doing.It has been a pleasure learning from you.

THANKS!

--- 帖子 #552 ---
I have been following this thread ever since ce it started......please do stay around, from time to time keep posting you good trades ......its been a great support

--- 帖子 #553 ---
if anyone takes it, manage your trade according to your plan and do not overrisk. if you do not have a plan, make one before taking the trade (or any trade for that matter)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i'll be around

--- 帖子 #554 ---
this account started on 19/5/2020, this is today.

discipline to a system, accept losses dont let them get out of hand and its easy

i can get much better stats but i need to trade less to do it. that means i will not have much opportunity and althought my stats will scyrocket my profits will be less.

but still its not that i take 10-20 trades a day.

some days its 2 trades, on other days is 10 trades.

only had 1 loosing day .

everyone can do it. stick to a plan and accept looses, also you MUST take money out, not let everything compound you might as well blow it all up

--- 帖子 #555 ---
all timeframes are the same and news dont matter.

below a 15second chart trade example (on tradingview). execution on mt4 (1m chart) lacks quite a bit on such small timeframes but i only wanted to prove my point (and the spread on such small timeframes is your worst enemy, do not try this at home)

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Thanks for sharing bro. Yes, you are right. I had the same problem before when overtrading, hence why I cut down (limit) my trading these days. No point trading every zigzag move -> may as well just try to get the most of the current or upcoming impulse wave.

BTW, I do not see much differences in GU positioning for SWFX sentiment and a few other brokers I use. But buddy from another forum says his data shows big change.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
market structure + reversion to the mean = killer combo for 3rr (4r if i had let it go to tp witch it did but i didnt wanna risk it against the trend)

Nfp helped get things going, as always.... (How many times have i told you that i dont care about news?)

--- 帖子 #558 ---
nice trade , I waited and took the opposite side, we'll see what happens,only time will tell

https://charts.mql5.com/28/959/eurus...al-group-2.png

--- 帖子 #559 ---
that is good one as well. i am on the buy side of USDCHF now, they are practically 100% inverse coorelated with EU

there is actually one slight problem with our trades. the way price made the pullback, so mean and fast could indicate a reversal to the upside again.

you sure have heard the "rally-base-drop" thing in forex. it looks like it, i dont trade it so i dont pay attention to it for now

in any case, a correction is due we should be safe for at least today

this is why one system is good but more are better.

no matter were the market is going we can trade both directions

--- 帖子 #560 ---
If I had to guess they will drop it in the 50% area before the weekend, I may close it bye the end of the day either way, also almost all the U.S. pairs are in the same condition

--- 帖子 #561 ---
BTW can I share just any chart with system or must it be naked ones like yours? Also, I've always had problem making screenshot show in my post. Dunno why and god, it is so embarrassing

--- 帖子 #562 ---
sure, as long as it based on structure.

download lightshot. take screenshot, save iamge to pc and upload it. i have posted more analytical directions some pages back

--- 帖子 #563 ---
fooling around with paper trading once in a while (extreme risk is used). i'll try this on my live at some point

100k to over 2m in 26 trades and nearly 2 months (the trades were less because i take partial profits on it like in the current usdchf trade now for example. half is out for +237k rest is running)

builds up confidence in a sytem. then you only need to follow it on your live

you should try it
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and eu suggestion, keep sorting, do not take swing (not a good entry for swing, not good rrr), just take sort scalps till target is reached

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Hi, do you trade during Asian session? If not why , and which session do you prefer?.....cheers

--- 帖子 #565 ---
I scalp london only, i dont mind taking swings during assian but i never trade assian cause it is slow.

also it does so happens than in my timezone i wake up 2 hours before london open and go to bed when NY closes. Ny close is midnight here.

so yeah, no point in trading the assian for me

--- 帖子 #566 ---
EURUSD bullish move is not stopping .......

--- 帖子 #567 ---
no trade is 100% guarranted but it is not near the stop loss yet. and htf structure is still bearish to my eyes

other than a system you need management to succeed

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Hi nikosk0, is the commission (per lot) on the EA you posted the spread in pips?

--- 帖子 #569 ---
I think EURUSD on 15min has started to developed the structure,  which if brown should give a nice sell

--- 帖子 #570 ---
no. it calculates the spread on its own. you put the commition if you have one and it calculates it inside the risk. if you do not pay commitions, leave it at 0

brown?

in anycase, wait for london for best setups. 1.222 is they key area we do not want to break if we are taking sorts, the pivot / most revent swing high / fractal of importance (call it however you want)

OR if you are in such a hurry, you can sell now a small position (say 30% of the lot size you would like idealy) and if it goes against you, sort again near the stop loss (1.222) your full position. not the safest option but if you know how to do it it can work

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Hi boss, I meant break , it was a typo error. I have noticed that if one waits till 796 to 88 Fib level, although one can miss few trades but at this level one gets the best RR, sometimes even 4 to 5......thanks for your support bro, the way you have clearly shown the market structure is astounding , it has greatly improved my approach.....cheers

--- 帖子 #572 ---
This is the weekly chart and you can see this set up on all usd/chf charts ,I have never really noticed anything quite like it before.

What do you think?

https://charts.mql5.com/28/993/usdch...al-group-2.png

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Thanks for the reply.

May I know the usual pairs and timeframe that you trade?

Market is pretty choppy right now and lack of market structure.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
i have similar but uchf tends to fake before the actuall move. it could break the lows before goin up. but since my trade is also based on the weekly i use small lots and if it drop further down (100 pips or so) i will add another buy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

nicelly done and spoted. we stay away during those times

eu usdchf gu usdcad. my main focus is on eu ( say 50% of the time)

--- 帖子 #575 ---
EURAUD is in retracement on 4hr chart ..    a bearish swing move should come in few days

--- 帖子 #576 ---
i dont trade EA but daily says long to my eyes.

again, focus on a few pairs and master them. if ea is one of them for you then good.

if you want to sort it then by all means do it and forget my view, it is not of the ones i trade so i could very well be wrong.small edit here, my chances of being wrong are higher than usual because it is a pair i do not trade.

good luck.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
O yes.....now I can also see the daily structure....I agree on HTF long is developing, but on 4hrs, it has made a sudden down move and has broken its HL and currently retracing.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
EU 5 min slow day

--- 帖子 #579 ---
mate this week up to today was trash really. hated it. but cant be helped, it happens, and when it does, we need to stay out. (well just noticed your trade after i wrote my reply. very nicelly done bro. such choppy markets i hide in my cave  )

-----

i hope its a 200 pip down move this entry, will see.

any pullback i am out. will see how much rrr i can get

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

edit: going for top10 of my trades ever. still havent taken anything out, full position in. 5.2rr and counting
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

-------

btw, untill i figured my system i used to follow the analysis of this youtuber (for my beloved EU, i dont know what he does on other pairs). and i kind of agree with him most of the time.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC5...e5knSTjx01McQg

i do not suggest taking anyones trades OR buying his course, i dont think he can teach more than what you learn here. but i do find him kinda ok. like the other guy i posted some pages back (cant remember who it was but i liked his concepts when i watched it)

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Nikosk0, a beautiful trade !

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Looks like EURUSD has broken structure, need a LH and should fall

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Looks like LH has been made

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Today is the classic example of market where nick tells to stay away......absolute slaughter lol

--- 帖子 #584 ---
there was one good long on uchf actually today. i got gready and took 1rr instead of 3rr (was targeting 5r) but in general yes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

shity week in general other than yesterday for me. some losses some small wins some break evens. only yesterday i had good profits but cant complain

wanna see pound tommorow, it has a nice 4hr setup i dont know how it is gonna be when london opens

--- 帖子 #585 ---
whats your take on EURUSD?? Still bearish?

--- 帖子 #586 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...9#post13570899 (same as here)

as long as stop loss is intact, structure is down

--- 帖子 #587 ---
EurUsd Short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #588 ---
well done mate.

my gu suggestion from yesterday. the correct entry in the red circle, i enterred earlier didnt have time to take a scalp entry

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Nick (the God of Trading).......I picked the swing trade of EURUSD, so far 52 pips profit and counting.......cheers bro, you ate a star.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
U are star

--- 帖子 #591 ---
put stop at break even, take some profit maybe, dont just let it run to my tp.

trail the trade till it throws you out and enter again as high as possible. as longas the HTF structure is intact keep sorting and getting out

i hope you are not short from back then, you could have made more pips by letting it take you out at trailing stops and entries again at the retests.

learn to do those things. and every once in a while you will get the trade that gives you 100-200 pips in one move without pullbacks
(like the one today  ) if you trail the structure correctly.(example below)

--- 帖子 #592 ---
My top most entry is at 1.21944

--- 帖子 #593 ---
example of how different the exact same price action can lead to 100% different results,

the first was a kinda good continuation long (i wouldnt take it), the second was a perfect sort (i prefered to sort gu)

also notice the same PA on monthly

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #595 ---
I took the chf/usd trade.

Just want to say that this is the coolest thread, everybody on the same page with the main man giving great advice !

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Yeah i just switched on my charts and saw all the beautiful Euro moves on different pairs.

Didn't expect such moves on an early monday morning.

Oh well, will be on the look out. this week already looking better than last stupid week.

Stalking NZDCAD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #598 ---
GU 5 min

--- 帖子 #599 ---
check my previous posts for reasoning and 1m/5m timeframes for entry

edit. got out, too slow for my taste and 5m failed to make new low

--- 帖子 #600 ---
GU - New York trade added to earlier London trade.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'm holding this trade from last week and I'm wondering what your thoughts are at this point, I have already taken some profit,

Do you think I should close it or let it run?

--- 帖子 #602 ---
stop losss at 0.897 and let it run (do not add more buys)

and remove that stocastic macd, it doesnt help. macd can be only used with accuracy to either trail a trade or search for divergence at extremes and be patient. also they are useless in any timeframe below 4hrs. unless you want to either scalp or intraday up to 5m for 5-10 pips (well these are the most accurate ways i have found to use the macd, for the stoc there is another method based on the daily slope of it on the daily and taking entries on 30m)

--- 帖子 #603 ---
GU  - London

--- 帖子 #604 ---
remember this?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the reason we must plan ahead. now just trail the stop and keep sorting pullbacks as long as structure holds in place
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

also been taking some longs on UC these days (small risk since my main pair is EU )

--- 帖子 #605 ---
I exclusively follow GU price action. Walk with price on 5 min. Harmonics, structure based trading with help of fibs.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
i took the same long on eu 5m.

if you found your pair on gu congrats, this is the goal, mastery of one. it is more than enough!

nice trades

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Hi, can you PM me where you got your market sentiments from? Thanks in advance. Have been using your strategy to trade the market and the results is great! im only looking at 30m chart, but at times, im really confused on which direction it will move. so i kind of just sit out on the trade.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hi Nikosk0, can you advise on why the short in GBPUSD is not valid? i got stopped out.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Is the grey box valid for a short once price hits the area?

--- 帖子 #610 ---
on both sorts you got in early, you didnt wait for ltf structure shift (also london is closed in 2nd entry so better stay out of trades)

30m is ok for 4hr/daily entries

the entries you took should be based on 5m tf.

hope the chart below will explain

--- 帖子 #611 ---
today yes, tommorow i dont know. 4hr is still holding strong so i still consider sorts to be safe.

4hr will be breached if we see a high above 1.22. as long as 1.22-1.222 is holding, sorts are good. if your grey area is breached though, i would look to sort from 1.218 but if that does happen we are more than likelly to see uptrend continuation

--- 帖子 #612 ---
As I trade only GU. The most active time to trade GU between 8 - 11 am London time - now till 18 o'clock your time. Perfect timing. Straight to the dinner table, unless you are the one doing the cooking...   and then after 22:00

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Maybe is OK to start before London.... Grrrr.....

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Lol i already started executing before london open after some backtesting. However, sometimes some weird whipsawing happens around London open.

USDJPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #615 ---
This is my projection.

PS: A very beautiful short execution earlier !

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Yeah, that looks like a good level. Will be watching.

What's the yellow broken horizontal line at that level? an Alert?

GBPAUD short aiming for 3R.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Btw Snail, any wave counts on this trade?

been reading up on Wave theory, doesn't seem like something i'll ever be confident in.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Here you go, Koop.

Price alert is attached. Those lines on the chart and only levels I manually have drawn. Other is LO level.

--- 帖子 #618 ---
frankfurt opens 2 hours before london so sometimes it gives nice pa and here and there signifies the whole trend direction of the day. but it is not a hard set rule

--- 帖子 #619 ---
For an absolute target for today for Gbp/Aud, would be for me W38 @ 82293

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Today it was a run after available liquidity around the Weekly Pivot. Somebody might it call a stop hunt.

--- 帖子 #621 ---
or  https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...r-levels-right

--- 帖子 #622 ---
i dont use pivots but i understand and agree with your thoughts.

although i have zero confidence trading against the trend (on 4hrs) on GU

--- 帖子 #623 ---
thanks for the insights! i can take entries even better now! Btw, u made it look so easy!

--- 帖子 #624 ---
interesting the three indicators you use I assume as a statement, can you kindly describe how you use them ..?

--- 帖子 #625 ---
trading is easy if you have a plan and follow it religiously.

i have prety much shared my entire plan on eu the past 2-3 weeks, doesnt matter if i am right or wrong, just stick to it. i know it works and the plan tells me when i am wrong.

also dont take heavy risks that will make you nervous. that will cause you to close the trades early and dont stick to the plan

no need for crazy winners or heartbreaking trades, steady and simple. 5 pips 10 pips 20 pips, whatever you can get, it adds up

--- 帖子 #626 ---
did u take this? i didnt understand. it was a great trade if u did based off 4hrs

--- 帖子 #627 ---
USDJPY 4 H

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Thanks man. Strapped it on.

While downloading the attachment I noticed I already had that indicator. I think it was from my days in the Davit Pivot thread.

Happy Trading!!

Yeah I did, but on the 5m chart, with analysis from 1H.

I would have held on longer if I knew the 4H may have been preparing for a bigger move.

Oh well, content with the 3R

--- 帖子 #629 ---
ςιτη α 5μ εντρυ θ διδ ςελλ νοτ ηολδινγ

sorry was in greek

with a 5m entry u did awesome. no need to time the entries on all timeframes. but you could take 2 positions with different stops and targets if you liked the 4hr.

they are tottaly different trades anyway

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Pheww!!

GBPAUD short closed for 3R after more than 6 hours. Hate these kind of trades, but money is money right?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #631 ---
at least its waiting on the winners side and not the loosing one like most people

same stuff with me and my eu

waiting for the news in an hour to move it (hopefully in my direction)

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Haha, True, would have been worse to wait so long for B.E or a loss.

Is your EU short or Long?

Why have you moved over to the swing trading side these days? Time? or you found it more reliable on the higher TF?

--- 帖子 #633 ---
NEWS

nah, its just that i didnt want 5-10 pips i targeted about 40-50. basically i scalp when the days allows it, when it doesnt i take intraday (kinda swings).my analysis is always based off HTF

both gu and eu sorts closed

news are the best

eu 15s chart long as well (can you see it?)

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Lol Congrats mate. big moves.

go grab a beer or take your Girl out!!

--- 帖子 #635 ---
well not the big rrr i got the other day but pip wise they were. thanks!

all about sticking to a plan that has been tested. and as i said previously, i have shared the whole eu plan the past weeks, didnt change course along the way

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Not when one sleeps.....

--- 帖子 #637 ---
History repeats itself -price development after FOMC statement.

--- 帖子 #638 ---
likelly scenario. trade with caution or stay out.

we got all the moves the past 3 weeks, let it settle dont be greedy

--- 帖子 #639 ---
i WOULD BUT i DO NOT WANT TO ON THIS THREAD IN RESPECT OF NIKOSKO, HE WANTS ME TO REMOVE THEM AND i DON'T WANT TO HIJACK HIS THREAD

PRICE IS ALWAYS FIRST

--- 帖子 #640 ---
yes is a good thing, you right...also me think this THREAD is very simple and so innovative...

--- 帖子 #641 ---
UC analysis.

see the difference?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

eu
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

anyway, in all pairs we might have some corrections but it is not time to take swings trades. small scalps on 5m is better. good luck

--- 帖子 #642 ---
check this again
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post13574005

and
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

just a reminder on how to look at charts

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Hi Nick....I hope you are. Last week was pretty awesome. Impressive moves . Two questions. In this EURAUD daily chart that you have shown, by bearish swing you mean the correction that might start as daily candle has broken the higher high?

Second, what do u think about AUDCAD, in HTF it is bearish but on 4hr chart it made a HH and ever since has been correcting. Last Friday, it made HH on LTF. Do you think AUDCAD will go bullish sometime soon?

--- 帖子 #644 ---
those were your words, not mine. mine were a reply to your words on the posted link

ac is bearish in my eyes, it did make a HH ut failed to go higer and broke the structure down again.

stop using all the pairs, strick with one, you cant trade them all. each pair has its way, what i think other than my 4 majors doesnt matter, i dont trade them.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Aud is linked with gold if gold goes lower aud will go lower too as time passing and more coronavirus vaccines available and happening we are moving into a risk off scenario, a reset is happening in prices.

Expect gold to be lower and all foreign currencies too as Usd is gaining back the strength.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
I think I'll stick to 4 pairs as you advised. Also will start doing top down market structure analysis. My weakness was pretty obvious from EURAUD analysis when I was only focusing on 4hr chart and didn't even see daily......ill certainly keep that in mind.....thanks

--- 帖子 #647 ---
hey mate, welcome again

aud to gold

cad to oil

jpy to oil

dxy to stocks

but it doesnt matter, they are all coorelated  to dxy, dxy or cash  is what make the markets move, that has been the case thousands of years back

best way to trade dxy is with eu, then usddkk, then usdchf, and finally gu

some pairs move more than others or faster but in the end they all follow dxy and the stock market

cash was, is and will be king

just my opinion

and yes, even news follow them in my opinion.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
To me, it is not that important what is related to what, unless one trades fundamentals.

Nikosk0 focuses on EURUSD, me GBPUSD.  In that case, it is possible to know the "personality" of the particular pair. What it might do in the particular situation and at the particular time during a day.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
GBPUSD SELL started ???

--- 帖子 #650 ---
do you see any significant structure point for a sell?

search, post pic with your thoughts and then ask. we are not here to give signals or tell anyone what to do.

if you still do not know how to identify structure, read the thread from scratch.

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Subscribed to this thread. I currently trade market structures. I find it the simplest and the best way to trade the price action.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
UJ daily TF

i trade UJ once every few months, i rarelly touvh it but i like the setup on it, see how it goes.

i also believe it is some kind of harmonic patern but since i dont trade them cant be really sure.

snail comment on that if you can please, you are the master of paterns on the thread

and it is not a trade suggestionm it is only what i see and my way of trading

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Attachment g

Waiting for a potential setup on AU daily timeframe

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Hi snail69, saw that you only trade on M5 TF. Can you explain why did you long on the lowest point instead of selling on the arrow that i've pointed at? What kind of confirmation was given before you took the long trade? Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #655 ---
I saw LL on LTF, and since on HTF it was also sell I waited till 61.8 fib.......I think I should have waited for HH to form first followed by break of recent LL to enter the trade. Today I did that on GBPUSD during asian session. Waitednto really see shift in maket structure and as you rightly said I entered and ever since its selling. Thanks you for your advice. I need to develop more patience .

--- 帖子 #656 ---
I should have waited for LH (not HH)....typo error

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Almost 100% I trade after London Open which often finishes either structure or harmonics. That was just before London Open - blue line and as you can see, shortly after LO a structure was finished, where I went long.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
GBPUSD has broken its structure to down......sell in move 1min chart

--- 帖子 #659 ---
This time it is around New York open - red dotted line. Harmonics (Gartley, Bat, Crab) --> structure and entry.

Follow-up.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
i wanted so bad to take this trade. it was way past my scalping trading hours to do so though.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
GJ 4hr

--- 帖子 #662 ---
You can see this as a trade on 5 minute to weekly at this level, It might hang here for a while as it is the first pair to get there but it looks pretty powerful !

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Went long on EUR/USD. Let's see the outcome of the trade

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Actually LH is supposed to mean HL. Sorry for the mistake

--- 帖子 #665 ---
there is a huuuuuuge problem on your 5m chart that might dont let it go higher.

for 5m it was a good tradefor 1.5r

your logic was correct but it conflicted with HTF witch is down

but the bsgest problem i think it was the time you took the trade.

london was closed, better avoid it

--- 帖子 #666 ---
In this post you mention slow up fast down, so speed/rate of change of price is important in terms of trading?

How do you utilise it please?

--- 帖子 #667 ---
well, observation based, when price strugles to go up in this example, that most likelly means that big players aare not that interested.

and the only one who can actually move the market fast is big players or news (the lack of liquidity during the news in fact and not the big players)

so, slow up = not interested, fast down = big players are likelly sorting

but if you know your stuff around it is very easy to observe and participate in these moves.

pound news were about to come today

below my pound trade on gj, i just waited for the news, fear of lossing made the participants exit their positions and price moved fast were i wanted (and i've been trying to sort it for 3 days kept kicking me out but eventually i got the trade i wanted)

so, sometimes the structure may not have changed but the flow of the market makes you think twice about taking a certain type of trade. that is not always the case so in regards to structure it comes secondary (reason why i said "most likelly" )

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I put this trade plan in on monday night, This is a 4hr chart but you can see it on all time frames from 5 min to weekly, each trade you see represents .33% of my account totalling 1%. stop loss is above structure and also a long term resistance. I did it this way because of the volatilty of this pair. I did not add to a losing trade and this was the plan all along and I have not changed it. I may close some out around the target and let some run but I have not won anything yet as the trade is not over.I was confident in the levels and conservative in the trade.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
I took a trade on GU and just before news it reached a precise point  (88.1 fib) - surprise, surprise..... Was contemplating to enter short there, but decided to do other things instead watching the screen.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Hi, which platform are you using?

Renko charts are interesting because they actually reflect the actual volume allocation in markets.

So if you know, for instance the ADR moves 100 pips for EU, you can set your renko chart to 25 or 30 pips and wait till price reaches an interesting level.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
ok, ATR is a good choice. Using 100 you will less influenced by outliers.

There is some kind of autocorrelation in markets, you could also try the 5-day ART, the 60-minutes, etc...

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is still my trade from last week but I think I will close it shortly, all the yen pairs did pretty much the same thing , As you can see there could have been a few entries and exits and I could have made more money that way but the truth is this was pretty stress free trading , Plan the trade and trade the plan.

and Attached Image (click to enlarge)

here is a few hours later!

--- 帖子 #673 ---
excelent work non the less. way to go! keep it up

--- 帖子 #674 ---
harmonic heart pattern.

exact measurments differ depending on your drawing skillset

--- 帖子 #675 ---
US30 going down... but will form a new LowerHIGH before a LowerLOW.

--- 帖子 #676 ---
When all good (properly set SL level), these trades yield about 4-6 x RR.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #678 ---
took the same trade as u and tp around the same price after London open.  thanks for being selfless for teaching how to trade!

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Thank you! I have an excellent teacher. (meaning you) I really appreciate what your doing here!

--- 帖子 #680 ---
That is why this works so well because with these kinds of R.R. you could probably lose 60 % of your trades and still make some money if you stick with proper  money management. The truth is I have not lost a trade in about 3 weeks but I am not taking to many trades and just trying to cherry pick the best one's I can find.  It's a great way to trade because you can literally hunt the levels you want to trade at before price even gets there. You can plan your entry stop loss and take profit ahead of time and use the trade management EA to calculate your position size and R.R. . It's almost like being a range trader in the middle of the chaos and you don't have to rely on fibo extensions for profit

--- 帖子 #681 ---
if you dont get cocky (all of us do trust me) and keep doing what youre doing, it is a traders cheat code.

be ware of cockiness  (once i hadnt lost a trade in 3 months when i was trading for ftmo, i passed 2 challenges in a row and merged an account, then i went funded and made 18% in a month,last week of the month  was my worst week during the time and i was break even, all my account metrix were straight lines up, 5 of them. next month i got cocky and lost the account)

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Happy to manage a decent trade before NY.

Marked a possible structures.  Took an orange one.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Firtst loss in a while because of news. Eu long near the bottom, 7 pip stop took me out for 2 pips then went up 50. Was from mobile couldnt do a thing. Shit happens

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Hi guys,

I question that I have about market structure,

Do you consider the structure to be broken when the price closes above previous structure or just when the wicks go higher or lower is valid, please see attached picture for clarfication.

Im asking this because many times a see wicks rejection  and the price continuo with the original trend and other times I see wick rejection the price pulling back and then continuo with the breakout like on the attached picture

Thanks

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #685 ---
On your picture, there is no market structure above, because prices come from below.

Therefore, the market structure, where you have the highs, on your picture, can only be broken to the downside. A move above would be a continuation instead, not a market break.

And answering your question, for me, any level is broken just when prices reach it. No matter if the candles will close or not beyond it.

Because the timeframes are completely arbitrary. Closing when? I would ask to myself. On the 1min tf, on the 15m tf, on the 15m 30sec and 25ms tf? All the timeframes are arbitrary. So what counts is not exactly if within a certain time block prices close here or there, but what is price doing across the different levels of your chart in my opinion.

See this two market structure breaks as I understand them.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #686 ---
And a few more using the D1 tf.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Yes you are correct move to the upside would be continuation and to the downside break of structure, just for the example is clear on the top.

I tought the same because just going under even if is just the wicks is showing weaknees, the price is not been able to be supported above or below a certain level and yes many times we are going to have wick rejections but that is trading

--- 帖子 #688 ---
when structure shifts you can get a wick rejection. say daily is down and 30m is up, if daily wants to change you will see a 30m big down move

example below

schertzi said the rest u need to know

--- 帖子 #689 ---
anyone trading DAX here please? or dont mind to make a comment on its 'market structure' please?

Been shorting it and want to swing it, it just returned immediately....

it is on H1 timeframe, never seen stock market playing like this before...

https://www.tradingview.com/x/biGP7Piq/

--- 帖子 #690 ---
waiting for the DOW to open in 1 hour, after the long weekend, something will move with OIL at new highs

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Finally see the index goes down and hold at low!! Should have posted this earlier to trigger it lol

Anyway joke aside, how do u link it with the new oil high?

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

another good move today! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UPDATE !

TOOK SOME PROFIT ON THE FIRST TRADE AND I THINK  i'LL CLOSE THE SECOND ONE SOON.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Guys perfect example of what i was talking about,

I use 2 timeframes, higher timeframe 5 min actual chart and entries on the lower timeframe 1 min chart. I dont like to look at more than 2 timframes beacuse if I look at more I never take a trade 1 up the other down then another up and I dont know what to do.

So for me trend direction the next higher timeframe up or the next next higher, I never go more than 2 timeframes above the entry one because then is disconnected to the entry chart.

Anyway on the attached picture you can perfectly see what I was mentoning, you have a clear uptrend, then a break of structure of the low (circle area) but only the wicks and then it keeps going up.

By what you guys have been saying that wicks making a lower low should be enought to change the trend correct?

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Thanks for the advice!

Have to stayed disciplined!

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

COUNTER TREND TRADE!

Lowered the risk because I'm not as confident but need to get better at counter trend trades.

Any Thoughts on the trade would be appreciated!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

update, pending order didn't trigger probably due to spread as price seems to touch the line.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
It is a myth that prices are "supported" by something.

The wicks just imply that most of the trading took place at another level that, at a certain moment, run out of orders and that caused a momentary shift in prices (the wick) that were finally allocated within the original body of the candle.

So, when prices will return back to that wick area, you will mostly see a lack of interest there and prices moving either back to the prior body area or to a new area beyond that wick.

Mainstream charting theory states that wicks represent support and resistance areas and that is absolutely false. Most of the negotiation takes place within consolidation or ranging areas and these are the chart structures acting as S/R levels if you want to call them like that.

Besides, prices do not move because either buyers or sellers are stronger, but because exchanges find a certain order book configuration and the program that controls price launches a specific repricing template to fill all these orders. And nothing guarantees nor requires that the program that controls price will set new prices following the preexisting market depth. Otherwise, making money would be exceptionally easy just by knowing the pending orders and pursuing the existing volume.

For this reason I answered your prior question, because market structure is really important while wicks are not except to know when and where market structure may have changed or being completed.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
been working on it for more than 6 months. i only found 1 configuration that should work 100% but its so rare that i dont even look at it (has happened twice and resulted in massive moves but the moves took 3-5 weeks to happen)

2 entries on your chart. take that kind and forget about a swing. it could keep goin up for another year
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

that was choppy price not the kind i personally like and if anything i would not sort that kind of a retest

your killing it, keep it up

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Exchanges basically move prices to non-recently traded areas (aka breakouts) to take orders from there and allocate these orders somewhere else.

For instace, after a breakout to the upside, it should be expected a reallocation to the downside so that the market is selling from the highs down to the lows. When prices reach the low areas by breaking down old lows, then you should expect the exchange buying at lower prices and allocating these orders up to higher prices, making profits along the way.

But since big pockets require gradual delivery, you usually expect them being buying as prices fall down and then selling as of prices start to move up back again.

And that is the main game. The market structure breaks after the runs are good indicators of the price template for me. If price comes back below the 50% of the range between the lows or highs run and the higher high or lower low formed after the market structure break, then you have a setup.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #700 ---
And then, after the setup that is the higher timeframe context, you find your lower timeframe replica.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Didn't you say "below 50%"?

Yes, indeed.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
My short got trapped by DAX again, today even run over the high of yesterday, dont understand how the stock market can have such a big range.

Order block doesn't seem to work on index

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Just another example from today's M5 GU chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

[edited]

I leave this here for the records. It is important to take a sound decision about how to exit before entering. You would not have exited at the recommended area, now you would be underwater.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Quite on the contrary. High and low of a candle define the range of trading during a period of time, the body is simply defined by 2 prices at fixed points in time - the price at those precise moments is more or less random somewhere inside that range (unless you have a strong trend across the candle).  Where "most of the trading" took place cannot be seen from the candle itself, you either need to switch to a lower time frame, or have some tick histogram available.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Sure?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Even on the 1-min TF.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also, liquidity areas do not require being completely filled along the whole range, no matter if you try to find order-blocks or anything else.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
So, reached the liquidity pool, you have your retracement and the end of the subcycle in progress.

The hedging program starts and the expansion can continue if required.

Notice that most of the time order-blocks exist at both sides of the market, therefore your work is to study which one holds the orders being allocated atm into  the next liquidity area.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #707 ---
love the fact that you took over explaing stuff over me koop and others.

thanks!

--- 帖子 #708 ---
It can go up. But what if it fails (again) to hold prices above and releases an accumulation program right now?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

See the OB working.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Would your risk this?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is not a technical analysis problem, but a decision-making system.

What about this alternative?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The OB is working, but will you hold it till the target level?

Why not taking partial profits?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Enough?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #709 ---
DAX 15-tick chart (~20 seconds chart). Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I just wanted to share a few examples.

However, and as a conclusion, ICT order-block study requires a lot of years to be understood. I have been posting these messages sequentially in real-time on the 1 minute chart just to show you that it is not just hindsight. But believe me when I say that I do not recommend this approach as a general-purpose system unless you have a lot of years and money to devote to it before seeing any plausible progress.

Unfortunately it is a really complex subject. I think that just studying market structure breaks over extreme prices and how to enter upon retracements after it offers a more feasible technique to view your charts.

With order-blocks and analogue market flow structures, ~99% of the aspiring traders, I can bet they are not going to make it no matter how hard they try. It is my sole opinion and I am not even going to discuss about it. It is just a free warning.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
np, I have just being tracking the thread for a while, and I appreciate your task.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Adding fibos...

We only guess, what if...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So finally, this range expansion collapses the typical ICT OTE setup.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And this would be a reasonable level to close and exit the trade or just close 90% of it and start trailing. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

.

--- 帖子 #712 ---
The volume generally is/was inside the body. I hope this makes more sense. Therefore, most of the negotiation takes place inside it as a general rule of thumb. Therefore we may expect bodies to act as contrarian structures more ofthen than wicks, since the volume required to fill the pending orders is more likely to be found within these bodies.

You can subtract from you bodies adjacent wicks to find better entry points as well due to the fact that when a wick runs next to a body candle, it is more likely to reflect a sign of volume exahustion. I have already posted a few examples above of this situation and, if you verify it now, the last 1min setup on DAX is based upon that supposition.

When I place the setup, my guess is that the computer program that changes the prices of this market is going to trigger the negative repricing template at an area close to the last sellside level, that it was, for me, the area of this specific wick. And that is why the setup lies just a few poins below it to absorb the spread. An area where short positions dominated in the middle of a more general buyside throughput at that moment.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sorry for the edits.

Think that no one is changing the prices here except a program configured for doing that using limits (time is a constraint, volume is another) over functions. So if you assume that human activity and therefore the products derived from it, including the parameters of the program that is changing price are related to the human activity, something in between the opening and close time of a cycle must reflect the equilibrium. Limits are resolved using equations many times over several transformations. For a function that is continuous inside an interval, you need to derive it and get a value that makes that function equal to zero to find optimal solutions.

If the program exits a function or method at t1, I think we can assume the value found at t1 should be something close to 0- or 0+. And that is why I think that the idea of the volume lying within the body is more plausible than the opposite one. Because the equilibrium in a market (the optimal level) is found where volume is higher than the open interest basically so that price will stay idle there.

If you are not accostumed to IT, this may offer additional details:

https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.5555/1882723.1882756

Another interesting read.
https://www.bis.org/publ/mktc13.htm

--- 帖子 #713 ---
took the same trade as you for GU. Once TP, I immediately took a short from 1.37859 to TP at 1.37660. Was very happy with the trade today.

thanks for starting this thread nikosk0. I’ve learnt a lot. Used to trade all sorts of pairs. But now I only trade GBPUSD. 2 wins today!

--- 帖子 #714 ---
I took GU too today. EU was better in fact but I felt more comfortable with the structure offered by GU today.

I always look at both at the same time and then decide in the last minute which one to take, either EU or GU.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
scherzi this trade is for you.

ICT OTE apllies perfectly althought i dont know exactly the system to actually trade it the way ICT does since i have focused on my own

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Also took GU.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
whats that histogram below?

some kind of average slope? (i use 400 lma sometimes on 30m)

--- 帖子 #718 ---
uc 5m first image + 1m second image

i will not take it since i am done for the day and i do not scalp UC.

but it should work.

if it was eu i would take it no questions asked
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

edit. technicaly if i had taken it, stops would be at be right about here (1m). these levels always get respected but being cautious never hurt anybody
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #719 ---
More like this , basically same as you do.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The final retracement, is much more deeper than OTE. I think that OTE has some geometrical similarities to flag trading style.

Now EU is @H1 OTE, but I think it is too soon to sell in any case. So I am waiting still to see prices either moving up or breaking down to confirm a possible reversal before.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I think I will wait till the options markets open in USA and see what they do.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
@Scherzi

Thanks for sharing all these insight.

I kinda understand, i was just being a bit frustrated and losing patient as it has been consolidated over such a big range for a long time.

However I do learn sth new from you, which is the way you spot the OB, are you able to tell me a bit more how you define a strong or possible more reliable OB please?

--- 帖子 #721 ---
btw, can someone tell me whats going on with UJ and AUDCHF? is it news driven? what is the news? such a big drop!

I have my eyes on them and looking for short term buy setup as the move is so over extended. Any opinion is welcome

--- 帖子 #722 ---
eu is a no-no for me right now.

am only interested in buying at 1.18-1.1805 area or if it breaks 1.189 top then a buy at 1.181-1.183

not a single sign for a sort atm

i think i am done for today and need a little more to be done with my weekly target (i am at 85% of my weekly target, only need half a trade)

so i'll play it safe

consolidation is the best if you learn how to identify the next move. dont get frustrated, play with it.

ob is the last down candle before an up move and the last up candle before a big down move

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Just study ICT if you want to learn more. It is free on Youtube.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
ob is the last down candle before an up move and the last up candle before a big down move

This is the standard definition, and obviously there are lots of these example, but any way to identify one that is better/stronger than other?

As an example, would you consider this OB will hold?

--- 帖子 #725 ---
i dont know if it is just me, but the majority is only looking at charts here mate. uj was bound for a sell off

if you look at scherzi's previous post about new tops that take out liquidity you can understand why.

bonus tip.

a slow up move that makes a new top is ussually followed by a fast down that will break all lows and clear out liquidity.

in general price travels -to and from- liquidity zones. identify them correctly and you'll win

structure liquidity, OTE, ICT,OB are all the same concept with different names. the simpliest form of all is structure and the reason why i chose to only talk about it is because it is simple.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
I forgot to say. Time is as important as price is.

Hence, OB without proper time analysis may not define a high probability setup.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
and for AC, do we have any OB in the circled area?

--- 帖子 #728 ---
time as in time of the day or timeframe?? i.e. higher the TF, better it is

--- 帖子 #729 ---
But anyways, it is worthless just to focus on details. Charts should be studied as a whole.

That is why I say that @niosk0 approach is more than enough because it comprises a complete setup.

If you want to study order-blocks, you will have to spend a few years before digesting it and no one will be able to clarify your doubts on a forum answering questions.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
time of the day, and time since the previous move that happened. the most recent the better

--- 帖子 #731 ---
that area has already been tested and provided a good long. the move is now down if anything, the only thing that may happen there is a pullback. and it is an old area, dont count on it. nobody cares what happeneda year ago, they only care what happened yesterday or the past week

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Seeing a short opportunity here on UC. Are you guys seeing the same?

(Dont mean to get any trading opinion, but if i see what you guys see, then i m speaking the same language)

--- 帖子 #733 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post13617898

check this link already posted. dont enter now in any case but yes it was an opportunity

--- 帖子 #734 ---
oh you do have the example, excellent, so i think i am in line with you guys.

Thanks very much!

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Well done, it is good to establish a limit.

My initial guess for today is that last Tuesday could be the high of this week. Currently EU presents a price equal to the daily open for EU on Tuesday. If we want to print a wick on top of this week's candle and Tuesday remains actually as the high of the week; then we need to drop prices down the current price to draw the candle's body.

Otherwise we would have a doji. This guess is not a big deal but I am tracking USA markets today under this assumption trying to find signs of negative repricing before Friday EOD under the consideration that Tuesday is the candidate for being the high of this week.

Maybe it is assuming too much.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
All of these diagrams are perfect examples of the usefulness of technical analysis in hindsight.

Can you explain how to identify 'higher highs' and 'lower lows' PRIOR to them happening, because nobody can make money with hindsight.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
if it goes to the high today i am sorting to get my weekly target

i too think the weekly will not close bullish.

and i too do this type of guesses with weekly and monthly candles. not often but i dot

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Smh

Lmao. Just Lmao.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
See all my posts from today. All were made before the highs and lows were created. Nothing in hindsight.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Okay

--- 帖子 #741 ---
check here
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post13617898

and the result + 38 pages of results.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
eu weaknes spoted, structure broken , retested, weekly target achieved

textbook trade

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Hi guys,

I see that you are talking about order block and ICT, there is a very good thread about all ICT concepts and strategy, they post recommended videos and everything

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13618283

The thread is still manageable 103 pages and people are very nice replying to questions and everything.

Im studying order block myself, called whatever at the end of the day is supply and demand zones that go in line with market structure.

Im still trying to find a way to separate good from bad order blocks

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #744 ---
This thread is equally excellent ! i second you

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Nikosk0, it is reminder what day is, as certain things often occur on certain days at certain time.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Great. However, overconfidence can kill you in trading. My personal notes on ICT include hundreds of pages. That is why I say that it is better to go directly to the source due to the high degree of immersion that this style requires.

Then one eventually goes back to the notes and always finds something to be corrected or improved.

But it is true that having a thread allows you to discuss with others and brainstorming can help a lot.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
AU + NU are like 90% coorelated.

now see the big difference structure makes in a 4hr most recent example.

if you need further clarifications let me know

one would have resulted in a loss for a tiny ammount

the other would have resulted in a very high RRR win if you waited for the entry
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

bonus trade suggestion (NU)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #748 ---
I am longing GU and EU, so i m seeing USD is weakening.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
looking good but it would be nicer to show a chart with your reasoning for doing so and your entry.

by looking and commenting at it from me or others you could improve your timing and entries witch is far more important than your exit.

starting a trade with 0 drawdown is really important and it is not impossible for us even though it is imposible for 99% of the traders

--- 帖子 #750 ---
your word is really encouraging and exciting, surely if i can start my trade with minimum drawdown, it would be easier for my psychology. My ultimate goal, hopefully i can improve myself by engaging in dicussion here, learn from you guys.

This morning i took GU long, because i see the BOS at the yellow circle area, hence the previous sell to buy candle is the zone of interest.

The top blue line is my initial TP, but I see the market is a bit slow, so I chicken out and take profit at the Liquidity pool

I mainly trade on 15min btw. There was time in the morning I though the trend would be down actually, when the price dropped again from 1.37840.

My difficult is don't know which OB is the dominated one,

--- 帖子 #751 ---
I have also traded the exhaustion move in UJ and AUDCHF as i said yesterday, but for small profit only, because is slow exhaustion move

--- 帖子 #752 ---
ok you had  a decent scalp entry

BUT

there was a better swing entry, you could take both trades at the same time sinve they were based on different timeframes

and they were practically different trades (same way you  can trade both direction in the same pair)

well executed anyway and also, the yellow area doesnt mean much.

the only thing that matters at the yellow area is the liquidity that exists there and is bound to become food the the big money. so the bet would be for that area to break and take all retail who see it as support out of the equation (it ussually happens on the 3rd or 4th test of the area)

--- 帖子 #753 ---
This is my view on GU at higher TF

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Thanks for your comment.

One question from me, liquidilty is pretty easier to spot, however, when can we take the long entry and take this as TP? as it can keep on dropping before the big player decides to reverse and collect coins.

--- 帖子 #755 ---
also there are some dudes who say it aint swing if you dont hold it for a week. fuck them

its all about timing, time your entry and you can get 100-200 pips in a day

thats a good swing

if you wanna have 100-300 pip stop and 300-500 pip target then you try to time it with the weekly and hold it for a month.

same rules aplly as in any timeframe

--- 帖子 #756 ---
never.

trail the LTF structure untill it takes you out.

if it does take you out, wait for a deeper pullback and another structure shift to re-enter at a better price

--- 帖子 #757 ---
My take on GU today.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
SAME example as AU + NU above.

pound dint break the previous low, it went after the high
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

euro did brake the previous low so the previous high is still holdin
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

usdchf didnt brake the previous high so it went after the low and broke it
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

also look carefully how everything is coorelated. UJ was the first to drop this week then it was uchf a day later. eu followed while poung was stagnate at the lows and then pound followed all of them along with au and nu. same thing with UC but i wasnt looking to watch when its move happened.

dxy is the driving force, everything else follows.

so if you manage to get your hands on the first mover of the week you can get the second the third and so on. it is not neccecerary to get all of the moves. i got the full move of uchf and some part of the eu move. nu didnt come back to my entry so i didnt take it.

so at a total of 7 majors i got involved in 2. its not bad at all

this is why i always suggest to master one pair and take one trade at a time.

have a good weekend everybody

ps. paper trading balnce for those who remember is now at 12m. 5 losses in a sum of 58 trades in 3 months (more than 90% accuracy). i only do this to build up more confidence for my personal account. when i feel ready i'll try to make a small acount into a big one. you should try it to. and i dont look at it, i just place a trade and when i see that price is goin up i'll just go and exit the trade ats ome point, i dont even take accurate entries, just simple trades

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Solid entries are possible in the proximity of respective open prices. 5 min

--- 帖子 #760 ---
ga loves that pa on 4hr as well if ur interested for swing. i got 3 pip spread on it (no commitions) no way i'm trading it on 5m

keep it up.

UJ 4HRS below

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Hi NikoskO

I remember your paper trade account which is really cool. I'm thinking of doing that but I don't remember how much you are risking, Can you tell me the risk % you are using?

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Here is a good move so far!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Moved stop in case there is a reversal at this level.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed the trade!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Just missed the trigger!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Be careful! Could be at least a short term reversal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #765 ---
hello is there anyone here who can teach me how to trade? I have basic knowledge of forex and I need help to become profitable

--- 帖子 #766 ---
This trade didn't quite work out, my question is does this look like a proper entry for a retest?

--- 帖子 #767 ---
all timeframes were down apart from 1m and 5m
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

start by reading the entire thread, thats all you need+ discipline + patience

no idea, random lots. at this point i think i take trades of 2000 lots.

on 100k when i started i was using 30-50 lots but iw asnt scalping, was just taking trades and let them run

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Here is another one! I'm not advising anybody to do anything just showing a chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Go back to the very start of this thread and read every word

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Babypips.com is your best bet.

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
btw, did u always trade like this or started now from this thread?

hs it helped you become profitable in this sort term that the thread has been alive?

just asking out of curiosity to see if at least one person has become profitable, tat is the goal anyway

i will add a poll to the start to see how helpfull it has been to the readers

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Nicosk0, it was a big help to fine-tune my approach. Now it works nicely.

GU 5 min

--- 帖子 #773 ---
uc a sort, trailing exit and re-entry
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

uj, this is why stops without confirmation must be above previous high. now finally in green, either keep it or leave it
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #774 ---
ya know, i have noticed now, that i have only seen it in your chart and i actually only now noticed this on your chart.

i dont use fibo so bassically i do pip counting if my target is too far.

from my understanding you've know it for a while but i have been using it to scalp fast pullbacks once price did that move. never used it as a tp though

--- 帖子 #775 ---
not trade suggestion. just dont take longs without confirmation.

bulls aint convicing for now

similar on all majors

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Indeed, an old good AB=CD

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Hi NikoskO

I did bring some trading experience and some profit ability but mostly using indicator based systems and using multiple time frames and went thru what I would call the ups and downs of trading. in 2017 I stopped trading as Life just took over. So recently I repaired my trading computer and now have more time so I decided to trade again and my thought process was to trade without indicators although you do see the one indicator window that I use but I try to remember to take it down before I snap the pic but sometimes I forget. It probably gives me a warning of when not to trade more than a trade signal, But anyway I was actually looking for an EA for figuring out lot size and then I noticed your thread "Market structure only-Keep your charts clean" so I clicked on it and read the entire thread to try and understand the rules and even found the EA I was looking for. As I was reading I was examining the charts and noticed the great risk reward ratio in making these trades and also How often it happened and I have started to feel that you have kinda of cracked a code in the market and I believe it happens for a reason and it just makes sense. I have applied some of my multi time frame experience knowing that the more a trade level shows up on multi time frames the better the chance it will have but other than that this is the best I have ever traded and it is due to your teaching and I can't tell you enough how thankful I am for you to share it with us. I actually feel that the grace of GOD brought me here as it was the first thread I clicked on. I am on the hottest streak I have ever been on and still have not lost a trade since I started trading this way. I know I can't keep that up and have to stay disciplined but the risk reward ratio and valid entries this system provides is What makes this system profitable. I feel we could lose more than 50% of these trades and still be profitable if we follow the system correctly., and part of the real genius of the system is that we are trading in the existing trading range and do not require a break out to make profits.

Thank you for taking the time to teach us!

--- 帖子 #778 ---
UJ 5 min. Exploring other majors as well.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
This is a very nice example.

In this context, more indicators just means more confusion for me.

Pivots and nine period RSI.  The latter helps give confidence with tops and bottoms.

--- 帖子 #780 ---
This thread is very good. I am redirecting here people asking me for advice. As usual, when you give or recommend something for free, most won't appreciate it, lol.

I am happy to see you are among the exceptions.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
edit, the quote cause the trade was different from snail's, my bad.

same reason i stoped posting on gu an eu threads

i hardly ever went there to read opinions, only to post trade setups. but they didnt like it cause i didnt have fancy explanations since my trading style is quit simple in its most simple form.

its like wait for 1-2 formation, enter on 3 exit on 4. repeat.. cant get simpler

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Yesterday, there was an ideal trade, 4-5 RR, on AU 5 min. Shortly after London Open, there was a structure to be exploited. Those session open price levels are very useful.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Are these the Liquidility waiting to be taken? I am starting to lose my faith, the recent market structure at lower timeframe is so unclear to me.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
This is one type of analysis I do when there are important news at the end of the week.

It is purely speculative as I really do not have expectations for it to happen, albeit I just prepare myself for a possible similar reaction.

However, as per my analysis, my initial perception is that the pricing system is somehow moving up by creating a possible low of the week on Wednesday.

As I say, it is just a possible scenario, meaning that I would not buy GU by now because I do not have confirmation for this possible scenario.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Basically prices do not move randomly when news are released. Apart from details, it means that higher timeframe ranges may be filled. Therefore, if the range being negotiated is the intraday range (US news for US market), then we can take a look at the whole weekly chart, for instance.

Therefore, this could be potentially, and it is not sure yet, the template that the FX GU market is running this week. It is just a possibility as I say. This is only one possible scenario among other thousand scenarios. I don't know actually what is going to happen with GU today. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #785 ---
well that is a question for another thread. "1m divergence price action system"

prety similar to mine but different methodology and more advanced
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ystem?page=110

people from there have come here and people from here go there.

as for me, pound structure on all timeframes is still down as i said on a post the other day. and i would only buy with confirmation. confirmation meaning, that to buy for a swing move, i would at least need 5m to change structure. that has not happened, or happened and failed

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Seeing along GU i cannot decide, i am anticipating reaction on these RN and see what it is going to do, if i correlate it with dollar getting stronger day by day i wish to see GU make a LL,

--- 帖子 #787 ---
From the M15 perspective, this could be another valid scenario.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
I have been shorting this morning GU btw and the PA showed a penetration of the last Wednesday's low. I think there are chances to price to reach the 1.378 area. But that is unimportant. The high-probability shorting opportunities for this European market area almost finished since it has already expanded around 40 pips and there are already signs of fixing imbalances or taking hedging positions and all the stuff. I mean, the European selling program seems quite advanced.

Imo it would be prudent waiting till the news are released at 8:30 EST time. If price shows an ascending PA it could be a huge rally.

On the other side, it may happen that the news won't have a noticeable effect; therefore the price is now very low and interesting to stalk long positions if the PA offers that opportunity. I think it would not be wise looking for further shorting today that is Friday for now, while we could reasonabily enter the game later expecting prices returning back into equllibrium as the week ends. However, we need a setup for that and this morning price direction is still negative.

We have to be completely relative when trading because this is a stochastic problem; we always act after the market talks; we cannot anticipate to what is going to happen, just respond when the markets give to us a signal.

This was my setup for today's European markets. I had to close it due to technical issues and could not complete the expansion, but only a part of it. I just share it so you can analyze it using @nikosk0 patterns. My first take profit level was at the level the red arrow ends, I was short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Yesterday's M15 structure just drove me crazy, it went up and down creating intraday high then intraday low. Hence I was losing my faith.

I did see or believe that market has taken a step up since 09/07 as it no longer created a low lower than last week

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Yes, I found both of them very helpful.

At the end of the day, chart is the chart, price is the price, but everyone has his unique angle to look at it and interpret it. I do find a lot of similarity between these two threads.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
GJ is breaking structure upwards from M5 level towards the H4 level

--- 帖子 #792 ---
What is RN please? I also see FB and QN somewhere, what do they stand for please?

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Yes, this week was atypical. I thought it was because of the news release planned for today's US morning.

That is why I thought the markets would try to strike the lows and then push forward up to the highs and reset the market from the bottom to the top.

Since it may be illegal in normal circumstances, with the excuse of the news no one is going to ask why a market oscillates ten times what it would do in normal circumstances inside a small time interval.

With all that in mind, I was expecting Friday to be a crucial day for the week in terms of pips.

I shorted today expecting new lows to be chased after observing the first minutes after the Europan markets opened, but expecting a later huge rally.

My opinion was that the most logical moment would be at 8:30 EST time since we have news then. However I won't be trading today during American sessions, it is Friday and I have better plans today at that hour that imply a lot of fun and no stress.

But see, we never know the exact sequence of events. I think that the current rally is dangerous due to the fact we have news, and it could cause a whiplash effect later, running lows and then retaking the highs.

In any case, what it was a high probability even is that at or near this week's low, we were going to see an important rally. I did not expected it too soon, otherwise I would have been trading it. In any case, I am already done for this week and going to start enjoying the weekend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #794 ---
What a beautiful short, just right on the point!

Thank you for sharing your insight, it takes me time to digest, but i still dont fully understand it.

"The high-probability shorting opportunities for this European market area almost finished since it has already expanded around 40 pips and there are already signs of fixing imbalances or taking hedging positions and all the stuff"

GU can easily move over 40pip, what is the significant of this range? and where do you measure it from?

What are the signs you see the imbalance is being fixed? and hedging position are being taken?

"Imo it would be prudent waiting till the news are released at 8:30 EST time. If price shows an ascending PA it could be a huge rally."

at the time i am replying, you have got it right exactly (I know you dont encourage predicting, and you trade by reacting it, I am just amazed how much your experience is).

Why a huge rally? I mean you do seem to expect a huge rally and not just a recovery.

"it may happen that the news won't have a noticeable effect; therefore the price is now very low"

it is now very low because it has formed a new weekly low? and even though there is PA showing up, wouldn't you trade against the trend?

while we could reasonabily enter the game later expecting prices returning back into equllibrium as the week ends

is it a market phenomenon? The equilibrium here, it is in terms of order imbalance or mean/moving average?

I know i have a lot of questions, I am just doing my very best to understand every single word you say in here, I can tell is a lot of wisdom and experience.

Much much appreciated!

--- 帖子 #795 ---
More of GJ...

Slight correction b4 mooning...

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Price moves back and forward. If this week's market action is lowering prices, which other reason other than clearing imbalances and taking hedging positions for risk covering could that be for?

For GU, ~70-100 pips in two hours is a huge move considering this last week range. That is what I mean. A sudden move that allows you to take more than, let's say, 50 pips in 15-30 minutes.

I traded in demo and using simulation during the first 4-5 years without an exception. I never traded live before I got good practice. Then I started gradually to go live. For most of us trading has been a very costly and frustrating experience for months or even years. I know no one who has not lost thousands of dollars before becoming a breakeven trader. And what is more common, what happens almost always, is seeing people abandoning in less than one year of failures.

Because we have news there is a potential situation for a move above the daily average range. Also because Monday formed (or was part of) the high of the week (I think), that is abnormal.

I would never trade against the main directionality. That is why I do not trade anticipating, but reacting.

Creating the lower wick of the weekly candlestick requires prices to move up at some extent during Friday.

Prices are low if you compare them to the beginning of the week. Therefore, there will be a lot of traders willing to sell above waiting now. If the market does not take care of their customers, the customers will leave that market and find a better place to negotiate. That is what makes me think that maybe the market will try to satisfy these waiting clients. At least the VIP ones. From that perspective, there are chances for it to happen. But markets must speak first to validate anything. Otherwise it is just speculating and nothing has been revealed to me to think that is how the events will finally unfold today.

The equillibrium is something closer to the 50% of the weekly range than it was today when markets opened in Europe. Over multiple weeks, the equllibrium would be the middle of the weekly range more or less as a rule of thumb. However defining accurately the equillibrium is quite complex.

However, all this is really out of the scope of this thread and it is overcomplicating.

My advice is you to focus on this thread main ideas; it is more than enough.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Hi Scherzi

Can you kindly enlighten on the importance of time/hour of the day and importance of the day of the week.

Cheers

bilal

--- 帖子 #798 ---
while u guys argue about gu i found interest on UC.

first trade of the day,
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

now waiting to buy gu
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Sorry people, I have already ended the edits of the prior post. I wish you all a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
That is too long. It is better to go to the 1min thread and just go through Youtube to avoid redundancy. In any case, volume enters the markets at the beginning of each session basically. The first hours of each session are key to find the right direction for the rest of it. For more detailed understanding, one needs to study hard and that info is free and public. Check the 1min thread, please.

--- 帖子 #801 ---
well it was not argue  but learning, i missed the buy but i get it why, and to be honest that is a problem to catch every move... i have to filter high probability setups.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
RN=Round number i.e., 1.3900 1.4000

HRN - Half Round number 1.925, 1.950, 1.975

FB - Fibonacci levels 89, 79, 71, 62, 50

--- 帖子 #803 ---
lol, the guy who asked the question is the author of the 1m thread

like telling him "to man, go to your cave and read again what you have wrote down"

no disrespect

not in Greece, here everything is arguing

nice trade, i stay put from these moves. and instead of buing gu i sorted uc again. its more extended so might give a better pb

--- 帖子 #804 ---
He is scherzi

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Lol

I know it, I wrote it not for him, but for those reading the thread in the future.

Bilal and me already had private conversations this week.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
AU 5 min earlier today 6 SL

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Just managed to have my lunch break, crazy busy day from work.

Thanks for sharing all these valuable knowledge. Again, I shall spend some time to chew every word and digest them.

In term of trading, yes it is good enough to use the system/rule presented in here, and trade it mechanically. However I do always want to understand how the market works, and I always want to be able to tell a story after seeing the price chart at the end of the day, to explain (or give a reason/story) why it moves fast/slow at this particular time, what is these price action showing, is it accumulating orders or whatever, why it makes a turn at this price n etc. I m practising this story-telling skill on M15 or M5.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Once again, you impress me. Hopefully you can share more on the reasoning/experience telling either in this thread or others. That is a lot to learn from you.

I though the news would just move it and continue moving it in the same direction, but it turns out it retraces almost 90% and now seems to be within the range.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
not that i took the trade in the post here on GU
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...0#post13626630

but still looks good at 1rrr.

just an insight on how to look at charts, i am mostly a scalper/intraday but i do this analysis for all pairs for piece of mind. maybe some people here can do it if they think it would help.

been doing some weekend analyzing for the next weeks expectations.

most likelly scenario for me is to let monday-tuesday push price to their current direction and then trade the pullbacks on 5m.

i might sort EU if it doesnt gap down with a stop at recent highs for a 3rrr. will see about that

in any case, no signs of reversal for me

have a good weekens

--- 帖子 #810 ---
you will here about it in the news, do not try to buy the dip in stocks.

also when stocks go down dxy ussually gets stronger.

be carefull, it was due time for a corection

havent had a single setup today dammit.

took a loss using another system and thats about it

eu did a massive move but not the kind of setup i am interested in.

--- 帖子 #811 ---
in all fairness i wanted to take this position i didnt. (for

8+rrr). Edit i lied i took a long on eu for my 5ers summer plan account but i forgot about it. But it is not a structure trade
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

its really anoying when things happen after or near london close

same kinda position on UC, i took it and was taken out almost break even....

in any case as i said in earlier post, price kept pushing on monday and tuesday on all pairs and the retracement has started. (or a reversal but its too soon currently to tell)

in case any major structure is broken i'll be looking for a retest of the highs or lows on all pairs to trade a reversal. (none has broken as of now 2 hours before NY close)

GJ GU UC maybe

uchf is tempting me to sort it but we'll see, the entry is gone for now for a good rrr.

see ya all

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Are you looking to take trades on the 4H charts or are you using those examples to determine the direction for the shorter (5min) trades?

--- 帖子 #813 ---
+ 4hr trades once a setup arises

but i mostly write it down here as a journal. so if i am not sure about something i come back here and check what i have wrote.

from my past experince i ussually dont post shity trades on the forum so when i post i also use it as a journal and try not to distract from it.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
uj

not that the structure that i have marked is gonna hold but it will most certainly provide a sort opportunity and if managed properly at worst case its gonna be a break even trade

--- 帖子 #815 ---
In most cases that is a bullish trap to catch breakout traders going long after the breakout indeed.

Today I am scanning GU because now there is a bullish breakout, but I am expecting a possible turn.

In any case I have not seen unfortunatelly a good structure for buying today. I think i will not be able to do it.

I need confirmation on m5 and m1, not given yet. So I am not trading today's American session so far.

My intention was selling the day and maybe I was wrong thinking I would have another opportunity now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Hi nikosk0 / scherzi

How far we can hold or shall take partials on the way? what shall be tp or can hold long term.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
I have no precise studies on that.

I usually close the whole trade in these two cases:

- I reach 1:1 or a sufficient expansion near or beyond 1:1 as long as the PA suggests I have to.

- I think my trade is wrong no matter if the trade reached or not my SL. At the very second I guess I was wrong, I close it manually.

I really would need very good reasons in order to consider establishing RRRs higher than 1:1. A lot of things should converge on a chart for me to consider doing it.

For instance, imagine that your chances of getting 1:1=70%.

If trading 1:2 offers a probability of success lower or equan than 35%, then (and ignoring comissions and spread), it should be avoided.

While if trading 1:2 has a likelyhood greater than 35%, then it would be probably advisable.

But since I keep my ideas and my head in simple terms, I avoid all that kind of speculation and try to avoid being too precise so that I can focus omy executive skills instead of managing too much variables and lose the focus.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
The day expaned too much above.

It may turn back down, but I do not like selling these moves at these hours.

Not having being able to buy it and not being right with Americas session, it is time to close and leave the charts.

We should avoid overtrading or staying longer than usual just because we did not find a good setup at the right hour in my opinion.

There are a lot of chances for a drop now. But I insist, I usually trade Americas earlier. That is one of my rules.

Have a good day and trade safe.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #819 ---
so entry execution is more important with an R:R 1:1 since it has high probability of 70% +

--- 帖子 #820 ---
i would use that area as tp but as ssaid on earlier post, i trail my trades. 0.5r 1r 5r 10r whatever, i trail 1m and 5m, when structure shifts on those i am out whether or not my trades was based off 4hrs or daily. my stops though are mostly based off biger timeframes. so the entry might be off 1m, psycological stop based on 1m but fail-safe stop is based off 4hr or daily (y know, spikes and stuff that happen)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i had a prety good day, 2 acoutns all went up significantly, i trailed all of my trades but customer came and i missed the gu long, its was perfect. on the one account i took only an eu long but as it turned out i exited early for no reason, structure didn change it was jut big rr and as i was trailing i started to get nervous, on the other i was scalping 1m i took 10-15 trades on au gu eu gj
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

first things first. do not change what works for you.

now in the seconds, if patient and have enough screentime you can get a 70% win rate with 2+ rrr. but its exhausting and i am talking about 1m 3m trades. even 5m is too slow and everyonce in a while a setups like todays gu apears that can give you easy 3rr on higher timeframes but you still need to be there for the perfect entry

entry and execution are the most important for me too. rrr is not so much. but being able to get a zero DD entry is crucial for psycological reasons mostly

BTW this was the eu trade i was talking about could have goten 50x rrr

it was on 1m tiny stop

--- 帖子 #821 ---
dont get confused, the one below IS a market structure trade, a breakout.

witch i am still trying to be good at, or build more confidence.

it was setup i once took as a reversal (ya know, overbought indicators and stuff like that)

upon failure i realised it works as continuation more often than not and give at least 2rr or even 3rr depengind on the spread.

it doesnt work everytime tho nor every time of the day. but if you figure it out, its good enough.

still havent mastered it

--- 帖子 #822 ---
I took  exactly the same GU trade, up to London Open Level, as you....

As the bag of pips was full, I walked away before New York open. I usually try to finish before NY open. Do not like the cowboys session...

There were several good set-ups, however, this on AU is an ideal one.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
the harmonic below i've just now started to recognise the role of it on EU mainly. looks like a butterfly so i'll call it like that, if there i an official name let me know

update on the structures, nothing has changed apart from gu. no major structure was broken, market has no direction for me yet

--- 帖子 #824 ---
I do not like buying normally on this weak structure, but see.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The main reason is that it is in the middle of a range and I see it more as a breakout of a range than a new positive or ascending structure.

Another problem is that the structure was formed before the European markets opened, and therefore, the huge increase of volume entering the market could literally cancel any ongoing price change. Should markets be manipulated and price just changing because of internal reasons, who knows.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Lets see if it can touch 1.181

--- 帖子 #826 ---
I lost yesterday's obvious GBPUSD ascending M5 buying opportunity because I was convinced prices were going to fall and ignored the signals. Being biased is generally good because you wait for optimal opportunities, no matter what PA does; but you lose entries because sometimes you are not right.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
See also GU how it is bulding positions there.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We're near a m1 climax area. But that means nothing per se since m1 does not rule intra-day expansions. Just another signal to be added to the convergence bucket.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #828 ---
and at times worst we take wrong entries, and even worse to cover it enter again thinking NOW is right spot and not leaving our bias, it happened to me

--- 帖子 #829 ---
fuck ye. it keeps happening from time to time to me as well.

in any case i believe that we will have a continuation of yesterdays momentum and a bullish candle close on eu gu etc the rest but in reality customers came and i missed my 2 entries on eu both time.

sucks to be me at times....

might trade some pullbacks or who knows what later in the day

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Stop looking at m5 and look at the weekly and daily and see where price will be going.

Enter on m5 in direction of the htf

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Hi Jason,

Take a look at this Post 22

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Today I have paid to the marktes. In my case it is rarely by a technical issue.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Hi Nik,

I like your approach

EUR/USD M5 M1 Short Trade

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Steve why the LL?? Imbalance maybe ?

--- 帖子 #835 ---
I think that today GU is just retesting this area here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For me, D1 shows a nearby critical low, because the highs seem strong while the lows seem weak.

And I have this feeling for EU.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #836 ---
I agree with the EU retrace.....back to retest orderblock.....eu news ahead?

Also 2days of equal highs...nice pot of money up there saying scoop me up

.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Lol Greedy Nik, bought a new car but won't hire sales assistants so you could have more time for trading

--- 帖子 #838 ---
The price was not fixing the imbalance but accumulating long positions by selling shorts and matching that process with the last area of bullish power. Ok, this just assuming prices are going to fall lower.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The buyside imbalance is a bit lower. One is at 1.7766 and another at 1.17712. But the imbalance runs down to 1.17677 on M5. Any of these levels may trigger a an ascending reaction, so we can track it.

Alternatively, these areas can be used to take partial profits and/or closing your short trades if you sold the last HH.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Can you do me a fav  and this is just for me to confirm if im right or wrong

Can you check structure on h4 eu and see if its broken and retested?

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Sent you DM

--- 帖子 #841 ---
if anything eu structure is still to the downside

on pound has continued the momentum since yesterday it broke the structure. also AU but didnt check for setups on that one

the rest pairs structure is the same as it wa this whole week

today as of  now, still no trade for me compared to yesterdays 10-15 trades. the eu sort was kinda ok but didnt take it. just waiting

--- 帖子 #842 ---
I stopped naming harmonic patterns a while ago. As they have various names as crab, bat, butterfly, shark.... I call them simply animals....

Yu can search for long for "M" and for short "W".

Today's CJ long. Closed it at 161.6 fib as the dinner time was up.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
No one knows that except the owner of the shop.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
well that was an excellent trade. i was looking to buy gj but didnt get what i wanted.

edit.

sold UJ

if blue line doesnt break i'll get out and look for re-entry higher
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and my view on EU
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #845 ---
ya all know, i started an account with 500 for fun. 50% risk per trade for 2r but only the best possible setups .

got a win and some be's now i am at 1100.

target is 5 straight wins on this account

500>1000>2000>4000>8000>16000

no time limit. a day, a week a month, whatever.

i know i can do it, i just want to prove it to my self as an excersize. since i have already done it on tradingview (success rate above 90% )

will see how that goes

--- 帖子 #846 ---
zero drawdown entries

TS= TRAILING STOP

EU Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UJ
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Now consider why price, felt directly into the number I mentioned on post 842 as the second m5 imbalance. during an apprently random whipslash on the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you have the imbalances.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
it wanted me to buy it that is why

--- 帖子 #849 ---
UJ EXIT, i cannot post on other post dunno why
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

eu ts 4 can you recognise the structures on 1m and understand my trailing method?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

eu 1st position out on tp1 see why?

the second still trailing

--- 帖子 #850 ---
EU TS5

--- 帖子 #851 ---
well anyway, got tires of posting. trade is locked, profit has been made and more locked, i am going to the beach to drink beers.

hope u all learned something during my live executions.

see ya

ps. if you still use indicators, please just delete them... u show how simple it is

--- 帖子 #852 ---
EG for today 4hrs go check

--- 帖子 #853 ---
EG is on sale, very cheap.

EU was showing moderate positive strength on M5 as well. A bit compressed yet.

I do not like using bullish and bearish lol

--- 帖子 #854 ---
I had a dream. Just a dream, it is not an expectative actually. Just a dream. Dreams are blurry however, never clear.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #855 ---
edit. got out trailing 5m for 0.5-0.7r smth Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #856 ---
I agree on your trade. I really do not trade H4, otherwise I would had opened the same trade as long as price is below 50%.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
GU m1 structure at low prices.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #858 ---
haha now i like it more, earlier when you told its cheap i didnt enjoy it then.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
why not? its easy money and most of all relaxing.

yesterday i waited all day for 2 trades on ltf. toomuch screentime.

today just put the trade on, place the stop and done. simple, easy and with enough capital there is no reason to trade any other way. especially ltf when slipage can destroy you (reason why when i scalp i use smaller risk and my normal risk is at a 4hr perspective stop)

--- 帖子 #860 ---
EU trailing stop lesson on 1m

entry ok you know it.

each time a new high is made, trailing stop goes to previous low.

if a previous low is breached we get out, structure has reversed (at least temporarly)

hope u all can understand my chart Attached Image (click to enlarge)

also UJ called it few days ago. bear trap on the X, reaction on the previous high, check earlier post to see the reasoning Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Simple entry on M1. Conservative TP and a bit early entry to ensure participation.

Time for holidays, see you in a few weeks, I will be travelling without my computer over Europe and Africa about 15 days

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trade safe and profitable.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
I agree on that too.

Besides, the cost of the trade, when trading H4, is reduced by more than 1 order of magnitude since the commissions on lower timeframes are much higher in relative terms.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
In fact the dream came true in this case. I finally took the trade after prices retraced inspired by Nikosk0 lol.

Now I have another dream, I want prices to move up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #864 ---
lol, dont hold meresponsible if it goes theother way around.

have a nice vacation mate! have fun!

the sort on euwas ok, i considered it as well but changed my mind!

--- 帖子 #865 ---
btw guys, i have put a poll at the 1st page of the thread.

if you wouldnt mind to vote i;d aprreciate it.

have a nice weekend all

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Not very skilled yet, it is easy to misread the structure.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Hi nikosk0, what was the reason for you to enter long trade on this? it did broke to a higher structure for a buy, but the retest area candle wasnt a good enough confirmation to enter long and you did not wait for the candle to close on the 4hr time frame. Did you look at at smaller time frame to enter buy?

--- 帖子 #868 ---
luogen, everybody has his/her perception of what is in front him/her. Have a look at my postings in this thread. I marked structure there and some explanation. The rest is on you. Good luck on an interesting, albeit not easy journey.

EJ 5 min

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Thank you for your encouragement, I study harder to train my eyes。This is my understanding of some of the structures of gold today. Please refer to teach this figure is M30 minutes. The M5 is entered。There are mistakes, please point out, maybe I haven\'t come to see somewhere.

--- 帖子 #870 ---
I do look at 5 mins mainly and currencies. The most important is to know "your" instruments, their behavior and timing.

See marked items on picture. Target is up to you.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
50% risk per trade account personal challenge, hopefully trade #2 for 2r on eu. for second target of 2k for those who follow.

plan is start with 500 and double the account size on each trade, search for perfect setups and lock at break even as soon as possible.

equity now at 1500 balance at 1120
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

man the entire thread is devoted to answer this question.

i only looked at ltf to exit

--- 帖子 #872 ---
i might want 2r but i certainly wont let 1r go to waste. if it takes me out thats fine, keep trailing till then

i try to traill all my traides. i would have exited again and entered again in the morning but i was working so i missed the opportunities, now that i have available time i do my thing

--- 帖子 #873 ---
pound 1hr. if no south today then the pic is gonna happen tommorow i assume. ( i will be looking to sort the liquidity zone that exists to the north)

its the high risk account. balance at 1750 (had some small trailing wins today and a minor loss but didnt get 2r anywhere.)

hope pound gives it for +1500 to go to 3k and continue risking 50% from there. if stop is hit acount will drop to 1500

ps. by posting here its like keeping a journal for my self and keeping in check
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

OK, pound took me out, no problems there, new perfect entery Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #874 ---
this is encouraging.

i hope the ones that were helped can keep it up and also help others.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
my last 4 pages or 10 days of HTF projections and bias.

well if traded EG would have been a loss, i got out withsmall win (you know i trail my trades and dont let a pip get away when i have the time to do so).

us30 is still at break even

the rest wins

i did not pu the GU trade that i posted earlier but it went to HTF entry, waiting for ltf confirmation to enter tommorow. i am goin sort.

also you know i am an intraday trader/scalper so ofc i did not hold any trade any longer than a day or 2 since i trade 1m and 5m mainly.

when people say techical analysis is bullshit and they think fundaments and all sorts of stuff, just show them this post, and tell them to read the thread, they will see more of that and maybe just maybe, they can open their mind to other styles of trading and do not disregard everything other than their own systems

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Hi nikos I hope you don't mind if I ask about one of your chart.

here I can see a break of structure for sell, but why I'm wrong?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #877 ---
15m trade with 3m entry. Is it clear on 15m?

--- 帖子 #878 ---
You are wrong selling at the bottom. Just that. Sell high, buy low.

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Gj BOMS anticipated...

Break of Market Structure..

--- 帖子 #880 ---
S&P500 to make a new HH, HigherHIGH on H4...

--- 帖子 #881 ---
S&P500 possible swing play on M15...

--- 帖子 #882 ---
S&P500

Bullish bias plus a Bearishness...

--- 帖子 #883 ---
EU... swingPLAY

--- 帖子 #884 ---
i FEEL LIKE YOU PUT THE TRADE LEVELS ON THE CHART WHERE YOU THINK THE MARKET WILL GO PER SYSTEM AND THEN MEASURE THE RISK REWARD . tHE TRADE MANAGER EA IS PRETTY COOL FOR THIS.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Yes, the first level or 1:1 is where I think I have 100% chances of winning if the price goes in the direction I guess. This is, the minimum change I expect.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Sticking to the trading plans and rules is always a good idea. The rules you have set are good and effective. Thanks for sharing!

--- 帖子 #887 ---
i AGREE BUT i LIKE TO SEE A LITTLE MORE THAN THAT JUST TO COVER THE SPREAD, SO LIKE 1.2 MINIMUM BUT LOVE TO GET MORE!  THE SPREAD CANNOT BE DISCOUNTED , tHE GREATER THE REWARD FOR THE SMALLEST RISK USING THIS SYSTEM SHOULD BE THE GOAL AND MY BELIEF IS YOU SHOULD NEVER GO BELOW 1 : 1

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Yeah, your point is right.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Today GU. Study graph ( a bit over 5x) and Nikosk0 principles, add your own stuff and you are good to go.

PS: Orange line - Tokyo open, Blue line - London open.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
I think that there is a strong suppot at the 1.3911 area. I mean, the triangle you designate is already projeted and concluded. Nowthe PA in progress seems to be more recent. The support is very likely to act as a magnet before releasing prices up.

If the current structure would be invalidated, then you should study the other one, but now I think these prices are not significant while the current PA is negotiated.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
So, while the current dynamics are expanding above, the 1.39 area is cleared and a retest would imply lack of interest for it and a probable run of the PDL level that is so close. But for now I only see HHS and HLs.

The current highs are not a resistance and I think that a deeper penetration of these highs would probably be required, at least a fake upward breakout.

I am on  holiday, so I am not checking  my charts, just  browsing the forum.

--- 帖子 #892 ---
motorcycles are one passion, girls are another and FOOD is the dominant.

i love food and to satisfy my appetite i need to cook myself or go to highly expensive restorants. and i am not a millionare to do so....

spageti pesto genovese

pork with basiliko, 5 peppers, mountain salt, vasiliko first on the grill and finish on the oven.

mushrooms and onion rings grilled on the fat of the pork.

need some work on the presentation

--- 帖子 #893 ---
maybe its time for the big drop. worth the risk anyway even if it is not

us500

also us30 has the same setup i just think us500 could make a bigger correction

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Hey Nik! How you been?

Quick question- Your 1m trailing stop method, how does it work? You move your SL to the previous swing high after price breaks structure LL and creates another LL(In a sell situation)?

If that's it, how often does your stop get hit only to continue in your profitable trade direction?

Too many B.E trades these days for me especially after getting close to 2.5R.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
hy man. i only use it when entering on small timeframes for big moves during NY mainly.

HOPE the image below helps

so when break1 happens i put stop at break even

when break2 happens then trailing stop2

break break 3 happens trailing stop 3.

etc.

when structure shifts, i wait for either trailing stop to get hit or price to  retest the low to exit.

each time we have a break of a low i put the stop above the previous high.

btw. getting almost 2r and eventually out at break even is almost criminal activity. you gotta secure some profit.

--- 帖子 #896 ---
It is still contract building up. It is not a break imo.

By only watching your chart I would anticipate a retracement, not a reversal to create a buy program while lowering prices. But inside the current structure shown at your chart. Maybe a retracement down to the 80% level (I mean a deep one). But for now, it would only be a preparation for a later rally.

If we see breaks of the highs instead before with structure above, then the story would be bearish. But for now the structure suggests a net long intention for me right now at this very minute and second I am watching your chart. I am not checking any data other than your screenshot.

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Koop, let me address your issue. Now I am in GU, so marked situation there on the picture.

Today is Wednesday, so situation might change quickly... This way it is theoretically possible to get 3RR in this case, if you go till 123.6 fib.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
i forgot to answer how often my stop gets hit only to continue in the profitable direction.

less often that when it goes against me..

so if i get 10 break even trades.

on 6 i was wrong and on 4 i was right (thats hypothetical, never counted)

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Sounds good. It's just as i thought. Testing it out, thanks.

Lol You're right. I used to be okay with it in the past because it didn't happen too often and so long as other trades hit my 3R target... But it's been a mess lately.

So here's my real problem Snail -

On a day like Today when the situation could change quickly... if you are targeting the 3RR profit at the -123.6 zone but price gets to maybe -88.1 and starts reversing against you, how do you ensure that take some profit out (maybe 1.5R) incase price is reversing back to your entry?

Structure based Trailing stops like Nik or some other way?

before now, i would usually just move SL to 1R when it gets to 2R.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
i am sort on it from that accumulation zone. my stop is just above your target zone. 1.3622

i didnt trail cause i secured profits from another trade so i am letting run.

i am in for a 100+ pip down move. i will start trailing once 1.3873 gets broken (if it does break)

my second position for 200 pips.

will see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #901 ---
This is me :

--- 帖子 #902 ---
i love your patience ya know. but i am not comfortable buying that high, still trying to find a way to do so

--- 帖子 #903 ---
CADCHF Short -

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #904 ---
The prices are seeking liquidity above that consolidation most likely. The problem is identifying the structure that will offer a sufficient RRR after that second leg when prices are already high.

But I would also buy as long as I find a good support around that second leg since price seems disposed to take away these highs.

A flat structure is a high probability target, like the consolidation above or the typical double or triple highs, that are normally bullish.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
The prices are seeking liquidity above that consolidation most likely. The problem is identifying the structure that will offer a sufficient RRR after that second leg when prices are already high.

But I would also buy as long as I find a good support around that second leg since price seems disposed to take away these highs.

A flat structure is a high probability target, like the consolidation above or the typical double or triple highs, that are normally bullish even if the mainstream literature says the opposite thing.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
CADCHF Closed at 3R thanks to ADP Unemployment i guess.

AUDCHF short still in progress.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #907 ---
got out of gu for penies.

ts on ur achf that i would use

--- 帖子 #908 ---
yeah i know, i just cand buy that stuff. prices tend to go to current trend steady and slow.

when pb they tend to go fast.

i tr to catch the fast move for a lot of reasons.

1. notcomfortable buying an already an extended (imo) market

2. more time to think about it and dont rush it.

3. structure shift is also slow, so i can exit early on a bad trade at worst case scenario a small loss. (i almost never let my sl get hit)

ps. we understood your post the first time, dont repeat yourself

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Lol exactly how i'm doing it now. I have not moved to level 4 though, worried about a stupid spike. Will watch for it to drop a little more first.

Already close to target.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Sure, just gave a few tips because you suggested you were struggling about it.

The fact is that since you also trade M5 and similar tfs you do not need it. These type of trades make more sense when you take less than one trade per day or so.

Only if you were a position trader, you maybe would need to work on such intermediate setups.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Today  Wednesday, my "disaster day". The first one I lost, but entered again at double bottom and closed shortly after NYSE open.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
i d happilly take that exit here than the nerve meltdown later on.

i dont know what did you do but i hope you at least didnt get a break even

at least you made mone on the second try.  i sorted again not at the top althought 1m provided a really good opportunity i did not have the time to take such a grande entry.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Haha I took profit at 2R after I couldn't handle the stalling any more.

Would have punished myself if it was BE again.

Funny enough, after the retracement, it continued to my 3R target....

Not all will be like this.. Gotta remind myself.

--- 帖子 #914 ---
it rarelly isw like this, unless  you have a position trade its not worth the risk.

think this otherwise..

if you exited and then it went up, halfway through your entry, would you be willing to sort again with the same lot size or not? my guess is propably no. so why keep the trade open and let it come back? unless you think otherwise

some pages ago i had a UJ sort example, with detailed explanation on why i exited. i know i exited at a good time since for the next 2-3 hours it kept going up.

what happened next.... I DONT CARE.

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Possible channel in progress.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #916 ---
NJ 5 min today

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Hello everyone!

so I put this trade in on 6/21 and it triggered on 7/30, lets see what happens. also those long term blue support resistance lines were placed there before any of this price action happened

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Hello everyone,

Question to everyone who trade this system. Can someone provide trade report?

Interested in winrate, DD, etc

Regards

--- 帖子 #919 ---
i assume thats a position trade. it could likely go up to the pic below but it could take a year

i do not trade on such big timeframes

but it is a valid H+S
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i have posted my tradingview account some pages back.

100.000 to 12.000.000

winrate 90%++

about 50-60 trades in a span of 4-5 months.

for live acount i have no data to show since i dont always trade this system.

try it out and find for your self

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Thanks for the quick response. In general, I also trade HH_LL systems, but I used these points to determine S \ L levels.

If the statistics are valid as you say, then the next question: Do you have an automated solution to this strategy?

If yes, we can discuss it in PM ?

If not, then I'll try to write it as soon as i could get some free time.

Regards

--- 帖子 #921 ---
update with help from NFP

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #922 ---
update!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

normally I would close this trade but it has great potential so I might let this run! Any thought's?

--- 帖子 #923 ---
it is your trade....just it is at 88.1% retracement.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
While deciding whether to sell or not a retest, one can track a change in the momentum on lower timeframes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In any case, the tf being traded is M5, therefore any lower tf is not important in terms of structure.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
what a coincidence

--- 帖子 #926 ---
When you wait 4 hours for cca 12 pips ....

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Lol so annoying.

Worst part is when you decide to cut that trade.... only for it to move with all the momentum in the world immediately after.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Today we have news at 8:30 EST time. Patience.

I missed one trade today because I was expecting price to move lower and ignored any other signal.

The second one was missed because I had an issue with my Internet connection when I clicked the sell button.

I am not trading anymore till the early stock market open in NY today. To failed executions on one row are too much to me. zzz zzz zzz

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Be careful with this last upper break. News in two mintues. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Boom.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #930 ---
i wont be here for a while.

my whole area was burned to the ground.

houses etc are safe people are mostly safe, the forest is  gone.

we are fixing the damages and were trying to put out the fire for 6 days with almost no sleep at all.

see u all when things calm down.

if you are interested google "fire in north evoia"

see you in a few days or weeks.

have good trading

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Be safe Nicosk0. Sorry to see such news.

--- 帖子 #932 ---
These are terrible news.

I hope you can recover as soon as possible.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
All the best and good luck to you and the people around.

I ve been that place about 12 years ago on a roadtrip.. wonderful area..

--- 帖子 #934 ---
For a long time I was looking for the best method to be profitable in the markets. I found out that every trader has their own flow of how they trade the market. Some only use indicators, some a combination of both, and some don't use indicators at all. I think everyone can express their own opinion, but never say that traders who trade indicators cannot make a profit in the market. This is FALSE. I made my experience with indicators and realized that this held me back enormously because I restricted my focus by using the indicators. I know that I can read the market to some extent, which is done very simply through the market structure, but through the use of indicators, I disregarded my wisdom. However, that is my opinion. I think that the combination with indicators and market structure works perfectly. I would like to contribute in this thread and pass on as much knowledge as possible in this thread and also gain a lot of it. I'm still at the beginning and feeling my way up to the top. Trust the process

This is a trade I made today in EUR / USD, which was a short trade, that is still running. Was almost stopped out.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
[quote=Omexes;13665152]For a long time I was looking for the best method to be profitable in the markets. I found out that every trader has their own flow of how they trade the market. Some only use indicators, some a combination of both, and some don't use indicators at all. I think everyone can express their own opinion, but never say that traders who trade indicators cannot make a profit in the market. This is FALSE. I made my experience with indicators and realized that this held me back enormously because I restricted my focus by using the indicators. I know that I can read the market to some extent, which is done very simply through the market structure, but through the use of indicators, I disregarded my wisdom. However, that is my opinion. I think that the combination with indicators and market structure works perfectly. I would like to contribute in this thread and pass on as much knowledge as possible in this thread and also gain a lot of it. I'm still at the beginning and feeling my way up to the top. Trust the process  This is a trade I made today in EUR / USD, which was a short trade, that is still running. Was almost stopped out.

This thread is devoted to a specific trading strategy without Indicators other than candlesticks.

And it is basically a price channel what we expose, nothing less, nothing more.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
In demo (1hr) trying this technique and I hope to get the 2.5 R in the indicated profit  ( EUR/CHF ), I have already moved my stop lose to positive

And waiting for other pairs to define their trend to go in their direction.

attached image

--- 帖子 #937 ---
HI Nick....I hope you and your family is safe. I did hear about Greek Island fire on BBC but didn't realise you will be affected. Stay safe......looking forward for your come back.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
I have created this video till my computer got frozen

Just simulated trading the way it is shown on this thread.

I hope it may help you in some way. Keep a copy if you like it, because it will eventually be removed.

https://www.mediafire.com/file/ffynk...56-54.mp4/file

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Thats a sad news, hope things get better soon

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Enjoyed and learnt from it.

Thank you Scherzi ,

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Oh wow, just seeing this.

Sorry about that Man.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
thank you all guys for your concern.

our  forest is gone completly. 500.000 acres of pure forest left to dust.

i didnt trade at all during that time, i think its about 10 days now since the fire started nd we are making repairs to houses building infastructure etc,.

cant tell how long its gonna take.

in the meanttime i closed a trade in my tradingview acount that i had running from back then.

acount now is at 19.000.000 (started on 100k)

i still dont have the guts to do this on my live account

60/67 profitable trades. win rate = 89.6%

rrr uncountable since the acoutn its constantly growing and the first losses look meaningless to the current size of the account.

profit factor around 7

keep working the sytem till u master it.

see you all soon i hope

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Wow Nik, could you please loan me $1,000,000?

lol

Good to know you're well. Nature may recover but i hope no lives were lost. .

--- 帖子 #944 ---
if it was real sure

jobs ans houses were lost as well as half the goats that sheperds had.

the fire department had orders not to put out the fire on the forest, just make sure that no lives will be lost.

so they didnt even try to put out the fires and every village that was saved was due to the villagers ignoring the order of evacuation.

whoever evacuated and was near the forest had at least minor damages or worst.

half the jobs here were lost. shepperds - wood workers - honey producers etc

the tourism will also suffer most likelly.

so no one died immediatly but its like a slow death for the entire region.

now they are fighting over the supplies people all over greece and outside send.

its a total madness

--- 帖子 #945 ---
I hope the European Union sends funds to support your region. Greece is so special a beautiful.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
After being testing, I think this picture shows a good summary of the ideal setup type to my taste I have found so far.

Please, do not worry about the horizontal lines.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The red circle on the left is the anchor point and the green arrow shows the entry level just after it takes place. It happened at about 9:00 AM UK time on GU.

I hope this will also give you an idea and also replaces the examples shown on the prior video, because this approach improves the results and simplifies the analysis.

Ok, if you check the charts you will see this.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But what I want to show you is the first situation, not what happened later.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Lol i would have most likely entered at the 7649 level and gotten my ass handed to me.

No patience to wait for a deeper dip.... but sometimes it helps to not miss moves.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Well, that is one specific setup that does not include intermediate levels.

Other setups may be valid as they pursue other objectives.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Missed the initial move from the circle.

I'll be looking to take another shot if price drops between the white and pink horizontal levels.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #950 ---
More breaks and retests.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Be careful however, because consolidations breaking are many times teasers that often go the other way around and trap breakout traders.

In my case, I prefer to wait for break continuation signals.

Additionally, I did not like this break and not traded it btw. Besides, there are news @ 8:30 EST time I think today, so I only took very quick scalps during European markets hours today.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Amazing, thanks for sharing.

Do you confluence check any oscillator for divergence on lower time frames at this price patterns.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
i wasnt very confident and i cut early now i´m waiting to buy but i think it will make a new low first

cheers

--- 帖子 #953 ---
It is not relevant.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
low broken, now waiting for return to the balance area and break above or make a new balance area below the last broken low to look for buying but in the meanwhile is time to walk the dog

cheers

--- 帖子 #955 ---
NQ100

--- 帖子 #956 ---
I had a problem with my browser, I thought I posted my trade, but as I see it don't. I did 3 Trades today. It was all market structure and going with the flow. It's that simple. The price did a classic break and retest. Good entry points.

Edit: I also forgot to mention, that I use the Fibonacci tool to get another confluence.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #957 ---
My Take Profit on GBP/USD got hit, but im looking forward, that the price may go higher to the next level.

Edit: There could be also another retest on the level 1.37262, which could push the price higher.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Went out on the USD/CAD position earlier, as the price came down to structure and had a massive wick rejection on it. As well as the trade on EUR/AUD.

But Price is coming back to a major zone, which can result to another movement to the downside. Lets see how price will react to it. Maybe there will be a potential short trade.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Didn't take the trade, but this is a good example of how simple trading can be if you do it somehow correct. This is not a holy grail, it's just patience and market sctructure. Identifying the market trend is the first step you have to look out. The trend is always your friend. Going with the trend can't be incorrect. All other confluences are noted on the picture.

Edit: This was UJ M15 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #960 ---
not much available time for me so i dont scalp.i  had 1 trade last week and this is my 2nd trade this week (my first was gu long yesterday for 70 pips)

today is UJ

struture based on daily

entry based on 30m

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Very nice trades

--- 帖子 #962 ---
I usually try to trade during the USA pre-market session.

This is a very small scalp on M5/M1; 1/4th of my profits went to pay the commission, but time is money and this trade lasted less than one minute and offered a RRR = 1:1.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So here, not trying to build my position on a breakout setup, but on a last stand scenario before the level was defeated (dramatic music comes here).

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Lol wow, Was that a 2 Pip stop? Crazy!

--- 帖子 #964 ---
AUDCHF Short - 5m.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Breakeven Saves the day!

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Two nice Trade on AU and EA based on M15.

Both of them hit my take profit.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #967 ---
similar based off weekly on AN (structure is down but i am betting on a pullback trade, mean reversion kinda thing)

uj took me out break even and i just re-entered (my preception of it has not changed yet reason why i reentered)

--- 帖子 #968 ---
btw, small tips that might help you on eu and gu (since i trade mostly those 2)

on 4hr timeframe, eu likes to make new ll's before reversing to the north

pound tends to respect previous lows instead of breaking them and going north.

examples below

so if euro is goind down, wait for it to make a new low to buy and if pound is going down wait for a retest of the low to buy (if structure is against your trade do not bet on making a higher high, just trail the trade on smaller timeframes)

hope you can understand.

zoom in to your charts and you'll see 'em

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Very nice scalp trade. The overall trend was to the upside, I wanted to enter the retest on the level 0.66253, but I missed it unfortunately D:

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Here is another analysis on AC M15.

The price may bounce on the support line/zone on 0.91639 and may continue to the upside. This is just a simple analysis to show you how simple trading can be.

You can also use the Fibonacci tool for another conformation. If the price shows us a strong wick rejection at our support level, we could potentially enter a long trade and take our take profit on the next major S/R zone. After the break of the zone, we would wait for a retest on that level and take a another continuation trade.

Edit: When trading, however, it is important to be adaptable and see what options the market will give you next. Because an analysis is an analysis and tries to foresee the future as well as possible, but it cannot foresee the future 100%. So be flexible and watch the market. That's what I learned in my journey.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Trade on CHF/SGD M15. I usually don't trade this pair but I saw a very nice set up, so I couldn't resist. Overall this trade was valid.

Edit: I wouldn't recommend trading this pair because of the spread. But this is another example, how to use market structure to take easy trades. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Analysis on EA: Price may break the S/R zone and do a retest on that level, and continue to the upside. There is a high potential that the price will reverse and change from a bear market to a bullish market. Lets see how it will go.

Edit: nice trade, it hit my take profit. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #973 ---
CJ analysis M15. I got stopped out on CJ today, beacuse of a long wick, but I renetered the market at 87.275. Hoping the price to coninue to the upside.

Edit: this trade hit my stop loss. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #974 ---
uj doin ok but am out, took a while to move

an hit sl

new strructure on eu.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Hi, I am reviewing a few posts. I have found this one.

Here is the reason why it did not work imo.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #976 ---
now i percieve it as  momentum lost signal.

i dont know or remember what i was thinking at the time. propably overconfidence or maybe just  an example of trade management

--- 帖子 #977 ---
It also determines your structure size and therefore the expected expansion. 3X is a very common one.

Wicks omitted to avoid including dealer's spread. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #978 ---
This is such a powerful thread. If it is used in its true nature instead of adding other spices to it like many in the thread tried, it can be ultra profitable.

Just finished reading the whole thread and backtesting on 2 pairs for last 3 months of data and results popped my eyes out.

Thank you so much for sharing @nikosk0 .. Hope you, your dear ones and everything else is safe and coming back to normal.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
we're good thanks.

3 months of data aint enough unless you're talking about the 5m timeframe.

if you are using anything from 15m and bigger you need as much data as possible. for 15m and 30m i recomend at least 2 years.

for the 4hr i recomend as much history as you can get your hands on (10 years +)

just to be able to see and test all the different situations that can happen.

and remember this, what happens now and what will happen tommorow has never happened in the past. but getting as much backtesting as you can get better prepares you for the scenario of tommorow.

and yes 2 pairs (hell even 1 pair) is enough to make money in the long run. each pair has its own characteristics. some fake out others do not. somewhere a few posts back i shared a difference between gu and eu. every pair has such characteristics, you just need to find them and exploit them.

i wish you luck and thankt for your kind words.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
in responce to my previous post

see the difference between eu and gu ( ialso marked the LL between them. gu also got respected very nicelly with only a pip or so that got broken. in reality this is not a LL that interests us in this thread)

i also just remembered a similar situation i had posted on au and nu a few weeks ago but i am not a master on them to really trade such a thing.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
AN

0 DD entry with some explanation

already at 2r so prety much covered my previous loss on it when after rollovoer  i will put my stop at about 1+r

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Great thread thanks for sharing! I've got tonnes of reading to go over this weekend! lol

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Imo, markets launch different pricing templates at the same time that look like similar but they're not.

I see this major difference.

On the left, the pricing template is relative to the small consolidation where you can observe how the structure is changing. But on the right, the pricing plan I think it is related to a higher scale price structure.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

figured I would post this trade that has been ongoing for over a month and the big move up was last month's nonfarm payroll, Let's see what happens!

--- 帖子 #985 ---
not the best entry in the world but an easy 1.5rr

--- 帖子 #986 ---
stocks to abyss (gimme 20r baby)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #987 ---
and this is after non farm payroll friday after close

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'm wondering what you all are thinking about the market, Is it changing?

It seems like the chf is acting differently at this point .

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Hi, can someone pls share the indicator/ or EA for the SL (pink) and TP (green) visual in the chart?  Thanks

--- 帖子 #989 ---
this is what i am looking for ,.. the graphic info for SL and TP ,.. also freehand drawing on the chart. I can seems to find both of these indicators. ANy help is appreciated. Thank you

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1616165668

--- 帖子 #990 ---
I also bought the NFP last Friday after the retest.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
dont know if anyone took my sorts in us30 and us500 but it is time to take some profit out, we stand at 4-5rr now and it was at 7r a few hours ago (50-60% would be good) and trail the stop loss they way i've shown in the past (they were based on 4hr so trail based oof 30m)

good luck to all

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Hi, if I am not mistaken, that is one of the function in Tradingview, not an indicator on MT4.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Thanks XiaoTiao .

--- 帖子 #994 ---
u might wanna sort UJ and Bitcoin on 4hrs

good luck

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Finally seems to have broken long term resistance?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #996 ---
stocks moved and keep moving as expected, uj and bitcoin the same.

bitcoin was a massive win today and uj is falling but slowly, move stops at break even and wait. stocks take 80% out now put stop at break even and hpe for a massive fall. i was expecting this to happen early september but here we go late september

AN from 2 weeks backs is still sitting in the lows but we should see a pullback on the dailly this week or the next. just wait for the setup

good luck

edit, am posting the charts for future reference

each trade is worth between 3+ rrr. us30 especially is above 12 right now if the whole trade was still kept open, you can check previous posts.

just more proof the the system works. see ya

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Hi Nik,

Hope all's well, in spite of all those wildfire disasters.

UJ's a decent setup.

Entered during Asian session, took half off at +30 pips (stop was 20 pips) and trailing the remaining half down to wherever the market's taking it.

Cheers,

LuXing

--- 帖子 #998 ---
good job mate

here is anothe take on pound that is likelly gonna trap loads of traders

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Yes, for sure cable's August low will be interesting.

I have not decided yet if I will trade the breakout to the downside, or play the mean reversion game.

Another 60-ish pips before it gets to this Point Of Interest.

M5,. M15, H1 and some James Brown on the menu until (and if) it makes it to this area...

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
been buying the pullbacks today.

mean reversion game as you said, scalping 1m. tommorrow is another day but i certainly wont go for a reversal trade or a break-out to the downside (at least in the next 2 days, it is already extended and my bet is to calm down and then continue)

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
UC

MY 2 TRADES PIC 1 (NOT THE BSEST ENTRIES BUT I DONT SPENT MY WHOLE DAY ON THE PC) MY BEST ENTRIES GET ME 4-5R++ THOSE 2 ARE FOR 1.5-2 and mre if i get lucky
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ANALYSIS from yesterday MONTHLY WEEKLY 4HR PIC 2-3-4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
is anyone anymore interested? cause if not i'll just stop posting setups. been giving quite a few trades on 4hrs and daily that anyone can follow if you know how to manage

au daily
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

pound 1m
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
FOMC today in 1 hour should help the trade get moving massivly.

i shoudl have got a better entry, had 2 days to see this setup but i wasnt watching the daily unfortunatly

gl

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Got the same entry, a bit earlier and lower than yours.  Let's see what gives...

Popcorn and audiovisual entertainment before the FED fireworks start.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
and as always....

news on our side  AU UC doin excellent, eu started moving we shall see what happens. my gu was 1m trade so i closed hours ago (would have entered again on the retest of the low but the spread was hilarious, the entry would be shit only because of that and the slippage)

(with a proper stop loss as i always say)

edit. this became rediculous. eu out at break even. uc au out for 1-1.3r

edit2. despite all the noise today, the structure n the big timeframes seem to be holding. will wait for tommorow and let the assian session unfold (i dont trust au during aussie session)

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Yes, love yr guidance. Pls keep them coming whenever u hv the time. Many thanks

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Keep them coming nikoskO, I took that US/cad trade which was another good one, I have never traded so profitable since I started reading your advice. It's awesome, please don't stop!

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
update on the trades i posted this month.

UJ win

us30 massive win

us500 massive win

bitcoin massive win

UC very good wins for now and we wait

au, eu running in profit currently at less than 1r. and we wait

if you find a loss let me know.

if you dont have confidence for the system and think all is hindsight, read the thread again

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

lets see what happens!

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
.others call it cup and handle i think

not my favourite setup but i expect a really bullish next week.

if i can get an entry for a smaller stop loss i will take it

usdchf.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

among others also i sorted bitcoin today and i stupidly got out when my ltf structure sifetd wuthout touching my stop loss.i wish i had waited for 1 hour cause the 4hr timeframe was perfect setup) these are mistakes that i do when i take an entry on one timeframe and then look at others and change my mind
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

between us, eu likelly contiuation down (failed to break previous 4hr high) and au up (it did break the 4hr high and now is back at the lows).

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
extra lesson. untill now we target the 2nd move for 1.5r of sorts.

on the 3rd move, target more than that.

4hrs different pairs at different times. works a charm

gl

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Great post! makes so much sense and still keeps the rules simple,

Have you ever thought of writing down a trading rules checklist for longs and shorts?

and How to use different time frames?

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
how do u calculate the lot sizes while martingale? what distance and what lot size?

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
personally i dont look at anything, the rules are on the first page

i know what i want and spot it on the  fly. also i dont only trade this system, i have a total of 5 or 6 different systems, one needs to co-exist with any of the other  and the rest are independent but some times they do co-exist.

the other systems were made to be used in shity markets conditions or 1 in particullar to keep me out of bad trades rather than give me signals but they are all as simple as market structure or even simpler. they basically have 1 or 2 rules so no need to write anything down.

(and you wont find them on the internet like structure, they do not exist nor do i wish to share them)

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
gj 4hrs + daily. u might wanna w8 for a better entry or maybe not. its up to you

gu at the edge of a cliff imo waiting for ltf to align fot a good rr cause its very extended down and i wouldnt go for anything less than 3rr

gl

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
start of the week as predicted for au and eu. manage ur trades accordingly.

that is the power of structure, nothing more is needed

gn

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
in contrast to what i said above on usdchf, i see a setup i take it, this was nice i didnt mind the htf

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Good trade!!

I don't even care about the HTFs these days. Some 5m or 15m trades will work out or fail regardless of what the HTFs are doing at that moment. It just adds extra confusion for me.

What i still can't get myself to ignore or overlook is an extended trend. I've missed a some good trades recently because i felt "price had trended in that direction for too long" only for it to end up selling almost 200 pips more. lol

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Today's pick: +17-ish pips.  HH, retrace to the 61 fib level, I initially aimed for previous day's high but the market being slow I got out earlier.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
there is oen way to enter and one way to keep the trade open (at least from my perspective) and they happen once per month per pair, or twice if lucky.

look at pics, do not mind the timeframe.

btw looking at htf you can get 5r +. not too often but you can (either by trailing or spiky pullbacks) check my us30 bitcoin uj uc trades in the last few pages.

i dont use htf to add confirmation, more like to target more rrr. my trailing is always on 5m timeframe

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
i wouldnt say dangerous trade, the setup was ok but i would wait for a better entry.

a win is win tho congrats!

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Hi,

this can be used also on 4h timeframe?

Thank!

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
gu + gj moved as predicted, manage ur trades, gj should now be at least 1r and gu minimum 2.5r. do not let them turn to loosers

if u are still long on au and eu i suggest to exit immediatly for either small profit or small losss. struvture for eu remains down on all timeframes and on au it has shifted down again. i still ike a bullish move on eu but its very risky trade

gl

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
previous analysis

and

.

.

.

uc sort

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
pound previous analysis

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
ok, apart from au and eu that did not give profit at worst case you got a small loss, if you followed me this month you should have made shit loads. i wont keep this up for too long, i;d rather sell it (givin out trades i mean), take it while its here and learn while i am here

gl

all timeframes, i dont know about the monthly and i do not trade the weekly. not possible to backtest with so little data on thoise timeframes

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Took gbp/yen trade bye looking at weekly all the way down to 15 min for entries.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just closed a portion of this trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
I was looking for an add on trade that never did trigger but the point is that we can use market structure to add on to existing trades in the direction of the trend which is a method that I have been looking for and have found due to this thread.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
another pretty good trade overnight!

again looking at all time frames from weekly to 15 minute for entry ,exit and stop loss.

Actually took entry from 5 minute chart.

This could be a really good spot for an add on trade now!

Lets see what happens!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Could have managed this trade better . Can't win them all, all comments appreciated.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Drifted to a pair I don't normally trade , Good lesson!

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Move bearish GJ moves???

M =

W =

D = Ranging

H4 = Bearish

H1 = Bearish

M15 =

M5 =

M1 =

********************

Black = Monthly

Red = Weekly

Green = Daily

Yellow = H4

SkyBlue = H1

Orange = M30

NavyBlue = M15

Pink = M5

Purple = M1

********************

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
We certainly wish you would stay but we appreciate all you have done and certainly can not blame you for monetizing your skills. I'm sure you need it with all you have been thru. You have put the final touches on my trading that I was missing, I'm not searching anymore, Just trading.

What's been so good about this thread is there are no trolls hear and could be because there is no reason because everyone should be making money.

Personally I have only taken 2 small losses since I found you and your great trading Idea's.

So my hat's off to you with a tip of the glass!

CHEERS!

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
may be you are right price will go more down but i will watch my ptz (attached ) significant zones (look left )my bigger picture until break left sig zones

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
coulb be could be not, weekly is tricky, still on bullish move and no clean rejections

ea is a pain in the ass for me, i dont trae it at all anymore. an is better on 4hrs

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
I am short on this pair but I have already taken 80% of my profits, I did a small add on trade and moved my stop so even this portion will end profitable. but if you look at these levels price has hit them and been significantly rejected 4 times in the last 6 month's. also do you think this is a downtrend or uptrend?

I have been shorting this for month's now but it has to break these levels to continue lower but it also could be a reversal to the upside. at this point I think we need a lower low to continue shorting  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

moved my stop to breakeven on second trade locking in profit, will it break thru these levels or turn?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'm out! can't see playing at these levels, still had 2 to 1 on my add on trade. There were actually 4 trades total and all winners. now looking for new HH or LL. on this pair

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Easy 3R in less than 30mins on UJ 5m. But for some reason i was not confident enough to enter the trade at that entry level (Green Fib). Turned out to be perfect.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Is this what's referred to as Wyckoff market phases?

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
same old same old...

do you markings beforehand on the pairs you are interested in and when price touches your entry, get in with no fear. system works, trust it. like the 934rex fellow does.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
oh and yeah. one loss on uc sort for closing out september.

2 break even or small losses at au and eu

uc 1 loss.

and about 20-25rr total on the (i dont remmber how many) winning trades i posted.

us30 us500 and bitcoin were at least 5r each

uj gj were about 2-3rr each

pound was 3r+

i dont remember the rest, just search the last 4-5 pages if you are interested on checking out

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
these were the trades prety much. i do not give signals so it was more up to you to take them on the right time

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
anyone with me on the uc sort i posted on post https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...7#post13729137 ??

3r n counting. took half out just now and stop at be
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

actually i got a lot more than 3r since i did a fast scale-in on 1m you'll see below but the basic trade is the previous one, not the one below

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
after some research i think it is working

thank you

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Great trading nikoskO!

Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Great calls. Free money

Henn is probably the only one crazy enough to wait weeks for that 13R trade to hit target though.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
if u know what ur doing you just go in n out, not easy though, not even for me and i as well am not patient enough to wait that much. but yeah it was free money, i wonder if anyoneone took any of the trades though

i got a 3 stage plan for uj next week. first long then sort.

you can follow if u want or anyone else.

1. break the 1hr high

2. retest the low or near it.

3. buy and target 4hr high or a little lower, trail

4.sort again

both trades should give a min of 2.5r but we need to see what we want to see first and thewn take the trades.

the image is just an example of what i want to see. i am not a magician to know what will happen

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
If price actually goes back to your planned short price zone and actually begins to sell off, there's plenty room for a beautiful fall. I'll def be watching.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
bitcoin analystists say what u see below in the news.

i say what i read in charts.

reason why i didnt sort again and why i dont care about news at all.

if you even need explnation on other pairs let me know, i just accidentally spoted this and hapened to have tr4aded bitcoin recently
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
gold 1m long position. stops at be, position at 1.5r and trailing to a tp of about 5r if lucky.

30m plan as well. havent traded gold in a very long time, i just happened to be there to take the setup since there was nothing all day in the other pairs i was lookin at

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
gold out for 3.2rr

now au sort

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
uj gave the long position as per post https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...9#post13729979

you should already be at break even if you took the trade.  (i didnt happened fast and didnt catch it and i dont like pending orders)

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
HA HA!

Probably true!

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
eu 1m

nice clean and easy zero dd entry.

ps. if you took the sort on au, put stops at break even for now. no-one can tell what will happen during qassia session (you have been warned)

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
btw this lines i only draw them with mmy printscreen program for you to see. my chart is crystal clean, i do not use them

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
au + uj before n after

on gold the long did well, the sort didnt give a setup to taki it

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
thats a hell of a lot time wating. position trading nahhh, not for me...

and i cant even tell if it works or not, not enough data for me as i have said in the past, but the principals should be the same

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
most of my trades wont last longer than 10-12 hours.

i trade from 15seconds charts up to the 4hr. (15s 1m 3m 5m 30m and 4hr)

1m is my prefered one but i dont always have the time to trade it. (the need to be on the screen for hours till a perfect setup appears is exhausting. with a 2-3 pip stop and a 10-30 pip target)

in general i trade all timeframes depending on my mood. the smaller the timeframe the more money i can make but i get tired easilly and do not do it more than 1-2 days per week

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
I agree that on smaller time frames takes up way more screen time and can be more rewarding but if we can find trades that people can see on multiple timeframes long and short term levels that match up ,we can spend less time with less stress and still do really well and also have time for the better things in life. like family and friends!

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
UJ H4
https://www.tradingview.com/x/wDkLdI51/

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
btc etherioum and stocks likelly for a drop with nfp today

stops at previous highs on the daily tf

pound and euro still bearish. watch itdont trade it.  use mean reversion after the next drop. dont trade now. danger and traps lurk around the corner.

gl

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
i took the sort on uj. grabed 3r out of it. will see next week what happens next. for now its a rangebound situation, we let others give us direction and then we jump in

some scalping on 15s gu for fun

and a sort running on us30  (could hit sl, dont mind it is only 0.5r, the rest of the day has me covered)

thats is all and i am done for the week.

ps. stops should already be at be for the crypto. proctect your capital even it is just 0.5r (bitcoin should be 1r at least now)

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

15s pound easy money if fast enough
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
I agree! Great advice! cautious price levels. Start fresh next week.

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
good, I share this indicator in case it is useful, if it bothers or you tell me something and I delete it, greetings

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
i am long from the bottom but i couldnt post it since it is not a structure trade.

structurewise, your sort setup looked ok but it did have a big fatal flow on an already extended market (btw, the fact that to me is extended does not neceserilly mean that it actually is)

the LL wasnt clean or big enough for that matter and the daily tf had potential for an up move.

all indicators should read divergence on the 4hr and the daily tf as well as oversold. not that i trade with indis but most of the time i know what they say by looking at the charts
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

for me to be correct, i need this to break so i can keep my trade open. if it does not break i will get out.

also fomc today, the move at night should be massive.

good luck Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
I'm trying your indicator but I remove the zig zag by using no color and just using HH,HL,LL,LH tags for a reminder. let's see how it goes.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
So another trade triggered! Should be interesting with the upcoming news, Lets se what happens.

This is the zig zag indi withe HH,LL,HL,LH. I put no color on the actual zig zag line. It's interesting and very busy putting labels on some pretty insignificant waves . first time I tried it so may leave it for a little longer but not sure. It does remind me of the rules but we still need to visually verify these price levels Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is with HL & LH set to the background color which is black in my case. This is what nikoskO suggested and I think it's a lot better for our purposes
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
TRY REMOVING THE LH AND HL

we dont use them anyway. sorry for capps

loogs good enough for an indi though. it does mark insignificant levels but its kinda ok for starters

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Ok I will!

This is with the exdepth parameter set from 5 to 9 which takes out some of the insignificant HH and LL and this number can be played with to make it more or less sensitive to the price waves. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and this was with the exdepth parameter set at 5 which is default and with the LH and HL blacked out to the background color like above pic
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
just my opinion.

i stayed  put of the markets this week. cant trade such strong trends. 1 win on eu for 7r and 3 losses for 1.5r combined.

(since the setup was there and i had 7r bancked i didnt want to give back. the setups where ok on the tf i took them but htf had another opinion)

maybe i will trade some pullbacks later today

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Nik, i think you also use Tradingview. Is it just me or are all the forex pairs inactive on the platform at this time?

second time it's happening to me this week. Prices are stagnant, not changing.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
i ddint check today after ny open.

but tradingview uses data from selected brokers. maybe the broker had the problem.

i prefer saxo when available. fxtm created gaps from time to time and the others are tricky.

check what u got

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
So My trade didn't trigger ,, it's still possible but this trade looks like it's ready to go. I personally won't just jump in as I will stick to my plan even if I miss the trade but let's see what happens. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

missed it 3 times so far!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
i bought 2 times. seems the indi made a major misclculation.

see where i marked the hh

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
A good example for NOT using any indicator. As i can see you do not need any of them. Keep your way clean.

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
I feel Market structure is more than enough for trading. Provided we have a different strategy to enter the trade. I usually look at higher time market structure to be in line with the time I am trading in. So if I am looking at 30 minute chart and see anything trade able, I will jump and get a idea or what H1 and H4 market structure is. This has helped my in longer term. More or so in understanding where my  lower time market structure stands against the bigger picture.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
just added 2 more funded accounts to my arsenal of funds for trading. (passed second stage evaluation on both, havent recieved the live accoutns just yet)

first account took me 11 days for both stages second took me 21 days for both stages.

i traded them differently to reduce the risk of blowing either of them they just happenede to finish togeter (with a difference of 1 hour)

wish u all the best and if u dont have the funds to trade a live account, get funded as a lot of people do without risking your own.

we ll as long as this type of bussiness can last before it gets illegal or falls apart (cause it mostly is a ponzi sceme of sorts)

good luck

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
So I live in the northeast U.S and went without power for a few days and unable to check my trades . I read some comments about the indicator and do not disagree as I am more or less giving it a test run and agree that it is not needed .

I had a trade trigger and figured I would post it as an ongoing live trade.

Let's see what happens!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Took 2/3 of my profits before target due to upcoming news , events and the fact that price seems to be hesitating at this level and will let the rest of this trade run.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I usually try to hold till profit target.

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
I'ts not clear what you take as LL it  the LL of the whole structure or latest LL? (same apply with HH)

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Thats great! Good job!

Can you give us some info on how and where to get funded?

Trading on multiple accounts with other peoples money seems like a great Idea and a way to ramp up profits with out all the risk.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
check out this thread.
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...-prop-firm-hub

ftmo + myforexfunds are the way to go imo.

do some researchnon their programs and see what suits u best

gl

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Thanks for the info !

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
This trade finally broke out, It took a long time as it triggered on oct.27th, There was some good news this week for the USD but it still wasn't moving , Turned out to be a great trade. Sometimes we have to be patient!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Another trade triggered! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
explains really well
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
TP hit overnight!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
That was excellent!

Straight and on point.

Thanks for helping us!

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Time to take my final profits and look for new entries! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
lets see what happens!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Hello guys. Does it look good for short? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Trade explanation on the picture. I am also still in the phase where I learn new things, because you can never know enough, so I am open to questions and comments, and plead for a respectful interaction. Thank you!

AUDUSD analysis 1h and 15m. Short trade.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Short trade on EURUSD M15. Based on Market structure

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
AU short trade.

Setting my stop loss to breakeven. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Possible short trade. The market is on a very strong level, while also filling the imbalance from the previous day. Our directional bias is also on the short side. The market is doing lower lows and higher lows.

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
I found this one a while ago. I hope it helps

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Hi Nikosk0

thank you so much for creating this thread and taking the time to help. I can finally see something on the market. yes, now it's training because I make basic mistakes that only with experience makes a difference.

thanks again

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Thread suffering loss of interest?

Visit the real thing

Search YouTube for (copy & paste)

The Market Structure Trader

Absolutely FREE streaming, twice daily for FREE

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
hi again yall.

yesterday i registered a "copy trading account" for anyone that would like to follow and make some money.

since i am not of the likes that get paid by tutoring / coaching / mentoring and all that bs, subscription fee is 1€ monthly and registration fee 1€ one time charge. (unfortunatly i could not set it at 0, system would not allow it)

i would like to only get paid by the profits made and this is a way for me to kind of increase my capital and help others make some money.

so minimum deposit is 500€ of witch i get 40% of the profits.

i would prefer you to set autoscale and multiplication value = 1 or less and only allow it to open new trades and not the ones currently running

the account i am using is basically risking a lot, and instead of having my entire capital in the account, i only have inside what i am willing to risk for the entire month. so drawdowns are big 10-20-30%

so another thing i would prefer you to do, is start with small capital (hence the 500 minimum deposit) and increase from there if you want.

attached you will find the pdf with the intructions from my broker TMGM.

all you have to do, is open a classic account on https://www.tmgm.com/en with leverage 1:500 or more and register on trading tools ->TMGM signal trading as a follower of the strategy named "panathinaikos"

below are some metrics of my methods (and everything is manual, not automated)

i cant guarrantee that you wont loose your money, i do make money but nothing is ever certain in forex. thats why i suggest you start small and just forget it and let it grow on its own.

ps. i am not affiliated with TMGM and i am not getting paid by them for this. i only get a cut of the profits you make if you follow my strategy, nothing more, nothing less.

ps2. you see that i hold some trades for days, that is because i dont scalp anymore and i prefer to set and forget. therefore not all entries are the best and a lot of times they do go against me for a while before they turn around

ps3. image with current trade open on chfjpy

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
this week's close

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
in my profile you can see my trade expoler for this system if you would like to copy my trades. i only get paid by taking 40% of the profits. no subscription fees for now

https://www.forexfactory.com/nikosk0#acct.42


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Trade Manager EA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3897413?d=1616539406
Trade Manager EA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3897424?d=1616539699
PriceAlert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3902125?d=1617061840
PriceAlert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3902126?d=1617061840
Buy 10.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3904815?d=1617286805
Sell 10.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3904816?d=1617286806
Price Action.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3906237?d=1617418313
SDX-TzPivots_v4.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3915796?d=1618490697
SDX-TzPivots_v4.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3915797?d=1618490698
MarksMidPivots.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3943789?d=1621506742
MarksPivots.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3943790?d=1621506743
GetFractals.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3945680?d=1621708448
Zig Zag text .ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3945681?d=1621708449
PriceAlert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3966220?d=1623833877
PriceAlert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3966221?d=1623833878
Pivot_Voty-2 ALERT.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3966231?d=1623834548
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3970880
S4T_DaysOfTheWeek.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3984898?d=1625796733
GBP JPY 1H ACCU DZ ABCD COMPLETE 5 MIN DZ ACCU.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4047981?d=1632932180
ZigZag_HH-HL-LH-LL_B.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4055412?d=1633701011
ZigZag_HH-HL-LH-LL_B.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4055413?d=1633701012
RiskReward_Ratio_TradingView_like_v0.1j.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4159319?d=1646720516
RiskReward_Ratio_TradingView_like_v0.1j.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4159320?d=1646720516
TMGM Signal Trading Manual - EN (3).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4648553?d=1707411121
