===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Hello FF,

Its been about half a decade since I first dropped in here and have never looked back since. Met some wonderful people all along and progressed leaps and bounds with my trading education.

Here's some of it right back:

A bit about me and my style

I am 23 years old and downloaded my first demo mt4 at 18. Since my time here at FF, I have gone through many different trading systems, some of which are still active today and kicking along as they should. The real breakthrough came about when I dropped by the James16 thread and the rest is really memorable history.

For quite some time I wouldn't consider myself a true trader if I wasn't looking at my charts 6 hours a day with at least 10-15 trades per day. It was not until a couple of years that I realized I wasn't meant to be a trader on the m5.

I trade the daily the 4H and the 1H TF. I don't need 10 hours a day in front of charts anymore. In fact 2-4 hours is all I need. I am no longer fighting the "noise" of news spikes and short term order flow. I am no longer exposing my capital to 10 trades a day. I have on my watch list as many pairs as my broker offers. Around here you will find charts ranging from majors to the most exotic pairs. Well price is price and it doesn't change its course of action in exotic markets and for that matter even in the non-FX markets.It is not uncommon for me to be watching 50+ pairs at any given time and yeah I still need a handful of hours to take/manage trades.

I primarily trade Support and Resistance as taught at the James16 group. However I only use the knowledge in an indirect way in validating and managing trades. My "system" is different to the conventional james16 stuff to an extent yet its still a pure modification of the material itself through ideas and research work of the very senior members at the group and at Forex Factory forums in general.

The Basics of the method

Foreword

By putting the material contained in this post I have assumed that my audience has had at least some kind of exposure to the James16 group either at the public thread at forex factory or at the private forum. While this system is not about a direct application of the James16 material it is primarily a modification of it with the core still very much intact and in its original form. This method will be best assimilated by someone who has a good idea of how we look at our charts at the James16group.

Identification of swing points

These are defined, in plain and simple terms as points in the market where price took a U turn, either for the longer term (reversal) or for an elongated correction/pull back.

These are not difficult to spot on the chart at all. Here's a chart to get you going...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Simple enough?

Introduction to the fake out

We know there are two types of traders participating in these markets. The novice trader that is under capitalized and is pretty naive when it comes to trading knowledge. And then there are the real big pros, the hedge funds, the banks and other institutions who know their stuff and have really big accounts. These 'cool' traders however suffer from a major problem that stems from the size of their account. The problem of liquidity. The FX markets are amongst the most liquid markets in the world yet there still is a problem when a hedge fund wants to sell 10,000,000 units of EUR/USD at resistance where obviously others are willing to short as well. You see why? How many traders do you think want to long in a market that is heading towards resistance? This poses a serious problem and these guys will then take some measures to get rid of this problem. These are smart people BTW. They break their position sizes into smaller lots and execute it at closely bound price levels instead of clicking a 10,000,000 position size at a single price level.They also artificially create buy side liquidity in the market by targeting the novice traders.

Small positions selling into support and buying into resistance, create the "buzz". Or just simply pulling off all orders leaving a vacuum for retail traders to push price through. Enough manipulation to lure traders into thinking price is headed for a break of support/resistance. The breakout traders start jumping in. At resistance for instance, traders short in the market who most likely will have their stops above resistance or below support (the pros know it all!) start to freak out and their stops start getting hit creating more buy side liquidity (a stop loss on a short order is actually a long). By creating an artificial scenario in the market the pro traders have managed to, like a sheep dog, get the herd where they want them to be.

They can now pull out their long positions and start dumping their huge short orders on traders willing to now buy into a breakout that is going to be a fake one. Now guess what? All those traders that jumped in long will start hitting their stop losses because the big orders are propelling price south and which creates more selling in the market to take price down (long traders will close their trades by selling their positions), but the pros are already in and any selling pressure now is just adding cash to their wallets. Some smart folks and james16 are probably looking at pin bar showing this very information and are short too WITH THE BIG BOYS. DO you now see how the 95% of losing traders are filling up the pockets of the remaining 5%? The naive trader lost when he was short at resistance. He also lost when he thought he could catch a smooth break out.

These pros have nothing against retail traders. Its like a huge ocean where survival for the big fish means consuming smaller fish. Its a zero sum game after all.

So what does a fake out look like on a chart?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At a strong area of support or resistance you'll often see price moving sharply to notify a breakout and either on the same bar or on the next few bars will sharply pull back into the swing point. It will either leave behind a wick or a few dead bars (low range indecision bars) showing a strong move up (like you would see in a break out) followed by a complete reversal back into res/supp.

What I said above is good knowledge for someone really interested in going behind the backdrop to take a sneak peak of "behind the scenes" but its perfectly ok to be comfy in an audience seat ready and tuned in for the action as and when it happens.

Enough of the details of the chemical composition of bread and butter...let's get down to earning some.

The system explained

How do you convert this market knowledge into a consistent solid trading method:

You simply wait for price to approach a major swing point. A point in the market you know a bunch of traders will have their eyes on. They may be anticipating different things though hence the "market imperfection" and that is what gives you the edge.

For a short setup price must make a move higher than the highest high in that period of resistance (I call it the HHR - short for Highest High of Resistance) and fail to close above resistance, preferably on the same bar i.e leaving behind a "wick".

Similarly for Long I am looking for a move below the LLS (Lowest Low of Support) that fails to sustain itself and closes back above leaving behind a wick.

ENTRY

Entry would be at the close of the fake out bar. Since it can some times be far away from the source itself (in case of a long spike where price closes further away from the HHR/LLS) a good idea is to wait for a pull back (happens often) to the HHR/LLS via a pending order once the fake out bar forms. Obviously the latter strategy might lead you to missing a few trade setups because while price will often pull back at least once to the HHR/LLS after the fake out bar forms it won't do it all the time. For me, It almost always boils down to the grade of the setup itself and the distance from the source that is in question. If I find its a setup off of a great area I might not wait for a pull back and enter on the close itself, other times I will wait with a pending order at the HHR/LLS. Of course the case where you get a fake out close, close enough the HHR/LLS an entry on the bar close itself is totally justified.

STOP LOSS

A fake out setup, as per this method is NOT over unless you get a close beyond the fake out bar high/low. period.

Enough literature out there and your charts too, if you do your homework, spell out that a fake out is most meritorious up to the point where price fails to respect the order flow that created the fake out. Most often this is illustrated by a strong close beyond the fake out bar high/low. Other times price literally does just this (i.e close beyond the fake out high/low) and totally reverse right back so as to comply with the order flow that created the fake out.

There really is no way to say for sure when exactly is a fake out setup invalidated. Its important to understand that a certain level of ambiguity and grey areas have to be deliberately left out to make the market imperfect enough to allow for the edges to exist. Think about it, if fake outs as a phenomena was exactly repetitive each time "the edge" for the pros that it represents would be gone. Remember a lot of small fish need to be wrong to feed a single large fish.

Again -> A fake out setup, as per this method is NOT over unless you get a close beyond the fake out bar high/low.

This is probably a good benchmark to give your method the rules it rests on. It is is usually unlikely for a fake out to work out if price goes against the direction of the fake out and closes strongly. NOT ALWAYS...I said USUALLY.

Interestingly it poses another major problem. Waiting for a bar to actually close beyond the fake out bar high/low is essentially keeping your stop loss totally open until you get a close beyond the fake out bar high/low. This could be detrimental specially if you are day trading. Furthermore it obviously makes position sizing calculations complex because you are unaware of the exact pips and you can only roughly guesstimate a position size.

My stop loss (a hard literal one) is placed arbitrarily a few pips beyond the high/low of the fake out bar. Again there are no hard and fast rules here, I could go a bit tight or a bit loose depending on the situation and also on the size of the wick of the fake out bar. Foe example if my HHR/LLS lines line up with a RN I can use it as an additional cushion and go real tight on the stop loss to enjoy a better R:R.

As far as stops go you have to go with your gut feel driven by your evaluation of the setup itself and the ongoing market action. This is easier said than done because decisions on stops are usually the ones that involve the most emotions. Where gut feel is involved experience comes in big time, and I can't stress this enough, that you must practice, practice and practice this method till you start to anticipate market action over and above your emotions.

Being an order flow method, how good you do with it depends not on the rules as much as it does on your grasp of price action and order flow dynamics. This is why I feel knowing the James16 stuff is such a HUGE ADVANTAGE!

EXIT

Another crucial aspect. Depending on the strength of the setup I will either exit at the first MAJOR S/R area in the way or prefer to hold on to see if it can blow through (for stronger setups)

At the James16 group we discuss the concept of "space vs traffic". The idea that a trade that is running into fewer bar highs and lows and HCR/LCS levels has far more potential than a trade in traffic. Traffic here is defined as cramped up space with close by trouble areas specially when you're trading straight into a period of consolidation or into a major PPZ.

"Decent space" is a crucial requirement for me, and unless the other factors are tipped heavily in my favor (very STRONG swing point, large fake out bar wick) a setup that is heading into traffic is rejected.

Link to the video channel:

GFX Trading - Mastering the Art of Trading

Links to Important posts:

Explanation of the "fake out phenomena" through a past trade --> post#45

Hazards of trading in a strong trending market --> post#46 , post#221

Dealing with different 4H/Daily bar closes on different feeds --> post#48

What is a "First Trouble Area" --> post#64

Understanding the "Bigger Picture" --> post#68

Space - An important consideration for your trades --> post#84

Using the idea of "multiple confirmations" on fake out setups on lower time frames --> post#101 , couple of good examples of the same --> post#111

I am purely a technical trader -->post#198

How far to the left should one look for a swing point to take a fake out trade off of --> post#242

I am giving away the tricks of the pros, this should agitate them and importantly stop the system from working, or will it? --> post#249

Dealing with spread issues on exotic pairs --> post#255

Is a setup dead when price hits the SL? --> post#300

Important posts compilation from a group member Max Pain --> post#334

Liquidity Equilibrium vs disequilibrium --> Post#460

Trading off of Single bar swing points vs multiple highs/lows (i.e an S/R "zone") --> post#615 , post#616

--- 帖子 #2 ---
I know reading a lot of text can be daunting and I am absolutely sure that at least some part of what I wrote is still unclear or is ambiguous.

Let's take a look at a lot of fake out setups and see what is good/bad about them so as to apply all the material "in text" on a chart to see how it can translate into a winning method for us.

Some golden short and long setups:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you assimilated at least some of the information I gave in the earlier sections you would clearly understand what the wicks here are telling you and why, at areas of prime importance, these can give you a good idea of the bigger game in the market.

On a side note, for all james16ers who ever wondered why a pin bar works the way it does, it basically follows the same underlying principles of taking out stops in the market. If you can learn to pick only the bigger supp/res zones that really matter and nail them down using your price action bars you are on your way to building a nice equity worm.

You should notice a few things about these charts. For one these are daily charts. I have applied fake outs successfully all the way from the weekly to m1 and ranging from majors to minors and even other markets. However the precision of the phenomena on a higher time frame chart like a daily is unmatched to an intra day counter part. We will take this subject up in more detail a little later...

You will also see that I use a moving average. The EMA I use is the 150 EMA which is part of the base system taught at the james16group. Without getting off on a tangent all I'll say is that I use it for additional confluence for support and resistance. The BASE goes a step ahead and put more weight to a touch of the EMA after some time or the first time after a cross.Now there is obviously more to the base system in the true sense but I only use a particular part of the BASE i.e the 150 EMA that I feel fit and complimentary to my method.

Notice also that out of several swing points I have shown you setups based only on very deep swing points. Since these are daily charts its not often that you see price testing deep major swing points, and for that purpose these golden trades are rare, but when they come by they are simply MONEY IN THE BANK.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
You'll now see how fake outs can be applied to slightly minor swing points too with success using a little more of the available market information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #4 ---
How about some intra day charts?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #5 ---
When I started off nothing seemed more thrilling than watching charts. Day trading was an obvious attraction. I would vomit at the thought of having to take a trade or less in a week. 10 trades a day was more like it. One of the major reasons why this business takes so long to succeed at is because of the time you need to spend discovering your true "comfort zone" as opposed to your perceived "comfort zone".

It took me a while to realize I wasn't meant to day trade. In spite of this  I have traded this fake out method on the lower time frames for a short while. The nature of this method is aggressive, and as the last chart illustrates it's certainly not for the faint hearted!

I will not shy to state that the confidence I have behind this system has its roots on the higher time frames. I simply didn't do too well on the lower time frames possibly because of my own emotional/psychological constraints.

That said I won't discourage anyone in love with day trading to go ahead and apply it on lower time frames. As you've already seen, and as more homework should reveal, this stuff works across time frames and even across markets. Its an order flow/ price action method. The human race will need to evolve into something totally different to stop order flow and market dynamics to work the way they have been working for hundreds of years.

g.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Here's a recent trade I took. I just closed this out a couple of hours ago.

Fake out of a lovely swing high with close under the 2.00 big round number which added to the confluence on the trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Thank you ghous for taking the time to post those charts, very useful indeed!

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Thinking the same,

been watching for the last 10 years (I'm 28, studied economics, worked as an analyst -> left daytime job, became a full-time trader)

I removed almost all indicators from my graphs.

I call your "fakes" ->  "bear trap" / "bull trap".

I can only give you 1 advice:
use 100 Tick charts for entries/exits when you feel you should enter a trade.

You could perfect your entries/exits that way.

or use 2 screens.

edit: tick charts help you determine the speed / acceleration of momentum, also the change in trend -> low lows / lower highs etc.

just study for 1-2 day at a reversal, you'll see what I mean

Wish you the best.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
@Hughmac,

Thanks for the compliment. Glad you found it useful.

@openyoureyes,

Thanks for the piece of advice. I haven't used tick charts before for my trading. Maybe you could post a chart or two to explain how these tick charts heelp you over normal time charts?

g.

--- 帖子 #10 ---
To be content with your style of trading is to master the art of trading.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
I will come back with a better example as I don't have tick chart open right now. (opening it now)

Basically 100 tick chart shows price / momentum because as you can see at the X axis of the graph; time is not equally distributed. (unlike normal charts)

This means with just one look at the chart:

you can see strength of sellers / buyers

momentum / strength of trend.

also supply / demand levels are different for time based charts - tick charts.

(black and white - > 100 tick E/U

other one 5min E/U)

I use tick charts before major news, to get a good price after trend changes / also for identifying bull/bear traps...

Just like you I use 1D/1H for tracking / trend determination,

but I use 15m / tick charts for perfect entries...

Anyway like I said I'll come up with a better example.

edit: 100 tick chart = each candle closes after 100 price tick undependant of time

--- 帖子 #12 ---
You have justified that the two charts are different and why but I still can't decipher why tick charts are "more accurate" for picking fake out entries/exits than time charts.

Maybe that better example from you would make it clearer.

g.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Gold chart M15. Support lines drawn.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
subscribed

and

good luck with your thread!

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Gold Update!

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Subscribed!

--- 帖子 #17 ---
That is probably the purest truth i have read here on FF. I like your philosophy.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Fantastic thread mate!  Subscribed.

Thanks for starting this up.

--- 帖子 #19 ---
never used tick charts... but You intrigued me  realy hooked ...https://www.prorealtime.com/en/x-tick-charts

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Tradeinterceptor.com is also ok.

Many prof. use tick charts...

Try 100 tick

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Great Job Ghous.

Looking forward to the thread developing.

Looks like your GBP/NZD and the NZD/CHF I took, ended up in a similar situation of stalling out.

Which is ok as, we had closed them out & taken profit, before it stalled and reversed back to out entries.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Still I see no connection to the trading principles presented by the OP.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Hey Asim,

Not bad at all.

My only concern would be with the time frame itself. M15 isn't where you want to first start practicing the method. I would start with the higher time frames and slowly work my way down if I am really that hooked to intra day trading.

g.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Yeah well 1.98 was always going to be a major trouble area for price. That swing point there is really sticking out.

g.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
You look lost friend.

You can't just start littering anybody's thread with your glorious system. Take it to a thread of your own.

I'll have to report these posts.

g.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Relax Steve,

He'll be gone soon and his traces removed.

g.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
My guess would be the opposite. Shorter time frames provide more opportunities, that are needed for the practice. After practicing for a while and having some confidence built, the transition towards longer time frames is natural to me, because of the bigger rewards. By the way, have you tried to trade a valid setup from a longer time frame by looking for entries on a shorter one?

--- 帖子 #28 ---
The only reason you would need lots of setups in a short period of time right at the beginning would be to "accelerate" your learning process at the costs of having to deal with the extra noise, the lower strike rate, and the need to be making decisions nearly instantaneously. Not that it can't be managed, but its obviously easier, at least initially, to have sufficient time to analyze a trade setup before taking it/managing it and having to avoid the extra noise to focus on the bigger picture and work on getting the consistency going. Its just more natural to want to start off on the slower stages of the game before proceeding to the more challenging faster stages.

g.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Oh and PS The longer time frames don't provide the "bigger rewards". More pips perhaps yes, but the returns, specially on individual trades cannot be compared with lower time frames. Like I mentioned though, higher time frames have other advantages and are almost a tailor made for newbies and experts alike.

Also please bear in mind that I am only talking with respect to, and in the context of my own method. Not generalizing anything.

g.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
That's what I meant.

And yes, it does come at a cost. Personally, I would probably pick some middle ground - not too fast so I have enough time to spot/prepare a trade, not too slow so I have enough setups to practice on. Then I would phase to H4/D1, aiming for bigger pips. But that's just my personal take, of course.

All the best bro, keep up the good work. Your thread is among the precious few that are more than worth reading.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Let's see what this does today.

Did not spend enough time away from the level in my opinion but, it does not prevent us from watching how it behaves & learning from it.

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Thank you for this thread. God bless you.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Thx so much for this thread, awesome method

I just have a question, I hope this is not a dummy one :-) let's say your HHR is 1,0, price goes thru and makes new high at 1,2, then the retracement starts...Do you still look at 1,0 now as the support....Hope you get my english

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Nope, this system is using the swing points and the failure of the bar to close above as the entry.

Once a bar closes above or below a level, it is a sign to get out.

Not quite as simple as that though, you still need to be aware of PPZ, RNZ and other confluence factors to enter.

Remember, this system is looking for failures at places where most people are going to want to take the opposite side of the trade, we are making.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
thx Pinbar, you just made very clear explanation

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Hey Ghous and Pinbar.... so if a fakey occured on AUD/USD 4H, would this be a good position? I dont mean a good trade,  i just wanna know if I understand the idea ..THX

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Yeah, but it is not a very deep swing point and the FTA is close.

You would also have to wait for the H4 bar to close before entering.

Spend a couple of weeks just quickly scanning all the pairs on the Daily TF, it takes me about 10 mins to scan 80 pairs and find only pairs that price is currently in the vicinity of a setup.

Like Ghous said though, it has been a weird month and we are in the last few days of this trading month so, perfect opportunity to look at the daily.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Thx Pinbar, I know I must wait for the close... I understand what you have said, thx for being such a great guy

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Not a great guy at all, just remember how people helped me.

The close is also important, we do not really want to see something like a bullish PB or BEOB at these levels.

It makes the SL too wide as, the SL goes below the low of a fake out bar+ spread and we do not exit the trade by getting the SL taken out, we wait for a close below the LLS swing point. It is whichever comes first, the close below the level or the SL getting hit. for a bullish setup.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
I guess EUR/AUD on daily has some potential

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Hi ghous,

one point I would like to highlight is that the Daily and H4 candles may be very different from a broker to an other as the day starts at different times depending on the broker. And as the close price plays a big role then it may affect quite much the trades. What is your experience on this (I suppose that traders in James16 group use many different brokers).

On the other side H1 candles are pretty much the same on different brokers. Because of this wouldn't the be better candidates to spot the fake breakout?

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Ghous once told me that New York is the most accepted "closing time" in forex. However "what you miss on one broker you gain at another one" - so at the end the results will be the same. (The second was said by james16)

But the same is with the daily close though...

Hope this helps

Stephen

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Nice RN but, too much consolidation has been going on, below the level for my liking.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Wht a noble attempt....  THank you Ghous!

Im yet to complete my reading... but couldn't help putting in a few words of appreciation for you taking time to teach us all. Th'ats very nice of you....!

thanks a lot for your effort... time and your willingness to share knowledge!

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Support and resistance specially the flip where support turns into resistance and vice versa are among the most fundamental and foundational phenomenon that the market action, or price action as we like to refer to it as, is based.

If price breaks through an HHR area and on the retrace holds up at it as support, then clearly this is not a fake out scenario.

What we are looking for, is price to move beyond the HHR, hit the stops as well as the big block of orders and fall back. If this is true selling coming in and a fake out in the making then price shouldn't find it troublesome to move smoothly back into the HHR level and close below it.

As an example here is a former trade I took. Notice how price closed strongly above at first, but then next bar pops right back down without holding up at the HHR. This is very telling about the strength of the selling pressure that's coming in. A retest of the HHR from under occurs before the selling continues to confirm resistance at the HHR. Textbook stuff really.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
This is something that I will be getting into very soon when I get well from this stupid food poisoning.

The triggers to this method lye in spotting a swing point, demarcating an LLS/HHR and simply watching for a failed attempt to break it. This will always be very easy to spot. Bear in mind that the bigger and more critical aspect to successfully executing this method is the sound understanding of "the bigger picture". Something that comes with a lot of practice.

Now with the EUR/AUD example you showed. I see a swing high and an HHR and I see that we may have a possible fake out off of it. But ask yourself this. Is that a major former sell off area to be considering to take a short off during this strong an up trend? It took me quite a few painful burns to understand that this method was best suited to a sideways market. By nature this is a "counter trend method" and you'll find yourself in a lot of trouble if you start shorting up trends based off minor swing points.

You will have people bragging about the pips they bagged during a trending market based on an MA touch/cross system. Come a sideways period and most systems will turn on their heads. This method I have always experienced to be at its finest best (both with number of opportunities as well as the reliability) when the market is sideways. Don't get me wrong. Of course these markets can be tricky, but also extremely rewarding if you have a basic understanding of side to side support and resistance and your approach is spot on.

You'll be hearing more on this and other critical issues/aspects very soon.

g.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Thank you Ghous, I asked because I am used to watch S/R flip and use it for getting in trade with PA. I wasn't sure how you deal with it in your method. You and Pinbar made it very clear for me and so far I think I understant your concept of trading. Thank you once again.... Dipie

--- 帖子 #48 ---
true that.

I always just stick to the Ny close feed which tends to be unofficial close time for FX markets, in the sense that I have seen many traders use it. It makes sense too as other markets close around that time too.

In the end though it really doesn't matter all that much as in the end it all balances out. Also, the real underlying reasons for taking a trade are almost always centered towards the bigger story comprising of a big chunk of price information which doesn't change from one feed to another. So for instance if I have a former major swing high line up to the pip with a big round number, another feed might show me an HHR that either missed the RN by a few pips or closed above by a few pips. Either ways it doesn't alter the depth of the swing point nor the fact that the HHR is "more or less" lined up with a round number.

So again its not possible that people are looking at altogether different setups on different broker feeds except maybe some minor differences that tend to even further diminish when you start to look at your charts more holistically and stop treating the markets like a machine that works in perfect rhythms and behaves on a "to the pip" basis.

hope this is clear.

g.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Much appreciated Vin,

I am glad you find the material useful

g.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
I was eyeing this and your explanation was great! I went down to 5m for mini pups and sure enough price is bouncing back up.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Thanks for the thread. Great to read something that specializes in sideways market. I just don't quite get the definition of a "trouble area". Is it an area of many dojis that kind of stuff?

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Hey Ghous, what a great thread. But I was wondering where did I see your name and then I remembered that I saw your video on a blog (I’m not sure if I may post the link here, but I hope you know what I’m talking about). In that video you said that you wait for price to close above/below SP and then to strongly reject, that was the trigger. And if price doesn’t close above/below SP, but only leaves a small wick, you don’t take such trade. Which is completely opposite to the stuff in this thread.  So I’m wondering why did you change your rules? Did that previous method prove to be not reliable? Or is your current method just more suitable for daily charts, which you said you mostly prefer today?

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Ghous, let me get this correct.. We are entering right after the bar closes or wait until the bar close and enter at the low/high of the bar?

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hello Ghous,

thank you for the informative read and good luck with the thread. I hope that people give you the attention you deserve.

+ Subscribed !

Mike

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Even though, I do not like the fact that price did not spend much time away from this area, before returning to it, the close of yesterdays bar interests me.

Let's see what the rt of the HHR can do.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Check out USDJPY on H4 and H1 .. nice long setup in the making around 96.90

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Also AUDUSD around 89.25 is a potential long setup

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Hello Master Ghous ,

since we are mastering the art of trading, I hope you wouldn't mind me calling you Master.
This is the first thread I have ever subscribed to or commented  here on FF, because it is not only the most profitable way to trade but actually the coolest trying to follow the big banks or london killer whales.

I have been privy to forex trading for more than two years now, blew a few demo account gambling not actually trading and finally took the decision to do the hard work required to be a successful trader, I looked at many systems and indicators and concluded that even if you could end up with some success it was actually more difficult to follow so many indicators on your chart instead of pure price actions or motion as I like to call it.

I would like us all to work together and help many retail traders understand that this method is one of the best if not the best way to really master the art of trading but off course it requires ton of discipline and good money management, actually every system in financial trading requires discipline but in this particular style of trading that required doing the opposite of what most retail traders are doing you need to be free from emotions and strong willed to wait until your set up is cancelled before closing the trade if facing some draw-downs which do happen.

I wish we all can simply share ideas and post setups each day we find them after which we update the results, this will help many new traders come to agree that we can master the art of trading through your method, seeing indeed is believing .

Not sure how to post charts but can say set ups are in the making on the pair NZDJPY & NZDCHF daily charts.

Everyday we will learn from you and share with you Ghous, thanks for starting this thread.

NB: forgive errors in my English, its not my first language.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Pureprice could you please share your Macd Indicator with the time zones indicated on it, thanks

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Hello Ghous. Congratulations on this new thread. For all will be of great help to have it in front, as moderator. Success.

I wanted to know your opinion of this pair. Price back and breaks the TL, up to the first bracket. Sere very ambitious if I run the price expected to continue tumbling, or should close the operation?

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Get well soon Ghous.

Wasn't some funky Rasmalai, was it.

I believe MASALA CHAI is good for FP, with lots of cloves in it.

Always works for me but then again, I am a strange fish.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Thanks Ghous for the clear dexplanations!

Have you guys noticed this one?

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Interesting approach, only price action, big players .... Suscribed.

My first trade.

What about TP?

--- 帖子 #64 ---
The first trouble area is the first minor/major flip of support and resistance that a potential trade may find trouble at.

here's an example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The FTA is important information that helps a trader develop a logical trade plan that eradicates all ambiguity and lines the trader up to be warned and also take advantage of realistic expectations from the market.

Here are a few examples of designing the trade plan around your FTA:

1) Take full profit at FTA (if the FTA is extremely major such as with the GBP/NZD trade I shared)

2) Take partial profit at FTA

3) Move the stop i.e reduce exposure on the trade as price hits the FTA

4) Do nothing and simply watch like a hawk how price is reacting at the FTA (recommended only when the FTA is extremely minor)

What we always discuss about at the james16 group as well, is that there is absolutely no point in taking a full loss once price makes it to the FTA. So you see the FTA is by far the most important aspect of a trade in the initial stages, which needless to say is obviously the make or break times for the trade.

Part of a trade plan should always consist of clearly marking out the FTA and all subsequent trouble areas if you do plan to hold a trade beyond the FTA.

g.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
On a blog? You mean my blog? I never posted any video on my blog. Also since I don't remember doing any such videos, I think you'll need to refer me to it. Maybe you could just PM me the link so I can have a look and get back to you?

g.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
We are entering on the fake out bar close, when the close is in proximity to the HHR/LLS levels. Otherwise we wait with a pending order just above/below the HHR/LLS for price to pull back to the level.

Either ways just remember that your entries need to be very near the HHR/LLS levels.

g.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Looks like it already hit the FTA and bounced.

I would not hold on to this.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
hey Steve,

Its always best for price to rapidly approach the HHR/LLS and get rejected off of it on the first attempt. Here for example a bounce just before the HHR is not a very strong sign for a fake out setup. First it shows a misalignment of bearish order flow. I mean if we're really playing the fake out game, what the hell were sellers doing just underneath the HHR to allow price to drop 4000 pips only to see fresh buying coming in?

Although the fake out bar here has ended up closing within the more recent minor newer HHR it still strips the setup of quality considerably IMO.

Some more food for thought on the chart:

As a prologue, why would true selling want to occur in chunks when price could have bought its way into the HHR and take on all the selling pressure?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PS I hope this doesn't confuse the newbies too much. If it does, just simply ignore it. I am yet to get into explaining some of the major market dynamics around which I build my bigger story for the trades. You just saw an example above, and if it makes sense even a tiny bit you need to be patting yourself on the back or err.. get someone to do it for you!

g.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
I am sure he has not noticed it as, the SP is too small and price is just moving sideways.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Brilliant!

I want to be using this example to launch an idea about trading this method on the lower time frames that might just replicate the reliability you get with this method on the higher time frames. Again based on just pure common sense! However its still very much in the laboratory for me, with the potential to be a spin off method on its own designed particularly for the lower time frames.

g.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Thanks Ghous

Yes, what you wrote makes sense in that, they do not yet look serious about dumping this, yet.

I will hold on to it till we get a close above, as a learning experience.

There are probably a lot of people looking at this divergence.

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Great thread.. subbed!

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Hey Real Click,

This made me smile

The day you realize you can't measure your learning with a stop watch you're leaps ahead of the myriad number of people still obsessed with the illusion that consistency is a function of secret formula as opposed to thousands of hours of chart time and loads of practice and trial and error - to which there exist no substitutes

Posting a chart is really very simple.

Right click on your mt4 chart and click "save as picture". Save it to your desktop. On the relevant post where you wish to attach the chart look under the text window and you should see this:

Attached Image

Click on "upload from computer" and just select the file from your desktop and click "open". You can then just hit "post new reply" to have the attachment/chart sitting at the bottom of your post. If you want it somewhere in the middle of your post then simply bring the typing cursor to where you want it and hit "insert" from the window below:

Attached Image

That's really it.

And your English rocks!

g.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
umm...You think you took a fake out trade or you're simply referring to a pin bar trade? Its important for me to know before I can proceed with my analysis on this trade.

g.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
lol

no. We get this every year post rainy season. The water lines get mixed up with..well..forget it. Some of the perks of being in a developing country .

Anyways, I am on antibiotics and feeling a little bit better.

g.

--- 帖子 #76 ---
I am looking at it now. What do you want me to see?

g.

--- 帖子 #77 ---
I have a simple question for you.

What do you think is the single most striking difference between setup A and setup B?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Don't stress yourself too much. It has to come to you straight away. If it doesn't you let me know.

g.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Making out the sense is the easier part. The harder one is figuring it out on your own in real time. That's what the chart time is needed for - to train your brain thinking in these schemes.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
That coming from you is a big for me. Thanks a tonne Takisd

g.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Very true. I hope to do my part in helping people see the bigger picture. I think its the holy grail. Seriously. Such a huge advantage regardless of the method you personally use.

g.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
bar type?

--- 帖子 #82 ---
The magnitude of the sell-off that followed the previous HHR?

--- 帖子 #83 ---
does it look likea potential fakey?

Thanks in advance..

--- 帖子 #84 ---
yes and notice also the difference in space in the two trades. Setup A has comparatively more space to the FTA while setup B is running straight away into it as well as facing more contentious traffic.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Always analyze your trades in 3 domains:

1) The location (Round numbers, MAs, depth of swing points and other confluence factors)

2) The bar (the longer the wick the better)

3) The space for the trade to move into (FTA not being too close to make trade management a pain)

g.

--- 帖子 #85 ---
That magnitude was at least partially supported by the initial free space that price flowed through easily. Can you see how such a trade would be easier to manage than say setup B where you have to literally baby sit every pip that the market moves in your direction?

g.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Well that's an extremely minor swing low that wouldn't catch my interest at all. I can see that LLS lines up with a former swing high further to the left but then you're really just looking at it as a PPZ (Price pivot zone or call it S/R) than an LLS really.

For a bullish fake out trade, you want a nice big bold LLS level to take the trade off.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

hope this is clear.

g.

--- 帖子 #87 ---
lesson learned. Space to FTA, not too close.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #88 ---
I guess this would qualify as a fakeout which happened on the Cable few days ago, also I would like you to share your opinions about pinbar because from my understanding of your method you may not take a trade if the wick doesnt actually pierce the HHR or LLR, this means if a nice pinbar forms just on the resistance as it happens sometimes without actually breaking it , you would not take the trade.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Hi All,

Pinbar pls how did you do the scanning of 80 pairs in 10 minutes? Is it with an ea or manually ? Sorry for the question if it is too childish

--- 帖子 #90 ---
I watch 30 pairs in like 3 minutes..... Pinbar is experienced trader, He can just glance at the pair and make conclusion, If you trade daily and draw the supp. and resistances you dont need much time to decide .....

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Hello Ghous, Pinbar and others....what do you guys think about this potentional setup?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #92 ---
No, that is not a fake out setup.

See chart

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Hi Ghous,

I thought perhaps I can add something to your thread to contribute in some way.

To quote you

Basically this is true. But to understand price quotes and HFT market makers would be a complicated thing. To put it simply, a false breakout can also occur when the person making the market at those prices pulls their quotes and the market flows until it finds a new quote. News spikes are generally caused by this and not a flood of new liquidity. Its the lack of liquidity at these points that create the spikiness of trading.

So whilst retail traders can be buying into this, a major market participant does not require to take the buy side first. Infact, all they have to do is remove all their major orders from the market on the sell side and the market will go through until they are ready to sell. Of course this is subject to market conditions.

Having some experience with liquidity hubs and dark pools has shown me that sometimes things are not so simple. However, trading can be simple, as you have so eloquently shown from this awesome thread.

I will try to contribute with my thoughts and charts when I see something interesting on my platforms.

EDIT: For some reason it didnt show the whole quote, but its from the first post

--- 帖子 #94 ---
I have eight charts on my platform, then I make the scanning chart a different background and from market watch, drag and drop each pair onto the white chart.

It changes to whatever chart you drop on it, I scan it quickly, if price is in the vicinity of a deep swing point, I will move the chart onto a position in the back eight pairs.

If not, I just move on to the next pair.

I almost never find 8 pairs in the vicinity of a good SP at a great location so, if some are exceptional but not yet on the cards, I will leave them on my screen and wait for price to get there. Then, price must create a SFP or I trash it and move on.

For example, the pair you can see in the white chart, has tons of traffic so, I look at it for 3 seconds then move on.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Hi Ghous,

to be of some help I found this AUDJPY H1 example.....

a) order flow around BIG NUMBER ( BRN )

b) what Ghous mentioned about multiple attempts to fake around levels on lower timeframes such as H1, 30min, 5min ( or orders from big customers, which cannot be filled in 1 instance ).

c) first trouble areas ( FTA ) defined.

d) market structure ( compression into supply ),  leading to the expectation that this might drop further than just the first FTA.

e) how it followed through is additionally worth looking at.

Hope it helps, good trading to all !

Mike

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #96 ---
I just timed the scan.

119 pairs in 7.5 mins.

My charts are now setup.

Time does not matter though, just take your time but, if you have to really think about a chart for longer than 20 seconds, just pass on it.

But maybe take a little longer when you are learning to find these areas.

Removed the charts as, You guys want to learn how to fish.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Hey there,

We are still in a fairly strong down trend on the daily and the swing low is comparatively weaker. Also price has trickled down under the 9000 which would make me skeptical taking a long under it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Hey Takisd,

Very interesting indeed.

Reading through your post I recalled some of the stuff from the order flow threads I read.

Darkstar shared what he referred to as the liquidity equilibrium vs the liquidity vacuum. Pertaining to strong one sided moves in the market, I had the misconception that strong movements like these are situations where liquidity is on the high side. It turned out it was quite the opposite. He pointed out that these actually represented a liquidity vacuum where price just drifts through without any barriers at all in the hunt for a block of orders. I went back to charts and noticed how often price tended to reverse on these strong moves with equal and opposite force more like Newton's law of motion. It also explained why news spikes often were just that - spikes. Retail traders jumping in on news and price escalating to a set of waiting opposite order flow to consume all the retail trading.

I use the same concept for validating the trade setups too in that I always prefer price accelerating into the HHR/LLS levels instead of dragging to them as that puts the institutional trading more in line with executing the fading game.

And I am glad you pointed out that it also explains how price will sometimes move beyond an HHR/LLS smoothly before dropping back without the pros having to actually take part in making price move into the HHR/LLS. Its because there really isn't much institutional buying/selling going on until price reaches the block of big orders which is when price drops right back.

Wonderful stuff and thanks for sharing.

g.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Bravo!

Try deciphering the story like that on your lower/higher time frames all the time and you're well on your way. This is exactly the kind of thought process that I feel plays the biggest part in validating and invalidating trade setups.

Brilliant stuff for sure!

g.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
makes sense, thx

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Lets get right back to the basic idea of a "swing failure":

Price swiftly hitting a major HHR or an LLS and testing the region beyond it without successfully sustaining the momentum and falling right back within the swing point.

The daily bar close is a condition that helps systematize the concept as well as filter the not so obvious setups but be very clear that while a daily closing back within the HHR/LLS is a strong sign of a fake out, its not what makes or breaks a fake out setup....or rather to avoid the confusion I should say the close doesn't make or break the fake out "scenario".

I say this because while for the most part the best fake out setups are the ones, where you have the daily closing in your favor, scan your charts and you'll find tonnes of examples where price closes strongly beyond the swing point and immediately and some times even eventually closes right back within the swing point.

The most defining characteristic of a fake out is quite simply the falsification of the basic structural principle of support turning into resistance and vice versa

Going by this, whenever you see price stepping on the gas beyond an HHR (resistance) and find it not being able to hold up via support at the HHR upon a pull back, you have a fake out. Beyond this every condition I use is honestly for systematization and filtration purposes.

*****************---------------------------*****************

Now that we have the back drop set, let's get down to what I was talking about the other day:

As I mentioned, I like the dailies because they contain more information and a bigger chunk of time encompassing all the trading sessions. With a 4H fake out or a 1H fake out, you are banking on partial or incomplete information which doesn't invalidate those time frames for trading but does extract some reliability juice from the method.

Attempts can still be made though, by taking a more conservative stance on the lower time frames than on the higher time frames, to still execute the method confidently. Being conservative obviously means waiting for the best swing points (possibly ones that stand out even on the higher time frames) but additionally in this scenario it means, waiting for multiple confirmations after the fake out actually occurs. Not only are you then dealing with more information, you also have seen through a larger "time bracket" to be more confident about your decision.

Here are a few examples:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PS: this is still an idea which is very much in a test tube, so kindly don't start running through several intra day live trades of "fake out scenarios". Do some serious back and forward testing and possibly post the results or questions or points of discussion here so it benefits you and all. Stay safe please.

g.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Nooooooo, I did it again.

I intended to close out half of this trade and let the rest run to the FTA but, for some reason I am not being allowed to close out part of the trade on FX-Pro anymore.

It just closes the whole trade before we get the option of choosing how much to close.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Oops.

I just tried it on my Fxpro demo and the partial close feature seems to be working fine.

g.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Strange indeed.

I may have to open and close a few trades to test this out.

This is the FX=Pro demo feed so, it should be the same.

Seems to be working now, previously it did not display the amount to close.

Never had this happen before.

Could be because, I have two instances of MT4 on my pc, FXDD Malta for my live account and FX-Pro for the demo feed.

It has gotten funky like this before.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
This looks interesting, I like the Massive Divergence building up.

It has got to get peoples attention.

What's your take on Divergence with the Fake out Ghous?

How much of a percentage for a plus would you give to divergence as opposed to not having it?

By the way, since I took your advice and switched to the dark charts, my eyes are not nearly as tired.

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Thanks Dipie and Pinbar for the explanation

--- 帖子 #107 ---
As someone asked about scanning charts for potential setups, I feel how to quickly invalidate them is of importance.

Here is one example of how to invalidate them.

These boxes of consolidation, just one on top of another has created a minefield of danger which, we don't want to get involved with.

The top of the boxes are former resistance which could easily flip to support, likewise the bottom of the boxes are former support which can flip to resistance at any given time.

Hope this helps new people looking to invalidate potential swing points.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Examples that worked today :

1 ) USD/JPY 4hr

Fakeout at 96.890

2) Future Nasdaq 4hr

Both images attached.

Thx Ghous !!

--- 帖子 #109 ---
This is a really nice thread, thank you very much Ghous!

What do you guys think about the ongoing setup in EURAUD? Price tried twice to break resistance around 1.5 and failed. However, the uptrend is quite strong and both tests of the resistance line at 1.5 occured within one week. Would this be a valid fake out in case that the pinbar closes around 1.48, below the resistance line?

Thx!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #110 ---
I don't pull up the macd all that often to spot divergence but yeah I do feel having divergence as opposed to not having it is a huge advantage for sure.

Not to forget Implicit divergence specially on the lower tfs

g.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Hey Osman,

Good stuff.

Notice how each of these gave a second confirmation of support at the LLS before taking off. Just the kind of stuff I like to see on the lower time frames.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
hey there,

I already shared my views on the EUR/AUD setup on the daily a few pages back. You may have missed it.

Here you go:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...90#post6921690

g.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
This strategy doesn't work if we apply it to important PPZs or important trend lines?

--- 帖子 #114 ---
If an HHR/LLS level lines up at a longer term PPZ its always a plus and a wonderful source of confluence that strengthens the setup big time.

What you don't want however is to compensate the dearth of basic triggers (i.e a nice deep swing low/LLS) through the confluence factors to convince yourself to get in the trade.

In that example being discussed, the LLS was next to non-existent. A long there then, is simply a long off a PPZ instead of a well defined LLS region as the method requires.

g.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Did you try "selling" a part, as a new  order , instead of closing the existing trade?

I trade with Oanda (no lots), so if for example I´m Long 5000 EURUSD, and sell 2500, it´s the same as closing half of the position, even if I entered Long 5000 in one order.

The other Option is buying two times 2500, then closing one "Position"..

Not sure if it will help with forexpro...

all the best...

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Great thread ghous

What's your take on Oil?

I think the fake out is good + BRN and divergence but I don't like the consolidation just under the setup.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Thanks for the information.

No, you can not do that with FX-Pro or FXDD.

Seems to be ok now, must have been a gremlin in the system.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
I am watching 1.3300 area closely on euro in case we get a nice long setup there tonight

--- 帖子 #119 ---
this only works with brokers that do NOT allow hedging (USA brokers).  Since they do not allow holding long and short position in same currency pair, one must close the other

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Gold setup short on daily .. perfect setup at 1424

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Am surprised no one has brought this one up.

Eur/USD seems to be playing the rules. Albeit in a horrible range. But looks like today is a long day.

edit: I fail... haha

--- 帖子 #122 ---
nice information sharing ghous.

I will try it out and post some charts soon.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
I have shorted EUR/NZD at 1.7030 after HHR and Daily Pin bar confirmation. Actually I took trade on 4H time frame.

Still doubt where to put take profit. Any advice appreciated....

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Hey Lenrod,

Totally agree with you. Everything good about that except the notorious consolidation box just underneath which kills it for space IMHO.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Not entirely perfect IMO.

I don't quite like how price didn't quite accelerate into the HHR nor dropped strong under it. Moreover, notice how we are headed straight into the 1400 BRN.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
yeah well, that is a horrible range. lol.

g.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
. . .  . . .

g.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Yeh, I generally scalp and have done so for longer than I'd like to admit. So I was blinded by the 50 pips in 1 shot  I trade 1min and 5mins similar to your style but for tiny pips

--- 帖子 #129 ---
For one there is something very wrong about shorting straight into a RN like 1.700

This is so because round numbers tend to be order flow magnets. Round numbers is the currency for all the big games in the market. Options trading for instance revolves majorly around round numbers. If you're looking to short near a round number make sure its at least a few pips below it and for longs a few pips above it.

Anyways, for this particular trade the 1.7 and the swing low at it, marks your really critical first trouble area and price is just about at it. I would really worry if I start seeing a bounce here. If I were you my stop would already be at BE or at least significantly reduced. Yes that kills the trade for breathing space, but honestly I'd rather suffocate a risky trade like this than allow it come back and hurt me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Wonder if those Gremlins are not created on purpose...broker boys seem to have tricks all over...

Anyway, glad it´s working again for u, and by the way, thanks for your smart way of scanning MT4, didn´t know that trick before...

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Couldn't have been.

There is a 0 chance that a broker would ploy a dirty tactic on their demo platform. That's like making sure the rat knows its poison before wanting to feed it.

g.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Ghous

I am looking at the EUR/MXN setup, I fluffed closing the partial trade on.

I am seeing large wicks to the upside and failure to close above the HHR.

I think if these TBLs break, it may well hit the 17.4000 area.

What are your thoughts on my way of thinking.

I am not going to jump in it, just watching.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Perhaps yes. In this regard, I do like the fact that even yesterday's bar ended up closing back within the HHR. These continued failed attempts could be hinting on a move down to 17.400

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Almost like the "multiple confirmations" theory of the lower time frames.

g.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Thanks Ghous

Just an occasional reality check in, to make sure I am not wandering off the path, into the nettles.

Been there done that.

Yes, well it the mechanism should be fractal and work in a similar manner on all tfs.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
I just checked that one and found you already posted some thing about that ....

But isnt that you look for? away from RN have almost 40+ pips to FTA on the bar close

just closed above the RN , not having too much difference for stop placement

--- 帖子 #136 ---
The poster said, he sold it at that level.

Why would you want to sell at a low price instead of a high price?

As Ghous said, the 1.7000 is a major RN, with a swing point so, we should be looking to buy here, not sell.

If you owned a shop and bought, 500 pairs of shoes for 30 bucks a pair, would you want to sell them for 20 bucks a pair?

I doubt it.

You can see that the current bar is starting to look like a bullish PB with the close 7 mins away, in the start of the London session and at the close of the Asian session.

Edit: This is where so many people go wrong in trading.

They use the H4, H1 or lower tfs but, you do not get to see the bigger picture on those time frames.

I know, I have done it myself and it makes you waste years of time, and you never get to see the more general view of things.

Take a look at the daily consolidation box.

A consolidation box is by its very nature, resistance at the upper level and support below.

We don't want to sell into support, before it breaks and retests the area.

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Ah .......... i thought he is talking about Buying.

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Yeah, I thought so.

Even so, I would not like to buy into the top of that box.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Hi Ghous

Thank you for this Great thread,  help me a lot to understand price action,

Subscribed...

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Hi Ghous,

I'm looking at EURCAD right now.  Do you look at levels like this where we have the possibility of resistance now becoming support?  Or would you consider the level to minor.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Hi Brixton we have only 7 pages here, but a lot of things have been already explained....look for posts num. 34 and 45, hope it helps....Dipie

--- 帖子 #142 ---
I'd expect that to hold as support sure. But that's really all. You know kinda like just watching and enjoying. Nothing from the view point of a real potential trade as per this method.

g.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Here is a fun little exercise called, "Where is price going, Where did it go?".

J16 actually thought this up and used to do it in the private forum with PA bars.

It works just as well with the Fakey though as, price is price.

Ghous, I and a few others used to do this in the J16 thread and it is very interesting.

I have removed the bars to the right of the setup so, tomorrow I will post the completed chart.

Draw a couple of lines on your chart as to where you think this setup made it to before price reversed.

In the meantime, don't be afraid of getting it wrong, nobody is going to ridicule anyone for getting it wrong and neither will you win a Porsche if you get it right.

I learned a great deal doing this at the weekends with Ghous, Supreme Chaos and many others.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Good idea! I already love this game

I will post when i get home.

Thanks!

Cheers,

Stephen

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Thought you might.

It is useful to get an eye for things &, if you can predict what is most likely going to occur, this is worth a great deal more than a few pips.

I am going to be pretty busy tomorrow and Saturday as I am moving house to the university campus where I teach.

Kind of like campus life and hey, I get to teach the students PA occasionally in class and get paid for it.

just had almost three months off during the break and still have another 2 weeks left.

I love working only 12 hours a week and less than six months a year.

--- 帖子 #146 ---
here is my take

--- 帖子 #147 ---
I got something similar. Trouble area/demand area around there

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Woah.

Im jealous. But at the moment I cant complain either  I got an internship, so I work 7-8h / day, but still the rest of the day is for Forex

--- 帖子 #149 ---
EUR/CAD -  what do we think? -  this is 4hr chart

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Where do you think the FTA is, pertaining to the fake out setup I mean?

g.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Not a fake out trade setup. Just a regular pin bar at support.

g.

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #153 ---
been reading the entire article for the last hour ... Good Job Ghous

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Hi Pinbar, here is what I see.

I don't really like this setup, the fake out bar didn't clearly close under the HHR, price just broke through and closed above a recent consolidation box and FTA is close. Btw if I were in the trade I'd have taken profit at FTA, wouldn't be surprised to see price bounce off from it.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Hello and thank you Ghous for helping us....

Anyone following this ?

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Nice thread Ghous!

Rinehart

--- 帖子 #157 ---
I think you read my mind.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Great stuff folks.

This was a no brainer, pass.

The fake out bar closed just below the 1.32500 level but more importantly the consolidation below at 1.32000 was the key.

Note that as we speak, price is at the same level.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
the blue line is FTA

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Yes.

All of course depends on what we get there.

g.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
I was just wondering looking at that setup that you perhaps made the mistake of leaving the first bar following the fake out bar which actually revealed the whole result already. The FTA was obviously the box high and you showed the bar after the fake out bar hitting that FTA. This trade had done what you would have wanted from it on the very chart you asked the question on.

This is a great exercise for people struggling to locate FTAs and initial target areas for their trades.

Since the ultimate target, for discretionary traders anyways, always depends on how things develop along with how price performs at the initial trouble areas, it is always a vague shot predicting the "ultimate" outcome to a trade setup via this exercise. It kind of makes it like a shot in the dark and not much useful. It works best when people start thinking in terms of where is price going initially.

g.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
I am glad you pointed it out.

Again I think the target you initially called for, was more an anticipation of the ultimate target then. It made me uneasy thinking that you might have missed the FTA altogether.

Again like I mentioned in the previous post, when answering, don't go for hero calls. Call for the next target area. If you develop this skill, you'll see how you can use it to eventually follow your entire trades and manage them really well through more than one trouble areas simply by looking at the action at trouble area 1 and if confident then simply calling for the next area price should be headed for. It puts you so much ahead of the herd.

g.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
I remember you explaining similar situations back in February.  There I learned that:

-> If a bar goes beyond the high, and closes below (but not with 1-2 pips - close below would mean at least 10-20 pips. - just like the small SFP that pinbar pointed out, then we can expect a fall. BUT if price closes above or on it -> then this old SFP might act as a support and resistance and price will bounce from it.

New guys will see some A+ looking HUGE pinbars at swing lows. - But if they cant close back in the box - then get ready for bouncing off....

Btw - i bought DS's order flow book and its amazing  I might not be super-active in the next weeks, but this is only because im focusing on that stuff. (Which is nothing but a deeper explanation of what you teach here

Cheers,

Stephen

--- 帖子 #164 ---
True that.

Dark Star's a great dude for sure. I picked more order flow stuff off his posts than anyone else here at FF.

g.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
I'd like to refrain from answering to this. We're not comparing two commercial services at this thread

g.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
The next red bar was already , almost on FTA , thats why i first pointed out the next big thing.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Seems tricky one.

There are more odds against , the fakey bar is too long , if we wait for retrace on the lvl then we have

BR very close , makes more chances for heading towards south and with FTA very close.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
any one watching thing one , seems interesting but have to wait and see.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
this one is also approaching near , would like to see some action in the circled area?

--- 帖子 #170 ---
That's debatable.

and btw Lamer, there are no "ifs" and "buts" in trading. Dont try to make equations for success.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Agree with you. Additionally I just don't like the story on the higher time frames.

We had a bullish pin bar as a fake out off the 4H swing low as well as the 1.7 BRN that I guess someone was discussing here as well. I felt it also suffered from the same deficiency of the bigger story going against these short term opportunities.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #172 ---
No it isn't. The fact that I picked order flow stuff from Dark Star more than from anyone else isn't contestable.

Good to see you dropping by bud.

g.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Thank you for the advice. I just love these situations when pros jump in and with a single line they change aspect/approach!

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #174 ---
However, you made this post , more than 4 hours after the answer was posted.

It will not you much good in real life. situations.

The point of this exercise, as in life, is not to give a correct answer but to give a feasible answer.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Yeah, I also thought of that but, decided to leave the IB as a small hint.

I am looking forward to you hitting us with a WIPG.

Tomorrow is moving day so, I will probably not be around.

We will put the WIPG on hold for a while.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Here is a setup from silver I liked a lot but I wanted to trade with a sell limit order and the trade wasn't triggered.

I think this was better than the gold setup.

Ghous what do you think about correlation?

I sometimes use correlation to decide if I enter a trade or not. For instance if I see a fake out on silver I usually prefer to see a fake out on gold and I think this gives strength to the trade. And I see many times they go in the same direction. A few days ago I posted a setup in Pinbar's thread about EUR NZD and you said you prefer GBP NZD because EUR NZD was running into a BRN but the 2 setups would have both won.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
But this is a new statement! In the original (I picked more order flow stuff off his posts than anyone else here at FF) the little "from" is missing

--- 帖子 #178 ---
I don't use correlation as a "confluence" if that is what you are asking.

For me correlation simply refers to the general rhythm that many and some time most pairs tend to exhibit simultaneously and this translates for me into dry seasons and wet seasons. You know like nothing interesting for a couple of weeks and all of a sudden you have setups everywhere.

If anything I am only cautious when I am taking on similar setups on strongly correlates pairs at the same time. Just like when one works, it pulls on the other perhaps more mediocre setups, it also happens the other way round. When one doesn't work it has the potential to take others with it. Either ways your "exposure" is increased because you are more or less banking on a single outcome as opposed to two different non-correlated outcomes.

Also co-relation is not something as simple as it apparently seems. These bonds between different pairs/markets can strengthen and weaken over time. Also there could be varying degrees of co-relation. Two pairs may exhibit almost perfect co-relation at one instance and then not so much at a later date.

Just something to keep in mind.

g.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Dang! Don't be-head me then please.

g.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Again, this is where the lower TFs will rip you apart if you're not conscious of the overall story.

Price didn't accelerate into the HHR. As a result you're bound to be fighting with lack of space on the way back when you short at the HHR.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Hey Str8, had a pending order on Silver at 24.80, but price never made it.. it has already reached FTA.

Oh well..next time

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Similar problem again, in that a fake out off that LLS would have been heading straight into a lot of traffic.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sometimes these work and price will push through brick walls like a hot knife through butter, but mostly they don't. Point is, that the times they don't, you just can't complain because it isn't "erratic" behavior and you weren't ( or shouldn't be)  caught by surprise.

I for one don't see any merit in taking a hit because the market did something that it already should have, except that you were hoping for something else.

The markets don't care what you think or want.

g.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
The support lines.

Ha ha! The trade will start when the market close.  (According to my broker's time)

Hope You Enjoy the next week!

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Hey Ghous

Great thread my friend.

Love the simple charts, and the simple idea of your entries.

Cheers

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #185 ---
I just post my two cent reviw on this set up. Seniors may reply actual situation. I am just trying to grab this method.

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Thank You very much for explanation,

I got the point of breathing space and round numbers. I add my charts to a Grid which shows me the RNs (x.x000 only) I have one question for the moment.

Any way trade was taken out at BE.

This is a very interesting method to me. Only con is set ups are rare but you will be need only 3 or 4 set ups in daily chart to make whole month.

Kos

--- 帖子 #187 ---
This is a very interesting method to me. Only con is set ups are rare but you will be need only 3 or 4 set ups in daily chart to make whole month. Kos[/quote]

Talking about System, Set-ups (opportunities)..etc.

Is anybody making Money with this?

How about we compare results as to:

R : positive or negative.

Amount of trades a week/month.

Percentage winners...etc.

Like that we can find out if it´s worth the effort of even reading the posts,we can see how many people are successfull (and how much)..

We can talk in terms of R...so nobody needs to disclose how much Money they have...or Show their accounts.

R as defined by the Initial risk per trade.

Eg.

I risk exacly 1% per trade, as per stop value (Oanda, no lots).

So far 2 trades this week.

1 winner, one looser.

R positive : 0,16

Obviously it´s a useless sample, after ten, better 30, and better 100 trades I will be able to draw usefull conclusions.

Comparing each others results would help us all to improve, and learn from the best perfrormers..

My 2 Cents worth..

enjoy life

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Just my two cents, do we also incorporate fundamentals in this systems or its 100% technical, right now with US probably going to Bomb Syria any time soon( matter of days) a tendency to strengthen USD  as a safe haven ,do you ignore that which is likely to determine how price may move within the short term.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
http://www.screencast.com/users/Ghou...8-d4392f58473a

I came across this several months ago, and I also thought that this is u speaking

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Hello! Realclick and Kos-Fx,

Its nice to hear from you about the setup. It is sure we are here for technicals. You say "The US probably going to Bomb", but not sure 100%.

Look! According to Price Action the last bar was an inside bullish bar before closing the market (The 1st point to be note). The price is touching its support there and closed above 1.3200 (The 2nd point to be note).

I am posting here another chart with another brokerage firm (With my trade taken Short).  The FTA was not so far at that time. It depends on you how you understand. Here in this chart you can see a visible pinbar below.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Hi guys and Ghous.

First off I'd like to say you've done a great job on your explanation at the start of this thread Ghous  it's obvious you've put a lot of time into that, thanks.

As you may or may not know I'm a student of the "Fail better" thread where we use this type of strategy on the H1, the wizard whose thread it is was also a student of J16.

I don't want to clog up your thread with old charts as everybody will now want to be looking forward and looking for new opportunities in the markets and posting current price charts which is completely normal, but I have six D1 charts of the EURUSD that I'd be happy if you and other members could have a look at and give me your opinion on.

The six trades are all from this year.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #194 ---
EU 4H & Daily

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Dear Iqbal,

It seems to be your entry was little bit aggressive.. If my thinking is correct you didn't wait that fake out bar to be closed. and even there are several pull back from FTA to HHR. How you determine your SL (Did you reduced it from intial value??????).

Even this example also shows that FTA and breathing space is to be considered (for high probability trade) when you enter a trade...

"Sometimes these work and price will push through brick walls like a hot knife through butter, but mostly they don't. Point is, that the times they don't, you just can't complain because it isn't "erratic" behavior and you weren't ( or shouldn't be) caught by surprise." - Ghous

Thanks

Kos

--- 帖子 #196 ---
I would be on the lookout of a  further confirmation when the markets open. But overall I like this setup.

g.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Well its not really a con, I could go on and on with the the perks of making money with just 3-4 trades a month, but for people who like the excitement of more trades then that, the lower time frames aren't ruled out for this method. Heck fake outs work on the 1 minute and the monthly. Remember that we haven't combined some flashy indicators that are all pointing up for a potential entry signal. The back bone of this method goes straight down to the anatomy of the markets and price action. Lower time frames can be tricky and much more advanced but for the trader who likes it, and more importantly has come to understand, over time, that the fast paced action is what brings out the best in him there are absolutely no leashes stopping him from venturing down the time frame ladder.

g.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
I think she has already decided to. Either ways fundamentals don't play a part for me. Price has a way of factoring in the fundamentals, at least on the more general front. So if the USD must weaken, the technicals will conform to it. For instance if the Euro shoots off on Monday, I am happy because being a technical trader I see a fake out setup working out and the guys who follow fundamentals think price shot off because the USD is weakening as the US military decides to wage yet another war. Perhaps in some other part of the world, someone's jumping around because he got a perfect MACD+RSI+EGIJKIE crossover that got him a killer 10R trade.

The technical vs the fundamental debate is as long as the markets themselves. My personal view is, that the markets offer scope for either extremes and many other approaches that lye in between, provided that the edge is proven and is consistently executable.

I for one occupy the technical extreme of the spectrum and don't find myself handicapped.

g.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
I see.

yes this was back when I was using the HCR/LCS levels for my main trigger as opposed to the HHR/LLS. These were early days in my research with the concept.

I think I'll have to delete this video so it doesn't confuse anyone.

Thanks a lot for putting this up.

g.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Fabulous charts Quidsey!

How many of these did you take?

g.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Thanks Master G for such a wonderful explanation, I quite agree that being on the extreme of the technical still makes you as good a trader as you could ever be, I personally used to trade the news a lot until I realized it was too emotional and further studies showed me sometimes because big London whales could get news before smaller fishes it may be priced in already and make us retail trader vulnerable.

I now stick mostly to technicals but also think its wise to be on the look out for major news releases even though certainly the chart tells the whole story since what we see on the charts is simply human emotions , what people perceive the value of a currency to be most times already taking into consideration fundamentals.

Thank you so much for your help, also do you suggest that trading this method on lower time frames (30 mins - 1hr) could be successful?

I would rather not go below 4 hrs.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
many thanks people for all the charts and learning its a great insite to tradeing

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Could You please explain what are the further confirmation that you looking for.......................

--- 帖子 #204 ---
HI, great thread for interesting idea of fake breakout, I am an Dow theory player in longer time frame and look for increase entries.

What do you think about this Gold short entry and are profit targets realiables ?

thanks Greg

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Hi Ghous,

AOA

Thank you with your enlightened views about the market. I took EURUSD short for 100 pips after going through your thread on 29th August. Much obliged with your generosity to share your knowledge.

I have started to look at the market from a completely different perspective as I have been mainly scalping.

Just wanted to know what elements you are looking for confirmation of the trade?

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Very well Srt! Your chart is explaining very good.

Yes! I am trying to trade aggressively. Because some of traders blow my mind with their style of trading. Anyhow.

I already know you will ask about my short trade. How and why I have taken this.

Look! at the Srt's chart and mine. I had posted a naked chart last time. When I plot the line at 1.34, it hide my stop loss. Mean my stop loss is behind the line. You can see the resistance there. That's why the trade was so powerful.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Well none , at least not using a D1 SFP.

Really just wanted to know if my thinking on these set-ups was in line with what you guys are discussing here. It was also an exercise in finding out how many set-ups we can expect to see over a certain period. I understand better now why you trade so many pairs.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Me Neither. I don't venture below 4H myself.

But I think with enough practice you could take this down to as low as 1 min. It made me smile when I read Takisd saying he executes a similar strategy but on the 1-5 min time frame. Its not that hard to believe when you escape the one dimensional ideas of trading systems and apply yourself to the flexibility of the a "mindset". Because trading fake outs is more about the mindset than anything else, there is no doubt that you can use the phenomena your own way on any time frame and any market.

g.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
I will be talking about this more in the coming week. But the basic idea is, that while a fake out bar triggers a trade on the daily, for the lower time frames a more conservative approach would require further confirmations of the S/R qualities of the HHR/LLS as proven by the subsequenct action after the fake out bar forms. The trigger then, isn't the fake out bar itself but rather one of the next few bars that go on to test the HHR/LLS again. The more aggressive entry via the fake out bar directly won't be overruled but this multiple confirmations idea appeals to me more and more and most likely the method I will be adopting for my lower time frame trades.

An an example, here is the UJ 4H chart showing an initial fake out followed by a quick confirmation bar which can serve as the trigger to a trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
I would have preferred a more accelerated attempt to breach the HHR there, so it wasn't a trade for me. But obviously it was off of a nice HHR and I also had the 150 EMA confluence going.

Anyway, if I were in this trade I'd be pretty happy seeing that close below the 1400 RN. With a stoop above the 1400, I would now be looking for price to hit the trouble area marked in blue and eventually the second blue region.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Hey Shaan,

I am looking for a nice and deep HHR/LLS preferably lining up with other confluence factors such as a Round number or a Moving average. I am looking for price to accelerate into the HHR and receive a noticeable rejection which marks the fake out for me. I am then looking to get in either at the close of the fake out bar or in case of close further away from the HHR/LLS I am waiting with a pending order near the HHR/LLS in case of a pull back. I also require decent space for the trade to thrive in and to ensure stress free trade management.

g.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
So in a nutshell, this wasn't a fake out trade as I see it.

g.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Ahh I see. Yeah the more the pairs the better.

g.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Thanks for the confirmation..  My head was bang searching for fake out...

--- 帖子 #215 ---
.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Ghous, you said here that "The human race will need to evolve into something totally different to stop order flow and market dynamics to work the way they have been working for hundreds of years."

This means this strategy of trading fake outs from swing points will work in every year? This strategy also worked before the financial crisis from 2008? Did you make backtesting for the period before 2008? You also said something about this fake outs work in sideways markets. If I see a pair is in a strong trend I shouldn't look anymore at historical swing points for fake outs because it's possible price wouldn't respect that level?

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Backtesting gives you the answer if you make money or not. I made backtesting in the last years on the daily charts and it works for me. I didn't make backtesting though for the period before 2008. I plan to do this too but the results of the backtesting won't tell you if you can make money or not because you may take other setups I didn't take or have a trade management completely different.

Just because someone else is winning or losing doesn't mean you will also make or lose money.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Of course it will, humans will still have Hope, Greed, Fear & Despair, as long as they are human.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Not the best example but hey.....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You'll find this stuff happening all the way back, and I mean way way back.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Please check with other broker feeds. In Ava and Alpari, the close is below the LLS, thus perhaps it is not actually a fakey.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Go as far as you want to.

And yes trends are always notorious for me. I generally like to see a swinging/side ways market. The point here is that with strong trends in place you're not likely to find any major deep swing points near by to take advantage of. If you're getting lured into trading fake outs in a market that is trending, its most probably because you're antsy and wanting to take on a minor swing point.

Of course it isn't a rule set in stone though. In an uptrend if you have a retest of a swing low that lines up with a support trend line, an EMA and a round number. a trade to anticipate a continuation of the trend is surely on. But then again, stumbling across tradable setups during a strong trending market is rare, or comparatively more rare than trading in a sideways market.

g.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Thanks for your answer.

I was thinking about historical swing points that you can't see if you don't zoom your chart. For example a pair is in a strong up trend at 1.4800 and a historical high from a couple of years ago is at 1.5000.

Do you look for shorts at that level? A short would mean a position against a very strong trend but if a fake out occurs at it and you have space would you trade it?

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Awesome thread guys and thank you for sharing. I am trying to follow what you guys are saying, but I am stuck on the meaning of abbreviations. Can someone please advise on what these stand for: BRN, FTA and SFP.

Thank you very much for your help.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Big Round Number

First Trouble Area

Swing Failure Pattern

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Where will price go / where did price go?

PS: habeeb is here reading the thread

Cheers,

Stephen

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Thank you Gt3rs!

--- 帖子 #227 ---
I think you already put the answer on the chart.

WIPG is about the FTA.

--- 帖子 #228 ---
I take it that, the larger TF sideways market also counts?

--- 帖子 #229 ---
I entered long gbpcad at few pips above high of the pinbar. This was based on the fact that previous resistance had turned support.

There is a fakey bar which hit 1.65 and shot back below. In hindsight, if I had read this forum before I took the current trade, I would have entered at the close of fakey.

Now I think price (hello pinbar ) is going to retest 1.65. Perhaps at that retest, entering short will be a good idea and take profit at previous support (~1.62). Please opine.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
I Entered the Long On 28/8/2013  USD/JPY @ 97.15 with my CustomIndiactor ,still the trade is going on ,After finding the D in my other system template ,then only close the trade.

During this time ,im also Recheck the Previous Resistance & Support level & Double Top Formation in various Time Frames & Chart Pattern Also .

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Hello All,Ghous thanks for your time and also Pinbar thank you.I was wondering if one or both of you could help me identify the FTA on this chart?I am thinking if the current bar closes above the red support line we may have a nice Fake out set up of the EUR/GBP Daily.We have the confluence of the 150 EMA that seems nice.Just waiting on the close of the daily bar to see what eventuates.Please if you could give me your take on the FTA that would be great.Kind RegardsAnthm

--- 帖子 #232 ---
I wish people would stick to posting setups and charts about what Ghous is kindly trying to teach here and not, totally unrelated stuff.

--- 帖子 #233 ---
No, I was talking about that.

I don't like the bottom of that box that has formed and if we do get a close above that small SP today, I would not like to trade into that box, the BRN & the 150 EMA.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Ok got it ALL,

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
What does the butterfly pattern have to do with what Ghous is teaching here?

Also, why would you want to buy at a high?

--- 帖子 #236 ---
This long setup also has nothing to do with the Fake out but, I hear what you are saying in as much as you had not read the thread.

If you had entered long on that PB, it still would not have been the fake out.

Perhaps, you should stick to one method for a while as, you are taking trades all over the place.

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Of Course................

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Dear Ghous/Pinbar

What is the maximum traderble spread on this method ????????????????

Kos

--- 帖子 #239 ---
I think you are talking about the SL, not the spread right?

Spreads change, the SL does not.

If you are talking about the SL, really nobody can answer that as it is related to position sizing and your account size.

Yeah, each setup will have a different SL but, the risk will be the same as per your position sizing and risk ratio.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Thanks for your quick reply...

Of course I am talking about Spread because yesterday I went through all pairs my broker offer. some pairs seems to be very high in spread (more than 50). I think that kind of pairs not traderble.

I know that your watching more than 80 pairs.  I am not going to do that at initial stage at least trying to watch 20 pairs.

Thanks

Kos

--- 帖子 #241 ---
It depends on the time frame.

50 pips spread on a 5 min. chart, to earn a 10 pip move?

But on a D or Week chart it might work. Spread will eat a percentage of your gain...in pips, which translates into $.

Spread is like rent cost on a shopkeeper.

If you are paying monthly rent to work only every morning for 30 minutes it will be unaffordable...but if you work all month...

EURUSD has usually the cheapest "rent", so you can go on lower time frames....and it will eat a smaller percentage of your potentiall gains..

My 5 cents worth.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Magnificent question! I am thrilled!

If its too far off to the left It simply indicates to me that to trade it I need to move to a higher time frame to find it closer to the current action. There is nothing to be obsessed about taking swing points nearer to the current action, but its imperative for me more so, because if its too far off, then the swing point is a longer term play and hence calls for a fake out on a time frame higher than the current one.

For instance an adjacent swing point on the weekly, could be way off to the left on say the 15 min. So if you mark it out and go for a 15 min fake out off it then you're basically taking on more risk in the sense that you're expecting the level to hold straight away with an accuracy that shows off all the way down to the m15. Put another way, you could still get a very valid weekly fake out off that weekly swing point with many 15 min bar closes beyond the swing point and perhaps some minor instances of price holding up a bit when it pulls back to the HHR/LLS. This is simply because for a weekly swing point, you need the information spread across at least a week to be confident about your bias.

Here is an example showing a good decent daily swing point with a neat daily fake out comprising of some rough 1H action.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The take away from this, shouldn't be to avoid major swing points, but to simply not look for swing points way far off to the left, unless you want to trade them off a higher Time frame.

hope this is clear.

g.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
brb...workout time.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Yeah... It was a bit late... Maybe I shouldnt do charts at midnight lol

--- 帖子 #245 ---
He was?! Wow. I am humbled.

Anyways I'd really appreciate if we can put the "where is price going" exercise on hold for a bit. I need to make sure all the bits and pieces of info I need delivered get's done within the initial pages so later on new people can just be advised to read the initial part of the thread.

g.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
My watch list

Edit: USD/MXN is a bit iffy, the consolidation box now forming, is close.

That said, there is 70 odd pips to the top of that box from the SP.

Kind of all depends on the close of the Fake out bar, if we get one.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
For sure it does.

g.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
That's ok as long as you understand that you're going to require the fake out setup to work out twice for you. The market is generous enough some times but it really isn't a pet dog. lol

If we're looking at that pin bar as a fake out setup, then it has already hit its trouble areas and done exactly what one would have expected. I know it didn't quite pull back to the HHR first, but a pull back to it now is in a totally different context.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I like to wait with a pending order near HHR/LLS for setups that have done a bit too much via the fake out bar, only up to the point where price hasn't quite hit the first trouble area. As soon as price hits the FTA the pending order is off and I move on with the hunt. There is little merit to wanting a second shot at the exact same action that price is coming out of.

g.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
I got a real smart question from a trader via Pm (not sure why given the validity of the question) and keeping the anonymity that I guess he wanted, here's the content part so we can all learn:

Question:

Ghous,

I read somewhere if too many people follow the same system, the system fails. I don't know how that happens, but I assume that the pros will adapt to whatever change in methodology that the novices are up to.

Currently the thinking is that novice breakout traders enter on the break of resistance and soon get trapped by order flow from the pros. Now all the novice traders know that this is what the pros are doing. The novice trader then hears that this is what results in the pinbar formation. So now all novice traders start to enter at the low of the pinbar and places stop loss at the high of the pinbar. The pros realize that this is what the novices are doing and they then engineer a move to knock out the stop loss at the high of the pinbar. So basically speaking the pinbar setup would no longer work.

My response:

hey ________. Its not that simple and grim. Actually to be with the pros really means to be selling when the price is hiking? Can you do that? Does the method (this or James16 or any other) require you to sell hard when price is shooting off? Well of course no.

There is a difference between walking with someone, and simply following the footsteps. What we are doing, is following in the foot prints. The fake out and for that matter your pin bars and outside bars work as the foot prints of the order flow coming from the pros. We are just like all other retail traders - reacting to a bar.

There is a difference between creating a fake out and a pin bar and simply trading when one forms. Do you see how we are still a step behind the pros?

The only way the pros would get worried, is if I start teaching people to not do anything until price moves above a swing high and then simply sell. This would only make sense if I and all my students were market makers with those bundles of 100-500 std lot orders or if we could anticipate with great accuracy, what the pros will be doing exactly at the point that they are taking action (as in without any evidence/support from your chart) . Then the market would turn on its head and you'll have more pros than retail traders. More sharks than smaller fish. That's just never going to happen.

If anything, the more number of people following the system the better it gets.

We are just creating the order flow that follows in after the action of the pros.

g.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Here's one I am keenly watching beyond the EUR/USD trade that I am in:

Look at that nice accelerated progression into the HHR. We have a fake out but notice the strong close on the fake out bar itself. It managed to close under the HHR but we have very limited information with respect to the actual stop hunting efforts of the pros.

I will be looking forward to a second or perhaps even a third confirmation of price finding some real resistance at the HHR to consider a short based off the 4H here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Thanks Ghous

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Oh well. Nice colorful butterfly bro, but we're trading order flow here and not butterflies and moths.

g.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
hey Anthm,

For the sake of your learning its always better to try and come up with your own thoughts on the matter at hand and require its verification and further guidance as opposed to just putting the question out there.

I have no problem answering, but through the way I just suggested you get to learn more as well as provide me with some information about where you stand.

Anyways here's a chart with my thoughts on it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
I am ALL EARS on this H4 analysis of what is going on here.

--- 帖子 #255 ---
hey KOS,

First of all, never measure spreads in absolute terms. 50 pips could be a lot of movement for one pair and perhaps 1/10th of the amount of movement you see in some other exotic pair. This is so because different pairs have different trading ranges. Most of us use mt4 and mt4 charts operate through a linear scale as opposed to a log scale. So 3 inches of vertical movement in pips on one daily chart doesn't equal another. Interestingly, as pairs evolve into bigger or smaller trading ranges over time you don't even get the same pips across those vertical 3 inches on the same chart and same time frame scrolling from left to right. You can visually see this, when you see that scrolling left and right tends to sometimes contract and expand your bar/candle sizes.

That said, I agree with the fact that some pairs do of course come with untradable spreads but there is still no harm in just watching how setups unfold on these for educational purposes.

g.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Yes good point.

For intra day trading on the very low time frames of course you wouldn't want to go beyond maybe just a couple or so of the most liquid and traded pairs with the best spreads whereas for higher time frames larger spreads can still be negotiated.

g.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Hello Ghous and Everyone.

Thank you again for helping us.

I took short trade on Gbp/Jpy..

But where should be my first target ?

My stop being just above the fake bar.

Is this correct ?

--- 帖子 #258 ---
watching AUD/JPY

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Here is a quick question for new people to this method.

Experienced people don't need to answer it, to give the new people a chance.

If you would take this trade or even would not take this trade, supply the reasons for either.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
no,  need to wait for next bar

--- 帖子 #261 ---
I take that means, you would take the trade on the close of the bar?

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Only if the next bar broke below the low of the pin par.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
hi pinbar,

i would think that it will depend on the FTA below the bearish bar, whether there is enough space for price to drop before it hits the FTA.

judging from the picture, it seems de bar close at the FTA ?

so i wouldnt trade it

hope to hear ur explanation!

--- 帖子 #264 ---
I might think pros are even more happy

What do pros need:

1) LamerTraders who long on the breakout of the resistance, and thus they give liquidity.

2) Traders who will push the price down after the entered short. Guess what, if no one would enter short after the pinbar formed they could wipe out their butts with those 100-500 std lot position, since price is not moving down. And thats where were we come in the picture...

Its like a kind of symbiosis. With their huge positions they are able to reverse the flow, and then we push it up for them, hoping for some crumb to fall down...

//I quoted your post cause mine is in connection with it, but obviously you are not the "target" whom I'm telling my point of view g. You all know that

Cheers,

Stephen

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Good to hear people having a go at this.

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Hey Ghous,

I just read this.

I pressume you do know that, you can edit the first post even after months.

Only the first page though.

But, you could put everything in that first post.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
For example a disclaimer that this stuff isnt for new guys. With big, bold, underlined, red letters

And also that it's highly addictive.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
I don't agree that this stuff isn't also for new guys. I find it easier to apply than the james16 stuff (it took me months to understand james16 stuff and I really think it's easier to look for important swing points than for important PPZ or other patterns, the most difficult thing I think if we have enough space to take the trade).

If I wanted to teach a friend trading I would teach him this strategy first before J16 and I think it's less confusing for a newbie than J16. You can learn a lot only from the first pages while on the other thread you must read a lot of pages before you begin to understand (when I was first trading I thought every pin should be traded).

--- 帖子 #269 ---
I just pulled out of my Eu trade for a half bar loss.

There is just no momentum due to the US bank holiday and price seems to be trickling into Friday's fake out wick. This is still not over but I think from this point on, taking a full bar loss is not what I am willing to accept.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
yes I do. In fact I do plan on updating the first post with important post numbers and links.

g.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
This is a little advanced stuff in the sense that it draws on your knowledge and understanding of order flow. But I am trying to systematize it as much as possible while also providing details for people interested.

One of the quests for me, is to get the novice trader thinking in the right direction - that is in terms of price action and order flow. Easier said than done, much easier said than done, but I am up for the challenge and we'll see how it goes.

g.

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Yes, the order flow is advanced but I don't think a new trader must understand why it works to make profit. I think (and hope) an understanding of how it works (fake out of HHR, close below the HHR, space, entry close to the source) is enough to make profit.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Exactly! You hit the nail on the head

g.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Anyway, @Pinbar, did you completely quit playing the jarroo method?

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Last week daily live trades (small account):

GBPNZD -> R/R=0 (trade closed at BE after FTA rebound)

EURHKD -> R/R=2,04 (entry price close to FTA. No text book trade. I was lucky. Price pass thru FTA) -> post 63

No trades this week so far

NOTE: Ghous, If you prefer I won't post my results here, please let me Know. Thanks for your efforts

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Hallo, Ghous

If you see two correct setups in two different pairs with the same base currency, like GBPJPY and GBPUSD, do you trade the two setups (overexposure to GBP) or do you select only one setup to trade?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
I don't have a problem in your sharing of your trade results.

g.

--- 帖子 #278 ---
For me the idea of overexposure comes with two pairs that are strongly  correlated. The EUR/USD for instance is the exact opposite of USD/DKK and there is no point in going short one and long another. However the GBP/JPY and GBP/USD are not as closely correlated. Of course when the GBP is in action, the 2 tend to show more correlation then other times, but honestly, in these circumstances it will completely boil down to the type of setups the two pairs host.

But it is pretty unlikely for me to jumping guns on two trade setups simultaneously anyway...I usually like to give up on the setup that is of lesser, or slightly lessor quality.

g.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
GJ four hour

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Your charts (especially the second one) were really helpful. It's enlightening to see correct vs wrong setup...Thank you

--- 帖子 #281 ---
AUDJPY H4

Clear SFP.

Acceleration in to the level.

Plenty of room and clear air to FTA.

There is the possibility of retest at 89.38 though.

And there's a gap to be filled [if you go in for that sort of thing].......

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Little late reply though...

Pros

1.HHR is happening at a very deep swing point

2. Very clear fake out bar at HHR.

Cons

1. Pattern price came to the HHR is not good.

2. FTA very close and there are lot of barriers to the down side.

ohhhhh man this 50 50 chance

I would say it is worth to wait for a better set up rather short this

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Dear Ghous

"It managed to close under the HHR but we have very limited information with respect to the actual stop hunting efforts of the pros"

is this because small wick of the fake out bar??????????????/

and do you looking your second and  third confirmation also forming a bar with big wicks or just a testing of HHR

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Yep,  i've been waiting for this all day.    Waiting for a nice break below 89.00

--- 帖子 #285 ---
New day and first trade of the week.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
GJ daily, still short from H4 close

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Here's a H4 level on usdchf I'm watching

--- 帖子 #288 ---
IMO it isn't a good setup FTA is near and USDJPY today broke the upper TL, sorry now I can't upload a chart to show what I mean. btw I'd be careful shorting now JPY crosses. Just my opinion though

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Thanks again for yesterdays comments Ghous and Pinbar.Ghous as requested I have tried to do the commentary on this EU Daily chart myself.Gentlemen if you have time your take would be greatly appreciated. I am figuring a long entry at 1.3205 ie above the BRNKind RegardsAnthm

--- 帖子 #290 ---
People did very well in thinking about this hypothetical trade.

Personally, I would not have traded it for the following reasons.

1: Large bearish bar, with the close a long way from the level.

The bearish PB while showing order flow, gets us in after the fact, we want to be able to get in close to the people Stops who find themselves, on the wrong side of the trade. Their stops will get hit thus, reversing the buy to a sell order. As in Forex this is the only way to close a trade even if you close it manually.

This creates more liquidity for price to move in the opposite direction to the people on the wrong side of the fence.

This also creates a very large stop which, if we have clear space is on but in this example, that is not the case.

2: FTA is right below the bar, price could easily bounce there.

3: Notice the stair like trickle back to the level,we want to see more momentum on the swing back.

Also, these former resistance and support areas work more like ZONES than a line on the chart.

Good job folks

--- 帖子 #291 ---
The two methods can work in tandem.

I am looking at them both as confluence.

The thing with HCR-LCS is, I often found price would miss hitting them and I would not get an entry.

With the Fake out, we appear to have more people getting trapped on the wrong side of the fence.

I feel this is probably because, more people will be looking at a SP high than a HCR in the swing point.

Hope you get what I mean.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
I have a question for Ghous about the possibility of an early sign of a failure signature.

If we get a fake out at a good SP and then the next bar or even the next bar, takes out the high of the FOB, can this be an early sign of a possible failure.

I actually took this trade on GBP/JPY in demo to see if it will show me a sign of the the failure.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
This method is testing my patience at its maximum......

But..................... I like this...............

Thank you GHOUS, PIN BAR and all other senior members......

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Good morning guys....I am watching these too pairs, that could find SF pretty soon

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #295 ---
GBP News coming in 1 hour. Let's see how react at that point.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
I guess that GBP/CHF made a nice SF, despite the good PMI from UK....candle closed too far from HCR, so I set a sell-limit to HCR...We see what happens :-)

--- 帖子 #297 ---
I see that some people took the initial 4H fake outs on the yen pairs, and would have got caught on the whipsaw.

I made a video about my thoughts on these Yen setups as well as the more general logic behind waiting for multiple confirmations on lower time frames.

Will share it when I have it uploaded.

g.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
I have covered this in the video

But simply the length of the fake out bar and just simply the fact that it was the initial fake out that made me feel that I needed more information.

g.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Interesting trade.

I particularly like the BRN (1.3) confluence with the HHR. I'd have the stop loss slightly further above though as its sitting pretty close to 1.3 anyway.

g.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Not really.

It actually means the end of the trade for us as the stop goes beyond the fake out high/low anyway lol. But what I mean is, that price merely breaking the high/low of the fake out bar isn't enough to trigger a solid signal for the fake out failing. It might mean an end to a trade, but a trade remember, stems from a system, and a system simply extracts its merits from generalizations and elements of a market phenomena that are consistent and repeatable.

Getting back to the point, Price may break the fake out high/low yet still close back within it and start off with subsequent bars indicating implicit divergence. In that case, Every bar that follows the sequence only strengthens the setup further. It might look bizare at first, but beyond taking an initial loss on the trade the "fake out scenario" may prepare itself for yet another more promising setup for you. This is very common on the lower time frames. In fact that's actually where the idea of the using multiple confirmations on the lower TFs came from.

Here's a recent example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
That's the idea

g.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Fantastic to see you lend your analysis

I am glad you spotted the daily close being under the 1.32. The initial fake out was above the 1.32 which made me pull the trigger on the trade. But a bank holiday sucked out the momentum and price trickled through to close under the 1.32 for the day which lowers the appeal for thinking long on this pair for now.

g.

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Again that's going for the initial fake out on the lower time frames.

g.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
ok, Ghous understood, I stick with daily, thx

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Video?! O.o

PS: I saw your post mentioning the PMI - since when are you into the news/sentiment business ?

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Yeah dude, its on the way

PMI? That can't be me. lol.

check again.

g.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Asshhh. Sorry, you are right

Are you making a video - wohoooooo!

"A day of a daytrader"

by Ghous

Director: Ghous

Actor: Ghous

...

And then we see you - waking up, going to the bathroom, eating, and then sitting and waiting... waiting, waiting... and waiting... and waiting...

and then at the end of the day you say -> Nothing interesting.

And you go to bed

--- 帖子 #308 ---
I am actually setting up a channel where I can post occasional videos and stuff.

g.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
You gonna make a youtube channel?

Wow!

Looking forward to it

--- 帖子 #310 ---
I'd like to, but no. You tube is banned in my country. It will be on Vimeo.

g.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
I know a guy who could manage a youtube-channel for you. His name starts with Lamer and ends with Trader

I mean really - i could upload the videos and manage the channel.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
I appreciate the concern and the willingness to help but really I don't think you need to undertake the pain of manging the page. Vimeo or Youtube, the idea is to simply host the videos somewhere. So it doesn't matter.

Thanks a lot anyways.

g.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Here we go:

http://vimeo.com/73694161

I think I could have done a lot better but it is pretty tough first doing the video then having to watch through the lengthy rendering/production process and then the uploading process.

Anyways I am sure it will be of some help.

I cover the more general logic behind waiting for multiple confirmations on the lower time frames and then go into the specific setups that some of you guys posted here on the thread.

I would have so dearly liked to have the video embedded like the You tube videos but I guess that isn't possible with most other video sharing options such as Vimeo. So we'll have to live with what we have.

PS guys don't forget to hit the HD tab when viewing the video for improved quality.

g.

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Great Video Ghous !! Congrats !!

Im gonna do a backtest looking for that confimation on 4hrs SPF.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
hows this?

--- 帖子 #316 ---
This is what I think:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #317 ---
The first page is now edited with all the important posts numbered and linked. Will try to keep the list updated.

g.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
I can not open that video.........................

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Awesome video! Thank you for your input. I am looking forward to more videos from you!

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Awesome job, nice read and great knowledge from the thread ! Kudos to everyone who is helping out here !

Ghous, I have a question regarding EURUSD :

I'm trading using RSI and Fibonacci Levels, and based on those EURUSD still has room to drop until 1.29300 at least. I entered this trade short at 1.33100, in your opinion when is a good exit point ?

Regards,

VladG

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Good Morning,Ghous thanks again for yesterdays critique and Video,Here is my thoughts on today’s simulated trade that I have opened already GC Daily The question I have is this.When the new daily bar populates market wise we are in kind of no mans land. The US is finishing up, Europe well asleep, Asia awakening but still a long way off the Japan, Hong Kong, etc opens. Of course if all other factors are favorable for the trade do we take the trade on the opening of the new daily bar? Or do we wait a bit to see what price will do? ie. maybe until Japan at least opens?Look forward to some comments. Did anyone else take this trade?Regardsanthm

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Hey, you were right man, good call!

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Nice job on the video Ghous!

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Thanks Ghous, that was a very clear explanation and very interesting.

I shall put this knowledge in my tool bag.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
I would be careful.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
You did a great job on that video Ghous &, it is very, very informative.

Actually, right now, I am trying to use this information and apply it to the GBP/CHF setup.

One question though, you say, the H4 tf has less information that the daily but, is it not possible that we consider the fact that if we see more H4 bars reacting favorably to level, that we actually have smaller bits of information but actually more information?

Like a jigsaw puzzle, once you get the main blocks in place the larger picture starts to fall into place.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Dear PIN,

Let me ask question.....

Are you only waiting this  H4 bar to hit on the HHR?????. Then you can wait there with a pending limit order or How about entering after little bit of a momentem like H4 engulfing bar or Inside bar breakout

Kos

--- 帖子 #328 ---
I am waiting for a touch of the level.

Just experimenting with the H4.

No, I don't want to see a bearish bar like a PB or, especially a BEOB because, it will put price too far from the level and closer to the FTA.

Hope this is clear, if not shout.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Above Just to quote Ghous from post number 84.

It seems

to me everything is in place according to the Fake out set up for entry.

I see you pinbar waiting for extra confirmation, probably a great idea, as I am in the trade already (simulated) is suspect it will go north

--- 帖子 #330 ---
The 365 EMA confluence with the 1.46000 is the point for me.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
hey there,

What was the reason for your entry 1.331?

Anyway, for me, the 1.32 would be the decision point. I would have my stop stacked above it.

g.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Yes you are totally right and that's actually the point I was making in that video. I said "less information" not in general times but specifically in the instance where you decide to go short/long off a 4H fake out bar directly on the close. Waiting for multiple bars is exactly what I propose in the video as that then provides you with more information to base your decision on.

g.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Hey Ghous,

Well because I saw that it was a retracement from the 1.34800 level, the HHR on that TF and as you can see from my chart I waited for the retracement bar to close under the Resistance.

Now I'm going to lay out several reasons for my entry at that point and you,Pinbar or anyone who can dectect a mistake on my chart + analysis is free to tell me because I want to learn:

1. The 1.34800 it's 100 Fibo level on weekly and was not breached.

2. I'm watching EURUSD for quite a while and I see that everytime when it tried to touch or breach the 1.34800 level and failed a major drop occured, see here 27.01.2013, and 16.06.2013 now is quite the same case and I expect this drop to continue until 1.2930-40ish which is the 61.8 Fibo level on weekly.

3. RSI at 1.33100 was around 65-68 area which for me is a good sell entry point.

4. The price pierced to the Ichimoku Kumo on weekly, ( KijunSen  who is a major price magnet  is situated at 1.30928 inside the Kumo) a break of those levels will mean that EURUSD will make new LLS).

I know that maybe I have too many indicators on my charts but this 3 combined kept me from a lot of troubles until now and if I can learn also how to spot the FakeOuts with your help I think I can maximize my winning streak and reduce significantly the loss.

Cheers,

VladG

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Great info Ghous... read all from your first post.. added the info to the forex repository in my brain and accumulated all the info at one place for the new users..

Attached File(s)   ghousfakeouts.pdf

397 KB
|
2,466 downloads

--- 帖子 #335 ---
EURAUD H4 Long Trade possible Setup

Hi all, watching EURAUD, PA around LLS, for possible fakeout setup, i will enter only if i have confirmation retest ...

Comments appreciated

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Hi ebabra,

In my opinion looking at H4 + Daily chart EURAUD has still room to drop until 1.43870, which is the 3rd support and as you will see from my Daily chart is the FlatTop of the Ichimoku Kumo or Cloud. That point for me is very important because if it will be breached it will creat a huge down move towards KijunSen on weekly, who is sittuated around 1.36ish.

Also the RSI is badly directed so be careful with the entries because is triky !

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Thanks MS.  for reply I am also waiting to see the reaction to 1.4400, which is not far from your level, so far no reaction to LLS, ...

--- 帖子 #338 ---
No worries buddy  , I'm glad that I kept you out from a bad entry and I hope I can do the same thing from now on ! Take care and watch for those levels !

Cheers,

VladG

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Thanks Ghous

I should really be out of this trade now, especially as we have H4 bars closing above the 1.46000.

Perhaps the SL is too big?

That said, I now realize the dilemma of having to wait for a daily close above the fake out bar.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
I'll be getting to the questions soon...

I am currently looking to sort the issues out with Vimeo. Looks like the free version has serious limitations. Its not even allowing more than 1 uploaded videos in a calender week to run in HD!

I think I'll have to move elsewhere. Need a little time...

g.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Awesome video Ghous, for now though, I am going to stick with the dailies

Of course even the dailies don't give a 100% guarantee with these set ups, but with some common sense and money management, I think are much easier to trade than lower time frames.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Hats off Sir!

That shows soo much maturity I am almost jealous lol. Because I can remember every time I got hooked to a new system I wanted every basic/advanced trick to go down my thick skull straight awayl

I started off with the dailies as just an excuse to get good at trading so I could later move to trading the lower time frames big time. And today I am trading full time and still majorly trade the higher time frames. I don't think the lower time frames come anywhere near the peace that the higher time frames deliver.

Refreshing post.

g.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
I tried deciphering what you're saying but really couldn't in the end. Quite possible that its due to the fact that the entry you took was more because of your other method than the fake out method.

So there isn't much I can comment on except that you got a nice trade there.

g.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Good stuff! This is going to post 1

g.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Agreed.

There is no harm in cutting the trade out before it hits the SL if there is strong evidence that the trade isn't working out the way you want it to. I do it all the time, so much so that its not common for me to take a full bar loss.

I took a half bar loss on Eu that I shared here, and another half bar loss that GJ gave me. I actually recorded that trade and was going to put up on the vimeo channel when I noticed it won't play in HD.

g.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
I will let it play out as the SL rule is a close above the FOB.

This is a demo trade so, I will watch the mechanism of the SL working or not.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Another 4hr/Daily method similar to Jaroo...I'll play along. Here is a 4hr chart of GBP/NZD making some Southern Exposures off of the strong resistance.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best,

Eric.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Hey Eric,

Its good to see you here.

g.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Your posts have been scarce on the PF...I went looking for where you went...and found you over here. I can hang out here too.

I'll help out where I can. HHR and LLS look like HCR and LCS, so my charts will have similar sounding terms on them. Daily/4hr/1hr is my cup of tea.

Glad to be here,

Eric.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
I still drop by the PF every few days. Love reading the stuff there. Just don't post around much but I am still there.

g.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Very Nice Look. It looks cool.  I will look for PA in lower time frame.

First traget 1.3250, second 1.3300 or it can be 1.3400.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Is this a setup:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Is this EMA rejection trade ???????

--- 帖子 #355 ---
This was a nice setup, apart from the close being too far from the level. Too bad I was in the middle of moving house at the time.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Yes, but not one that needs more than a few seconds to pass on.

See reasons on chart.

Hope this helps

Edit; Oops wrong chart.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Good Morning all,

To Ghous thank you for all your time, Video is beaut I hope we get some more. Pinbar also thanks for your inputs and advice, all well recieved.

As you see form my trade on post #321 I got stopped yesterday. I figure I was one of the smart money traders bait.

This is my trade today once again I am left with exactly the same questions as post #321 (should I enter immediately on the close of the FO bar ie: early evening US)

Also further to this as in my trade yesterday the 150 EMA is not really and influencing factor (ie: its quite a distance form the FOB or HHR/LLS) but i see in some of Ghous set ups in early posts #2 it was not a factor either.

Any comments and critique would be greatly appreciated.
Kind Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #358 ---
I am going in, put my Stop loss at the end of bar.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
I would be careful with such "off the system" trades. They might turn out to be good, and then these give you some kind of positive feedback, that "yes, it was good that I made this trade, since I made profit"

Also note that we just broke out of the PPZ and what you see and trade might be nothing more but a pullback or a retest.

2) I know we dont talk about news that much but also note that NFP is coming out this Friday which will have the final word on the EU...

I hope it makes some sense

Cheers,

Stephen

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Hey LT,

I am in a confuse.  This is not a fake out trade and what I see is 150 EMA act as a resistance.

You mean 150 EMA rejection trades are not include in original method aren't it???????

Pl clarify..

Thanks

KOS

--- 帖子 #361 ---
This was developing nicely. Naughty pup had me up till 2 am but then failed to close clearly above the 1.32.

It did, by a few pips but I have mentioned this before that I always prefer visuals over actual pip calculations. To me, this was like a close almost at the LLS. It had to be a pass for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
I know order flow is advanced. If we just read this thread first, it is RELATIVELY easy because Ghous in his generosity has made this easier for all of us. But I think if we really want to have intellectual curiosity, it is important to delve deeper into order flow .. the approach lamertrader has adopted. Its just my opinion.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Hey KOS,

No it wasn't an EMA rejection setup. It was developing as a fake out setup but with the "extended drag" that we talk about on the lower time frames. Where price initially fakes out, and then travels further into HHR/LLS before turning around again.

Here, the initial fake out, met a US bank holiday and the lack of momentum just allowed price to trickle through the wick of the fake out bar as it "dragged" on to find the next major block of orders. That point came in around the 150 EMA and price started pushing back up to the 1.32. This is always the most critical stage of the fake outs. Because if price was going to get rejected as resistance off the 1.32 then this then becomes a typical breakout+pullback+continuation phenomena. BUT if price permeates through the former support LLS as if there was no resistance there at all, then this is very much reminiscent of a fake out scenario. Once again, if this had to be a true breakout, then price should have just dropped through, and if it had decided to pull back then it must have held on its way back to the LLS via resistance (so as to confirm former resistance turning into support - a critical per-requisite for breakouts).

In this scenario however, Price did initially jump back above the 1.32 but closed weakly to keep us guessing if the LLS really wants to hold as resistance or has it allowed price to permeate through and once again use the LLS as support. Hence the pass...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Heck! Brilliant!

I would take a setup as good as this as a regular pin bar trade J16 style

Thanks for sharing and good luck with moving that heavy furniture out

g.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Dear G...

Can you pl explain ground behind this trade opportunity.....

Regards

KOS

--- 帖子 #366 ---
That's a fake out bar?! Oops. The concepts here seem entangled a bit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let me know if this makes sense.

g.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
This is on my watch list.

Will be interesting to see if the LLS holds up as resistance or not.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Hupss sorry

I haven't got my own charts in front of me so I only saw your blank chart. And thats why I though you are doing dome kind of late entered fake-out.

I didnt sped much time with the base-trading though.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Hi ghous

I am watching this too, as with Neg. correlation with AU, beside that shall we see if AU is going to reverse from its trend line or going to react to HHR, anyhow the usual order flow that we are looking may not happen since NFP and many releases are ahead and orders may be triggered at this stage (just speculative)

e.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Please correct me. In the first page of this thread you mentioned  -“A fake out setup, as per this method is NOT over unless you get a close beyond the fake out bar high/low”
Now,
In the EURUSD daily chart, following the fake out bar, price closes below the LLS. So to me as per the criteria that you mentioned, the fake out set up is over.  So I am wondering why are you still persuing the fakeout setup?
What I do when I see the fakeout is the following:
1. If the fakeout bar on a daily is a good pinbar with confluence, I make the entry below the low/high of pinbar.
2. If the fakeout bar is not a pinbar, I wait for more confirmation on different time scales … 4hr, 8 hr, 12 hr … when I see a pinbar, I say fake out confirmed and I enter at the low or high of the pinbar. This is exactly what I did in the recent GBPJPY trade (which failed L).

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Oh wow, I did miss something very fundamental. Ok, so do i need to find the LAST HHR or the LAST LLS.?

Oh no wonder I get stopped out all the time.

Thank you I will soldier on

Regards

anthm

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Here's a trade I took on the GBP/JPY 4H

Had to eventually cut this out for a half bar loss as price showed absolutely no interest in carrying forward the thrust from the big sell off the bearish pin bar.

Notice how 3 consecutive bars after the bearish pin bar hardly dared to penetrate the low of the bearish pin bar i.e break it. Despite a close below the HHR price at first seemed more keen to test the 155 and then discovered there weren't enough sellers there anyway to build on the initial impact.

At the end of the day as traders our job is to simply use the available information to make logical decisions about entry, exit and trade management. In the end its always up to the market what it wants to do. The individual result on a trade will never be as important as the decisions you continuously make trade after trade that you can always go back to and convince yourself to be logical and sensible.

Once price popped out of my last safety cushion (the 155 RN) there was absolutely no point in holding on to the trade till the high of the fake out bar got taken out (i.e a full bar loss).

Also the deferred entry at a better price also made the management a hell lot easier, though as I say in the vid, there is always a risk when you decide to defer your entry.

Just a little insight into how I am thinking when I am in a trade and managing it live (its available in 720p):

Oh and its You tube too! (Thanks Steve)

Inserted Video

I'll be moving the other video to the You tube channel as well and editing the relevant posts.

g.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
@Ghous

Is that what people mean with "order flow is a mindset" --> That it's not simply trading these setups with it's strict rules, but it's much more reading what's price is doing over time. Getting an understanding what's going on, how the sentiment / other traders' opinion changed and then we act upon as these information.

As if it were playing a game of chess. The opponent moves - we stop and ask ourselves "why did he do that" -- in this process we might change out entire strategy or point of view. For example I wanted to use the "Sicilian defence" but this move made me to consider the whole picture.  - Now I want to take in consideration his move, and act upon it - with for example using the Semi-Slav Defense.
In this process nothing happened but that we wanted to act upon the opponent's move, and we wanted to out-game him...

Im getting a feeling that forex is just like a game of chess... People want to screw out with each other - using the liquidity provided by the small guys, setting up s fake set-up etc.  And right where the small guy would think - "it's time to get out" - well, then the big guys know now they can reverse their position and ride the horse into the sunset...

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Hey Giggles,

The fake out setup didn't fail. the fake out bar did.

When we were holding these discussion in the HCR/LCS plus SFP research thread, we were discussing how the "fake out" is more a phenomena then a bar really. I've already shown through the video that on the lower time frames in particular you well get a lot of "failed initial fake out bars" which eventually turn out to be perfect textbook "fake out scenarios" in that price does exactly what you would want to see in a fake out situation except that its spread out on more bars instead of just one.

On the Euro too, we got an initial nice looking fake out bar that I took a small loss on. You're right that price actually closed under the fake out bar low (Which confirms to us that the fake out bar has failed) but the subsequent action is still very much in line with what we want to see. Price failing to gather any momentum to the downside getting a strong bullish reaction at the 150 EMA and traveling all the way back into the 1.32 RN that lies in confluence with the LLS.

Like I mentioned though, it just got messed up in the last few hours for me.

The confusion will wear off once you start to look at the fake out as a method and an actual live situation as opposed to just a bar. In the end the bars are our real triggers all the time (so here too, I was actually looking for the daily "bar" to close above the 1.32 nicely) but depending on what we see, the actual trigger bar may not necessarily always be the initial fake out bar to make or break a setup for good.

g.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Exactly! Treating this whole thing as a "mindset" for traders coming in with a notebook to pen down the exact rules for entry and exit is where this method is a little advanced. It takes a little time to break out of the "systems way of approaching trading". Ask any successful trader and he'll tell you how much the gut comes into play when taking/managing trades as well as passing trades. Yes we want to be as logical as possible but over time you're not even consciously wondering the logic behind your actions. You almost know you're being logical without having to consciously wonder about it. This is scarily good and probably the pinnacle every aspiring trader want to achieve. The point I am trying to make is that it can only be achieved if you start thinking in the larger capacities of mindsets as opposed to rigid rules and systems.

g.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Watching CAD/JPY

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Thank you, for re-assuring me that I'm on the right way

I remember as i first read the lines "OF is a mindset"... I shrug my shoulders, since I didn't understand what the hell it should mean...

Now I just look back at my "3 months before myself", who wanted to make equations and giant excel sheets...

It's like if I wanted to make science out of chess...

People want some holly grail system - is there a holly grail strategy in chess?...

But we can build an edge and become pro chess players... And that's what we are here for...

Honestly what I lack here on FF are the posts about psychology... I mean we got all these PA, Technical Analysis stuff and usually nobody  ever mentions a word about psychology. (Though experts say trading is more about psychology then some rules in your notebook.)

All the new guys come in, with dollar signs in their eyes ( just like this guy ) and they just want to write down an exact system, and start earning money... And the faster you want, the further you get from the truth...

Thankfully I got a great mentor, who smacks me in the face every time I lose my patience...

Anyway At least now it starts to make some sense what the hell im doing here, and what actually trading is...

Ghous, Pinbar and others - Thank you guys, for all your help!

Stephen

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Price has held up on the LLS. Can the next bar push through. It must if this has to remain under my radar.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
This is not a Fake Out Bar and the swing Point is rather small.

Check out the chart.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Hey Brixton,

Once again, its all about the story.

Notice how its headed straight back into a responsive round number and the bar high turned flip just under it.

Should make the trade a very tricky proposition

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Is this a valid Setup at the marked bar. if you put the Stop Loss at the low of that bar you got stopped out, correct??????

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Again, what a great video. Excellent how you managed the trade and thanks for also showing a trade that went against you. Not a lot of ppl would do this

Good to see you are on Youtube now!

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Yes I agree,  hence i'm just watching atm.  It one of those ones where I want to see what the next few bars have to say

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Ok so the Youtube channel is now up and both videos are on it live!

Here's the link for those of you interested in bookmarking / subscribing:

You tube channel

Thanks a lot Pinbar (Steve) for helping me set this up.

g.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Can anybody comment on my chart i posted earlier today ????

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Hey there,

I always use the fake out bar high/low level plus the spread plus a buffer (usually 5-10 pips) for my stop loss. But in case you would have gotten stopped out, this was still 100% tradable on the next bar (that took out the fake out bar) as it only worked as a nice second confirmation of the LLS holding as support.

g.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Thanks for the answer

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Not at all my friend, my pleasure.

Too bad that we both now live in countries where VPNs are necessary.

When will they learn? Probably never.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
All the best Ghous...

Cheers..

Sonic

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Hey my friend!

Good to see you here

g.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
I shorted AUD/CHF at 0.8571 in H4

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Wheer is your Sl??

If it doesnt break through you will see a big bounce back

Greetz

--- 帖子 #393 ---
SL at 0.8616,  HHR at 0.8585

Price has tested HHR 5 times + BRN 0.8600

--- 帖子 #394 ---
USD/CHF also in my watch list fake out formation already happen....

HHR at 0.9395

Waiting for second maybe third confirmation........

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Pretty aggressive given the fact that you still don't have a confirmation of price getting rejected off the HHR. Its holding up fine but it has yet to close as a 4H bar that shows "rejection"

We may get it on this current bar, but that's still just only a "may" because we haven't closed yet.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #396 ---
That was mine opinion also

Thanks :-)

--- 帖子 #397 ---
yet to close as a 4H bar that shows "rejection"................... Got the point

Thank you very much... both G and O...

I will monitor this trade closely next 1 hour

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Looks dodgy to me.

There appears to be more space to go up than down.

In fact I am not seeing that many setups worth taking right now across the board.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
From mine own experience i know that you have to be very very very selective when taking trades

Greetz

--- 帖子 #400 ---
GBP/JPY or EUR/GBP seem the most viable.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
How about USD/JPY on 4H? There is a rejection already from the swing point and the current candle too looks like rejecting the HHR.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
USDJPY didn't have a "clean" run in to the level, with nice acceleration.

It kind of ground it's way up there, creating lots of consolidation which will be an obstacle on the way back down.......

Sorry, can't post a chart at the moment.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
I looked at it for about 15 seconds and decided, it took me too long to look at.

Personally, I am looking for space for price to move through as opposed to consolidation boxes.

This comes from learning the J16 stuff for a long time.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
raped by the news again!

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Ghous and Pinbar -  would you mind telling me say,  of your last 10 trades,  what was your average stop loss size in pips?

--- 帖子 #406 ---
have yet to make 10 trades with this methodology.

I got stopped out on the GBP/CHF for about 40 pips.

Last month was a bad month as Ghous will testify to.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
We have a rejection off the HHR but look how price has been dragging along to it. This drag shows less of lacking intent and more of order accumulation. Not good if the theme of the story is that of a fake out. You want price to be accelerating into the HHR.

Also the thing you need to understand about price reacting at swing points is that, obviously since the HHR/LLS major and minor actually exist because price used them as turning points and major opposing order flow came in at that point, its almost natural to expect at least some kind of knee jerk reaction which can sometimes be captured in a "fake out bar" so to say. You'll see tonnes of examples of fake out bars appearing at even the most minor of swing points.

It is hence important to not approach this method with your eyes simply hunting for any swing point and just any kind of rejection of it.

The elements of space underneath, the confluence of the HHR with round numbers, price accelerating into the level, nice strong fake out bar off a nice deep swing point, divergence (implicit or explicit) all are extremely important considerations.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hope this is clear

g.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
News? What news? What are we talking about here?

g.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Wow. A peculiar question but...

About 45 pips. How does that help?

g.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Not bad, just a little tricky and severely unlucky (for me) lol.

g.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Just trying to build a picture of the types of trade you take.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Yeah well that would be skewed towards the higher time frames as that is where most of my trades are.

g.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
I like CAD/JPY, but wanna see close below 95,0
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Looks nice but where is your FTA (FIRST TROUBLE AREA)??

Is there enough room for targets???

Always ask those 2 questions before considering a trade.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
[quote=Oakwoodinc;6944091]{quote} Looks nice but where is your FTA (FIRST TROUBLE AREA)?? Is there enough room for targets??? Always ask those 2 questions before considering a trade.[/quote

i have it there, i always consider fra and tp, but thx for comment anyway

--- 帖子 #416 ---
That swing point, if you zoom your chart out is pretty minor compared to the ones near the edge of the wedge that price seems to be in. And then again there has been no unusual activity at the HHR at all. Just small range bars poking around and price sitting nice and comfy within the wedge.

I am not sure about you, but thinking of breakouts or fake outs doesn't seem like a very good idea when price is still pretty much inside the wedge.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
I got your point, amazing to see your thinking

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Hi Ghous,

Amazing thread you have this, and kind of maturity you gained at your age is remarkable. I am 6 years older than you but still make emotional decisions in trading. Need to learn a lot from you mate. Anyways keep up the good work.

I have an eye on GBPCAD which has been uptrend for a while now. Its struck at monthly resistance point, which as per my chart history very much the top range. Price has been rejected once and its trying a retrace back-

http://img839.imageshack.us/img839/2618/b20o.png

Uploaded with ImageShack.us

I am planning to take a short with SL at 1.6518. Please share your views.

Regards,

Maddy

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Hey Maddy,

Welcome to the thread! Glad you're enjoying the material.

Actually the GBP/CAD doesn't interest me too much. You identified the HHR as well as the fake out pretty well, but what you also need to learn to consistently do for each of your setups that you analyze, is to ponder a bit over the bigger story as to what exactly is price up to. With a little practice it only becomes easier.

Here I have price breaking out of the sideways channel as well as the 1.62 BRN. It faked out at that HHR level and the next bar did as much as pull right back to the trend line and the 1.62. Not surprisingly, it found some support at these areas and closed higher. Now looking at that initial fake out, I know I hadn't stopped at this setup for more than 5 seconds when I looked at it live because I am obviously aware that given the breakout of the PPZ and the channel the story is too heavily bullish to want to actually short off the HHR. In all honesty I think the setup almost performed too well by literally pulling back into all that traffic to retest the broken trend line and the PPZ.

That said, going short all over again is a big NO for me. As it is, going short the first time isn't something I was too keen on, a short second time round is a BIG BOLD NO obviously for the reasons mentioned above in text and below in the chart/picture.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

(on my other computer without the toys. Hoping the chart makes sense)

g.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Make sense! so at best we can assume that price at max will dance around between 1.6200 and 1.6400 before getting into uptrend or downtrend. Actually it is doing the same in daily chart at the moment.

http://img822.imageshack.us/img822/6875/5p14.png

Uploaded with ImageShack.us

In other words, for understanding in logical terms we are very close to the support at 1.6200 and price bar forming a doji signifies that. Bull bear Battle is on!!!

Thanks Ghous and please correct my interpretation if required

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Well 1 more trade set up, EURGBP- not seen much of price rejection and fake outs lately on this. Previously it has been straight reverse. Let me know your views-

H4

http://imageshack.us/scaled/large/62/bm79.png

D1
http://imageshack.us/scaled/large/59/2frp.png

Thanks,

Maddy

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Hello Ghous ... Take this job considering the TL short price and should seek the next support.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Hey Cesar8

I am looking at your chart and wondering if you really understand the method that Ghous is teaching here.

I say that because, I can not see any relationship to a fake out on the chart you are in which, you are have a sell order on.

This may initially appear like a very simple question but, just think about it for 5 or 10 mins.

Why would you want to sell at a low price, instead of a high price?

Whether that trade works out or not, just think about it.

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Not really. All that I am saying is, that price broke out of a trend line and PPZ and simply pulled back to it to confirm support off it. Its up to the market really if it wants to continue to dance around or simply shoot of north. Either ways a short opportunity isn't on.

g.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
yeah this one is on my watch list too.

g.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
A short explanation of the how to look for these levels and how to trade them for people not sure.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
I don't see a fake out. But wow. You have shorted straight in the middle of a down trend straight into support. That's either very gutsy or just pure submissive

g.

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Hi Ghous,

Much impressed with the thread. Analysis and explanations by you and other contributors like Pinbar is very detailed and done with patience. Look forward to learning how to trade using higher time frame.

Best wishes for your thread.

Dot

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Great! would be interesting to see your entry (if you can share). As its a slow moving pair would you be waiting for retest?

Thanks,

Maddy

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Guys...

Yesterday I watched a video on order flow partly...

He mention that banks also have to bear a execution cost (may be spread) which is a big concern for them.. is it true????????.. Do banks or big boys also have to pay spread...or execution cost....

If they unable to find high liquid market for their big lots then this execution cost go high as price vary.....

Sorry if this question is off the track but I like to learn more on this Order flow scenario.... What I think is once you understand the work behind the stage it is easy to understand what those candles are telling us...

If you know good source to learn basics of this order flow please direct me... Of course what G, PIN and other members explanations are more than enough to become profitable

Thanks

KOS

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Hi Kos,

You might find this website useful. There is a lot of information here and you can download and save the articles as an ebook. BTW i don't have any sort of affiliation with this website. www.traderplanet.com

Best Wishes

Steve

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Hi Ghous,

Great work with analysis of the big boys' play!  I see people here are working hard to get the fake-out strategy on 4H charts, with some success and losses due to "fake" fake-outs. I am of the opinion that looking for fake-outs and using them would be much less stressful and successful on the daily charts, than on the 4H. I can see how it would present fewer opportunities for entry but they would be few "good ones" rather than more "bad ones". Again that's just my opinion.

I kinda wish there were more threads like these exposing the psychology of the big sharks feeding off us little fish, rather than introducing trading systems that people spend months demoing, and still fail in live...me being one of them.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
I hear you on understanding why the order flow works as such but, then again, I feel it is rather like knowing how a car engine and transmission work, which I know well. It does not make you a better driver. All we need to know is how to drive the car, occasionally use a map & avoid other traffic, just like trading.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Hi Ghous and Pinbar Thanks for sharing your knowledge. great thread. my views on GBPCAD pair correct me where i am wrong..

thanks

jeet

--- 帖子 #435 ---
I think you will find that the SP this occured at is a long way back in time, too long in my opinion.

Also, the pullback is not part of a fake out setup, once it pulls back that far, we are probably already out of the trade.

Or should be.

Price has been trying to brake out of this consolidation since 2010, the current area of where price is, is tricky and it could find support there for a push up.

I would not short this. right now.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Well, this trade worked and best price keeps falling. but I play the take profit. The breaking of S & R is best, combining it with the price action.

Ghous Thank you for your dedication, keep going.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Hi Ghous, hi everybody!

Just wanted to jump in and thank you all for such a clear and patient explanation of how and WHY this system works. I just catched up with the thread and hope to be a little more active from now on.

Hi Kos,

everybody got to pay the cost of doing business, even the big players. Of course their "spread" is much much smaller then ours. But their main issue is having to move huge amounts of currencies without driving the price agains them. Imagine you have to sell 500 million dollars: this starts to get big even for forex. So as you sell them, the price drops, because essentially you are flooding the market with liquidity. You could be able to sell the first 100 millions at, let's say 1.4, other 100 at 1.35 as price drops because of your selling, other 100 millions at 1.3 and so on. This is the main problem for the big guys. And this is the orderflow all this system is based on. Ghous explained it very well in his first post here.

Regards,

Zul

--- 帖子 #438 ---
I recently saw a youtube video (im not linking it on purpose cause then i might be stamped as commercial member lol)

In the example 75m was sold. The guy has some nice slippage of 1pip. (i think it was like 24m got filled at market price, then 25m with 0.5 pip slippage and the rest had 1pip slippage.)

With this slippage they lost 7k more than without slippage. The example was supposed to be realistic...

Anyway if you trade during the day (small swings etc) then you see how much this can mean...

--- 帖子 #439 ---
cesar8

Funny how things look different to different people, and from the view they see it.

My take is the weekly the trendline could be drawn as below. Also see price is compressing up. Also, note that Ghous method explained in this thread is NOT about breaking S&R, but playing the 'fake break' - very different. You seem to be playing the game that the big boys capitilise on - (a bull/bear trap could be another way to express it)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And a pin bar could form on the daily later on signalling a buy - we'll have to wait and see.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PS - I'm not sure about the buy trade, just pointing out the difference

--- 帖子 #440 ---
And 75M in some situations is nothing. Billions are moved in few hours for a given pair. Moreover if you want to sell such amounts you've got to find someone who is willing to buy such amounts. And who the hell wants to buy when price's sinking like a stone? Certainly not  other big fishes out there. Here the need to artificially create buying pressure by fooling the less informed players (retailers, or in other words, US).

--- 帖子 #441 ---
You mean considering the 30 Aug 105.59 level as LLS? This seems to me a very minor level. Maybe not to much selling pressure would be created by a fake breakout of that LLS to be useful to bigs?

--- 帖子 #442 ---
This is USDCHF Daily. I know it's not a "perfect" setup, we have no pinbar but seems to me quite the same theme, as we have a strong break up a LLS but no follow through, next bar (today's) comes back lower than LLS.

What about? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Agreed, which is why I am not sure about it. (I should caveat I only saw this thread yesterday and am playing catch up). However, the compression upwards makes me wonder whether the bigs will push it up to the HHR at 107.297  to take out the stops and then drive it down again (or up further). EDIT - the LLS, although minor was also BRN 105.

The purpose of my post was to gently direct the cesar8 to look further at where he was trading and the direction. I thought it would help to zoom out a little.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Ghous, what are you thoughts on taking a trade as the candle closes on Friday - do you wait for Sunday/Monday to enter the trade?

--- 帖子 #445 ---
A lot will depend on how the fake out bar closes. These questions can only be answered then.

g.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Good stuff Steve

g.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Hey KOS,

Of course they are paying the spreads. Execution is just an additional source of worry for them. The very existence of the fake out scenario exists to enable these traders to unload their positions and take part in the market.

g.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
The dailies will always be a step ahead in terms f their reliability compared to intra day.

g.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Very much agree with Steve,

But yeah if price can break this trouble area now it may head further down. Still no solid reason to be short though.

g.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
What S/R mate? And what Price action? Are you referring to it in general or you took a particular bar (looks unlikely as I don't see anything at least on that TF)

g.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Yes. He probably gave the example for the heck of it. In the real world no big trader in his right mind would want to execute the entire load via a single order regardless of how much liquidity is available.

Also don't forget, these guys aren't really looking for situations with high liquidity, they are looking for liquidity vacuums that they can fill up. Its the only way they can trade.

g.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
hey there,

There is still a lot of traffic that price will have to fight through to close strong and give us a free way to take a trade in. A close under 9350 at least, in which case the bar highs under 9300 could come into play.

Still just looking at the clouds and making out patterns as there is still a lot of time for the week's activity to come to a close.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Of course. Waiting for the Sunday/Monday open is always the more logical option as opposed to jumping the guns on Friday and then only hoping that the market gaps in your favor on Monday.

g.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Thought so, but then I thought a gap in favour of the trade you would take, may then invalidate it due to SL size, then I thought but the gap would possibly fill, hence wanting claification - cheers!!

--- 帖子 #455 ---
What do you mean by "they are looking for liquidity vacuums that they can fill up. Its the only way they can trade."

Stephen

--- 帖子 #456 ---
yeah, and besides the gap issue, the market when it opens for the new week, will need to position itself for the day and the week and will usually start off really slow at times, or go off with a bang! Either ways its better to be out of a trade wishing you were in rather than in a trade wishing you were out.

People tend to absolutely lose their minds if they were planning a on a trade and then "miss" it. Its totally fine to be doing that if it was all for the noble cause of risk reduction.

g.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
You'll know what I mean, when you go back to your charts and notice what usually ends up happening to major outbursts in either direction.

g.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
I'm one of them - losing is ok with me as long as I lose on a good trade (if you know what I mean). My downfall is always when I miss a trade (then I end up chasing - it's calls to me, seduces me, and then screws me!!

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Ahhh so thats what you mean

ahh got it!

Just like todays NFP report. Bann out, and bamm back. (EU)

Just beautiful what a nice vacuum can be left behind after a huge order...

And then they got the high price. If some big guy sits on it at the top its an easy trade for lot of pips...

(aka pushing back price into the vacuum, where it just falls back...)

Thanks!

(Is it what you meant? )

Stephen

--- 帖子 #460 ---
No, its not necessary for the pros to push price higher and then sell it off. It doesn't make sense because they'll essentially be trading against themselves.

An external stimulus or an internal rumor sucks one side of the liquidity resulting in price shooting/dropping off in one direction desperately searching for the next spot on the chart to regain that equilibrium state. It is times like these that the pros will target which is essentially why you see large sell offs following large rallies and vice versa.

Also, the market itself has no identity. Its merely a representation of the crowd behavior. The markets are searching for that state of equilibrium because that is where the most liquidity will be found. The utopian scenario of buyers and sellers together perceiving the same value for the underlying and nicely balancing each other out yields itself, hence providing no incentive for price to change much.

There is a conflict of interest between us traders and other market participants. They require price to be as stable as possible. We, the traders, want it to oscillate wildly. The more it moves around the bigger the price differentials, the more the trading opportunities. Its just human instinct to not be totally happy with what they have, even if its a lamborghini, as two wouldn't be that bad to have either. Hence comes the need (and the reason) for either party to eventually disagree and the liquidity equilibrium to get disturbed resulting in most of the moves that you see in the market.

The beauty of it all is, that this business has figured out how to profit from human emotions, every damn emotion that you can think of.

g.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
I guess I will read it a few times during the weekend, until i truly understand what you mean

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Homework for the weekend:

At the moment I see many many fakouts and pinbars.

Game:

Let's find the setups in the next 24 hours.

Then in the next 24 we will discuss them, so at the beginning of the session all of us will have great pending orders.

Let the game begin!

Stephen

--- 帖子 #463 ---
How about the price CAD-JPY was unable to continue rising, and makes a SFP, price closes below HHR, LT confirms the possible sale. Not a Pin Bar ideal, but I still warming to just get head. What think you???

--- 帖子 #464 ---
The other pair is not bad. Price does not cross LLS and bounces off the SFP.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Does not touch the SP at all on my feed or yours.

The SFP is not an area, it is the phenomenon of price piercing the swing point and failing to close below or above them &, there is No SFP here.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
This is why Ghous wants to see a SP pierced by a significant amount, not just a touch and close on or 2 pips above or below a SP.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
I am just as much talking to myself with that chart, to get the scanning of these pairs fixed in my mind.

So that, it becomes almost a reflex action to search and dismiss pairs quickly.

Thought it may help some new people also.

Helping others helps ourselves.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
This is EURGBP daily.

Doesn't seem an high quality setup as the low wick pierced the LLS just for a handful of pips, but maybe it's worth keeping in the watchlist. Maybe a second fakeout would validate the setup? Every comment is highly appreciated.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Hello ghous, Pinbar, and everyone in here.

I have been lurking here for quite sometime and I find this method very interesting. I like the rationale behind a fakeout that's why I 'm excited to be here. I hope I am welcome here.

Kudos to ghous for sharing his knowledge.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
A 4H confirmation of the LLS holding up on Monday will surely help.

But I agree, that first trouble area looks heavy.

g.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
This pair doesn't have much activity during Asia session. Do you look for 4H during Asia session or the first 4H after Europe session?

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Hey Taurus,

You are more than welcome here!

g.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
I am looking for price to simply pull back to the LLS and show signs of holding up. I couldn't care less which session entertains me

g.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Thank you very much for the warm welcome ghous.

My thought on the EURGBP.

Are you not concern with catching a falling knife scenario with this set up? Looks like some bears cornering profit than a fakeout to me. The distance from the close of the bar to FTA is just mere 30-40 pips. So from a reward to risk perspective, the set up doesn't provide a nice  return.

Supposing the LLS  holds on the 4hr, are we not taking counter trend trade here?

--- 帖子 #475 ---
AUDCHF

Will this be considered as a fakeout?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Hi, and welcome to the Ghous House of trading.

I am equally excited about being here and learning the art in depth.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
I think you would want to see if it puts in a bottom before going long. You still have a ll and lh behind it before new information....Chances are it will sell off -stall-  and then turn to go long. Just my impression. To go straight up would be odd. you have to many shorts to take out and they havn't reversed yet.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
nice thread, love to read about new methods!

here is a chart of german deutz on weekly. only for discussing the pros/cons of a setup. go for it...

--- 帖子 #479 ---
I just added my comments seniors may reply... I want to see whether I am getting this method right....

I think this is not a gud set up......

--- 帖子 #480 ---
My thoughts are the same.

Good job.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Just my Lamy thoughts...

EurSgd is a definite no-go...

I think GBPDKK has the most space...

EG has the most confluence, which might makes it a higher probability trade.

EC looks good too.. but i don't know. I just got this feeling if something was missing here... Maybe the confluence?

However note that we got 3 pairs with EUR in it. We have to pick the best one. (Cause if we pick all of them and EUR has a bad day... Well, then we are in trouble...)

PS:

Since this fakout-stuff will be part of my system now on,  I will spend here waay more time

--- 帖子 #482 ---
What do you think about CHFJPY?  FTA is in my opinion at 106.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and EURCAD?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Catching a falling knife, as I understand it, would be going short with price that already accelerated south.

This system IS counter trend in its nature, as Ghous clearly stated.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
In your notations on the EURGBP chart you write that there's a strong bearish trend in place. But Ghous said he wants to see a strong price acceleration which pierces the LLS but fails to close under it. Moreover I am not able to see a strong bearish trend. On a larger perspective the pair seems to me in a range between 0.8814 and 0.8395 since the end of Jan13.

You write also that 2 pinbars  already formed and bears were stronger. I think that they are not fake breakouts as per definition of this system.

Just my 2c.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
This is a feed different than the 5 Pm NY close feed that most traders now use, but anyway we don't have a close below the HHR. That close below the HHR is critical because it gives you the buffer/cushion of the HHR holding as resistance in case of a pushup. We still can't say with evidence whether the HHR will act or not act as support. As I put very often, "Not enough information"

g.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Whoa! Geez. Love that chart Aser!

g.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
very nice indeed. I am glad to have you spot the deficiencies on that setup Kos. Your On your way with a bang!

g.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
We are not catching a falling knife with bare hands and palms outstretched. We are standing whistling the beats of our favorite song and as it falls to the ground, next to us, we merely bend down and pick it up from the end its supposed to be picked up.

You see we are catching a "fallen" knife and not a "falling knife" lol. We're being as safe as one could possibly be in doing that action

Analogies aside, the idea isn't to buy straight into strong bearish bars, but to rather wait for it to hit a swing low and give us solid evidence of a rejection at the swing point.

g.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
The Llama's thinking hard this weekend. Good for him

g.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Thank you for the welcome sir. I'll definitely enjoy my stay here.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
I'll be adding more videos to the You tube channel in the coming week/s.

Let me know if you guys would need any specific topics to be discussed via a video.

I am also planning on a section for very basic videos for total newbies. So if you're in that group, post up a question you think confuses you like hell and you would like a video explanation for it.

PS. I won't have all day to do, produce and upload videos so I might have to pick and choose the topics I feel make the most sense to do a video on.

g.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Hi Ghous, Great thread.

I think I possibly speak for many in saying that spotting a swing failure pattern is pretty easy, but correctly identifying potential trouble areas and targets is more subjective, so I for one, would appreciate a video on that!

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Thanks for the reminder Dr_Zulu.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Points well taken. I will have this pair in my list this week. USDCHF too.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
What is there to watch on USD/CHF this week?

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Hi Pinbar,

Well...from a Jaroo point-of-view...shorts look to be good on UChf starting out the week.

After the poor numbers for NFP on Friday, UChf Daily/4hr prices broke and closed below a Monthly HCR (HHR in here). Prices on the 4hr retraced back to the M HCR, touched it...and closed back below it.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

High probability that the trend will now continue for Monday.

Best,

Eric.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
nice thread and system. many thanks Ghous

--- 帖子 #498 ---
gbpjpy
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

audcad
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Yeah great question. Also pretty basic in nature. I'll definitely put this in the line. One that I am thinking on doing a video for, is the concept of implicit divergence. We discussed it in depth over at the HCR/LCS thread but not so much here.

g.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
g.

I would like if you can discuss kind psychological part of this method...

Because I see most of the traders post set up some time there is very hard to relate this method and sometimes no setup... I think this is because most of the time impatience. Traders who used to take 5 - 10 trades per day will definitely suffer on no of setup on this method ( me tooooo ). So if you want success in this method all new traders have to practice patience like PIN and g. For me it is very much surprised  to see experience pro traders let go a day with out taking any trades

So if you can teach us how to practice our mind in parallel to technical side, to see or waiting for high probability set up it will be very much helpful.

Thanks for your help for newbies

Kos.....................

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Hi Zulu!

We want to see price accelerating into the level. The SFP setups that tom has been showing were like - some consolidation 2 or maximum 3 bars straight into the high. here you see ONLY bearish bars.

I know those 2 pinbars were not fakout bars. But what does a single pinbar tell us? That buyers came in from some reason, and were able to push price up. And still - bears were so strong that they pushed them down without hesitaion.

Im not saying that these setups wont work out. Dont get me wrong. Those were only my lamy thoughts

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Days lol... sometimes weeks

This summer was a pain in the ass sometimes...

About patience - lets go and trade every pin you see. Go and do it... It wont work out. You will get some nice losses, and you learn it the hard way then. That's what I did... Thank God it was only Demo.

Or when i was inpatient ghous smacked me in the face lol.

S.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
I would go with the EG. You guys?

I think we got the most confluence there (brn, ema, nice low)and we got decent space. Still thinking about the etnry though. (If i enter on pullback, or on break).

You guys?

--- 帖子 #504 ---
What do you fellas think

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Hi Pinbar,

A fakeout did occur as explained by cougar73. The week ended up with the bears taking profit. But the bottom wick could also suggests that there are still some serious buyers at 0.9350 that sellers were not able to penetrate. I 'll be looking out for buyers to re-attack the previous week's high. A failure confirms the fakeout.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Hello cougar73,

You said it well.

Imho, given that the bar ended up with a longer wick means there are still buyers willing to push price up higher. I am particularly interested on what will happen in the 0.9415-0.9450 zone. Price action at this zone will determine whether the fakeout is legit or not.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Hi LamerTrader,

It's going to be EG and UCHF for me. Best of luck to us.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Can you show me a chart and mark the fake out, you suggest I am missing on USD/CHF?

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Here is one I am in.

--- 帖子 #510 ---
That is exactly the point I am stating. This Fake out method is not the same as HCR LCS and there is only a minor SP in the vicinity of price where we look for them and, price has already closed above this SP and thus invalidated the level as an SFP.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Another one I am in.

I like the look of the weekly PPZ and the 8.8500 area.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Good day All, Thanks to Everybody here especially Ghous for startin a thread like dis... pls will love sm1 to show me a highest high candle stick n a lowest low candle stick on a chart suitable to start drawin a support n resistance line... on 4Hour n Daily TF ... Thanks and God Bless.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
This one's on the list.

g.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
I'd like to see a retest of 9400 (and a rejection) but that is still just me.

g.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
The best of the lot me thinks. I particularly like that upper wick which provides for a nice launch pad for a move higher. Also a safety cushion in the sense that if price tries to hang about and not look to fill in the wick then we know we have to watch out.

I don't have this pair on either of my live accounts so I'll have to be watching it from the side lines.

Its sitting at its FTA at the moment, and if the wick to the upside is to play its part, price needs to push through and fill it in

g.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Can be, but not all of us can have the luxury to follow every tick from home

Though 1 queston - why are we so sure that big guys entered long there? What if they just took profit? Or they would have done that before the swing?

Stephen

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Looking for the further EUR weakness, shorting @.8425 and @.8440. Look at tick chart below. Good luck.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Hmm.., I'm sorry but I didn't suggest that you missed the set-up. I merely stated that, to me, that was a fakeout there occurring at UCHF.

Here's the chart below with my thoughts on it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Hello Guys,

is there any difference between a fakeout and a failed breakout?

--- 帖子 #520 ---
there is nothing 'new' under the sun.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Thanks for this info Ghous, it explains a great deal.

So, we look for the wick as sort of a rocket launchpad guide and, by the time it reaches the top of the guide, we want maximum thrust so as to escape the earths gravity. LoL

Not looking so great right now, which is ok also as, even if it fails, I can learn from it.

Lets see how it reacts to the LO.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Thanks for your answer!

I got EG under watch. If a decent entry point will form, I'll go with it. For the moment it's going stubbornly South.

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Guess it's 8400?

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Does Ghous'es explanation of an entry say to enter short after a close above these levels?

This is not what he explains in  these levels and, I think any discussion of this being a fake out is only going to confuse new people to this thread.

I hear what you are saying about the fact that, price quickly filled in the bar to the downside but, this is not the basics of what we are discussing.

For an FOB to be considered an FOB it must close above for a long entry and below for a short entry.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
If we think in terms of an "order flow mindset" instead of looking for a "to the tick" setup (it's been repeated few times in this thread) maybe it's not vital that the "fake breakout" occurs in the very same candle.

I mean, the principle is the same, a breakout of a somewhat strong resistance level without a followtrough and a quick comeback inside the resistance level we call HHR (or LLS for support).

I know it's not the very basic of this system, but maybe it's important even for newbies to understand that bars are just an arbitrary way to divide the price action, which is continuos in its nature.

Hope I'm not confusing anyone here.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Just like to say this is a great thread.

Clear explanations and very informative. Also no arguments or pedantic intruders disrupting it.  Well managed.

Thanks Ghous for the thread and knowledge transfer and also Pinbar for further valuable insights.

Bravo guys

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Ahh yes. a typo. Sorry...

g.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Hey Steve,

It can actually be considered a double bar fake out. You're right in that its not a traditional "wick fake out" that we generally look for, but this is pretty much in the same league as a genuine fake out setup. That strong close above the HHR couldn't help price sustain the momentum. It pulled back and dropped under the HHR which validates it as a fake out setup. Once again its more about the "fake out mindset" as opposed to a rigid system.

But I am glad you picked out the fact that despite a fake out price wasn't able to close under that PPZ. This kept me out of the trade also. A close under that PPZ and that was a great shorting opportunity.

For now, I am waiting for the HHR to be retested and we'll see if its in the mood for a holdup.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Hey C,

Thanks for the compliments. Glad you're enjoying the material and hoping to see you hop on the bandwagon

g.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Brilliant!

Its all about the mindset guys

g.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
2 hours into the London session and price is still lost.

This is about the time that I would start watching the trade here very closely

If a pull back the LLS shows no signs of holding my plan would have been to get out of the trade without waiting for the stop loss below the low of the fake out bar to get hit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #532 ---
The video on Implicit Divergence is up!

Inserted Video

Enjoy!

g.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
I'm so glad you post your losing trades too.

I for one learn more from that than from anyone's best trades.

(It's not that I think that you'll lose this one, I surely hope it will go in your favour, it's just the occasion to thank you for the lost trades you posted in the past)

Cheers!

BTW, I'm in USDCHF @ 0.9374, SL 0.9457, TP1 @ 0.9286

--- 帖子 #534 ---
No no. I am not in this trade. If you read my conversation with Steve (Pinbar) you'll see that I actually didn't take the trade.

But since Steve is still in it, and I am watching it nevertheless, I was merely pointing out what the next logical thought should be with regards to the management of this trade.

cheers.

g.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Great video and outstandingly clear!

I'll just have to try to internalize this concept before it will become a part of my toolbox.

Thank you!

Zul

Whops!

Sorry for the misunderstanding! I didn't remember that post.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Just closed it out at BE+ as, I did not like how price is unable to close above the 150 EMA on the H4 TF.

Yeah the Asian session has been closed for 2 hours and even with the LO, it does not want to move.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Wonderful tip. Kudos to you Quidsey.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Got the message loud and clear.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Hi ghous,

The highlighted phrase is the very essence of this thread. Please correct me if I'm wrong.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Great vid. Thanks for sharing your thoughts on Implicit Divergence.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
guys pl see this chart. HHR just below the BRN. Pl comment on this....

--- 帖子 #542 ---
g....

Explanation and presentation is outstanding. Way that you present this new concept is very good. Sometimes I think why you put this much effort to help others for nothing and that is you.........

So here we go my first question on this presentation.......

Pl see the uploaded chart of UJ. As you have mentioned implicit divergence is ha penning right before the fake out which we don't like to see.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Yeah well, waiting to see if price could breach the LLS would have kept you in. Its always the last resort. This is essentially why a close above the LLS is so important. But I don't think cutting the trade out after all that waiting was a bad idea.

Just that I tend to be very very picky in selecting my trades, but when I do enter them I am willing to give them space and time to work out. You would have noticed this on the GJ trade too when I actually moved the stop back into the red a bit to give price a little more of a chance to work for me.

Never mind though, I am sure it was a great learning experience which was the initial intent anyway

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
EURCAD

--- 帖子 #545 ---
You are correct.

g.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Im also watching EUR/GBP at this level

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Hey Kos,

The blue area you identified is the problem area for me along with the other consolidation in the area. The current pull back to the HHR has been right off it, and even a second rejection at the HHR will push price back into the same area. Not a comfortable situation for sure.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Hey Kos,

Implicit divergence prior to a fake out (or even after a fake out) is actually good.

The consolidation you pointed out on UJ is not implicit divergence. The market is essentially going sideways with a lot of choppiness within a tight range. In the case of implicit divergence the trend will still feel like its intact as every bar will make an effort to actually push past the prior bar.

g.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Nice.

Glad it worked out for you.

g.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Nice video master!

When are the webinars coming?

Btw Im happy now - i caught a quite good entry

--- 帖子 #551 ---
yeah I have been looking at the EUR/GBP and thinking about you. You got yourself a nice trade there.

webinars? lol. Not anytime soon

g.

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Here is something I am looking at with interest.

Potential fake out setup off the prior swing high and 10.3 BRN.

Awaiting a close below the HHR  . . .

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
I thought, you were suggesting it was not a good idea to hold onto this one when you said, it was lingering after we were well into the LO?

I eventually came to the same conclusion.

GBP/DDK almost hit the tp but, I am keeping a tight leash on it as, this is a prominent PPZ.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Ghous and fellow traders:

I'm really enjoying and learning a lot from this thread, very clear, a lot of charts nice clear examples.

Looking forward to learn more from you guys.

BTW. Im really new to forex (one month maybe) I decided the learn only price action since everything else (indicators) is just a reflection of the PA.

Hey lamertrader I took the same trade as you, well maybe couple hours after. (Demo).

--- 帖子 #555 ---
WOW! You mean you won't be starting off with 10 indicators on the chart? You mean the naked charts appeal more than those flashy screens reminiscent of professional work? You mean you actually want to start off studying the most crucial indicator first, which is price and not start the other way round?

You really mean all that just 1 month into this business?

This is unfair.

g.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Completely unfair

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Ghous, at the moment I cannot trade due to personal and financial difficulties, but reading this thread caused a knee jerk reaction with me, I have tried to trade horizontal S/R on the larger time frames before, wether they are SFP or resistance that became support or visa versa. I have never had a handle on what the price action looks prior to touching/penetrating the line to stack the odds in my favor. I will be paying attention to the thread very carefully.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Give him a couple of months.

Isn't this much prettier?

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Great! Welcome to the thread.

G.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Wow, another great great video. Seems there is some very talented presenter within you :-) I cannot wait to see more coming from you. Keep up the great work

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Thats me 5 years ago.

I was actually trying to get rid of the price window altogether so all the indicators would fit in nicely. Good times those. A fortune seemed to be waiting round the next trade.

g.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Yeah, what do we need price on a cash machine for? The bank machines don't have price on them.

Yeah, funny how optimistic we are when we start out, and how simple it all seems.

Then it becomes crazily complicated and finally or a few years later, it becomes simple again.

Thanks to Ghous

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Watching CHF/JPY now.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Hey Brixton,

Not too impressed with that location given the recent bullish breakout that we've had out of that consolidation box.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
OMFG pinbar!!! The holly grail on your chart - buy at white candle, sell at red candle! Simple, plain... What else do you need?

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Just a little bit of practice geared towards spotting your bars at the right places.

We've all traveled the same road haven't we?

g.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
First excellent thread...

AUDUSD - thoughts?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Hey there,

For me the FTA would be too close to allow for stress free trade management (i.e the FTA is too close)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
What do you think of GBPCAD and CADCHF?

http://i39.tinypic.com/2eaqrtv.jpg
http://i39.tinypic.com/o76amb.jpg

--- 帖子 #570 ---
An EA to actually make the trades? We just want to be able to spend all day shopping for cars, gadgets & stuff.

PS: My GBP/DKK is struggling a bit.

I noticed you EG is also doing the same thing, funny they look like inverted images of each other.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Not a great deal.

You can post screenshots directly to the thread without using an external site, this makes them visible in the post.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Actually I cannot. I tried to upload, but I had exceeded my quota :/

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Stopped out at BE + after I took profit and moved the SL to just above the PB high.

I was not willing to take a loss on this sluggish movement of price.

Hey Lamer

You also get stopped out on EN with that spike below the LLS?

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Damn GBP news... Anyway I had my SL over BE, since is sensed lack of momentum yesterday.

EG out with massive 0,7% profit...

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Here you go:

Inserted Video

g.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
No university = Lot of free time

But im happy for you g, cause now you can do whole day what you actually ever wanted...

Now I hget your point when you told me that you didnt have the guts to tell your parents that you wanna stay @ home. As I get better at trading this unavoidable moment only comes closer and closer ... And im not sure if they gonna like it... :/

--- 帖子 #577 ---
hmmm...i got my SL hit pretty bad on EurGbp as well. I guess u really have to take news into consideration when trading with any method. It looked liked a perfect fakeout on EURGBP, and look what happened :.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Well managed guys!

Something always feels fishy when your fake out setups just hold out for no apparent reason. EUR/GBP in particular seems pretty comfy continuing to be sluggish and slow. The very fake out bar didn't accelerate into the LLS either.

I am glad we're still all safe and sound.

g.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
They won't like it. Mine don't either. At the end of the day its all about you following your passion or you giving up your dream to live the way the world wants you to.

Here, its inconceivable that after a bachelors in business administration you are not going to go for a corporate job. Top that with a profession that apparently requires a computer and an internet connection only . The society around you isn't used to dealing with the envy of seeing you having the day to yourself yet at the same time living your dream and being financially sound.

Its your choice to step up in what you believe or hesitate and fall back.

g.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
I'd rather watch my trade management than the calender at FF, but then again that's just me

g.

--- 帖子 #581 ---
I never doubt about the power of this system,however i looked at your way of entrance,i wouldn't call it reliable,it's still a little ambiguous. I guess you need to work out on a better way of trade- entering.Despite that im giving you a thumb up. You had your original view towards the  problem,thats what i liked,and thank you for sharing the system.wish it worked well.

--- 帖子 #582 ---
What aspects of the entry still appear ambiguous and unreliable to you?

g.

--- 帖子 #583 ---
you must be a system trader, used to precise entries executed by an EA... the methods outlined in this thread are for discretionary traders... i am not knocking or suggesting one over the other, but you should know that two traders trading the exact same method may have slightly different entries when trading manually.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
You are absolutely correct. But beyond the language barrier I am trying to gauge if he is actually confused about the entry part. There is discretion to the method, but I can't recall if I left the entry part so open as to literally confuse someone and make him feel insecure and uncertain. I am eager to seek some clarification from this dude.

g.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Look at the other of his 2 posts, and it is a similar theme. First comment is negative. I think you have been way clearer than most threads here.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
allow me to inject my personal beliefs - no matter how good the method we as individuals must make the method our own or we will fail. So finding the sweet spot for entries is ultimately the job of each individual trader. Discretionary methods require you to think on your own.

i just read the following and think it might be applicable to trading - your on your own - there is nobody sitting over your shoulder saying "enter now"
I think the most profound thought from a recent Inc. Magazine interview with Paul Graham was his response to a question about bad habits shared by YC founders:They don’t realize how independent they can be. When you’re a child, your parents tell you what you’re supposed to do. Then, you’re in school, and you’re part of this institution that tells you what to do. Then, you go work for some company, and the company tells you what to do. So people come in like baby birds in the nest and open their mouths, as if they’re expecting us to drop food in. We have to tell them, “We’re not your bosses. You’re in charge now.” Some of them are freaked out by that. Some people are meant to be employees. Other people discover they have wings and start flapping them. There’s nothing like being thrown off a cliff to make you discover that you have wings.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Many thanks for the vid Ghous! Very useful!!

--- 帖子 #588 ---
I do LOVE your quote.

To make the space of this post not a complete waste of time, I add my thoughts on this system:You NEED to be aware of potential news that could blow your stop to hell A general grasp on the sentiment about the pair would come in great help You simply cannot completely ignore fundamentals, and oh how I whish it wasn't so!

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Hi guys, correct me if I am wrong

1. EURGBP - It is confirmation of SFP
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2. AUDNZD. On weekly chart pinbar is still valid. On D1 if the price will break FTA @ 1.14 can go south
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3. EURCAD. Looks like we will have large move..., but which side?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4. GBPCHF. Price closed below previous closes. On the other hand the price is exactly @ FTA
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5. CHFJPY
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Hi guys, what do you think about this?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Hey dyscan.... Why don't you look at the big picture....

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Great video Ghous.

I feel it will make a lot of new people much more comfortable, in the sense that, you have now given them a map with which they can navigate the shark infested waters with.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Great thread! Subscribed.

Any thoughts on  EUR/GBP?  Price tested LLS again and almost hit my stop.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Here is a quick video I made to show how to quickly scan pairs and decide if they are potential setups or, discard them quickly.

Hope this helps someone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Is it just my computer or, is the first min of this video blurry?

Could be the download speed and the VPN that is causing it.

The blur starts when I move the control panel.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Thanks everyone for contributing to this thread, I am finding all of the posts really informative and appreciate the time and effort people take to post comments and videos.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Heg g!

What's your opinion about the EG now? We had the fake-out. Didn't work out. I took some minor profit but thats all. Then we have another fake-out, and people are ignoring the fact, that the last fakeout didn't work out... (The reason could be the news on the pound yesterday...)

Or maybe this news were something, that the big guys just used to dump the rest of their orders on the floor. Unfortunately yesterday i was damn tired, so couldn't check the charts at market close...

--- 帖子 #597 ---
hello all..

anyone still with eurogbp trade.. price move towards once again yesterday but failed to close below level 0.84000 and lls.. it almost hit my sl..

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Please note that sentiment on EG is to the downside.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
We have a few people inquiring about EUR/GBP.  just couldn't get married to this setup despite the daily lining up with a weekly fake out too. For me the tiny fake out bar always seemed ill matched to the massive wedge breakout to the downside. And price pulling back to the LLS again just looks like another chapter from the same story as opposed to a really positive sign of the bullish fake out setup gaining strength.

More thoughts on the chart:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
I am interested in seeing if we can get some nice fake out material (yes I said "material" and not "a bar") at that HHR.

g.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Hey KOS,

He also identified the first trouble area the same as you drew. A fake out scenario here on the 4H leaves some space for price to make it to the FTA.

But yes, a big part of understanding the bigger picture here deals with knowing how important that FTA is.

g.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Great Video Steve!

And the entire video shows up clear for me.

Just a word of caution for all newbies here though:

Its a great idea to not stop for very long at a single chart when you're doing your scanning for setups, but its only natural (and actually required), in the initial stages, to stare at your charts for quite a bit to ponder over the bigger story and the various factors that may be at play. This exercise is futile if you end up missing good setups, or hurry into mediocre setups simply because you only gave yourself 10 seconds to make the decision. One of the best advnatages of trading the higher time frames is of course this ability to consume more time and think and rethink about your decisions.

Over time, when you're really trained to pick out your fake out setups, and it really becomes instinctive for you then this exercise really helps as it ensures you don't unnecessarily talk yourself in and out of a trade and just learn to trust the gut and the initial feel that you had about the setup.

So if you're taking time to analyze your setups that is totally fine too, provided that you're not running into any symptoms of analysis paralysis.

g.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
I'm kinna happy here cause my thoughts were the same

Even for the fist time: I Noted that we got some bad-ass bearish trend lol...
ALTHOUGH- you say that the tinier the bar is, the better, since then our SL will be closer. Or is just my memory playing with me?

@Pinbar!

Great video! Damn now i got the feeling that I should make a quick video too. Unfortunately my knowledge is nowhere to yours, so my video will have to wait a few years...

PS: You got a nice calm voice

Stephen

--- 帖子 #604 ---
A small bar isn't the only way you can get yourself a small stop. And then again it boils down to the story. The problem here is not so much about the bar being small as it is about that small bar looking to reverse and take on all that selling coming in through the breakout of that wedge.

g.

--- 帖子 #605 ---
dear ghous,

Dear Ghous,

First I want to thank you for describing your fakeysetup in this thread.

You mentioned that we should look for fakey set ups at swing points on daily charts. In the EURGBP daily chart, the previous swing low is a consolidation region. So my question is if the lowest low of support a part of a consolidation box does it have the same degree of reliability when compared to other distinct swing lows which are not consolidation regions?

Also, you mentioned

"Similarly for Long I am looking for a move below the LLS (Lowest Low of Support) that fails to sustain itself and closes back above leaving behind a wick."

So my question is does a teeny weeny wick have the same degree of reliability as compared to a long distinct wick?

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Glad you liked the vid.

I love the one Ghous just did recently.

Very clear.

Just wished I lived in a country once more that does not require a VPN.

That said, the cost of living here in China at uni is so cheap, free housing, electric and a relatively large salary compared to a doctor or lawyer.

Means, less pips goes farther than living in the west.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Can u please provide a link to the video?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #608 ---
I am not Ghous but, IMHO in this case it is not really the size of the wick that is causing problems, it just does not have enough buyers jumping in or sellers on the wrong side of the fence.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
This is why we love consolidation.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Hey!

Just download the program called "Web Freer". It's like a web browser (actually it's exactly the same as Chrome) and it allows you to connect to any web page you want. I just moved to China and I have been using this without any problem so far. If you have a good and fast internet connection then it won't be a problem to watch Youtube videos.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Thanks, I will certainly give it a try.

Are you sure that is the correct name?

A search turns up nothing.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Yes. That's the name. Just download it from PirateBay.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Here you go

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Great questions there!

Firstly, I consider single bar LLS/HHR as more stronger than an LLS/HHR whereyou have a cluster of highs or lows lining up. This is for three reasons.

1) A single bar HHR/LLS tells you that the opposing order flow that came in at that point was extremely strong, and definitive. Whereas a consolidation at the LLS/HHR shows an accumulation attempt before price finally takes off. This "accumulation" will most likely get most of the traders on board before price reverses but with your single bar swing points, the high speed reversal most likely leaves some traders off who are willing to get in when price pulls back to the LLS/HHR for the fake out. Hence...

2) You are more likely to get a good strong trade at a single bar swing point than at a high/low of a consolidation area simply because of the difference in the number of traders who initially missed the train.

3) It is extremely rare to find multiple bar highs/lows lining up almost perfectly with the LLS/HHR price level. Hence mostly, you have these levels working as zones. Now this method requires the fake out bar to close back into the HHR/LLS, which is still a single price level, in such situations this is not a strong enough indication that former resistance has failed to turn into support or vice versa. In these cases, you normally require a confident close above the "entire zone" and not just the HHR/LLS. However, with your single bar swing points, the HHR/LLS levels work great for obvious reasons.

For your other question,

Yes its always better to see a deeper penetration of the region beyond the swing point as opposed to minor one. This would boil down to the situation at hand though, where if the location is very strong and the swing point deep, then even a test of a few pips beyond the HHR/LLS, enough to visually see it through the naked eye then that's good enough. With trickier situations or speaking in general, the larger the penetration the more stronger the setup is. Needless to say, a larger penetration means hitting more orders and taking out more stops - put another way, just putting on more muscle.

Hope this is clear.

Let me know if you have more questions.

g.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Here's a visual explanation of how consolidation areas can trick you into believing that a close above the LLS or below the HHR is good enough.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Hey! Thanks for answers. If we look at the situation now...

I don't know, if it's correct, but to me it looks like FTA (on 4H chart) that I mentioned before now become STA and new FTA is made of recent 4H highs.

If we look at bigger picture (1D chart), there is not visible new FTA from 4H chart.

Can we rely on 1D chart FTA and take trade if we see fake out "material" or we should better skip this trade because new FTA on 4H chart is too close from HHR.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
WOW

"A bit about me and my style

I am 23 years old and downloaded my first demo mt4 at 18. Since my time here at FF, I have gone through many different trading systems, some of which are still active today and kicking along as they should. The real breakthrough came about when I dropped by the James16 thread and the rest is really memorable history.

For quite some time I wouldn't consider myself a true trader if I wasn't looking at my charts 6 hours a day with at least 10-15 trades per day. It was not until a couple of years that I realized I wasn't meant to be a trader on the m5.

I trade the daily the 4H and the 1H TF. I don't need 10 hours a day in front of charts anymore. In fact 2-4 hours is all I need. I am no longer fighting the "noise" of news spikes and short term order flow. I am no longer exposing my capital to 10 trades a day. I have on my watch list as many pairs as my broker offers. Around here you will find charts ranging from majors to the most exotic pairs. Well price is price and it doesn't change its course of action in exotic markets and for that matter even in the non-FX markets.It is not uncommon for me to be watching 50+ pairs at any given time and yeah I still need a handful of hours to take/manage trades.

I primarily trade Support and Resistance as taught at the James16 group. However I only use the knowledge in an indirect way in validating and managing trades. My "system" is different to the conventional james16 stuff to an extent yet its still a pure modification of the material itself through ideas and research work of the very senior members at the group and at Forex Factory forums in general. "

I am a bit older than you (only 10years, lol) but this statement of yours is exactly what currently I am in my trading career. I don't look at 50 crosses/pairs though, but still 25 - 28 pairs are on my watch list. I'm in trading from last 2 years, went through all of the stuff a usual trader goes thru, MC, blown accounts, poor money management, time frame confusion, jumping from one strategy to another and all what you can think off. Learnt the use of proper MM and use of SL the "hard way". But now from some months i'm improving. And guess what only after using a similar method that you are using and explaining here, I loved your work and your thread made me get registered in this very forum and this is my 1st ever posts in this forum.

Love you be active here along with some other forums I'm on and hoping to learn a lot from your, I only lack confidence in this trading style, ignore some setups, they went good in the predicted direction, then upon repenting enter in a less frequency trade and face loss. This loss then hinders me to enter next good setup. So its a ping pong situation for me, just need some good support from an experienced trader in this method to follow him, share trade ideas with him and get professional advice from him to get me going, hope I get all of this from here. Let the journey begins.....

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Welcome!

Looking forward to your charts

have a nice evening,

Stephen

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Let's see what this can do at this level or, if it is going to go for the lower level.

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Ghous, Thanks so much for providing such a detailed explanation of my questions.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Thanks.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Thanks.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Hey there,

Yeah this setup has been a little disappointing. Price rebounding just under the HHR is usually bad news for a fake out setup.

g.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Hey Brother.

Glad to have you here!

g.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Hey Pin,

BRN 1.6400 seems to be problem area and It has been holding historically very well.

For a conservative trader will you recommend waiting for price close above on  1.6400 at least in 4H.

Regards

Kosala

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Hello.

I just went back to Tom's fail better thread...

After understanding how the market works it's just amazing to read his thread. (Before I was kind of confused there, I dint understand many of his points etc...)

Anyway after reading this thread I think even new people will be able to understand his points, so I would suggest everyone to do the same. That guy is INCREDIBLE...
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=287794

It's just such a great feeling to see the puzzle-pieces falling down from the sky and  see them filling in the missing pieces...

Stephen

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Yes, that consolidation is the problem.

However, looking at the weekly TF, this is a major PPZ.

I will wait for a close below the LLS before I cut it loose.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Hi - not sure how, but I ended up on T2W reading a thread about BE stops, primarily why do good trades reverse take out the BE stop and then shoot for a massive profit (which we are now out of) This has got me thinking - but I could do with confirmation as to whether my thought process is on or off.

Following Ghous' method we trade a fakey - normally showing through a PB at HHR/LLS. This is because the big boys have their orders stacked there because they know it's where the retail traders have their stops/orders.

But, they also know that a lot of retail traders trade PBs (and they also know our fear/greed). This fear/greed shows itself in many traders moving to BE after some profit level. So, price goes and then the big boys start taking proft resulting in price reversing. Because they know where the BE stops are (the close of the PB, where the retail traders entered) they let price return and start taking out the retail BE stops, and which point they enter again for a second bite of the cherry and the real push.

Am I smoking dope or could that explain why we may see a retracement on a PB, and too often lose out with a BE trade, which had we held would have been profitable?

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Every time that you have seen price pulling back "only just enough to take your stop out before it headed straight back in your anticipated direction" you have most likely been victimized (not by the broker, by the market forces)

That said, the very reason price often pulls back to the close levels of pin bars is to obviously consume .

lol

g.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
You will never get a clear yes or no answer, however your arguments are valid.

Note that Tom mentioned a LOT of factors that he considers before taking a trade. (Sentiment, Time, News etc.)

e.g.: There was a GBP news on Tuesday which crashed my EG trade.. What this positive GBP news can give to pros is a reason to go and pick up those BEs and Stops under it... I mean it was obvious that the positive GBP news will strengthen the GBP... --> GBP falling down - Stops under us... Why not give some extra thrust and make sure that we reach those stops, right? --> And then they can fade their trades in the liquidity..

Note there are people who went short on that PB, and didn't got stopped out -  When price gets back they can quit on BE, and that's what they usually do --> which will present itself in the second thrust upwards.

Also note that what Tom said is valid for HIS OWN trading style. e.g. If i haven't had BE on the EG trade my Stop would have been taken out, while now I profited massive +0.7%...

But you are on the right track. That's what OF trading is. Thinking with the retailer's head, - find their weaknesses and exploit them.

Cheers,

Stephen

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Thanks Stephen, working out the narrative has always been a struggle - I have always found it really hard to create the narrative in my head - it makes perfect sense when someone describes it, but beinig able to read it from the chart is much harder. Appreciate yours and Ghous' input.

Steve

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Hi Guys,

What do you think about this?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Pin, I have one question. Your SL is based on ATR anyway or you just set them X pips below LLS?

--- 帖子 #634 ---
I suspected price was going to test the 365 and possibly, the previous lower fake out, that is why I gave it room to hit more TP areas of the people who were short.

A TP is also a reversal of the order just as hitting an SL is.

There again, this was a Friday bar and thus, could be not as indicative as the above so much, I shall watch it closely next week.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Finally, a good thread where I think I will be able to improve a lot .

Like @Pinbar, I also analyzed the EurNzd as the same. My question is since the first trouble area is so near and sl seems to be big in this trade. What do you think the chances are that this trade will play out properly.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
I am sure this is just a demo trade to test various stuff out.

Driving straight for the storm isn't a great idea.

Think on the positive side. A delayed entry possibly at the point marked out on my chart, 1) helps see through the trouble area, and utlizies the FTA as a source of further support and cushion and 2) confirms the fake out as really valid (as of course price would need to push through all that trouble to close above it all and then pull back to it to get you interested.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the flip side, is it possible that Monday open price blasts through and keeps going never to look back? Yeah it may do that, and yes, that would mean that I will be missing the trade. There is however, more merit to being safe than sorry. What hurts me more than anything else is when I take a hit because I take a simply repetitive market phenomena for granted. If it won't surprise you if price finds resistance straight above, why should you be willing to take a loss for it?

g.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
I am not sure why do we have to weigh the chances of this setup working out or not right now with limited information?

Looking up at the sky, what are the chances that it will rain today? Well, yeah you can look at the white clouds and clear skies and say "nada" but would that be an answer you can be confident with? Or would you require visiting a website like weather.com first to study the forecast and then say NADA with more confidence?

Its all about processing as much information as you possibly can before you make a decision. Here, I am not talking about Bloomberg but the simply information which is available (or not available yet) on your friggin' charts.

g.

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Yes, it is a demo to see how this level works out &, I shall be watching the FTA very closely tomorrow morning when the next bar opens.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Guys,

I am going to see past behaviors of fake out set ups mainly on daily time frames.... (I have never done a systematic back testing before )

I have good faith in this method and I see this is very much suite to my life style.

I am ready to do my home work and want to put some effort on Forex trading.

I do not have experience with J16 method but I can  understand what ghouse teaches here... and Pin bar also highlighted that information available in this thread is what all need for Novice trader to be profitable...

I have two question for the moment...

1. Any one recommend me go to J16 thread at FF read at least few initial post

2.What kind of parameters I should look when I do back testing this method

Thanks

Kosala

--- 帖子 #640 ---
I recommend you read the first 200 pages of the J16 thread. Shouldn't take that long.

Also, why back test it when you can open a demo and forward test it in real time?

It may take 3 months but, it is better than backtesting IMHO.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
lol chill out man. Sorry if that was inexperienced of me but I am still learning and that was total curiosity. You could have just replied like you replied to @pinbar cause that was the answer that I needed. Anyway thanks, will try to arrange my words better the next time I discuss about trade setups.

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Hey KOS,

Yeah I'd recommend that you at least go through the first 150-200 pages of the James16thread. It goes a long way in making sure you have your grip around the idea of side to side support and resistance.

With regards to back testing this method, by all means go for it, just make sure that you take your charts far off to the left and work forwards from there possibly using the "f12" key to make sure you see the result to a trader after you analyze it. Working backward (as a lot of people tend to do) in my opinion is just totally futile as there is no way its humanly possible to avoid being influenced by the result that you see.

All the best,

g.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
I don't think he was comparing the two means of testing. Of course if you've got to do one of the two forward testing is way superior, but back testing along with forward testing isn't a bad idea

g.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Apologies if I sounded harsh or a little too oppressive. That wasn't the idea AT ALL.

I am never offended nor irritated by any questions directed at me, advanced or basic. Essentially I was emphasizing on the importance of making informed decisions/judgments as opposed to shooting in the dark.

g.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Okay . I will try to make all points clear from now as much as I can and hope I will gain more experience so that I can give more clear decisions for discussion

--- 帖子 #646 ---
This is XAUUSD, Daily.

What about? Not much space in effect, R:R is about 1:1.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #647 ---
i would rather consider the lower swing for a lls.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Hey there,

Could you mark out the swing low point on the chart that you used for that LLS?

g.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Sure, it's the low from 16 April:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #650 ---
It has been "drained out" by the action later on as price went through and across it on both sides.

Your LLS/HHR needs to be the price level that hasn't been tested AT ALL since the time that price first bounced off of it to create the swing point.

The low Aser pointed out is a valid LLS point as you can see price has yet to test that low for the first time after creating it.

hope this is clear.

g.

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Perfectly, Thanks!

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Here we have more than 1000 pips trade ( may be more)

Guys you will be needed only one trade this kind to make whole quarter....

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Thank you very much for your advice....

I open a demo account with Fx - Pro which is dedicated for GFX Trading....

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Thanks g.

I am not going to compare this method with J16....

I want to be more discipline trader now... I will try to strict to GFX trading method at least for 3 months and evaluate my progress.

both forward and back testing in progress...

F12 trick is working very well...

Kosala

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Pls wht abt this...

--- 帖子 #656 ---
NZD/SGD set up

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Yeah, I have had my eye on it.

Let's see how it closes.

Edit: If it closes near the FTA where it is right now, I take it you will look for a pullback to the level, on the Daily TF??

No, H4 or H1 triggers to watch for?

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Hey KOS,

Where your FTA is too close to allow for sound trade management, its always a good idea to defer the entry till you get a move through the FTA.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
hey pipslearner,

You drew the LLS wrong. Refer to the chart below. Also buying straight off of the region you pointed out, is a risky proposition because of all the trouble up above. More thoughts on the chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
I think this post also answers my question about NZD/SGD

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Congrats for your 5000th Post!

KOS-fx!

Sometimes it's just so easy to look back in time, see the 1k pip profit and say "omg that could have been such a good trade" - while you are looking at your current chart you dont see the setups as appealing.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Hi Ghous ,

This pinbar on friday..Is this is a good setup on NZDCHF?

--- 帖子 #663 ---
If you defer the entry till you get a move through the FTA you won't enter anymore near the HHR/LLS. Where it's good to put the stop loss if we enter after the FTA (under the FTA or under LLS)?

--- 帖子 #664 ---
lol.

I didn't even notice.

g.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Hey there,

Notice the thick PPZ just underneath the HHR. Makes it tricky to go short straight away.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Hey str8,

I prefer to use the other end (high/low) of the bar that pushes through and closes beyond the trouble area. So essentially that push through bar becomes your trigger bar. Its still a fake out trade (as in the trade extracts its merits from the fake out scenario) but your trigger bar isn't the actual fake out bar itself.

g.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Ghous, if you look at intraday charts do you look for daily swing points or intraday swing points? Especially on 1hr chart I find the major 1hr swing points are really minor daily swing points.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Yeah that's because every time frame has its own order flow. Occasionally you'll see a lower time frame setup developing and translating into a higher time frame setup but its always best to treat your time frames differently and independently. So if trading on the 1H, I'd be more focused on the depth of the swing point as is on the 1H and focus on the action that I get off of it.

g.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Ohk Ghous, I understand now, am happy U replied me... Much thanks and God Bless...

--- 帖子 #670 ---
This is AUDUSD Daily.

Kind of weird situation.

Price did not accelerate to HHR but "gapped" through it and made a double fakeoff pinbar.

Any thoughts?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Dear Ghous,

Can you kindly comment on the possible fakeout scenario that I have identified.

Thanks,

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #672 ---
pls i want to download this video, cos internet is expenive in my country. pls show me the download link

--- 帖子 #673 ---
just my comments

--- 帖子 #674 ---
I am out at BE.

I do not have confidence in this pushing through the FTA anymore, after stalling for so long.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Hey there,

Gaps come in with a story of their own, but whats more important here for me would be the fact that there's more to the region around the HHR than just the HHR price level itself.

Refer to the chart below:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I would have preferred a move through this whole PPZ prior to getting excited.

g.

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Careful there,

I am looking at price currently sitting at a very critical area.

We have a PPZ, a trend line and the point where the gap filled up all lining up together.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I am normally willing to allow the market to fill in the gaps initially before I start to actively look for setups. This is because gaps revolve around a story of their own. So for instance we saw how price opened way above the daily HHR on NZD/CAD and spent the whole day filling it in. This can blur and override the fake out story because now we're not sure if the selling came in simply to fill in the gap (and find more buyers sitting at the HHR only to take price higher) or it was actually an attempt to sell into retail buying.

A little caveat here: If price has opened up with a gap to the upside on Monday, how many will be willing to buy knowing that gaps have a tendency to get filled in? And if the answer is not "many" then who are the pros selling to?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
You tube doesn't allow you to directly download videos, but there are several free software around the web that you can use (simply Google) to download You tube videos.

g.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Hey Kos,

I was reviewing your question and decided to do a general video for the basic section as the issue you raise is extremely important and basic in nature.

Why is it important to be picky with your trades:

Inserted Video

Why is it so difficult to be picky for traders:

Inserted Video

g.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Great cometary Ghous.

A video about the visual process you go through when scanning and how you determine an A class setup, would be great.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Hey wash! As ghous said, there are plenty of different services which you can use to download youtube videos. You can use for example this site http://keepvid.com/. Only thing you need is to have installed java on your PC and allowed java applet in your web browser.

Just paste video url to input box and click on download button. You will see download links for different video formats and quality settings from which you can chose your desired option.

For example:

implicit divergence- http://keepvid.com/?url=http%3A%2F%2...DTLNwKr1OzuULA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Man, I just love your channel and the videos you keep making. Those are excatly the question every trader goes through an dI am looking forward to watch more of those videos

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Update - Closed my position in  USDJPY when price hit the downtrend line. Thanks for the heads up Ghous.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Ghous your videos are really A+ stuff

Great Job

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Very good video G!

That's what i have been missing at FF. Nobody tells you this stuff. I have came to the same conclusions as G did but i had to do it the hard was - all by myself. So guys - watch it a few times. Write every idea down. Read it every day!

Guys! I'm kind of the trader A. The one who wants to get involved in the action. If you want to take B-C trades i think it's not a problem IF, and only IF, you know that you are going to be consistent with them too. I mean i wanted to take B, C trades, started testing them, and came to the conclusion, that it doesn't worth the stress. But if you think it does, than future-test 500-1000 trades, have an exact win ratio, so you can set another risk% that you are going to use for these type of trades. Once again - at this point you KNOW that you will be consistent.

I'm the kind of person that like to see things for himself... By all means - i'm far not as experienced as ghous - but maybe it's even better if you try it out now (on demo), and fail, and leave it there as it is, than going live and getting the idea there to "take a bit more trades for some extra profit".

Hope this helps.

And Ghous once again THANK YOU.

I think I will watch it again - grab my pen and notebook, and write some clever ideas down, so I will have something to read before I go to bed

PS: Have you read trading & exchanges? It's a damn great book about market microstructure, liquidity etc.

PS2: If you think I just said something crap, that will only confuse the new ones, then write me a PM, I will delete this post.

Cheers,

Stephen

--- 帖子 #685 ---
pls can some one explain to me how to use ATR

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Huh, am I missing something?

Which new video are you talking about?

I only get an audio commentary on the last two about being picky?

Is this what you are referring to when you said "Video"?

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Here you go but Ghous does not use it.

http://www.babypips.com/forexpedia/Average_True_Range

--- 帖子 #688 ---
While I was over at babypips finding the link to the ATR, I found this article which is basically what we are doing with the fakeout, in this thread.

It may be of interest to new people.

Fade the Breakout

Fade the breakout you say? Was that just a typo? Did you mean to say, "trade the breakout"?

Nope!
Fading breakouts simply means trading in the opposite direction of the breakout.
Fading breakouts = trading false breakouts.

You would fade a breakout if you believe that a breakout from a support or resistance level is false and unable to keep moving in the same direction. In cases in which the support or resistance level broken is significant, fading breakouts may prove to be smarter than trading the breakout.

Keep in mind that fading breakouts is a great short-term strategy. Breakouts tend to fail at the first few attempts but may succeed eventually.

REPEAT: Fading breakouts is a great short-term strategy. It is not a great one to use for longer term traders. By learning trade false breakouts, also known as fakeouts, you can avoid getting whipsawed.

Trading breakouts appeal to many independent traders. Why?

Support and resistance levels are supposed to be price floors and ceilings. If these levels are broken, one would expect for price to continue in the same direction as the breakage.

If a support level is broken, that means that the general price movement is downwards and people are more likely to sell than buy.

Conversely, if a resistance level is broken, then the crowd believes that price is more likely to rally even higher and will tend to buy rather than sell.

Independent retail traders have greedy mentalities. They believe in trading in the direction of the breakout. They believe in huge gains on huge moves. Catch the big fish, forget the small fries.

In a perfect world, this would be true. But the world is not perfect. Frogs and princesses do not live happily ever after. What does in fact happen is that most breakouts FAIL.

Breakouts fail simply because the smart minority has to make money off the majority. Don't feel so bad. The smart minority tends to be comprised of the big players with huge accounts and buy/sell orders.

In order to sell something, there must be a buyer. However, if everyone wants to buy above a resistance level or sell below a support level, the market maker has to take the other side of the equation. And let us warn you: the market maker ain't no fool.
http://www.babypips.com/school/image...13/no-fool.png

Retail traders like to trade breakouts.

The smart minority, the institutional, more seasoned traders, prefer to fade breakouts.

The smarter traders take advantage of the collective thinking of the crowd or inexperienced traders and win at their expense. That is why trading alongside the more experienced traders could be very profitable as well.

Which would you rather be part of: the smart minority that fades breakouts or the losing majority that gets caught in false breakouts?

Read more: http://www.babypips.com/school/fade-...#ixzz2fCR5SIQT

--- 帖子 #689 ---
I just want to say... I will start my day... every day with these two videos....

You explain exactly the me........

Great work man.....

Thank you very much..........

KOS

--- 帖子 #690 ---
" So guys - watch it a few times. Write every idea down. Read it every day!" --

"but maybe it's even better if you try it out now (on demo), and fail, and leave it there as it is" ---- FAIL BETTER

" If you think I just said something crap, that will only confuse the new ones, then write me a PM, I will delete this post." -----

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Why is everyone calling these "Videos" there is no video, it is just an audio cometary.

Unless, I am missing something here?

Here is one I am watching.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
" Unless, I am missing something here? "

Of Course Not............

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Well, they are calling it a video, a video by its definition is not only audio, it is visual.

Thought this crappy internet connection here was screwing me over.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
No I haven't read that book.

g.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
You're not missing anything bro,

Its the same video or audio commentary. Its technically a video you see.

g.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Great videos Ghous!

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Pinbar!

You are simply old-school

--- 帖子 #698 ---
No actually I am not old school.

I am simply an English teacher who knows that the word VIDEO is taken from the Latin word videre, which means to see.

Therefore, it is you young whippersnappers who are the young school and, using your native language incorrectly.

If indeed English is your native language, if not. Now you know the real deal.

It is actually an audio recording only. Anyway you look at it, or don't in this case. Haaaa

Excuse the pun.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Hi Everybody here, hi Ghous... Was looking for fake breakout n I find a break out in GPB/USD dont really knw if am right, Pls correct me...

--- 帖子 #700 ---
The whole Forex world is awaiting the most anticipated news event of 2013, about 9 hours from now, I will be flat, stay flat and read the charts in the aftermath.

I certainly would not be trusting any charts patterns that may or may not have produced a certain price action in the past.

YMMV, or if you know of certain way to trade, speak up now, and not as Harry Hindsight tomorrow.

Regards, E.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
It might be. There is a BIG might here. Because there are instances when price will just continue to hang around and do nothing (i.e order accumulation) before we see price breaking down. But yeah, price failing to close under the HHR on the first attempt is generally a good enough bias against shorts for the time being at least.

g.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
I respect your opinion and I know where you are coming from.

I don't have anything more to say.

g.

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Sorry PB I think this is a terribly bias and uninformed piece of hack writing. Breakouts can be traded very successfully with the right market conditions.

Creating stereotypes along the lines of Fade trading is intelligent, Breakout trading is stupid is just foolish over simplification and does nothing to help newbies.

Traders would do well not to fall into this false superiority complex.

Much better, IMHO, to be able to identify ranging markets and trending markets and apply the correct strategy at the right time.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
I would rather call it an AV (Audio Visual). It is a audio commentary that is accompanied by slides (which are visual).

--- 帖子 #705 ---
I would not be in a rush to buy it there.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Turtle soup and Turtle soup plus one?

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Ghous,

Please comment on the fakeout scenario that I have posted.

On the daily chart, price has broken out of the trendline. Many breakout traders would have entered short here and probably kept stops above the high of  the breakout bar.

Another bunch of traders would have entered short on the breakout of the low of previous support. So basically all the novices now are short.

I have entered long based on the fakeout scenario that has developed on the 4 hour chart. A daily chart could  probably be more definitive. Price is trading away from the 150 ema on the daily chart (not shown) as well as the brn 8.61, both of this could offer

support. I am anticipating a upmove all the way to the high of the breakout bar where all the stops would probably be triggered.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #708 ---
I think they are talking about jumping in a breakout without a pullback.

Either way, we are fading breakouts.

--- 帖子 #709 ---
...hoping i won't get shot down for this, as it's a daily FTSE chart, but would appreciate any comment on this 'top'?

--- 帖子 #710 ---
you've posted a monthly chart

--- 帖子 #711 ---
yes, sorry. Same query though...

--- 帖子 #712 ---
I don't know if the mechanics remain the same in such a long timeframe. Theoreticall speaking I'd say yes.

Surely they work in the FTSE as well.

Anyway, I'd be careful to enter short on such a strong rebound on the 6000 level.

My 2c!

--- 帖子 #713 ---
I agree.

Its not uncommon to see people brag about their system/method to the extent that they actually start to condemn and criticize every other method that they come across.

There are a million ways to skin this cat, and yes trading breakouts is one hell of an effective method.

Just to clear any confusions out there, trading fake outs isn't like stepping on the tails of well informed breakout traders that know the importance of the action after price breaks through the area to base their decisions on more solid information. Fake outs consume the immature emotional knee jerks that never seem to get short in supply at these swing points and break out areas. Its only natural to expect a lot of emotions and actions from people in the market as well as those on the side lines as price approaches a critical area such as the high/low of a consolidation box or a significant and deep individual swing point.

g.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Not sure if you're referring to the fake out that ocuured off the first swing high, or you're referring to the recent swing high as a potential shorting opportunity.

In case of the former being true:

Yes that was a great fake out that did exactly what it needed to, i.e hit those bar highs at the 6000 area.

In case of the latter being true:

Not on for me. The recent swing high is way too minor to catch my attention.

g.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Hey Neytiri,

In this case I would simply be more biased towards the story that looks more powerful to me. And a powerful story is always the one that occupies more chart space and time and the one that is more obviously defined.

At one hand, I have an initial breakout followed by a pull back and a hold up to really well defined long term consolidation box and that is running into a swing low.

At the other hand I have a fake out off that swing low (based thus far, on only the initial fake out bar. Given that its the 4H we know that's risky) and heading into all that humongous trouble up above.

I think you can make out which is the more stronger story at play here, up until this point that is.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Thanks Erubus... Am just a learner and I appreciate Ghous and every other persons contributing to assist the newbies... Am really learning a lot of things here.. once more thanks

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Thanks Ghous... Ghous, You re a Genius... You have really opened my eyes to Forex trading, think am really learning something here... Thanks once more n God Bless

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Thanks Pinbar... I do appreciate everyone... God Bless

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Thanks ghous, yes, off the first swing high. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Well, it broke hard but, we did not see any reason to buy at such a SH.

Was going to post a chart however, when pushing the upload from computer button, it just takes me to the FF calendar.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Looks to be about time for a pullback.

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Pls wht am I suppose when I see stuffs like this in chart "USDSEK" it has three support n one has been broken...

Am findin it difficult to upload it, pls check and update me, thanks

--- 帖子 #723 ---
You can wait to see if London open can push price above the LLS or simply use it as resistance and continue with the bearish party post FOMC yesterday

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Watching that like a :nerd:

g.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Yeah, my wish list has been updated.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Do we still have to wait for confirmation on intraday if the fake out is also a pin bar (yesterday on EURGBP 1hr it was a fake out/pin bar)?

How about if the wick would have been huge?

--- 帖子 #727 ---
We don't waiting for fake out materials here do we ??????????????????

If Pin Bar occur right on the LLS do we enter at the low of the pin bar.....??????

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Struggling to look at charts and not play GTA V right now!

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Ghous, Thanks so much for your explanation. My stop loss got knocked off

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #730 ---
I want to see the low taken out and a close above.

Not particularly interested in seeing a PB.

Unless the tail is long below the level and, the close is not too close to the FTA.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
I like to wait for multiple confirmations when on time frames lower than the daily, but a definitive single bar fake out, as you say a huge nosed pin bar may make it worth a shot. Thing is, the idea of multiple confirmations doesn't only increase the safety padding it may also provide you with the opportunity to go with a tighter stop as you can then use a subsequent confirmation bar as your trigger bar as opposed to keeping the stop loss way down below/above the high of a huge pin bar.

I am looking at the EUR/GBP case you mentioned, and that pin bar long certainly looks more risky than waiting for a subsequent confirmation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #732 ---
That is to my knowledge, not what Ghous has been showing us.

If the level does not get violated, it is not a fake out.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Here is another one, I am watching.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Watching to see if price can pop up above the LLS.

But this is beautiful fake out material!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
This setup could pan out as well if price can break above the LLS but as far as textbook example that I liked was the USD/SEK that you mentioned earlier...price broke through the level and next candle came right back through it and next candle retested the LLS to confirm the bull signal....that fake out gave 100 pips so far..let's see how far it can go  Did you enter that trade ghous?

--- 帖子 #736 ---
This post tells me there is something intrinsic, I am missing about the fake out material.

EDIT: Oh, ok you are on the H4 tf, so you are basically combining the bars on the lower tf.

For some reason, thought you were on the Daily.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
How can you say you agree with the babypips article being biased and a hack piece of writing yet, at the same time write this in the basic guide?

Sounds very similar to the article to me.

Introduction to the fake out

We know there are two types of traders participating in these markets. The novice trader that is under capitalized and is pretty naive when it comes to trading knowledge. And then there are the real big pros, the hedge funds, the banks and other institutions who know their stuff and have really big accounts. These 'cool' traders however suffer from a major problem that stems from the size of their account. The problem of liquidity. The FX markets are amongst the most liquid markets in the world yet there still is a problem when a hedge fund wants to sell 10,000,000 units of EUR/USD at resistance where obviously others are willing to short as well. You see why? How many traders do you think want to long in a market that is heading towards resistance? This poses a serious problem and these guys will then take some measures to get rid of this problem. These are smart people BTW. They break their position sizes into smaller lots and execute it at closely bound price levels instead of clicking a 10,000,000 position size at a single price level.They also artificially create buy side liquidity in the market by targeting the novice traders.

Small positions selling into support and buying into resistance, create the "buzz". Or just simply pulling off all orders leaving a vacuum for retail traders to push price through. Enough manipulation to lure traders into thinking price is headed for a break of support/resistance. The breakout traders start jumping in. At resistance for instance, traders short in the market who most likely will have their stops above resistance or below support (the pros know it all!) start to freak out and their stops start getting hit creating more buy side liquidity (a stop loss on a short order is actually a long). By creating an artificial scenario in the market the pro traders have managed to, like a sheep dog, get the herd where they want them to be.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Just spotted this one on CAD/JPY

what do you think about it?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #739 ---
ghose,

In USD/NOK we have daily pin bar near LLS. Is that your reason to choose this as a good setup ?????

And spread also for this pair is very high...

--- 帖子 #740 ---
My thoughts on USD/SGD

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Hi All... Pls check EUR/JPY with daily TF... price have not been to that HHR since Jan. 2010 till yesterday bar.... could that be a kind of fake out bar we are lookin for...?

Thanks for your reply... Stay Blessed.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Hey Steve,

I don't think it was a hack piece of writing but I do believe the tone was pretty much in line with sounding like fake out trading is way superior to breakout trading.

Pro traders can very well be break out traders just as well as they can be fake out traders. Its important to understand that the breakout traders as a whole aren't grouping up against the fake out traders in a battle where one group will lose. In the real world, both, break out traders as well as fake out traders co-exist and will both be making their fair share of money.

I am going to have to do a video on this and ensure that this get clarified as I honestly don't think that fake out trading is in any way superior or inferior to break out trading.

In that first post, I was referring to the category of breakout traders who will instinctively want to jump in when they see the market moving. I wasn't referring to all breakout traders.

g.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
No I didn't.

It gave me the impression of being a "knee jerk reaction" as opposed to a solid fake out which kept me out.

After such a huge sell off, you normally like to see a deeper penetration of the LLS (for instance a test of the 6.3 RN at least) as well as multiple confirmations of the LLS holding as support. We did have a couple, but all too soon. Also no regular bullish divergence either.

The initial fake out bar, didn't present much information, and the bar next to it did give us a pull back and a holdup at the LLS, but then was headed straight for a MAJOR trouble area. That HUGE swing low LLS at 63750.

Just overall didn't quite appeal to me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
It was tradable but clearly not A+.

I'd generally like more space to play around with as well as take fake outs off of major swing points in the vicinity if there are (and in this case there is).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Hey there,

Notice how price has actually broken out of a major wedge. Even if it fakes out here, its heading back into a lot of traffic as well as pulling back to that former trnd line that broke through.

Once again guys, its not just about looking at swing points and pointing out fake out off of those. You've got to put it all itno the perspective of the bigger story and work around all the factors at play.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hope this helps.

g.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
@ GHOUS:

Can you please upload a A+ Setup that you took because i only read your comments on Setups from other people that are not good but i can rarely find a setup that you commented on that is valid in your eyes???

Thanks

--- 帖子 #747 ---
BOOM!

I got access to my charts just 6 minutes into the new 4H bar and I had already missed this.

Great example of how fundamentals can create biased order flow that the pros will then target. This time it was the FOMC that did the trick.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
yeah well, the great setups have been scarce so naturally I haven't been trading much at all and trying to pass on the precautionary word to the rest who were questioning about the average setups.

That is going to have to be the theme for the most part anyways. I am not a high frequency trader and emphasize a lot on high quality trades. You can imagine the theme of regular discussions then.

And I will be recording the next trade I take.

g.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Thanks a  lot for your answer

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Here's the video:

Inserted Video

g.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Hey Ghous,

What would have been your entry strategy on the 4 hour chart of USDNOK?

I only focused on the daily chart. However, I did not enter at the break of the high of the pinbar. The main reason being that I felt I will be trading right into a ppz. Was I right with respect to my thought process? I thought a better approach would be to wait for the price to close above the lcs and then wait for a retest of the lcs. By doing this I can narrow down the stop loss by placing it below the low of PB&CA bar.

BTW, what is FOMC?

giggles

--- 帖子 #752 ---
I am not sure if you're referring to a pull back on the 4H or the daily, but either ways it isn't a wrong line of thinking at all.

Since I was looking at the 4H chart I could have entered on either of those small inside bars before price closed above the LLS and then just shot off, but for me that 4H close above the LLS is always very very critical. My entry was going to be on the close of that 4H bullish outside bar that popped above the LLS and closed well. Like I said though, I was 6 minutes too late.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And FOMC is well...a news event like the NFP.

g.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
This is one I am lining up for a trade next week if we can get a daily close underneath the HHR.

(this one I also talked about in the video)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Ghous,

Is this a valid fakeout? Price closes below the LLS and the very next bar closes back above the support.

A flag formation is seen on the 4 hour chart. I am waiting for price to retest the brn 9.7.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Yes. That was a very valid fake out. Not a single bar fake out though.

I was once again watching this on the 4H and really impressed by the way it unfolded. A lot of the USD/XXX pairs moved in similar fashion in consuming the order flow from the fundamental stimulus.

This is something that I have seen happen a lot.

You have some days of absolutely dead markets and all of a sudden a good bunch of pairs will spring into action. Its normal to be flat for 6 days then suddenly start cherry picking amongst a flurry of potential trading setups.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Another one for the watch list:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
The AUDCHF does look interesting but isn't there a nearby trouble area?

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Thanks Ghous

Just downloading the video.

Yeah, I am sure it will all become clear once, I watch it &, it is a good point of topic as, we will know why, some setups may fail and some will work out.

Edit: Great video Ghous, it explains in very clear terms, the mechanism of both sides of the coin.

It also shows that, the J16 stuff and Mikes breakout trading is really the same thing.

All roads lead to Rome, as they say.

Funny, when I read that article on babypips, I was thinking that, the person who wrote it was talking about the novice breakout traders.

I guess they needed to clarify what they were talking about more.

--- 帖子 #759 ---
for me the trouble area you are talking about is no more valid because price break through it lately.

it would be a problem if price runs sideways at the last move up (where i draw the box).

or in other words: it hasn't been a problem for the last move up. why should it now?

and now price "visits" the box further left for the first time ... and reacts... how beautiful...

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Hey Cem,

Just to add to what Aser said,

We've been talking about that consolidation box above the HHR. We've seen how price has been holding up at that HHR perfectly despite various tests (i.e no 4H bar close below the HHR until now when we have broken out of it). Now that we have closed below, does it make sense for price to find support off of that same period of former resistance and move right back into that consolidation box above the HHR all over again?

Simply put, price will normally look to take the path of least resistance, and I am not sure what would motivate buyers to want to come in at that FTA you pointed out to take price back into that tight consolidation box.

g.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Next weeks watch list.

Ghous, if you have an opinions or advice, I am all ears.

--- 帖子 #762 ---
I take my hat off to you G for the amount of time and effort you put into explaining things. I hope your thread becomes a beacon for new traders.

All the best.

--- 帖子 #763 ---
senior, if I will trade with 30MIN TF, what Higher TF is relevant to me?

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Agree.

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Lets keep G's thread focused on D1 TF, I'll reply on mine.

--- 帖子 #766 ---
what do you mean with this senior Q?

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Hey Q,

Glad you're enjoying them.

g.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Its ok. This thread is about a method. Not a rigid system stuck on a single time frame.

g.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Hi ghous and Pinbar and everybody else within this thread. I have to say what an excellent thread.   I have spent the last couple of days reading the whole thread.  ghous you have dedicated many hours of hard work to try and simplify a method of trading and have made a brilliant job of it. Well done buddy.

I don't have the time I used to have to trade because of my business getting bigger and my business means lots of working away from home. I was looking for a change of methods to allow part time trading just looking for one or two quality trades a month, and this is just perfect for me trading the daily time frame.

I am in no rush to make loads of money ( I have been lucky to be profitable in my trading after blowing up a few small accounts in my first couple of years.) so I can take my time to only take good trades and use sound money management.

I would like to keep poping in and hopefully feel welcome here.

Thanks again ghous for an excellent thread and thank you Pinbar for your brilliant input

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Hey Seabreeze,

You are more than welcome here.

We will await your dropping by

g.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
There is a clear trouble area very near the entry that has not been tested yet so i do not understand why somebody would take this trade???

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Well, it is basically the considerable amount of time that price spent consolidating in the box.

And, the comparative lack of possible resistance areas below price, compared to the previous support and consolidation above the level.

It is still possible that price could find support there but as Ghous said, there are not going to many people interested in buying into all that consolidation above.

Hope the charts show what I mean.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Triple top formation on weekly. Nice fakey scenario. Fakey bar rejecting brn 15600.  Plenty of space.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Thanks Pinbar. Exactly what I would have said.

g.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Looks good Neytiri,

Love the regular macd bearish divergence on it too.

g.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Looks lovely Neytiri..good find!

USD bulls lining up to charge looks like

--- 帖子 #777 ---
I am in long on USD/CAD (daily chart). Will be back with charts and stuff later (half asleep as its 240 am here).

cheers

g.

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Nice thread Ghous,

Just spent the weekend getting caught up.  I've been more of a breakout trader, but I've already learned alot from your clear explanations along with those from the other contributors.

I'll be following with interest and post from time to time when appropriate.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Thanks Ghous... Got the story..

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Are you going to trade the retest of the low of the nox or what is your plan?

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Ah...finally a trade from you . We could all profit from the...err...learning expericence..hehe

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Regardless of the outcome every trade adds to the pie for me and for you all too.

Hopefully you can pick the god stuff (and learn from my mistakes) along the way

g.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Price drops down under the 1.03 RN, the 150 EMA and the prior swing lows (i.e LLS) due to the FOMC stimulus. What does it do? It lands straight into a major support trend line which also lines up with the 1.02 RN.

How many times does it happen, that price is actually selling at an extremely strong and obvious support trend line? Do you think it gives a valid reason for the pros to consume all that liquidity?

Price hurried its way past all the potential trouble areas on the way back and closes just about at the 1.03 RN. Monday open price opens above the 1.03 RN.

This triggered the trade.

I have been out for most of the day and well, price couldn't quite use the 1.03 as support and has trickled down under it. Being held up by the LLS of the prior swing point. The daily close for today will be extremely important as it will tell us the resistance quality of the 1.03

g.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Hi ghous,

If price closes below HHR would you consider this as fake out material? There is also divergence but FTA is too close so no trade for me.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Not much SFP today...

I added Auzzie Newzzie (AUDNZD) on my watchlist...

You know Ghous now i got a few weeks off, so i can sit here all day, and i gotta admit - 5m, 1m are like vomit... I have no idea where people get the idea, that if they trade on 1m or 5m they will be able to make more "quality" trades...

The amount of time spent in front of the comp devided by the number of trades you take are the same as on daily / weekly if you are picky.. (and yeah if you are not a scalper  )

But what doesn't kill you makes you stronger lol

Stephen

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Yes,

but notice all the trouble you're trading straight into.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
This one is worth a good hard looooong look!

I find it pretty solid actually. No single bar fake out, but really good fake out scenario with price clearly dying out as it dropped under that major swing low.

Would have loved to take this, but that would over expose me as the other trades are still in the red zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EDIT: Pending order in at 0.638 with a small position.

g.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
I tried to get you to take that trade earlier..about 500 pips earlier

--- 帖子 #789 ---
I wanted it to push past that major swing point to prove its worth

g.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Hey guys,

EURCAD

Fakeout with confluence

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #791 ---
What was your plan to trade this setup?

Did you take it allready??

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Hey Neytri,

What swing point your looking in regards to fake out......

--- 帖子 #793 ---
There is no swing point there and it would make sense for a fake out to violate the 1.4000 BRN

--- 帖子 #794 ---
There is no swing point there, that already broken TL is not worth relying on and, it would make sense for a fake out to violate the 1.4000 BRN.

Also we have a flag and pole breakout in progress with a 510 pip projection point.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Yes, my entry was on the pull back to Friday's bar close and stop above Friday bar's high.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Hey Neytiri, As Steve pointed out there really isn't an HHR/LLS at that point to be looking out for a fake out.

You gotta look for highest and lowest price levels that price has tested during  a swing high/low formation to mark out your HHR/LLS areas to look for trades at.

g.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
ghous,

I have a question on usage of 150 EMA.....

Will you use 150 EMA in 4H time frame as same as the daily... Because when I see this AUD/CHF pair in 4H, 150 EMA very close and seems to be acting as a barrier....

KOS

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Hey Kos,

I like to keep my time frames separate.

This means that if I am looking at a setup on the 4H I am really only interested in knowing where the 4H EMA is. Not that watching across time frames is erroneous but it just helps me to keep things nice and simple in treating time frames independently.

I will some times drop down to a lower time frame to manage tricky trades that may have been executed on the daily time frame but then again, I am never exclusively on the lookout for EMA positions on different time frames all the time.

g.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
All the fun things has happened when I come back home from my job...........

This is my second trade on GFX method...................

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Awesome Kos!

g.

--- 帖子 #801 ---
wooohoo. Another A+ work from you! Thank you so much for your time and effort. Really insightful!

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Ghous or PinBar, what do you think about GBP.NOK?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #803 ---
hello all,

been following the thread and like the method! flipping through the daily charts this one caught my eye, what do you guys think?

i will be following this thread and hope to learn a lot! thanks ghous for the information so far

--- 帖子 #804 ---
It is a fake out at a Double Top but, if we zoom out a bit more, the lack of space & the FTA lining up with the 9.5000 RN , ruins it for me.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Deadly earthquake strikes Pakistan's Balochistan

Hope you are safe Ghous and not in the intimidate area of this terrible earthquake.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
I just realized the pair that I posted is virtually impossible to trade because of the high spread. The spread was hovering around 200 pips on my broker for GBPNOK. Do you guys even bother with pairs such as this with this high of a spread during non-peak hours?

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Hey Ghous, Kos and Pinbar,

Yes. I realize now. This is what will happen when you are drunk while working

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Yeah it took over the coastal belt of Baluchistan province and spread horizontally all the way to some parts of India too. Karachi being a coastal city, where I live, took some shocks too. I felt nothing where I live, but quite a few other areas have been really jolted. The Richter scale showed a reading of 7.7 which is catastrophic but fortunately the event took place deep inside the earth which took most of its fury away.  A 150 or so lucky people dead.

g.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
I do,

Setups on such pairs can always contribute by being "watch only" case studies. Everything goes in to the knowledge bin

g.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Could this be considered a legit fakeout? USDCHF heading back up?

USDCHF daily TF

http://s9.postimg.org/de5nb7f7z/fake.jpg

--- 帖子 #811 ---
hey there,

If we get a daily close above that LLS then yes you're looking at a fake out setup. But not one I would be too keen on taking as its really heading into a lot of mess for me. Lots of trouble areas and that consolidation box will make it painstakingly tricky (for me that is).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Is your broker using 5 digits?

In which case it is actually 20 pips.

See chart

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Possibly "Lucky" is a typo?

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Anyone else experiencing problems trying to edit posts?

For some reason, it made a double post and now, I am unable to edit anything.

Even a post I made to Ghous a few mins ago.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
If this sucker gives us a fake out bar closing below the level, I may be interested.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
No its not. At least they have a valid reason to exit the world. We lose more number of people on a weekly basis because they decided to choose route B for office as opposed to route A, decided to take their family for shopping, or the church on Sunday or to the mosque for 5 times a day, or dressed or talked in a particular manner.

As hideous as it may seem, even on weekdays if you decide to dine out after 8 pm you've got to be seated in the restaurant's waiting area to wait for a vacant table and getting a space to legally park your car outside a shopping mall marks your day as your lucky day. Only this Sunday, a church got blown away by twin suicide bombings leaving more than 80 dead and more than a 100 injured, many with life time injuries that they'll have to live with. We care, but not more than our desire to stand in endless lines for a movie show ticket to our favorite movie only just released, or instead of worrying about the earthquake victims we flock to the beach that shows a new island that emerged as a result of the earthquake.

We like to believe we are the tough kind, when really I think we are the immune kind. Like a live cow tethered outside a butcher's shop.

Yes I find those 80+ people seriously lucky. For one, they are free of the endless tyranny that they were living with everyday, and secondly because it was mother nature who took them away rather than a fucking terrorist pulling the trigger to his illegal weapon and deciding that they didn't need to live.

g.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
No problems here bro,

I remember you were having this problem before. Did you try connecting with the FF staff with the issue?

g.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Thanks Ghous.

Phew................You appear to be more than a little stressed there.

Ever thought of leaving the place?

--- 帖子 #819 ---
More than once. I will be making my move whenever I get the chance.

g.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
I am done with the USD/SEK trade.

This was a 1R trade.

Inserted Video

g.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Great video.

Man, I would have been biting my nails there but, I see what you mean about sellers not really having any incentive to sell.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Well it is 5 digits, but Bid was around 9.54000 whereas Ask was around 9.56000. So 200 pip difference! It's about 40-50 pips spread now that there's "liquidity". I get 0.2pip spread on EU so I'll stick to more liquid pairs

--- 帖子 #823 ---
You can just look at this chart now, sit back and be be amazed at how important it is to make sure you have S/R dynamics in favor of you as opposed to being stacked against you.

A short off that fake out, and the following loss would make you feel pathetic because the market is doing something that it does all the time and you took a hit for it. Its hard to digest such losses. Been there, done that - far too often, before I understood I stood a zero chance in the "hope game"

It goes back to the video I did earlier on the reasons why people fail to be selective with their trading and how it can come back to hurt them.

PS not assuming nor suggesting that you took this trade Rinehart. Just using your post from earlier and the market behavior towards the setup to encourage people to be picky all the time.

g.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Nope, no trade opportunity for today  Or did i miss sg? O.o

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Ghous (or another subscriber), is there somewhere within this thread that i can find a definition of your commonly used terminology? i recognize most of the terms but not all of them and i was looking for some confirmation.

thanks

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Hey Ghous and everybody,

CHFNOK

I am watching this  one closely.  Price is at a major swing high and has fired a fakey on the daily. Also, triple top with divergence.

The fakey bar has not yet closed below the brn 6.6. I am waiting for a close below 6.6 on 4 hr chart.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Gous can you comment on this please. I have made comments on the trade on the chart.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Now that's what I call an exotic...

Don't have that one on my platform I'm afraid.

Ghous...Nice trade and video on that U/Sek

--- 帖子 #829 ---
another fake out setup today, D1 just barely closed closed below HHS. Posted for discussion, ghous and pinbar please go at it

Because of the close FTA not a good trade to take I'm assuming. Just looking for more comments about the setup. Thanks

--- 帖子 #830 ---
I don't use as many terms as to actually compile them in a post or doc.

Maybe you could directly ask about the terms that weren't clear to you?

g,

--- 帖子 #831 ---
WOW. I don't have that pair even on Fxpro.

I can't really comment much till I can actually get hold of it on a platform and get a chance to view it from all angles.

But based on what I see and read on that post you made, I would have preferred to see a longer wick on the fake out bar and a close below the RN of course.

g.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Totally agree that there isn't a lot of space. Also notice the very close on the fake out bar. It really only shows a test of the HHR but I don't see any major information there to support the idea of price hitting a block of sell orders. It might mean two things. 1) Price is not interested in fading that this swing high 2) The sellers are hidden at a higher price level. Either ways this is bad news if you want to be shorting the pair right now based off of that fake out.

These are literally the kind of setups that are the easiest to pass. No brainers really...

g.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Ghous, CHFNOK is among the currency pair options available in LQD Metatrader 4

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Very nice to see your thought process behind your trade! Really helpful. Thank you for that!

--- 帖子 #835 ---
This will inform you a little of the basics.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Thanks for your input Ghous.

I've chosen to stay out as it's not the strongest set up.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Here's my response. In video form to stress on the point of "working out the overall story behind a trade setup"

Inserted Video

g.

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Another disappointment after sitting on my hands watching this. Aghhhhh

--- 帖子 #839 ---
I am out of the AUD/CHF trade for very nearly a breakeven trade (a very minor loss).

This trade showed no signs of moving at all right from the point that I took the entry. And in this weak state the trouble area around the 8500 region was always going to trouble price.

As price started to hold up at the FTA, I decided to move to the 4H to find a possible initial signal to exit instead of having to watch price trickle all the way back up.

I do believe that this setup isn't over yet, but its just that this lack of momentum coupled with a trouble area that price seems to be holding at makes it very tricky to stay in the trade.

What I was looking for, when we opened for the week was for price to quickly fill in the gap and show signs of some real selling coming in, but the very pull back chiseling all the way up to the HHR region set the tone and mood for the week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Thanks ghous, exactly what I was looking for. I guess we should keep an eye out still to see if it moves back up above 1.64 in the next few days for a possible move up?

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Huh............... What any more question after kind a CRYSTAL CLEAR explanation.................

--- 帖子 #842 ---
for sure.

g.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Hi guys, hi Ghous!

As I'm going deeper and deeper in OF I tend to look back in the former systems and look for OF patterns. Today I examined the "Rounded Reverse" , which is one of my favorite pattern due to its simplicity.

As an order flow trader let's put ourselves in others' shoes.

From a former consolidation we got a breakout. What does this mean?

This means that this time there was more demand than supply. Could this be due to some retail traders who were too eager to buy? Well, if this was the case, then the pro traders would have seen an outstanding opportunity to sell, since nothing has changed in our product / equity / name it as you want - so what all they see is an overpriced product. - They hit the sell button and at the end of the day we see a nice fake-out bar.

This is clearly not the case this time, since price stays above the given level which tells me that something indeed happened - and pro players didn't jump to sell it.

1) The Trader who expects a pullback (aka. reverse from the resistance).

This trader enters short. Seeing price breaking out he is in loss. He either takes the loss, or waits til price reverses. As soon as rice retraces to the former resistance he will quit on break even. (Fear, greed, and now he is happy that he can quit with 0 loss) Quitting his sell order will be a buy order which will push price higher.

2) Breakout traders who went long are happy. Although as soon as price hits a minor FTA they will take profit. (Don't forget that when it's about profit taking people are much more eager to take it, as if it was up to taking a loss. At loss taking people tend to let their losses run...) Anyway these guys take profit on their buys which will result in selling, thus price will be pushed back to the former resistance.

Anyway as I mentioned above we broke out for a reason. The reason was that the product was undervalued. Now in that single moment when price retraces pros see a great opportunity to buy the product which will result in a nice bullish move...

Thats my Order Flow analysis of this setup which I tend to like more and more. Ghous and other OF guys please give me some feedback or add some comments. (Am I right about the reasons which caused price to retrace - are there more reasons? etc.)

Thanks Guys!

Stephen

--- 帖子 #844 ---
This ended up basically as expected.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Damn, can't edit posts, nor can I reply to PMs now.

Also, can not find where to contact support.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Pretty much spot on lametrader,

This goes back to the video I did earlier "breakout vs fake out trading" where towards the end I get into why a rounded retest lines up the markets for breakouts whereas sharp spikes and obvious consolidations beyond HHR/LLS levels can lead to fake outs.

You have the right idea, that a rounded retest simply shows that the market isn't operating in the liquidity vacuum where it would want to sharply rise/fall to desperately seek liquidity and that block of orders from the pros. The calm soothing rounding action shows you that the market isn't perturbed by the direction of the breakout. At the same time the initial breakout often will lack the muscle to push through for a sustained breakout. It results in price pulling back to the breakout point to get in more buyers and yes, the pros will be lined up there to consume the weak order flow dragging price back to the breakout point.

You're right in that the rounded retest phenomena that precedes most true breakouts is one of the most obvious manifestations of order flow dynamics.

g.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
hehe. That's ok Steve. Great to see it do what it was always supposed to do though which is always refreshing to see.

g.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Yikes.

You can contact FF here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/contact.php

g.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Thanks Ghous

Yeah, great when we have a map.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
With 4 freaking days to show me this momentum it decides to move on a Friday and when I am flat.

This business never ceases to test you to the fullest.

Good to see the anticipated bigger story revealing nicely though.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Hi Lamertrader,

Have you read darkstar's books on orderflow trading?

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Exactly the same for me.  Not with this method but another i trade.    Stopped out for break even over night and then it moves 100 pips today!  -

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Yeah. At the end of the day I think these are the moments that make us strong and give us the chance to really prove our worth in this business. Its about moving on and choosing to not live with the disappointment to keep the head straight and emotions aside.

Just another day at the office.

Many MANY more to come

g.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Out with a breakeven on the USD/CAD.

After a whole painstaking 5 days of waiting, eventually I know I want to be out of this one.

Price is just stuck at that prior small consolidation box and despite some attempts to break through the 1.03 it has failed to gather buyers every time.

With the weekend approaching I don't want to be taking on the gamble of predicting gaps or early Sunday/Monday illiquid movement.

Still too early to deem the setup as "failed" yet, but it doesn't fit into my risk appetite anymore now that we're sitting a couple of hours into the weekly close.

Anyway, that should be the end of the trading month for me. Hope you guys had fun and wishing everyone a great October!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Hi!

Yes I did.

Stephen

--- 帖子 #856 ---
I too have read darkstar's book and taken Grkfx's course.

It's nice to be on a thread where some of that thinking is being put into practical application.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Hi Lamertrader,

I am wondering how order flow trading might be helping you with respect to trading based on Ghous' fakey setups. Are you trying to build a system of your own?

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Hi Ghous and all orderflow guys,

I recently took a trade in CHFNOK

1. Fakeybar had formed at key resistance level on the daily chart. Also, triple top with divergence. Deep swing high and plenty of space. Confluence.

2. The fakey bar on the daily did not close below brn 6.6. So the next day, I went short when price closed below brn 6.6 on 4 hour. Stop loss was placed behind the high of the bar.

3. The next day my stop loss was taken out.

Hmmm.  Perhaps my stop loss was too tight. But even if I had placed my stop loss behind the hhr or the fakeybar high, I would have been taken out. So what is happening?

Could this be because there is no consensus among pros. i.e. pros A1, A2 ..An, who had a short bias came in with huge sell orders and the fakey bar was formed. But then pros B1, B2...Bn who have a long bias start coming with huge buy orders which completely absorbs the previous huge sell orders. As a result of the tug war between the two set of pros, one set wins. So it is not that just the novice traders are loosing, one set of pros also looses.

Please comment.

Thanks,

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Again, thank you for your videos! I will get myself comfortable and go through your channel over the weekend.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Just my take.

Again, I don't have that pair, but judging from your image it doesn't seem that theres much room there at all.  If you took you're entry at the close of the fakey bar (not a very deep fake out either) there are multiple fta zones immediately below your order.  Your entry bar traveled into that traffic to the left and reversed.  Pretty much what you would expect.  That fake out bar just wasnt deep enough or long enough to gather enough sellers to overcome the buy orders sitting at that congestion area.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
I don't agree with darkstar and Grkfx that order flow trading is something new different from price action analysis and fundamantal analysis.

I think they say this because of marketing purposes but there's no need to reinvent the wheel. There are still 4 ways of trading: technical analysis based on indicators, technical analysis based on price action, fundamental analysis based on news and a combination of these analysis. If order flow can be read from a naked chart this is still a price action method (I consider price action everything that has to do with a naked chart). If you include news then it's a combination between price action and fundamentals. Order flow should be included when you make a price action analysis so it's not really a different method.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
I tend to agree with you and thought the same thing as I went through Grkfx's material.  They may downplay tech and PA, but orderflow is what creates those patterns and actions.  It's kinda like the 'chicken and the egg'...does a wedge breakout create the orderflow as others jump on board or does the orderflow create the wedge breakout.  I would suggest that it's a combo.  Maker causes an initial push knowing that the herd will follow as they observe the price action.

I do think darkstar and grkfx's work help understand what goes on after and because of a price movement.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
hey Neytiri,

which broker offers that pair?

Although Spyderman summed it up really well for you, I could try and add something if I could look around that setup a bit, specially the 4H where you said you took the trade off.

g.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Hi!

For me Darkstar's OF trading provided another aspect of Trading. Now if I were asked to define how to trade good my simple answer would be - trade with the pros - with the big guys. Then you ask yourself how these guys trade and that's where things get complicated. What is our job? To see the market through their eyes.

As a complete newb I was all over the charts... (Ghous can prove this, by uploading my lamy charts that I sent him in February. I still got them though. It's just weird to look at them LOL) I just wanted to trade, cause I thought the only way I can get better is taking trades on a daily basis. Well, I was kind of wrong here... But then I read Mike's (mbqb11) favorite book "Trading the Zone". It was a damn tough book - it took a few weeks, but it gave me the first push - I realized that with reading I can widen my "line of sight". I realized that it's much more efficient to spend 500-1k hours with reading and then doing something, than just starting to develop some random system of yours from scratch.

So I started reading - threads, posts, books etc. What these books & posts & videos give you is just another point of view. If you think that you like the given way of thinking then you might go deeper in it. Guess what - there is no HOLLY GRAIL system either.

One of the guys said I might want to check out the Sam Seiden videos on FxStreet. I said fine - i checked them out. Some videos were amazing cause, they lined up with another trader's (Tom Dante - the_wizzard) way of thinking. (Note: Maybe not the video as a whole - but some tiny hidden ideas were the sparkle to my "AHHA" moment that I love so much).

Meanwhile another trader said that the whole Sam Seiden thing is bullshit and I should check out Volume Spread Analysis trading, because it's much more close to the Order Flow mindset. What now? I checked out both. And guess what - at the end it all comes down to one thing - which one YOU find better. Both of them is an interpretation of the market, with their underlying reasons. The question is which reason / argument do you favor - aka. which is closer to your mindset / personality.

IMHO at some point it's unavoidable to build an own system. And yes - answering your question I'm building my own system. Reading reading, testing - picking up the gold nuggets etc.

I think Ghous built a very good system here.

But don't forget that it is only his interpretation of the market. He has got his own goals / objectives! - (i.e. building a system which is based on Daily/4H timeframe - so it doesn't requires much time etc.) Due to this reason he might disregards some aspects of the market that You or I might find important. (Sentiment, Major News etc.)

This thread (actually the former thread "HCR-LCS & SFP Research" ) gave me the first push to climb outside of the box.

Answering your second question: (If OF book gave me something about Ghous' system)

Just as other great books it gave me extra insights.For example if you would bring his system down to 1H or 30m without any changes - you will realise that the same thing is going on there. If you got a strong consolidation in which price is bouncing all the retail traders will put their StopLoss under the resistance of the consolidation. (Stop accumulation) Now price goes down, takes out the stops, thus providing liquidity for the big guys + Breakout traders enter (just as Ghous says in the first post) - also providing liquidity, big guys go long and at the end what you see is the same - a nice pinbar that took out the former low. Although I would definitely not recommend bringing down this system to 15m as it is, because on lower TF many other factors come into play.

I hope all this makes some sense

Cheers,

Stephen

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Order flow knowledge is definitely not something beyond the umbrella of price action trading, but since it reaches to the depth and the real core of why price moves the way it does it looks at price action trading through a more detailed viewpoint that is refreshing and not something that you see regular price action systems achieve.

The idea, that all price action systems do have order flow dynamics working behind in the backdrop is absolutely correct. So trading chart patterns, typical candles/bars, and trading S/R all work because of order flow dynamics. In the end all that one requires is a simple proven edge and for that a good price action "system" that utilizes a small part of order flow dynamics should suffice which is essentially why you don't need to bring home all order flow concepts and the massive knowledge to be able to successfully trade price action. All the commonly traded chart patterns and the trading systems you see developed on trading S/R in some way are just systematized versions of order flow concepts. Without having to go into the science of order flow, they create a superficial (and generalized) model that is easier on the eye and the mind and easier to follow.

I am trading order flow all the time with the J16 material and never even thought about it until I actually started reading Darkstar's posts and realized what a pin bar really signfies. It was interesting to see that a pin bar was actually printing stop hunting efforts and that the wick was reaching into thin air to grab on to the opposite orders which was reversing price, but if I didn't know this, and thought that "a good pin bar at a decent location reverses a trend" then am I wrong? Am I in the dark? Most importantly will that have an effect on my profitability? I don't think so. Its actually pretty cool to be able to trade order flow without even knowing it.

I really do believe, that these "order flow versus price action" debates are pointless. What you must understand is that price action (the way its understood, taught and implemented) represents a more superficial means of trading the market whereas order flow explores further depths. It might sound cool to want to go in depth but it doesn't necessarily point towards more profitability or higher likelihood of grasping the holy grail. It increases your research work and effort, takes time to get a good hold of, and takes you into regions unknown to you and questions that you will need to answer for yourself over several hours of chart time, practice and observation. To many the simple approach of following a proven price action system that relies on order flow only indirectly without explicitly requiring you to know much about order flow works really well. I can vouch for that too.

For me reading about order flow was lustful. It was so amazing, I could sit around for hours reading order flow threads and despite the fact that they seemed to be talking a different language I would read and re-read the material, go back to charts and dig my head into them. Importantly I was doing this simply for my love for expanding my knowledge in this business. I never thought that I was actually searching for that holy grail. In fact it was obvious that I was moving away from the sure-footed price action stuff and moving towards more ambiguous more anonymous territory. I was moving away from a "systems approach" to a "methodical approach". Of course over time I just latched on to the fake out phenomena and systematized it, but it sure was a more lengthy more complex and clearly a more uneasy path to take but one that fit perfectly with my goals and objectives.

Fact is, most people just want a winning system and they couldn't care less if I refer to a sharp up move as a "tall man standing" or a "liquidity disequilibrium/vacuum" or a "spike" or whatever. Most just want to know where to enter and where to exit, AND THAT'S FINE. It really goes down to your own personal objectives and demands.

g.

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Nice post.

Couldn't agree with you more.

g.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Please download MT4 from lqdmarkets.com. You will find it listed there.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Neytiri nothing works all of the time, if it did it would be the holy grail. It could quite simpily been profit taking leading to more profit taking from a good rise at the start of the week, followed by buyers returning to the lower price maybe due to fundamentals?. Personaly i'd look for a break above the last bar, or a pullback below the previous red bar then reassess

--- 帖子 #869 ---
PS:

OF gave me something extra to the plain james16 setups.

Honestly I don't know if james16 is aware of this order flow thing at all. But dont forget that he spent 20 years with trading. During this 20 years his eyes "got used" to the good setups - so i think at a subconscious level his mind recognises order flow. And that is his edge. I don't have this experience, and I obviously wanted to trade every single shitty pinbar just to make some profit.

With OF I understood why are those pinbars meaningless and I can consciously look for the best james16 setups.

I just see a james16 setups, i combine it with OF and I know if it is an A+ or just an ordinary pinbar...

However don't misunderstand me - the james16 group gave me a LOT. When a newb asks me where to start I just can't tell them all this stuff as the first step... I always direct them towards the james16 thread

Cheers

Stephen

--- 帖子 #870 ---
This is one of the best posts on FF I have read in 2013.

Very helpful and intelligent.

Thank you !

Mike

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Found two...

None of them is super A+...

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Hey Ghous, Spyderman,

I have marked FTA on the chart. I took the trade after price closed below 6.6. The stop loss was placed above the high of the bar that closed below 6.6 on 4 H chart.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #873 ---
That is exactly the reason why I thought that I should know order flow.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #874 ---
"I really do believe, that these "order flow versus price action" debates are pointless."

--- 帖子 #875 ---
By the looks of it, you probably missed the consolidation box on the left which is an uneasy thought for me because given that you actually took the trade on the 4H the consolidation box was crystal clear on that TF. In fact price did exactly what it was supposed to do.

I am glad that you waited for the close below the 6.6 RN, but I think you missed the fact that the trade was still headed into a lot of traffic. These aren't untradable but very very tricky where you've got to baby sit the trade as it wanders into tight trouble areas.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The trade I took on the AUD/CHF is a great example of a "tricky" situation. Now my anticipation was, that breaking out of that very tight consolidation box and heading back below the obvious HHR region, price should really be willing to blow past the initial trouble area. It did do that eventually but I needed to be extremely conservative in managing this trade. After 4 days of no interest from the sellers I had to kill the trade despite being confident on the overall story because the information available then made it logical for me to do that. Its easy to look at this in hindsight now and feel tough about having to exit the trade when it was good for more, but then again dealing with these tight situations in real time can get tricky precisely because it can expose the weaker you by allowing the indecision to creep in followed by a flurry of emotions stemming from nervous jittery actions. It becomes easy once you start being logical but it still doesn't take away the "tricky" feature of such trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I am not sure if you were actually able to spot that 4H consolidation box to the left on CHF/NOK, but even if you did you probably thought this was good enough to push through it. This is what I personally would not recommend new people to step up to, because there are more no-brainer A+ setups available to milk and profit from.

g.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Hello all... I knw I dnt have to bring this here bt I just need an advise.... I have an account of 150dollars with instaforex, I want to make more deposit and I dnt knw how reliable they re... Pls need an advise on good broker tht accepts a deposits of 150-200 dollars if instaforex aint good enough... thanks Ghous and all.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
My eyes were focused only on the S/R flip zone. Now that you showed me the box, I realize that I completely missed it. Got to be more alert next time.

Thanks,

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Ghous,

Please read the last section of post # 861. I have given an analysis of what could have happened. Please comment on that.

There are many pros and not all the pros will be thinking alike, right? If a section of pros will be dumping huge sell orders, there has to be a section of pros who have the moolah to buy it. Somebody has to loose, right?

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Fake out on GBP USD 1hr. The trigger bar would have been the blue candle and take profit at FTA.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Hey Neytiri,

The purpose of creating a fake out isn't always to simply reverse the trend big time. It's really about playing games here. Reversing the whole move is very often the objective, but its not rare to see a fake out play a mere pull back game to push price back into a former S/R zone just to get more fuel for the trend. This is where our trouble areas and trade management come into play. Think about it, if it was about reversals all the time, we would really be just taking and forgetting about trades till we bagged in a shit load of pips.

The fake out on CHF/NOK maybe the result of selling coming in simply to push price back into that prior consolidation box to get more buyers in. Its quite likely that that pro bears sold into the buying at the HHR, but that doesn't go on to suggest that price must reverse big time always. If they lost interest as price made into that prior consolidation box it makes sense for the sell side order flow to lose steam and allow for the buyers to take over.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So this isn't like one group of pro sellers versus another group of pro buyers but rather both the groups getting their due share.

Hope this makes sense.

g.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Ahh Nice!

Did you take this?

I love your identification of that major trouble area where price bounced off.

Trouble areas are despised usually because obviously they can create obstacles for your nicely running trades, but I think they are extremely important, when they are conspicuous, because that just lays out the whole story in front of you like an open book as well as suck all the indecision and confusion out of the trade plan. You know exactly where price is headed.

g.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Hi g!

Day by day i'm digging this OF stuff, and i'm trying to put the pieces together.

Now I just remembered that you were the one, who introduced me the inverted pinbar "syndrome / setup"

I have kept thinking what the hell can be the OF behind it?

Price wants to reverse, thus some buying pressure comes, but the selling pressure is still greater than the buying pressure.

This moving in price creates a liquidity vacuum there which is filled on the next day by the upcoming bullish pressure.

6 months ago I just noted some post of yours and wrote down: "If I see IPB then I might want to reverse my position" - but I tend to think what we actually want to see is that vacuum - that wick getting filled - right? So the reversal could be much more indicated by the IPB and it's filled which rather than a single IPB, right?

Hope this post/question and the pictures make some sense.

If you got some time you might introduce IPBs in a video. Its great stuff.

Stephen

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Hi Ghous and All, Just find this on USD.SEK daily time frame... it appears to be a fake out... Am I right..? if am right, can I sell if it closes below the resistance line..?

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Ghous this is a great thread. I tend to stay away from boards but your thread has actualy encouraged me to join in. I trade and have been trading a similar way for a long time.

I haven't seen much mention about the 'trend' or the impotance of round numbers here (I apologise if it has as I have yet to read the entire thread). I have found that the trend is indeed your friend and 'fakeys' around big round numbers.

The pic below is of a trade i'm still in US/Chf daily. the price broke .9400 RN and pulled back (fakey). price has bounced from this area in it's last 2 previous highs.  On entry the trend is heading down, the surge down through .9162 makes the downtrend clear.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
These things are mentioned on page 1 & 3 for a start.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
I did say i haven't read the thread. I've just been present on the last 5 or so. I only noticed it as something familiar to my trading style.

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Something is not right here,

you have drawn an LLS level, and you should be looking for long opportunities here not short.

Let me know if this is unclear.

g.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
WOW! Great to have you on board!

We are big on round numbers here too. Not sure why anyone trading order flow / PA wouldn't be big on them.

And nice trade.

g.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
hey Stephen, I'll see if I can get the time today to do a quick video on this.

g.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
EUR/USD 4hour time frame... pls ghous and all, say smthing about it... I appreciate...

--- 帖子 #891 ---
That's right - all that blue stuff is your trouble area.

EU has been consolidating in a 150 pip range in the last month... Look at the chart before that huge jump - same there too - just consolidating.

It's a no go for me. (Also bearing in mind that we got this US debt ceiling issue...)

Stephen

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Hi Steve.. thanks alot, much appreciation.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Yeah, something like that. Although I wouldn't be eager to buy right on the breakout. You see many times, that you break out with a huge bullish bar, and on the next day you pull back with a same-sized bearish bar.

IMHO you can do here 2 things:

a) Wait (given the circumstances of the USD i wouldn't be eager to trade B or C grade setups now...). If you trade on the Daily to the 1H the best possible solution would be to wait for a nice breakout and then wait until price trickles back and touches the former support. (Rounded Retest pattern) - If you want to learn more about it visit Tom's "Fail Better" thread. But as it is on the Daily i wouldn't trade it short with a SL of that wick... I remember cause I always pointed out such setups to Ghous and said - "you see - i could have made money!!!" - but dont forget what our goals are - find high probability, low risk setups... This short is none of them...

b) Wait til price goes back into the consolidation area and try to make intraday trades - although I wouldn't recommend it - intraday trading is another world...

Hope this makes some sense

Stephen

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Hi Everybody,

USDCHF

A fakeout bar might form at today's close.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #895 ---
If the fakeybar is confirmed on the daily, I will wait for price to close above 0.9068 on the 4 hr chart and then go long.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #896 ---
I was just about to post this chart and you beat me to it. If it does close like this then it would have rejected BRN .90 as well. Ghous, thoughts on possibly taking this trade if it setups correctly?

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Lots and much sense steve... thanks alot, U just clearify wht I want to knw.... much appreciation

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Hi Neytiri... why dont U wanna take the trade on the daily time frame...?

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Hi Pips,

I am taking the trade on the daily time frame.

My main criteria is that it should close above 0.9068 at least on the 4 hour chart. By closing above 0.9068, it will have closed above the trendline and the 4 hour ppz. I anticipate that if price closes above 0.9068, it might trickle its way to 0.9128.

Its not a A+ setup for sure. Let's see how it goes.

Intraday is stressful for me too and makes me nervous.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Neytiri I was tempted to take the same trade on 4hr.

Entered the AU on 4hr, not a great entry but RN rejection, in a medium trend, out of a TL, previous LL closed the gap. and i now have a tight SL.

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Great. Waiting for a close above 0.9068.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #902 ---
I do appreciate the fact that the fake out is off of a major long term LLS and the BRN confluence of 9000 just takes the credibility miles ahead. That said, I also believe that the trade is running into some traffic as you guys identified. A small immediate consolidation box followed by a major PPZ.

It certainly isn't a no-brainer for sure. My decision is still pending. Perhaps I'll require a pull back to the LLS as buying that high (if we close strongly) would make me very nervous heading straight into those trouble areas.

Still just a thought though. When I am thinking too much about a setup it often ends up as a pass, but this won't be as easy due to the locational pros.

g.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
My girl friend ditched me but I still love her.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Waiting to trade that high, makes no sense for me.

Consider the scenario where, in taking an entry that high, price is headed straight into a major consolidation box low that should make, me personally, very nervous and jittery.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
These make up for extremely aggressive trades and so for me are really like an action thriller that I'd prefer to enjoy over a couch.

Sometimes, the order flow within a consolidation box, is too evenly matched to enable price to break through. It will, at times, need to fake out off one end to allow for the positions to unload before price can actually break through - THE OTHER END.

Sounds crazy but actually makes sense. So if really we want a break to the downside from this consolidation box, does it make difficult for the pro sellers to unload their positions in a highly liquid market where buyers match up to the sellers almost head to head? Does it make sense to trigger some retail buying over at the other end to allow the pros to unload their positions (that too at the best available prices) and push price back into the consolidation box and all the way through for a true breakout the other end?

Don't get me wrong, of course the consolidation box under all that pro selling is going to create trouble areas and make trade management real tough, but its fun to watch (I said watch not trade) price battle its way through all that traffic and eventually give the pros what they want. This does happen quite often, and it just makes you sit and wonder at the level of control that the pros have versus the "illusion of control" the retail traders think they operate with.

g.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Was a beautiful trade..thanks for pointing it out pipslearner1

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Hold your horses there. What trade, what setup are we talking about here? It certainly can't have anything to do with a fake out.

g.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
This was the trade ghous and yes was a nice fakey right into the trouble area which gave extra reason for price to head back down

--- 帖子 #909 ---
That is not a fake out. At least not the way we trade it.

You have drawn a lowest low of support level, and fake out off of it, would be price heading into it from above and receiving  rejection to give off a bullish setup that you go long off. What I am seeing you do here, is simply take a short off a former support zone. This is mixing up different styles up to a dangerous extent.

g.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Where is pinbar?!

Steve you alive?

--- 帖子 #911 ---
hi all, True the US/Chf is heading into traffic but an early entry on the first 4hr pinbar style fakey candle would have given time to adjust SL to BE and cross fingers.

Ghous I entered the US/CAD you mentioned in post #906, it was on the daily timeframe on 20/9 at 1.0278. Unfortunately I moved SL to BE when price looked like it was passing through early traffic and reached 1.0338. Was stopped out a few days back. Good trade just moved to BE to early due to lack of monitor time. I will look to re-enter again.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
You will get another one

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Set up with right below FTA consolidation box....

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Hey g.....

Are looking for a any re entry.... (Not for that GF thing.... )... I mean for trade......

KOS

--- 帖子 #915 ---
KOS  I was hoping we'd reach the highlighted blue HH on the GU over the next few days. However the G/U could pullback to test 1.6100 from here.

--- 帖子 #916 ---
I don't think this qualifies since it is not at the HHR...correct me if I am wrong ghous

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Hi everyone

Interesting and with the long term trend (bearish)

--- 帖子 #918 ---
I too had to actually manually kill the trade towards last weeks close, as it showed no real signs of any movement. Short consolidation periods post massive fake outs isn't something that destroys the setup or the over all story but of course risk management is a whole different concept and in the end both need to be aligned to provide you with the signal.

I was considering a re-entry on Yesterday's daily bar if I had got a strong close on it, but unfortunately the close was pretty bleak.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Agree with Captainlush's resistance zone he drew right at the top. That's where I would have wanted a fake out. The one you've pointed out, is obviously running into a close by FTA and isn't in line with the bigger story.

g.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
It is an HHR price level, but of the minor swing point itself. That's what I was pointing out a minute ago in a prior post to Kos, that that HHR he pointed out wouldn't quite catch my attention as much as the true HHR further above would have.

g.

--- 帖子 #921 ---
There we go!

Once again no surprises.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Hey Guys,

Please have a look at AUDNZD  Already 4 hr chart looks good.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #923 ---
No surprises after such a shitty unemployment news

But im happy cause now i can laugh into the face of those ones who told me its a great trade!

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Am new to this but wonder whether it is a strong enough SP?

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Hi, am back, sorry for the absence. Is there any post that explains these abbreviations that you guys are using like SP, HHA, FTA, BRN, LLS, etc. ?

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Hi!

Welcome back!

Check out the second post!
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=435416

Cheers,

Stephen

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Not quite sure what you want to draw our attention too.

A chart always helps.

g.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Hey Shahzad,

SP = Swing point

HHA = err...not quite sure. Never used it. Maybe you meant HHR?

HHR = Highest High of Resistance

LLS = Lowest Low of Support

FTA = First Trouble Area

MTA = Major Trouble Area

STA = Second Trouble Area

BRN = Big Round Number

RN = Round Number

TF = Time Frame

Can't really think of any more. Let me know if I have missed out any.

g.

--- 帖子 #929 ---
That giant pin?

--- 帖子 #930 ---
I thought so, but that's just a single bar fake out, running into the 150 EMA and the minor swing high. I wanted to see if he spotted that.

g.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
I've got a B/E running on this targeting the low of the range. I factored in 1.14 RN as well as strong trend direction on higher TF's. I actually base traded it off the 150/RN and got taken out by the pin on a news spike last night then re-entered this morning. Let's see how it goes

--- 帖子 #932 ---
wow i missed the perfect setup (i think!) in gold 4H chart... if you move down to the 1h chart you'll see it just closes at the FTA and then shoots past it to the second trouble area at around 1319...!

now i'm seeing what you mean Ghous, when it's there's isn't a lot of consolidation nearby price moved so much more quickly.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Hi Ghous and everybody,

Here is a point by point explanation -

1. A double bottom pattern has formed on the daily chart. Many traders would have entered long above HHR

2. Nice fakey bar has formed on the 12 hour chart at a major swing high and price is trading away from brn 1.14. Those who had entered long are now faked out.

3. On the 4 hour chart, price is trading away from the 150 ema and has closed below the low of previous support (low of the pinbar) and the consolidation box .

4.Plenty of space.

I went short when price closed below the previous support on 4 hour chart.

My FTA is 1.128 and stop loss is just above the 150 ema on the 4 hour chart.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #934 ---
I am sorry for posting the chart too late.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Ghous,

I'm actually in this Cad/Chf on a 1H pinbar, but looks like it might be setting up for a daily on your style.  What are your thoughts?  Still too crowded?

ThanksAttachment

--- 帖子 #936 ---
I don't trade commodities for religious reasons but this is text book stuff. You might want a print out of that and framed right in front of your monitor.

g.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
RaminFX i'm in the gold trade. Got my attention on the fakey at LL 1291. but my entry was seeing support at 1300 using a small TF for entry. the SOB missed my TP by 1pip.

Don't know if any of these have been posted recently...

One's to look at..UJ broke out of long term wedge and now performing what could be a fakey on the 4h. broke through minor LL with more substancial one just below.

If it pulls back into wedge and finds support at 98.00 (this is where i apply a lower TF) then it could get interesting

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EJ fakey on 4hr, creating nice pin on daily. bit of trouble nearby but going in the direction of a strong trend. i got in early on 1h

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #938 ---
No issues. Its refreshing to see you break that setup down really well.

g.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
I am watching this on the daily, it is a little crowded. I have my eyes on a possible daily close above that daily bar low sticking out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #940 ---
I couldn't resist it..a small bet on UChf

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Hi

I was hesitating to take this trade because of the strong momentum developing on W1.

Thank you for this wonderful thread and for putting our thoughs together.

Cheers

Andreas

--- 帖子 #942 ---
So why did you take this trade?

--- 帖子 #943 ---
My reasons:developing fakey on W1 break on trendline on D1 we trade off a demand level on D1 RR 1:2 to next demand level on D1 Cheers

Andreas

--- 帖子 #944 ---
lot of big hitting speakers coming up. Rosengren and Bernanke. Time to move SL in tight and quit for today.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
CADCHF?

Thats a nice one imo.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Thank you Ghous for teaching us this method

Neytiri

p.s. Please ignore the horizontal lines in the image

--- 帖子 #947 ---
nice one Neytiri.. looked like a great setup to me as well! unfortunately so far i haven't actually been in any of these!

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Yeah just about. I am traveling in the beautiful mountain countryside of Benxi in China. Web access is scarce at best here. See you guys next week.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Anyone know why the sudden surge in the Euro? Not complaining as it's pushed my EJ up nicely.

IF it continues EC and EU daily HH may get breached

--- 帖子 #950 ---
ghous,

Here now we have fake out setup. But as you mention it didn't close above mentioned level....

Now are we still looking for daily close above of that level or strong H4 close above will be enough to pull the trigger....

KOS

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Good luck

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Couldn't pull the trigger on the daily as price as price wasn't able to close above 8740.

I am looking forward to a 4H thrust upwards that can possibly take us beyond the 8740 which might then get me interested.

g.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Good stuff! Have fun bro!

g.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
yes. As I was commenting on a post from lamer trader, I am looking forward to that 4H push.

g,

--- 帖子 #955 ---
This is a trade I am in.

NZD/JPY.

Charts worth a thousand words

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Why do think price will not stall near those bar low levels (see figure) ?

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Ahh - you wanted the pinbar to close back? And not even the last bar, but above that other hammer bar? O.o

Okay

Stephen

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Damn I missed that one - nice!

Although it's kinna choppy there... But price made us clear that it doesnt want to go south...

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Not that I am expecting it to totally blast off, but I do believe the story here is strong enough to push price through the region it is currently at.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Does this help?

g.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
So you are saying that the location of the fakeout scenario overrides obstacles due to bar lows at the ppzs, right?

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Hi Ghous, nice thread, really.

I saw your video about fake and break out, I am very interested about rounded track which you mentioned, may I request more detailed explanation why

you prefer rounded track on pull back. I also insert a picture about deceleration on pullback.

I haven't read james16 and Fail Better thread and neither things about Order Flow.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That acceleration topic is also suit to strengthen your fakey setup.

Please also comment picture below, my friend. (about acceleration vs deceleration/compression; and about my question there)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

cheers

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Stopped out for BE for now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Doesn't "over ride it" but makes it tradable with tight trade management.

So as price decided to hang about I am out with a breakeven rather than hoping or believing no matter what price will blast its way through those trouble areas.

g.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
I'll get to this in a bit, gotta head out for now...

g.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
As expected, the 8740 acting as resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Hey Digu,

The idea that I was portraying in that video is that the most obvious fake out scenarios are where you get action reminiscent of a "spike" characterized by a sharp move through followed by an equally sharp rejection back into the swing point.

Any kind of a delayed pull back, may it be rounded, or one of your "decelerating" instances, with evidence of a holdup at the prior breakout point makes up for a breakout story.

As for your second question, again I am not really looking at the shape of the move that pulls back to the LLS/HHR after a fake out bar forms. I am more interested in seeing price hold up at the LLS/HHR.

hope this is clear.

g.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
hope all are trading well.

just logged on to see some mixed results but positive overall.

Now keeping eye on 4hr GChf and GJ

--- 帖子 #968 ---
O.K. Now I understand why you took that trade

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Here's a scenario I am watching with interest.

Nice implicit divergence on the daily, And yesterday's fake out has gotten me to sit up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Hey N,

How do you like your DJI?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
But I screwed up money management. I will show you what happened in my case soon.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Thanks

I am still re-reading previous page and word "vacuum" still interest me much, later I will ask transaction mechanism taken by trader (sure knowing how transmission work doesn't means he is an expert driver).

It is my take on USD/CAD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

how do you think? If price really climbs up, when is right time to move my SL, or to quit instantly?

GBP/USD, god in my beginning process learning with you, I am already taken "not a fake bar"

just can't decline that Pin Bar
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Neytiri wants to trade for a living. One day she stumbles on a thread in forex factory where a nice bloke called Ghous explains how he trades for a living using a method called the fakey setup.  Neytiri learns the fakey setup. She is happy that she can identify few fakey setups. Neytiri decides to demo trade the fakey set up. One day while scanning weekly charts, she sees the chart of DJ30. Neytiri sees an A+ set up on the weekly. She becomes very excited and waited eagerly for the market to open the next week. When the market opened she entered a market order for 1 lot of DJ30. She placed the stop loss above the high of the fakey bar. It was huge. Immediately after placing the market order, she was down 1000 dollars. But it was paper money, so she did not worry.  Slowly the price started going her favor. She was up a few thousand dollars. Now she started day dreaming. She thought if this keeps going on for a couple of weeks, she might earn at least 50 thousand dollars. So MENTALLY SHE DECIDED TO TRAIL THE STOP ALL THE WAY TO THE END OF THE MOVE.

At this stage, she also started thinking about the pros. How much they will be earning .. their lot sizes would be at least 100. She was sad . She did not have the money to place an order for one lot of DJ30. Her stop loss was huge.

In few days, Neytiri’s account was up by 17 thousand dollars. She decided to CHANGE HER PLAN. 17 thousand is a huge amount of money. She started thinking about closing her position. After much thought she decides to stick to her original plan. She moved the stop loss to breakeven.

After few days price started going up. Neytiri’s paper money decreased from 17 to 10 thousand dollars. She is shocked. She feels her stop loss will be taken out and that she will loose whatever paper profits she made. But she decides to stick to the original plan.  Since she had decided to stick to her original plan, she moved her stop loss back to the high of the fakey.  Now she started worrying that if her stop loss at the high of the fakey will be taken out she would suffer a huge loss. So she moved the stop loss back to breakeven . She drew a fib and saw that price was at 50% retrace. She also drew a channel on the 4 hour chart. She saw that price had broken out of the channel. Now she was convinced that price will hit her stop loss at breakeven . She was already up 10 thousand dollars.  She decided not to be greedy and simply closed the trade. So basically SHE CHANGED HER PLAN.

The very next day Neytiri sees that price went south again. She is disappointed and thought she should have stuck to her original plan. However, if price had moved north, her original plan would have failed.

Moral of the story - Stick to the original plan. But it is so hard to do J

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Continueing off post #964.

A rejection of the LL, a build up of support on the 'breaky' side. I'll not post anymore of these on this thread as it's a pure 'fakey' thread and not a 'breaky' thread but It's important that you can make up your mind if it's a fakey or breaky.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Congratulations  I think you have coined a new name for a setup. I am not saying this sarcastically

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Hehe, and all this was on DEMO!! ...I traded demo for a while and while it's good for learning and everyone should start on demo, there is NO way that demo simulates live account; and by that I mean the emotions involved when real money is at stake.

So far I've seen some nice fakey setups developing on daily, but when I go to pull the trigger I still have doubts and what if this happens and what if that happens... you're right that you need to have confidence in your setup/approach and just stick to the plan. Sticking to your plan doesn't guarantee success by any means, but deviating from your plan (unless ofcourse you have good reason to) will probably lower your chances of success.

Right now I'm trying to get more comfortable with this fakey approach and hopefully see some profits

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Guys please have a look at USDHUF. Charts coming soon

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Yeah, had that one up yesterday and this morning.  My spreads just too high on my broker.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
I entered after price broke out of the flag formation in the 4 hour chart. FTA - brn 220

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Nice day for trading today. some good trades on GU, GJ, EC.

One i was waiting on was AudCad, maybe early next week

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Guys Kindly add your comment on below chart...

Knowing How to handle a pending order (Hope ghous may discuss this one also in his video series later stage) will be an big help for me....

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Hey Digu,

I was actually long USD/CAD myself and then had to bail out as price showed no signs of breaking out of that consolidation box to the left. Notice how we now have implicit divergence kicking in as well, as price finds it tough to close above prior bar highs acting as minor HHR levels.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Apologies for the delay.

Eid's approaching here really fast and understandably there is quite a lot beyond charts that occupying me.

Anyway here's the video (turned out to be longer than I thought so had to break it up in 2 parts):

Inserted Video

Inserted Video

g.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Yes it can be hard to stick to the plan.

Where it gets tricky is at times "You actually do need to change the original plan". Again I will obviously be drawing out from my own experience and method, but its almost certain that you won't always be expecting the market to do exactly as you want it to behave which is why we can only start off with a guesstimate of what we expect of the setup. Then as it starts to unfold depending on how it looks, you might have to alter the initial trade plan a bit.

I got an e-mail from a trader who was really confused by the "real traders" rejecting a kind of setup and another time being really excited about a similar looking setup. Obviously a lot of the decisions that you see real traders make are in real time and its impossible to even count the number of factors that could be at play. With all discretionary trading methods some contradiction (limited amounts of it) is unavoidable. A huge part of discretionary trading involves being ready to make decisions on the spot rather than expecting the market to do "A" so that if it goes ahead and does "B" or "C" you are totally lost and in that period of uncertainty prefer to just stick to the initial plan and probably take the hit.

You can still go ahead and have a plan A, a plan B, and a plan C which is IMO the way to go, but at the same time be ready and willing to act upon the unfolding action if you can use logic to defend it then, and whenever later you may need to. Of course this is going to be very tricky, and will take lots of repeated attempts (i.e loads of practice) to learn to do without letting emotions drive the decision.

The point I am trying to get at, is that trading price action is mastered when you can be discretionary and flexible and willing to deal with the variances involved from setup to setup even when they stem from the same methodology and are of the same "type".

Again this is just from my own pot, and not something that has to remain true in general too. For instance, a mechanical "set and forget" method might still be on for a trader willing to shoot for very short term profit targets. So if you're a trader who isn't just trading for short term profit targets all the time and aspire to catch long runners you need to be able to develop the ability to make on spot decisions without being emotional. Easier said than done. A LOT easier said than done.

Coming back to your trade Neytiri,

I can't really comment on whether you needed to stick to your original plan or embrace the manual exit, as obviously you have your own rules and system. But a good way to find out if you're being emotional or actually relying on logic is to simply think if price had actually taken off to the upside after your exit, would you still be feeling bad about not following your initial trade plan? If the answer is yes, then you are starting to really weigh logic above emotions and the result on that one trade isn't affecting your ability to be logical. If the answer is no, then your feelings are just a result of how good your decision was for that one trade you took - which in the grand scheme of things is of course irrelevant.

Its important for you to know if you're feeling bad because the you didn't make more money on the trade, or because you made a decision which you now, in hindsight, think was wrong.

hope this makes sense.

g.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Gosh! That worked out well yeah?!

I was really hoping this would hold on till early next week, but just too much going on the fundamental front.

If I was to trade this, me entry would have been on the close of that first bar the popped under the HHR marked on my chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not quite sure what you mean by:

g.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Hello, Mr ghous, may I know the ma line you used in Daily, 4H and 1H, what ema ,sma is it? thank you.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
It is the 150 EMA.

g.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
WEEKLY GBPJPY

Fakeout with divergence.

1. Price makes a strong close above the HHR followed by two weeks where there is lack of momentum

2.  Last week the bears have kicked in big time. The beob completely engulfs two previous bars and closes below the HHR

3. MACD divergence

4. Plenty of space

I am going to enter when the market opens next week.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Looks promising Neytiri.  Here's hoping it doesn't gap down.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
A good execution plan might be to change to teh Daily or 4H chart and look for a pullback to the last point of resistance to get a better CRV

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #991 ---
KOS-fx just another view on your trade idea. Ghous has already mentioned the trade under the first bar.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #992 ---
That was exactly what I meant

I will try to get a nice entry on the 15min chart

--- 帖子 #993 ---
the blue one you marked on is possible for a good entry, but the white one I put on is too extra support from a previous HH and the RN. I personaly don't go lower the 1hr TF for entries.

Here's a weekly and possible future entry. UChf is coming close to the bottom of a side ways channel that's last some 3 years. Nice pin in a nice place. I'd like to see what happens at 9100 before a possible long term buy and hold

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I mentioned the ACad in post #983. Here's a daily pic to support what i said earlier. Break of daily pin, possible PB and resistance at 9700, smaller TF entry?? ony time will tell.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Hey Captain and Oak,

Thank you for your reply.. I aslo looking at 1H chart there were nice two entries but little bit compelled to go lower time frame than 4H...

Any way I try to go down only to find the entry...

thanx men your comments are improve my understanding on market....

--- 帖子 #995 ---
CADCHF closed above 0.8800 RN and is running into a minor trouble area but wasn't respected so much last times.

Do you think it's good to trade this pair?

--- 帖子 #996 ---
hello! These pictures are from a book? where it from?

--- 帖子 #997 ---
I would disagree with your point number 4.

This one has huge spatial concerns in my book as a weekly trade. Might still be tradable with a tighter stop based on a lower TF trigger bar all the way to the top of that consolidation box, but clearly as a weekly trade you're playing with ridiculously low levels of R:R unless you want to "hope" price will blow through that consolidation box completely and easily.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Neither caught my attention as they are both headed into traffic. With weekly trades in particular you have to make sure you're ready and willing to tie your capital up in tricky trades that can persist for months as price battles its way through the traffic (if at all it does)

g.

--- 帖子 #999 ---
hey Str8,

Not sure which trouble area you're referring to, but I am looking at a crystal clear and conspicuous major trouble area that price is heading into.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
That's the trouble area I'm referring.

I watch the chart from right to left (and put more emphasiz on recent reaction) and while price has made a reaction at that area it didn't cause price to reverse and eventually break it last times, that's why I said it is minor.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Sharp turnarounds represent carnage. Its not easy for the market to forget PPZs that host bounces like "A" and "B" (refer to chart below).

I can show you as many examples as you'd like, of instances where price "seemingly forgets about the PPZ for a push through once or twice" but goes back to respecting it if it has hosted major bounces in the past. Its really about those sharp reversals and the order flow that creates them. Leaves a print that the market will not discard that easily.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Hi

Strange question maybe but what do you do, how mutch percent gain on account can you make a normal mounth  with this method ?

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
hey there,

It of course varies from month to month. It could be anywhere from -5% to +20%. I know that's a vague answer but that's the closest I can get to answering it without letting any biases creep in.

g.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
So on a year you make well over 100 percent return anyway ?

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
That remains to be seen as I haven't traded this method on my live account for a full calender year yet.

g.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
My position size will be ultra small if I make an entry simply using the weekly chart. So I am waiting for price to retrace to the weekly HCR. I will enter short if I get price action on the daily chart.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
WTF. Look at what happened in XAGUSD (Alpari). Flash crash. Nothing like this seen in charts of other brokers (LQDMetatrader, AvaMetatrader). It would be disaster for those who were long.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
USD CHF

Anyone long on USD/CHF?

The weekly had a fakey, I entered long on the restest of today's daily bar. TP just around the FTA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Agree, thanks

Those pictures aren't from book, they are from image editor, to visualize my question to ghous.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
I think in this case the fakey is way too insignificant because the momentum behind it is just too small. I may be wrong though.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Hi Ghous and everybody,

I am in this trade now.

1. Weekly fakey

2. 8 hr chart - price closes below brn 156 followed by a retest

3. sl 156.1, target -154.3

4. major concerns - consolidation at the extreme left may mess up the trade, yet took it because of the clear price flip that happened previously- is this valid reasoning?

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
I'd love that bullish engulfing bar formed at Friday. But I am to afraid to buy since price dragging and consolidate before approaching to LLS.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
What is the reason of this happening?

Broker trying to steal your money or other reasons?

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
What do you think of entering at the retracement that happened today and target that trouble area?

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Do you want to say that we can use lower time frames stop losses if the stop loss is too big on higher time frames?

How about using entries on 4hr, stop losses and take profits using daily levels (instead of putting take profit or stop loss at a level on 4hr that seems minor on daily to put tp/sl at a more important level from daily)?

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
This is based on what % risk / trade?

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Hi Oak,

Saw your post just now. That is exactly what I did  I never had the retrace entry in mind, but when I saw the retrace happening, I made an entry immediately. I placed the stop loss above the high of the 8 hr pinbar. Right now my stop loss has been knocked off. Shucks.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Thank you very much.

This was very informative.

You are right - we dont need to overcomplicate things. Pros usually dont buy on the top, and dont sell @ the bottom. - This and this only thing explains me all the underlying OF of Inverted pinbars.

And a very great point - we should always look at the bigger picture - we might see an IPB, and trying to go short, while great traders (james16) sees price retesting a former S/R and forming a pinbar.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Yeah just bucket shop brokers with crap feeds.

g.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
I am looking at this very keenly myself. I didn't take a blind long on the pull back to the LLS, but prefer to see the daily close showing me a good day's action refusing to make a move below the LLS (i.e looking for a daily close above the LLS)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Hey there,

We are operating in a choppy market, so its ok to be expecting price to dance around a bit. It makes these situations tricky but tradable if you know what you're doing. Not A+ of course because they aren't in the "no brainer" league because of their dancing around

g.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
I do believe that the story so far seems geared towards the retest of the 154 region, but that said it just wasn't strong enough for me to look to trade it.

My only concern is that tight stop you have based of the 8H bar. If this is a setup you spotted on the weekly, isn't it unfair to go for that tight a stop and kill the trade for breathing space?

When trading with multiple time frames this is a balance that needs to be struck - and very well too. If a setup impresses you on the weekly, you have to really think about using an 8H bar as your stop loss, as price may just take it out and  might still work out pretty well on the weekly time frame.

Just a little food for thought.

g.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Hey Digu, I am glad you were able to spot that out.

Price accumulating and then thrusting forward (like a caterpillar) is what creates the choppiness and lack of space for a trade back into that kind of movement.

Brilliant!

g.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Yes. That's always a smart thing to do. Even better if you can drop down a time frame to watch a few bar closes to confirm the LLS (in this case) holding and then simply use a bullish bar as your trigger bar all the way up to that target area.

That gets you so far ahead in being able to manage the trade well. Where trader A who went long at the close of that big bullish bar is biting his nails off when price reaches that nearby target area because of the entry being so close and the stop so far off, whereas a trade down there near the LLS gives you that edge in being comfortably in the green as price approaches the major trouble area which allows decision making nice and easy.

That said, price actually missed the LLS here I see and if it fails to do that by the end of the day, then that's insufficient of course...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Yes it can be done. Though I force myself to not over do it as that is easy to do (its natural to want to go in with as tight a stop as possible to boost R:R). I like to keep my time frames independent but in the situations that I do use a lower time frame I prefer to use the closest available lower time frame. So the combination goes something like weekly/daily, daily/4H, 4H/1H. Again not set in stone but the idea is that obviously if you have a weekly setup, fine tuning down to the 1H is like expecting the "weekly setup" to work out to the pip and really very well which can at times prove costly because the setup may well play out on the weekly with multiple lower time frame spikes and irregular activity that could lead to perhaps multiple losses on the lower TFs.

g.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
1%-2% with the risk being more skewed towards 1% for the most part.

g.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Same view fpr me tooo.. price seems to be heading in to lot of traffic with minimum space.....

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
I was really hoping for a daily close a little bit further above the LLS on yesterday's bar. Not to be. Closed way strongly as a bearish bar. Pass for me.

g.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
This is a trade I am currently in:

GASOLINE

1. 4 H fakey

2. price formed huge buob and closed above brn 2.6

3. placed a stop order few pips above the high of the buob bar

4. target 2.64 or the trendline

5. major concerns -  price has been trending down in the daily chart. the bearish pressure might prevent price from hitting the trendline. I took the trade because in the process of making lower lows price had been hitting the trendline

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
May I ask u about behind price mechanism?

It's about how can price moved.
Eg. current situation at EUR/USD

Trader wants to spend his money to "Buy" 1 EUR with 1.3580 USD
So, market (and/or broker) will accept his order if another Trader wants to "Sell" his 1 EUR for 1.3580 USD.
At the end the deal price for 1 EUR to be 1.3585 (commission, spread, etc)

Is my example above correct? We can only "Buy" if there is another person want to sell and accept our "Buy Price"?

So how can the price moved up?? Is that transaction (or a huge amount of Buy) at that price that makes price climb? Is there another buyer following? Or there are another events that make price moving?

Because it's different with a traditional market, eg. boy "wants to Buy" a toy with 1.3580 USD, seller doesn't want to sell it yet, he already had another bids from several potential buyers. Then seller just simply ask higher price for that toy.
I can accept this cause so that price can climb.

Ok, that is my question (in bold)

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Ghous,

This will wipe out a person's account. Is it legal?

By the way, which broker do you use for live trading?

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Wow I have never seen a gasoline chart before...which broker has this?

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Digu...simple answer.

You want to buy 5 lots of Eur/Usd.  Price is at 1.3580.  You place a limit order at that price but no one wants to sell to you at that price.  So you change to a market order.

Seller "A" has 2 lots he's willing to let go at 1.3582.  You're filled for 2 lots.  You still have 3 on a market order.

The next offer to sell is seller "B" who wants 1.3584.  He has 1 lot.  Because you have a market order you are filled at the next offer...1.3584.  Still 2 lots to fill.

Next seller "C" has 4 lots available but he wants 1.35888.  Yikes.  But your market order goes ahead and gets that fill for 2 lots at 1.3588

So price moves to balance out the supply with the demand.  Obviously your or my 5 lots aren't going to move the price like this example but that's why market makers can't just dump 500,000,000 into the market and expect to get a the price they want.  They would consume all the available lots at the current price and their order would have to go "find" the next available bid/offer.

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
avafx

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Hey Digu,

You got a good response from Spyderman,

Just to add on . . .

Price rises as a result of the imbalance between buyers and sellers or demand and supply. So if there are more buyers than sellers at a particular price level its impossible to consume all that buyside liquidity by the sellers on that particular price level. As a consequence these buyers will want to look for more sellers to buy from and they must do it at a higher price. Again remember the general notion in the market is to sell high and buy low. In the light of this logic its easy to see that if buyers want more sellers than are currently available at the particular price level, they will need to bid up their prices in the hunt for that liquidity they need because its more likely that a higher price level will attract some sellers into selling the underlying to the buyers.

This is essentially why you see price "spiking" often as in the case of a genuine fake out. Price will always rise/drop sharply when there is a dearth of liquidity. Price will only move when it has an incentive to do so. Thankfully us humans are never satisfied for long enough with what we have which results in enough conflicts of interests to keep us speculators in business

Please ask any further questions if you have them.

g.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Yes it can. And of course its illegal. What I am saying is in the event where one does get caught up in this mess, and of the broker is honest, you can always file a case and drop down on them to have your money restored. But then again, it shouldn't happen in the first place.

I trade with FXCM and Dukascopy.

PS I don't endorse either and nor is this supposed to provide any kind of advise on brokerage for readers. I only mentioned this because you asked. I am normally very circumspect with explicitly stating brokerage preferences due to obvious reasons.

g.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
This is one I am looking out for.

Would prefer a 4H close above the 10.00

g.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Are you looking for a fake out trade or is this a james16 price action trade?

Aren't you worried of the traffic you're trading into?

I have difficulty what areas I should pay attention to and what areas I should trade into.

For example in EUR MXN 4hr after your entry there was a trouble area I would have been afraid to trade into (and the trigger bar also had a long wick).

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
hello! as for me it is reason for selling

-1-2-3 pattern;

-double top;

-bearish engulfing at the high.

sell stop below SR level

very interesting in your opinion, traders!

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Hey respect,

It seems to be your shorting right on to the RN 0.9400 which was holding very well previously

Any way it seems to be you have not read first post in full. Pl read that this thread is about how to use fake out scenario...

KOS

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
thank you KOS-fx!

I`m totally agree! there is not best solution to sell before RN.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
The traffic is part of a wedge which doesn't work the same way as your side to side support and resistance does for a consolidation box. Here the traffic is defined with trend lines. So if price closes above the resistance trend line here we can then expect it to hold as support (along with the BRN, the other support trend line, and the 150 EMA) and for price to drift into the region above. Doesn't mean the side to side minor S/R trouble areas will be totally neglected but once again it just means that price is more likely to push through them as the congestion was being created with the trend lines that price has now broken out of.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With EUR/MXN too, I had actually pointed out a support trend line that price closed under on that trigger bar.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Many thanks

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
" The traffic is part of a wedge which doesn't work the same way as your side to side support and resistance does for a consolidation box."

ghous,

Pl see the chart few confluence are line up here, wedge and previous HHR fake out. So we have number of confluences here. I was about to short on light blue color line but traffic inside the wedge was the problem... So now I know how to handle situation like this....

I like to know your idea on entering trade at inside the wedge....

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Thanks for your answer. I understand better know.

Do you apply fake outs to other patterns not only for LLS and HHR? Is it profitable to apply them at a PPZ if price makes a rounded return?

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
GBPJPY

1. weekly fakey

2. daily - price closes below the HHR and then retests the HHR

3. 4 HR - price closes below the low of the consolidation box and brn 155

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
yeah I wouldn't personally want to short within a wedge. WOuld make very uncomfortable. You are right in that taking a trade on that bar close within that wedge would have made it tricky because of the traffic within the wedge.

g,

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Hey Str8,

I apply the concept to only HHR/LLS levels. But there are merits to further modifications I am sure.

g.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Oooh! That is an overly delayed trade IMO. Plus notice how the 4H trigger bar you saw as being able to close under the 155 actually only just closed below with the next bar creeping back up to close above the 155. The S/R flip just underneath the 155 could well be the culprit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Thanks for pointing that out. It is so important to take each and each every ppz into consideration. I have observed that in my excitement to put on a trade, I ignore certain obvious ppzs.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Great  thread Ghous! just don't understand why it wont let me subscribe....

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Great thread Ghous! just keep it up,

i`m new to price action, learning a lot from u and other thread fellows,
thnx

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Great work max-pain

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Found a wedge at NZD/CHF
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
hi Ghous i just want to ask that above in gbp/usd 4h chart (marked circle ) price move down and break the support after that 2 3 bar retouch that spport, is it a confirmation of break out ,

just  for learning purpose,

thnx Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
If I'd have known close above a trend line means traffic isn't a big problem I would have taken this trade last week.

There were a lot of good trades last week on 4hr: CAD CHF, AUD NZD, Gold, EUR MXN, maybe USD CHF pin bar (but I wouldn't have traded it).

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
err.. not sure there buddy,

g.

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
That HHR won't be valid as we had price penetrate it earlier and create a new higher HHR.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Generally speaking, that is true. Since price has broken through the support it should be expected to hold as resistance. If it doesn't we, the fake out traders get alert to the situation.

g.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Well, CAD/CHF would still have been a no go for me off of that bar. I had my eyes on that PPZ just above (refer to chart below). Trend lines breaks don't mean that you can take any kind of horizontal S/R coming in the way totally for granted. It just means that price is more likely to push through them as trend line traders would jump in to add to the muscle. You can use your trend lines for confluence and developing story lines and scripts but I would never get off on a tangent so as to consider the region away from the trend line break as totally vacant.

As you can see in the chart below, S/R from within the wedge will still hold price up quite often, so it's dangerous to neglect them.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
One for the watch list.

I am looking for a nice close under the 17.7

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Come On Ghous! how about a pair that I can actually trade? My broker doesn't even have that pair...lol

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Here is another one

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
I just catch this H&S pattern

Guys want to know about my thoughts...... looking for a close above the BRN 1,6000......

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
1. 9th oct - daily fakey

2. 10th oct - price broke out of the trendline and closed above 150 ema and the brn 15000

3. 4 hr chart - price closes above the high of the consolidation box followed by retest of brn 15000

4. MACD  divergence on daily chart

5. stop order executed when price broke the high of the 4 hr pinbar

6. fta - price might fill the gap and bounce back south again. I plan to take half profit when price closes the gap and trail the remaining half.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
lol

I don't have it either.

We can always watch and have fun though, no?

Perhaps even take entries on demo and practice our trade management while at it

g.

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Hey Pips learner,

Actually the times that I delay my entries are usually the occasions where we are running into a trouble area straight away and price just decides to hold up at them, and then as it hints on breaking out I am then looking to get in. The EUR/MXN I posted above is a good example.

You can see how just under the fake out price is battling it out due to that major trouble area. Now if it breaks out, you're obviously still pretty much at the start of the move. Not only does this boost the potential of your eventual reward on the trade, it also ensures you're not jumping in on the train midway.

Although you are making perfect sense there with those trouble areas (and there's actually the 2.00 BRN too that price has broken out of) just the way price has actually moved its way down quite a bit would make me feel like I am getting off on a tangent here.

This of course in no way means that this would be invalid entry. It only means I wouldn't quite go for it. Like I just said though your thoughts do make a lot of sense. just that delaying an entry for 250 pips is something I would be avoiding.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Hey Neytiri,

Again delaying the entry so far off isn't what I am looking to do. For me it really counts to be able to get as near to the LLS/HHR point as possible.

For example that 4H close above the trend line would be a more appealing entry for me than where you took it as obviously that gets you in at a better price, and its logical because you're essentially using the channel breakout dynamics to add to the story that began off a fake out at a crucial area.

g.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Hi Ghous,

I did not take an entry immediately after the fakey pinbar was formed because I was wary of the consolidation box in the left.

I thought that price might just get trapped in that zone or might move down due to previous downward momentum.

So I waited for price to breakout of the channel. Now even after it closes above the trendline in the 4 hr chart, price is still in

the zone defined by the consolidation box. If a long order is placed immediately after price closes above the channel, it is possible that it could just be a false breakout. Price might simply revert and knock out my stop loss (below brn 14000 or below the low of the fakey bar)

So I waited for price to close above the high of the consolidation box. I waited for a retest of the brn 15000 and entered above the high of the pinbar. Even this was confusing to me, because there is a tiny consolidation box to the left and price might simply get trapped in that region.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Thanks Ghous.

Can you share with us your observation about the performance of this strategy over the last couple of years you used it? Please give details as much as you can.

Appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Performance of somebody else will not help you because its always luck involved also and everybody chooses different setups ;-)

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Do you think it's not possible to make a profit if you trade trend line break outs?

Last summer I wanted to trade this EUR USD trend line after the BEOB closed below the trend line (I was trading with stop orders then and I didn't lose), do you think it's not good to trade directly into that major swing low?

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Yes I can see what you did there. What I am saying is, for me the entries can't be that delayed unless they come off of an independent story themselves.

g.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Hey Walad,

Not sure exactly what you would like to know. My strike rate has been around 60% mark for daily trades, about 40% for trades under the daily. the average number of trades per month is about 6 trades. It has recently took off a little due to the involvement with lower time frames although frankly speaking I think the dailies just out right rock. The results for last 3 months are +12.5%, -1.8%, and +3%.

Generally speaking I am still pretty much sticking to the idea that this method is at its best on the dailies and while it can be used on the lower time frames with considerable success, I think it just lines up well the higher time frames and slightly longer term moves.

hope this gets you the information you wanted.

g.

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Yes no one would replicate my results exactly, they'll probably do better or worse. But still you can always go for a general idea of what to expect out of a method

g.

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
I don't mean that you can't trade trend line break outs successfully. I mean, that trend line breakouts and pattern break outs make up for stories in themselves and while you can use them as confluence for your fake out trades, merely delaying trades up to the point that the fake out itself becomes a chapter of the past and you are then playing on a different story line then you need to be at least aware of it. For instance that GBP/SGD short that was being talked about, I wouldn't call it a fake out trade. The reasons pointed out were totally valid but they make up for a different story altogether - 250 pips into the direction that the fake out was pointing at. The fake out itself becomes the confluence and the trigger is recent action (break out of the trouble areas). It needs to be the other way round where the trigger is the fake out and other elements work as confluence. More simply put, I am looking to take entries near my HHR/LLS levels i.e closer to the actual fake out point as opposed to delaying it for a major distance because price is within a wedge/pattern/trend line.

I hope this isn't getting too confusing.

g.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Peachy -- thanks.

BTW, you are a good writer/teacher Ghous.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Thanks Ghous.. I appreciate, I got it... But I took the trade on GBPUSD... pls view the pic and analyse it if its possible for price to hit my 2nd target or to quit the trade... My thought was to hold on till it hits my 2nd target

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
EURGBP Daily... just need ur opinions... Ghous, I got your example, First Trouble Area has been broken, can it survive the next trouble areas...? need more thoughts on this...  Much Appreciations

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
First off, great to see you getting hold of a runner.

Here's a chart with my thoughts:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Again these are just my thoughts and how I would be treating the trade. You know how trade management can vary tremendously based on one's own perceptions/beliefs/risk appetites.

g.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
WOW. Hugely optimistic target on that trade.

But I am happy to see you point out those consolidation boxes that well. They are surely not likely to allow price a clear path through to your TP. Time will tell.

g.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
LOL

I think what Ghous is basically trying to say is that his whole method described here -  in itself -  wants to get in EARLIER than the usual " waiting for confirmation " -  method ( i.e. the typical delayed move of the retail trader ). However, in order to do that, he points out that he is not just looking for a stop-and-reverse at the HHR or LLS, he looks at the " story " of the market structure, which looks at various factors :

a) is there a trap of bulls or bears ( breakout traders who have jumped in without looking at FTA areas to the left

b) are there widespread bars, showing impulsive moves, with a lot of traders entering with buy stop or sell stop orders

c) where are the likely stops of breakout traders ?

d) if you think about it : a move of big traders can be " fed " by the stops of smaller traders

Example for this : see pic attached ( USDCHF 4H )

Have a nice weekend & thank you for the great thread !

Mike
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Thanks Ghous, I understand you perfectly well...

Pipslearner1 (Chris)

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
so if it H&S pattern why do you expect opportunity to buy?

as I know breaking through the shoulder is a sell signal.

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Ghous,

Need your clarification "A fake out setup, as per this method is NOT over unless you get a close beyond the fake out bar high/low. period."

Does this mean that one should not enter unless the bar that follows the fake out one should close beyond high/low as a confirmation to enter??

Pls. explain as you repeated the above line several times on your first post.

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Can you please tell us what are the % of break evens or small loss on dailies and under daily?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Hey Respect....

Ya man you correct. As I told you main objective of this thread is trading fake outs.

And mainly focus on major swing point as LLS or HHR fake outs.

But still you can trade Trend line or Chart Pattern fake out also. That H&S pattern I was looking only for educational purpose.

My main objective is first master on Major swing point fake out trading

Better you go through following link at  Baby Pips

http://www.babypips.com/school/high-...-fakeouts.html

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
you consider trading in the shorter term than I)

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Hello traders!

I'm confused! was opened long position and SL above the opening of the deal. but I`m expecting selling more than buying.

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Not get what you mean???????.....

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
its my fall)

I mean that, as for me, is too early to buy. I would have waited a clear PA signal near 200MA or 1.5900 levels to buy. now almost formed micro double bottom.

you can see there fake out opportunity for buy, it is great, but I think it is beforehand)

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
as for me, fake out and double top is opportunity for sell. on FTA I probably should have taken profits, but did not) so SL below the opened order and will see.

In this situation better take profit or close half profit?

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Soyabean 4 hour fakeout

1. double bottom

2. price gaps below the LLS and then closes above to form a huge BUOB, fakey bar formed

3. MACD divergence

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
why do you care what others think? they know no more than you do in regards to predicting future price.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
I'm not asking for predictions or for confidence!

I was just wondering other people's opinions, their vision.

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
take it easy, no need to get emotional. fastest way to kill your account is relying on other people's opinion and their vision. not sure what you are doing? save your money, do something else. trading is not for you.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Interesting  ,

but still don't grab, what is purpose of big traders? They run for profit, or for stabilizing price, or for their country currency itself.

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
You are not confused more than me, of course

but it is my chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
I am glad you have Soybean chart. Me, my meta only have not more than 30 pairs, and at daily TF, they are seldom an A+ fakeout setup appear.

If I find setup like yours, as FTA is near, I will wait and buy at retrace down, near LLS, and won't buy at close BUOB.

Yes price might be directly go north without retrace, and miss my buy area, but that was my best shot. Sorry

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Agree, even big traders can be eaten by a bigger one.

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Hey digu,

I have thought about that too. Right now I don't want to miss a trade.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
30 y T- bond

Intraday 4 hr fakey

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Hi Ghous,

I few weeks is that your study method and I was impressed.
you also use the TF weekly and montly?

weekly and sometimes TF Montly cause me some trouble in reading the price and also insecurity for too many levels.

I use the method of Jarro and I also have a good knowledge of the method J16.

how do I filter my trades using your method? can you give me some advice?

I will continue to study your method and post some graphic.

Thanks Ghous!

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Ghous, Is this not a valid Fake Out setup? Bar pierced the HHR line and closed below it.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Hi Ghous, Thank you for sharing your knowledge and wisdom. Until now I never thought to trade or watch a exotic pair. Now I am almost having all pairs in my watch list.

I have a doubt. If the bar just touches the LLS whether you consider this setup or wait for the bar to break and close above the LLS???

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Finally it come up here

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
another pairs to watch

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
First post and only 3 weeks trading experience guys, so go easy on me .

I feel i should immediately express my gratitude to ghous; firstly for pointing me in the direction of the James16 thread (only managed 42 pages so far) and for creating this thread (26 pages down, 30 to go) - both have been incredibly helpful and insightful. I found that although a thoroughly decent introduction, reading the full Forex Walkthrough on Investopedia wasn't particularly helpful in illustrating the application of any of the methods, so i still found myself a little lost when looking at the charts, and often guessing.

I wanted to read the whole of this thread AT LEAST before trying to find my own 'fake out' situations, but after reading for 8 hours i fancied giving it a go...

Maybe it's my inexperience, but i struggled to find many potential fake out set ups for the Daily charts in any of the following: major currency pairs, gold, silver, copper, oil, Ftse, Dow, Dax and India 50. In fact, i've only managed to spot one (EUR/USD). Can anyone confirm whether my findings are correct?

I've attached a picture of the EUR/USD chart with annotations to explain my thinking. It doesn't seem like the best trade to me, but here are my thoughts on it:

1. Price is approaching resistance from an old swing high at 1.37108 (also close to a BRN of 1.37), so it's a potential area for a fake out.

2. If a fake out does occur we can probably take an easy profit of around 70 pips before hitting the area of consolidation between the 2 blue bars.

3. Upon hitting the area of consolidation we'd then want to close the trade due to the potential 'noise' we might run into.

4. The price would most probably reach the middle of the blue lines at some point before finding it to be Support, but it's easier and safer to close the trade at the top blue bar.

Please could you guys correct me here if anything is incorrect? And if it's all incorrect feel free to berate me as much as you like .

In order to find more fake out situations, do you guys recommend checking out every possible chart i can get my hands on? Thanks guys.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
NZDCHF

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Dear Ghous/All,

As many other, I am also a long time silent follower of J16 and now this excellent thread from Ghous.

Need your view on USDNZD Failed Fakeout. What could have prevented us from taking this trade. RN 0.84 ???

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Hi zorro, which previous swing high are you basing the fake out trade against?

EDIT: Ahh, i see. Ignore my idiocy

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Hey guys,

Just wanted to drop in to announce something here.

It will be hard for me to be as active on this thread as I have been right through from here on.

Running a thread, and that too an active one, takes a lot of time. The videos, along with textual posts take time when you're really willing to put your heart into them and actually ensure they are valuable. I am not sure if I was able to succeed in living up to your expectations but I have nevertheless enjoyed the amazing response this thread came up with.

While I had the time to do it, I presented just about everything about the way I trade right here in this thread and if I inspired just a single soul, I'd feel blessed.

Its going to be some very busy months ahead for me, with the new James16 site coming along and the span of operations widening so its going to be a lot of work which will obviously compromise on my presence here on this thread.

All the material will remain in tact, and I will try my best to pop in from time to time but just to let you know that its going to be really hard for me to be available regularly.

Once again I highly appreciate you all showing interest in my methods and wanting to dig deeper and nothing would make me more happier to see this thread continue to generate healthy fake out discussions and sharing of thoughts, setups and trades. Like I said I'll try to be around as much as I possible can.

Happy trading all, and Thank you for believing in the contents of this thread.

g.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Hey G,

I use mostly the daily time frames and some times the 4H and the 1H.

Just read through the material and see if you find it useful enough to apply to your own trading.

g.

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
It needs to break the LLS and close back above. The break needs to have a "visual value" meaning I can actually see a spike below the LLS level through the naked eye, as opposed to considering these teeny tiny moves below the LLS that only show up when you zoom in to the actual price levels to see a 5 pip difference.

g.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
That makes a lot of sense.

And yes you can watch as many charts as you like. Even if you can't trade some (due to high spreads, or crazy volatility) they can always serve as good "watch only" case studies. P

g.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Hey Z,

The strong close on the fake out bar itself. Yes, there is a wick to the upside but there is absolutely no information there to confirm that there was some genuine selling coming into the market due to the small size of that upper wick.

Remember, at crucial swing points you are likely to expect some kind of a knee jerk reaction regardless of the motives of those that make up the trend. You need to be able to differentiate between true selling and the knee jerk, and the best way to do it is to 1) validate the location and 2) look for a favorable fake out bar with a long fake out wick and a very telling close on it.

g.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Inspired indeed. If it wasn't for this thread i'd still be fumbling around trying to understand even the most basic of concepts, so, thanks for that.

As a side note, i enjoyed reading how you ventured into the world of trading - i pretty much did the same thing!

Thanks for the thread and generally putting me on the right path.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Ghous,

Thanks for all you have described in this thread. I think I am lucky in the sense that I saw this thread within few days of its inception. My strike has been quite high using this method and I can only credit you for my success. Its still early days, but I am pretty sure if I control my mind my strike rate will be even more higher.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Cheers ghous,

Thanks for tons of wisdom and knowledge here.

anyway I will tie up to j16 thread since you already been there too

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Hi Ghous, thank you for sharing your thoughts an concepts in this thread. It is great inspiration for me.

Keep well with J16 group!

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Hope this thread isn't dying

Some nice set ups today on the USDCHF and EURNZD daily charts

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Thankyou for sharing the information. I will demo  next week and share my results.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Can you post what you see?

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Dup

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Hi Ghous

I know this is an old post I have quoted but I was reading through the thread from scratch again and thought this is a good example of what I wanted to ask you.

You have highlighted the FTA here which is a nice distance away and then said the could/should/might (or whatever) hit the 2nd level you have marked. My question is how would you be looking to manage this particular trade and why (in terms of taking pieces off, moving stops etc).

Edit - sorry cant see the chart - it is from post 210

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Sorry mate no not at work. I woke up, scanned the charts/placed orders and then had to get ready and leave for work. They seem to be really obvious set ups though (I hope anyway lol)

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
I think Andy was looking at these.

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
thanks mate yes indeed. Both seem very solid I think.

What are peoples thoughts about taking full profit at the respective swing high/low versus anywhere else?

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
I took the EURNZD too and am out for more than 1R.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Didn't like the consolidation just under the USDCHF setup and easily passed
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Very interesting Ron, I see you took the retest of the level, nice

I took the FTA to be where the red line is, seems like i need to work on this

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
swung point..

nice sharing..

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
does it means short usdchf?

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
EUR/NZD was an easy pass based on the massive PPZ it was headed into.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USD/CHF was more tricky because its apparently off of a major PPZ. The problem I saw was the fact that the fake out bar failed to close within the prior small consolidation box as well as that H-U-G-E swing low from the left.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I always prefer my fake outs to be the setups which blast through the HHR/LLS straightaway without any signs of a prior holdup. A halt just before price tries to break free of the HHR/LLS is a pretty vague chapter in the fake out story. If price blows past freely, there are more chances the move is a fake one, as that certainly wouldn't have allowed the big guns to unload their positions (for a breakout) near the HHR/LLS regions, whereas a prior holdup is often like the calmness before a massive storm (of orders in this case) because that brief period of sweet liquidity allows the concerned parties to be nicely positioned for the upcoming assault.

Put simply, think of these prior consolidation periods as the coiling of a spring. The more it coils and constricts the larger the force with which it eventually gets released. Some people also prefer to call this phenomena as "price taking a breather before resumption of the trend". Either ways, they aren't conducive to fake out scenarios. When taking setups where these exist, at best you need to make sure price closes right back within the consolidation period as otherwise, the easier path for price will always be the length of the wick of your so called fake out bar. In that case, the "fake out bar" was only an attempt to clear the track of any weak orders allowing price to then just flow through as we saw in the case of USD/CHF.

hope this makes sense.

g.

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
For this trade on gold, After that close below the 1400 region. My stop would have been placed above it with the underlying logic that it should hold. And that would have been the stop out point for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The general idea is, to simply notice how price makes it way into the trouble area. If I am trading the higher time frames such as the daily, I will sometimes even drop down to say the 4H to take note of the kind of reaction price is facing at the trouble area. If I get a holdup, I am mostly tightening my stop. If I see a swift move through my stop will often go just before the bar that "pops through" and if I see a reversal (as in a strong bounce) then I am more biased towards manually killing the trade.

Again I know this is probably pretty generic but I really can't be more specific when talking about my trade management in general. This is precisely why I was doing those "live trade videos" to give the viewers on spot feedback, thought process and actual trade management execution while in the trade as that's the closest I can get to delivering my strategy for trade management.

Hope this helps.

g.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Fabulous work Lenrod! Really cool to see you not getting carried away on the EUR/NZD and taking your sure pips off that major PPZ. That's the way to do it

g.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Cool. Good luck with your testing.

g.

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Thanks ghous, appreciate it

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Yeah many thanks for the feedback Ghous much appreciated

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
I hope to start tomorrow and then I will post here.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Hello Masters

Just checked out thread and want to keep in touch

Newbie

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Very proud of you Ghous!

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
thank you man you are the best

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Hey T,

Glad to have you here.

Hope you enjoy your stay

g.

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Thanks a lot bro. That coming from you means a lot to me.

Hey Samir,

Thanks a lot and welcome on board.

g.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Any one caught the USD/MXN beauty last week?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Hey ghous, I was looking at the setup but I was looking for a breakout trade since price broke through the TL and the 150 and 365 EMAs. What kept me out from shorting bar 1 was the close above the LLS, Weekly LCS and inside the PPZ. Next day's bar (2) was an IB that closed like bar 1, it made me see it like a fake out scenario but the two EMAs just above the bar kept me out from buying. I think that I give too much importance to the S/R created by the EMAs, how should I look at them, how much strength do you think they have as dynamic S/R levels?

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
We have basically been in an elongated consolidation period. These periods are generally dreaded as many believe that there is more money to be made in a trending market. For my method I have come to understand that it works the best in side ways scenarios. Yes it means you gotta be quick with your profit taking but it also means a lot more tradable opportunities as obviously there are more carefully crafted swing points that you can feed off.

As for the question pertaining to MAs in a sideways market, they do end up being very limited in their scope when the market is chopping up and down. For me, the touch of the longer term EMA has the most worth when the market hits it for the first time "after some time" such as when pulling back from a major established trend. Its the same logic that drives the belief that "all major MA crossover systems seem magical in trending markets but falter terribly as the market goes sideways"

hope this makes sense.

g.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
It makes! Thank you

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Wishing everyone a prosperous 2014.

Trade hard, party harder. Importantly, everything that you do, make sure you love it. Amazing things happen when your heart goes into something.

Been on the side lines the past two weeks. Looking forward to a fruitful 2014 with (hopefully) many fake out setups to munch on.

g.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Dear Ghous. Please tell me, fake out works better on Daily chart or H4 chart? It depends on what?  Thanks in advance for your reply. You often show charts (fake out) on H4, also and on Daily charts. I understand, it deepends on key levels of support/resistance (key levels of HHR or LLS), but i cannot understand when and how to use your method correctly on H4 or on Daily chart?

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
They work on all time frames. I am actually spending a lot of my R&D time practicing on the hourly charts these days (prior to the year end holidays). At least the more general "pattern" repeats itself everywhere. The most aggressive version of the fake out is where you trading the fake out bar itself. That is, you're placing an order at the close of the very bar that penetrates and fails at the swing high/low. I reserve this aggressive stance for only the best setups (ones with a bigger story to them) ON THE DAILY TIME FRAME only. This is the one I refer to as "a single bar fake out setup".

The other approach, that I use specifically on the 4H is to wait for a multiple confirmation of the HHR/LLS holding. That is, you wait for price to give you that initial fake out and then some subsequent sideways bars that tell you that price has lost complete interest in breaking the HHR/LLS. Its just like additional insurance because you're banking your decisions on more information which I feel is important when you're trading in a slightly more volatile environment (lower time frames).

The idea is, that even a single fake out bar on the daily, represents 24 hours of trading activity. Just by virtue of this characteristic it does hold more value than a 4H bar, even more so than a 1H bar or a 15 min bar. Again this is TOTALLY generally speaking. A lot will of course depend on the quality of the entire setup itself. So on some slightly dodgy setups on the daily too, I do prefer to wait for subsequent confirmation of the HHR/LLS holding.  Through my testing I realized that I could save myself from a lot of losing trades by simply waiting for some additional information when trading lower time frames and when trying to evaluate dodgy setups.

hope this helps.

g.

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
if you draw the lines like you do EVERY LINE  is a massive ppz and if it's not massive then it has a very short distance to go. (aka People Please Zoom !!).

you only see what you want to see and you are not even profitable with what you do. james16 and mike might be profitable but you are not.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Hi Ghous. Very interesting concept, thank you for sharing with us.

Still need to read through a lot more materials but I wanna see if I got this right.

eurusd D1, pending short at the blue line above, target at the blue line below, stoploss above the wick. Order set on demo account.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
You are headed straight for my ignore list. Very very few end up doing that, so at least you could take that as a +1.

g,

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Hey D,

I am watching this closely on the 4H. I would typically prefer a quick pull back to the 1.37 RN and a sharp rejection. Would be a legit way to attract fresh selling for the week.

I was considering a short off the daily fake out, but it appeared a little too aggressive given that we're operating in such a mess and the prior bar has been a big bullish bar. Headed against momentum like that is usually a double edged sword. High risk high reward trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Thanks Ghous. I got home today and my TP was hit. Amazing. It also forms another pin. I'll set pending order at the same level and see what happens.

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
great thread love it

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Nice.

We did pull back to the 1.37 and got rejected pretty nicely. I couldn't pull the trigger though as the trigger bar really didn't close under the consolidation from the left. But good to see you extract some pips out of this one.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Yes.............. one should pay attention.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Here's one I am eagerly watching for a close under the prior consolidation.

Mother of confluences on this one. Trend line, S/R, H&S, RN - you name it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Never broke out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
The traffic underneath is holding price up pretty well - no surprises.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
TP was hit once again.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Expertly managed!

Good stuff.

g.

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Thanks Ghous.

I think what you do here really compliments my primary method. I look for price action at key S/R so I'm quite familiar with identifying levels. If I can master this concept it should add nicely to my tool set... I'll keep demo'ing until I think I get it!

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
[justify]who can t[highlight=rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.8)]ranslate it into Chinese,it's [/highlight]difficult to understand.[/justify]

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Did you try Google translate? You have to copy paste the text from here in English on to Google translate and it does the trick.

Let me know if this helps.

g.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
你一定要学好英文！

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Hi Ghous

Been reading your thread.Is this thread's objective only to focus on fake-out setups or will it do to post some typical S-R TTs as well?

Would like to contribute to this thread here on with my style of trading which is mostly based on j16,LJ stuff and ofcourse fake out ones.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
You're welcome to share your fake out setups here.

g.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
hi together,

through some trading research, I found this thread. I was a member in James16 private group and will post some of my trades/backtests in this thread.

I hope, we will exchange a lot of knowledge and become better and very successful traders - anyone in this thread.

Thanks in advance to ghous for this simple, yet effective trading approach!

I attached an image with a demo trade. Are my considerations true?

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Hello Trades.

Yesterday i remember one of my trades in Oktober 2013. I've testing my strategy under market conditions on a demo acount after backtesting. My strategy was based on PA S&R and TDI indicator. I will not bring in here other stuff and garbadge systems - BUT independent on the system it is in the end a view from a other angle on the same thing.

I trade more konservative and entred a reversal at the 2 or 3th Candle in daily charts. My stops was therefore 100 Pips or more away. And here is the point where "Mastering the Art of Trading" jumps in. While i was thinking about some earlyer and maybee more agressiv entry i read also Ghous thread.

My first reaktion was "How can i oversee this Pinbars" they are so obvious BING and jump in my eye. Last weekend i browse my printed charts from the last month. BING BING BINGBIBIBIBIBIBBING! all over Pinbar reversals on Major support or resistance. And again...... How could i oversee that allways!?!?

And here is some of them EURNZD. More or less a BE trade. How do you thing about the entry, no matter the exit. 4 shure i've got to big expectation.

Dear fellowers. Was this in your thoughts a quality trade or more a lucky one and why?

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Hello, my first post in the topic, at the beginning of congratulations that you so much want to know is shared, read, read and ask for your assessment of the potential sell-play, BRN HHR 140.0, 61.8 Fibo.Fake, and that if the candle closes the FTA or the area we have a signal to sell? sorry for my English, which is translated by Google. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And now I play something like Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Mr ghous, may I know the MA line you used in the EUR ___ H4 chart, what is the ma /ema setting, thank you.

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Mr Weiss, may I know the light green color MA/EMA  line, in your EUR/NZD DAILY chart, what is the setting like, parameter , H, L CLS, thank you. Its a nice Chart... happy trading, thank you in advance. I trust  there are traders who would like to know the settings as well.. Bye

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Hello Francis

This lime green line, i call it the simple 7 (SMA 7 median price HL/2). But this line comes form my personal trading style . Please ignore it. I don't will bring in here other stuff, garbadge, wonder systems and magic SMA lines  The rules for this thread are set by Ghous. And they are very powerfull, If you understand market strukture and Support & Resistance you need no additional lines, indicators or what else.

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Pytam o zdanie [attach] 1367887 [/ attach] [attach] 1367888 [/ attach]

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Hey Smash,

Welcome here,

Yes that looks like a good way to be breaking down a trade plan. Since you've had an exposure of the James16 material you should enjoy this.

g.

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Hey W,

There is no secret to the reliability of pin bars at crucial support and resistance areas. That's what the J16 material pivots at so yeah reading the J16 thread will surely assist you big time in taking your beliefs further.

Regarding the chart you posted, the green line you drew is close to the LLS that we use. and the last touch is actually not a fake out but a delayed pull back to the established LLS, which BTW is also tradable.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Regarding your trade, given that you were'nt into fake outs (I assume) back when you took this trade, I am not really sure what to say except that only you would know whether you got lucky or not. The answer would lye in your recalling of the reasons why you entered the trade in the first place. You seemed to have identified a support area which is good but was the trigger the most ideal given the method you were trading back then? Only you are qualified to answer that of course.

Also, if you read through the J16 thread, you'll see how instead of blindly placing long term take profits we "prefer" to manage our trades through the immediate trouble areas and at least take a very good note of how price reacts at them. In many ways the outcome of a trade is unknown until price moves and unfolds in the areas we expect it to initially reach. So for example in this case, instead of eyeing at a 500 pip runner here, if I was in this, my eyes would only be drawn to the consolidation box above and how price was going to react as it made it into the box. As is blew through, the expectation would be for price to head for the next major level and provide a break of it too (to enable me to stay in), it pretty much held at the second trouble area, and that would marked an exit for me somewhere during the pull back. It does look like you gave up some serious bit of profit there possible in an attempt to hold the trade long term so it could make it to the 500 pip mark. PA equips you with the knowledge to decode the market at various nodes and you should use that to manage your trades more effectively instead pf playing the hoping game. My two cents of course

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
EJ would be a toughy for me because the HHR itself is pretty minor. It lines up (sort of) with the 140 BRN so that would certainly lend some strength to it, but still wasn't going to pass through my filters. Also headed into a PPZ I'd like to be weary off.

Point being, I am normally not looking at trades where the HHR isn't very prominent.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And that second trade was a blast! Nice one

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Hey F,

I use the 150 EMA and have recently added the 365 EMA too. They are no big deal really. I use them for confluence.

g.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
USD/SGD is very tight for me. I am cringing at the sight of those former bar closes lining up that close.

NZD/CAD too, I wouldn't rule out the PPZ underneath just yet. Probably a delayed entry till we at least close past this PPZ sounds better to me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Ghous-Thank you very much for your reply, much explains and confirms me in the direction taken is ok
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking for this indicator, RN

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Hello, Mr Weiss, your reply duly noted. Thanks for your speedy response & appreciate your honest contribution & sharing. Thank you again... Happy trading & wish you success in forex trading. Bye...

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Thx 4 your effort Ghous.

I guess traders like you, who had to go through the same learning process, know how valuable this response is for me.

Thanx a lot.

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Hi Ghous,

Is this similar to what you are doing and may, therefore, add to your discussion?

http://www.trading-naked.com/2b-reversal.htm

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Ghous,

i'm new to the thread but i really dig the simplicity of your approach. Let me go through your youtube resources and then i'll start demoing your approach!

Great info!

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Beautiful Fakeout scenario

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Hey T,

In general yes, I think the idea is the same, but he has systematized it slightly differently . . .

g.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Aud/Cad daily chart looks like a fake out setup and rejected from HHR and also BRN but price didn't close below the FTA. So Ghous how will you play with it?

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
I won't.

Price is boxing here and the pin bar (fake out bar) is headed straight back into a box. Not the kind of situation that would attract me. I do like the location though, just that the space here isn't too appetizing for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Hey G,

i agree with your views.

what are your thoughts on GBPCAD Daily fakeout-PB setup,the setup looks attractive,just that G/CAD is in a strong uptrend mode.FTA,which is sitting right at its nose can be a spoiler too.Me thinks,if it breaks the FTA,it can be tradeable setup.Currently i am in wait & watch mode and would like to see more PA to develop.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Fakeout setup i took last week.It was a planned short term trade and booked profits as per the Daily TF trouble area.

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Totally agree A,

I am not to happy about that minor flip sitting just underneath that low of the pin bar / fake out bar.

g.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Brilliant!

Notice how the swing low you used as your LLS, lines up as a bigger PPZ. That's confluence baby and that makes a dolly. Nicely done

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Would this be a valid setup on H4 USDCAD?

Would the first FTA be the round number, about 30 pips from current price?

Wel, while reading the thread I learned on lower timeframes more confirmation is needed. Meanwhile the next H4 bar (not yet closed is forming and made a low exactly on the low of the bar before and above the LLS now. I will wait and see ...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
I have been watching this on the 1H. Haven't yet found any fake out trigger worth really going for. We had a bullish outside bar on the first touch, but as a trigger would have been very aggressive. Can you work out why being extra careful here is so important?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Head and Shoulder pattern is followed by period of consolidation. There is break out of consolidation followed by a retest of the vbrn 9.0 which is a ppz. Price fall back and closes below the HHR. I entered short and my target is the bar high of the consolidation box. If price closes above the HHR (which roughly corresponds to 23% fib retrace), I will exit the trade.

N

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Here is another one that I took late yesterday and I am still in it. The trigger for me was the 2H BEOB. Considering the fact that the HHR lies in a key weekly ppz (please zoom out), I thought price might just shoot down a bit to the next fib level. It has retested the HHR today which would have been a good place to add to my position, but I missed it.

If price hits the 38% fib retrace, I will exit.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Its four hours after my entry now. It's not moving an inch. Patience.

N

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Price is 'just below' the BRN 1.1100 and this level was 'rejected' on the Daily by a (huge) pinbar, almost a FB on the Daily.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
The LLS comes off a minor swing low.

g.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Ghous,

I took this GBPUSD fakeout trade today.  I entered when price closed above the 150 ema. It was a late entry. In your experience, if the fake out is off key support/ resistance regions (in this case brn 1.66), is it O.K. to take the fake out trade even though it is heading into a nearby 89/150/365 ema.

Thanks,

N

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Hiya newbie here, i learn something from everyone. Keep up the good work of sharing knowledge. All  credit goes to Ghous and others. How is it your Risk is greater than your Reward ?? What is your success rate with this method ?? Although i know its good to give markets breathing room. Cheers

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Hi T,

Welcome to this wonderful thread. Right now at this stage of my trading career, I am not too much bothered about Risk-reward. If I see what I perceive is a good setup, I just take it and close the position at trouble areas. But I don't know whether it is the right thing to do in the long run.

The success rate with this method is high, but it depend on several factors, the most important being is to take only the A+ set ups.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Its a tough question to answer in general terms as so much depends on the situation at that time.

But I am weary of the times when price comes back to the EMA after an extended move away from it or when pulling back to it the first time after piercing it. These are also the times that these EMAs work as confluence for my trades too.

g.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
GBPUSD blast through 1.67

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Glad to see it moving. The XXX/USD pairs have been ridiculously pointless these days.

g.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Fakeout followed by a nice rounded retest of brn 0.8.

N

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Ok, thanks.

My buy stop above the 2 small candles got triggered. The trade was 25 pips in profit. Well, if I close it now it will run to the upside if I do not, well ....
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Meanwhile Ghous, watched all of your video's on Youtube. Thanks very much for them!

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Watching for a determined close under the 1.65 RN for this setup on EUR/NZD.

Good confluence with the RN, the EMAs, the consolidation box and trend line from earlier.

A move down from here and the 1.64-ish region could well be in play.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Very nice thread, learning a lot from it

thanx a lot

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
The fake out itself looks magnificent but its almost totally suffocated for space. In this context I do like your tight TP there. Tucked right where it should be for a no brainer trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Price drops under the 1.65 but very unlike a true breakout. Not too convinced with the small range bars here. Could well be the fact that we're still caught up in the consolidation box.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Ghous,

Price rocketed past my take profit, but it is making me feel bad. This is one huge psychological  issue that I am facing on each and every trade. I take the profit at a logical area and then price blast through it. I promise myself before the trade that I will trail the other half, but when time comes I am unable to implement it. Fear of loosing the profit makes me close the other half at the FTA.

Do you face these psychological issues? How do you deal with it ?

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Hey Neytiri,

Yes I do. In my case, because I am so picky, I tend to miss moves altogether but that's totally ok as long as I can logically justify my decision to pass the trade.

No trade is exactly the same as another in terms of quality or the potential. A rigid "take full profit at FTA" strategy is not a bad way of keeping things simple and subtracting the influx of emotions at the time of exit. BUT it comes at a cost, which you're beginning to see. Now only you can dig inside of you, and find out if its worth the price.

The other alternative as you pointed out is to take partial profits at key areas and simply watch to see if price will give you a runner. Yes it means you give yourself a good chance of catching a runner, but it also means taking lesser profit on some trades where you would have made more profit if you were following the other strategy.

There is no one size fits all, and neither strategy is better than the other. As I always say though, the best thing to do is to never restrict yourself to a single strategy anyway. For example with the choppy markets this week, the quick fire trades mentality would surely win over the take and hold mentality. In a swinging market the quick fire technique could hurt as you might end up killing trades before they have had a chance to really run. More specifically so much will also depend on the pair you're trading, the factors in and around the trade, setup quality, overall space etc etc.

Getting down to the AU trade you used as an example, I think the TP was superbly placed as the traffic was quite heavy above. I don't think the fact that it ran into all that trouble (and looks to be sustaining that run) should lead you to question your thinking. In the end, price will just do what it wants to. Our job isn't to nail down the market to the pip, but to nail down our actions in the market. These actions are best judged via logic and worse judged via the outcome.

hope this helps.

g.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
You are so right. Logic is the way to go.

I think mentally I should try to be OK with the drawbacks of taking profit at first logical area. Look what happened soon after I took full profit - price shot up and then retraced back to where I took full profit

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Most importantly - It was predictable all the way!

Whatever trade management method you choose to use for the trade, as long as it revolves around the available information its good to go.

g.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
I have been setting my stops behind the last SR area, and letting my stops take me out. This has seen me miss 40-50 pips per trade, so I have been thinking about setting set profit points, say a strong SR, or a good 2:1, 3:1 - sounds similar to what you have been doing.

This would then of course introduce the problem you've been discussing - seeing price go an a crazy run. To mitigate this I'm thinking of instead of taking profit at these points, maybe setting a super tight stop of 10 pips. So if it reverses or decides to mess around for a day or two, I'm out with a loss of 10pips or so, which I can handle. If it goes on a run, I'll catch some of it.

Sounds ideal on paper, but of course my demo implementation will no doubt work out differently. I find managing my exits difficult, and losing 40-50 pips per successful trade is hurting a lot at the moment ( my balance, and psychologically ) ...

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
That's a tough one IMO.

The fake out story isn't that strong and you're buying straight into resistance without ample information to suggest, rather predict, a break to the upside. I would have preferred a pull back to the LLS as shown in the chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PS: How many trades are you averaging a week?

g.

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
This month the number of trades has been quite high -- I think 15 fakeout trades, out of which 4 went horribly wrong. I know the number of trades is quite high. It is probably because most of the time I have kept the risk reward ratio quite low.

N

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
But after a pullback there would be 'traffic' just above wouldn't it (no room)?

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Yes that is correct. I was referring to the initial pull back making it back to the LLS not a pull back from here on. Sorry if that confused you.

g.

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
to give my 2 cents...

Imho there's no much defense to the downside, this can easily drop to the very next support with no shake and if we dont see nice and quick correction at the very first pullback we are not likely to see it at the next one.

best,

Jonas

looking forward to your opinion.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
fakeouts sometimes offer us nice pinbar patterns at support/resistance areas, ain't that nice?

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
You made me think of making up an "order flow" story. I do not consider myself to be an expert, but I will try anyway.

Suppose in the gold rectangle area traders are waiting to go short on a retrace alongside allready traders being short. They got "captured" by the sudden strong bullish move. A pullback starts (see blue rectangle). Not as strong and fast as the bull move but decent enough I think to make a lot of traders think the downmove resumes which make the early bulls close their positions. The trapped bears are hoping they can get out with a profit. But the MM's keep the price from falling further into the red rectangle, so the shorts are stuck. After 16 hours above the 1.1050 level it seems the downside is "protected".
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Does this make any sense?

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Yeah, I too felt that there really wasn't any solid bullish story there . . .

g.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
You bet!

Love my pin bars as fake out bars

g.

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
You spotted the setup on the daily. Treating this as a daily trade, would have allowed you to witness some totally non-threatening "textbook stuff". I have been burnt time and time again, by zooming in on the action, to try and follow price more closely and have only ended up getting caught up in the noise.

I just prefer to keep my time frames separate and manage the setup on the time frame I analyze it on. Keeps things simple and doesn't put any harsh limitations on the setup to work "literally" to the pip.

g.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Ghous,

In fakeout trades, do you place a limit buy order at the lls waiting for the retest to take place? Or is it like you wait for the retest price action bar to completely form on lower time scales (say 1 hr) and then make the entry. Also, do you keep the stop loss below the low of the initial fakeout bar or below the low of the retest bar?

Thanks,

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Yes it does.

Think of your large strong bullish / bearish bars as representing a period of "vacuum". Most trading will occur in the times that price is sideways, i.e consolidating. Large sudden moves, represent thin volumes where price is spiking to find the next point of equilibrium where the traders can interact. When printed on the chart they will leave their impact, meaning that when price pulls back to these, the participants are very aware of how that could prove to be an area of "least resistance" and if price ends up pushing into the vacuum it will likely just fall through.

So if any buyers were serious about buying USD/CAD on a pull back the best price they could get, without attracting danger, was just above the high range bar.

This also explains why most of the popular demand and supply zones tend to get drawn right off the edge of these large range bars.

This can be advanced stuff for most, and I totally understand that. Do ask if anything is unclear.

g.

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
When waiting for a pull back, I will either place a pending order slightly above the LLS (If the setup really is that good. An example would be the EJ 4H from 20th FEB where price pulled back to the LLS in confluence with the 140.00 RN after creating the fake out) or simply wait for a bar confirmation on that very time frame. In this case I will mostly use that pull back bar as the trigger bar and hence place my stop underneath that bar instead of tucking it way under the fake out bar. But again its not something set in stone. For example an exceptional case would be, where the trigger bar itself is a small range bar where I feel using a stop underneath that small bar makes the trade too tight for comfort. I will then drag it arbitrarily a little further, or who knows maybe beyond the fake out bar itself.

g.

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Off topic of this thread but I saw Pinbar using a tool in his video to draw on a Metatrader (?) screen and I wonder how Ghous makes his anotations on the chart(s). Please point me to these tools.

I am on page 32 reading this thread and Ghous (but also Pinbar, LamerTrader, Neytiri) , thanks for promptly answering and reacting to (all) the posts. Definitely thums up for you !!!

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Hi Ghous,

I watched your video on implicit divergence. Would this be an example?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Bars making new highs but closing inside the previous bars. I see it is not at a for SP level, but I ask this just for the concept of implicit divergence.

Thanks,

FP

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
I use Snag it (Google the software).

g.

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
Yup that's a good example. Spotted another on your chart:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
Wow you were flirting with danger there IMO. Going short straight into that consolidation box and that too at a pull back that came right off that box is taking on some serious risk. I personally feel you're better off reducing the frequency down to taking only the setups with strong stories. I believe you're trading on demo. Once you're live, sticking with a strategy that puts your hard earned capital on the line for peanuts off mediocre situations can be a huge challenge. In any case your capital really deserves a safe level of exposure.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Hi guys, would like to here your thoughts on this 4H e/u fake out.

Price was ranging in the magenta box, broke to the downside but returned above closing above LLS, PPZ and 1.37 RN bouncing off the 150 EMA. Green line would be the entry and the red one the SL. TP areas middel or the top of the box depending on what price does. I know that trading inside a box is hard because of the many trouble areas but I like the size of the set up.

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
I was looking at some charts to study fakeouts and implicit divergence. Switching from H4 to Daily to Weekly and come up with a 'story'. I thought I might as well post one them. It is on AUDCAD. Though the week is not yet over you can see implicit divergence formed in the last 2 weeks and (maybe) this week. I know implicit divergence does not mean the end of the move but it could be a sign of the end of the move coming. Looking at the Daily I see some wicks to the downside in the red rectangle. Today could end as an inverted pin bar. These wicks could pick up long orders to "clear the way for an upcoming downmove" as I tend to think about them. There is a fake out on the Daily but a FTA was near. Maybe it is 'cleared' by these wicks.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course this is not be read as a prediction of which way the price is/should be moving. But it sure is interesting to follow price in its move to the equilibrium and the HHR on the Daily and see what it does in this area. Hope this is of some use.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Knowing trading inside the box is hard and seeing many trouble areas why "take the trouble trade"? Your risk would be about 30 pips and to gain 60 price would have to reach the "top of the box" (nice title for a song). That would mean travelling through all the trouble areas. I would not trade this.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
p.s. i got stopped out ... i had kept the stop loss too  close

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Ghous,

I would love to go for trades with a high risk reward ratio. Its just that at this stage of my trading career I have not developed the patience to wait for them.  I am working towards developing that patience

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Ghous,

I am trading demo.

I failed to analyze the chart as you did and should have been more careful.

I would love to go for high RR trades in the future.  I know trading more might become an impediment to my success in trading forex in the long run. But right now mentally, I have not been able to do stop taking low RR trades. Can you please tell me how you eliminated the urge to place low RR trades?

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Totally agree with forexpiet,

Just not worth it buying into all those lows and other mess.

g.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
We've had the fake out, and we and have done what you would expect of it, which is for price to hit the 9900 RN. Anything from here is really up to the markets as the 9900 is a HUGE PPZ.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
My response is a question:

Would it be a surprise to see price climb higher from here given the messy chop we're in and given the PPZ + RN combo?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Every decision that hurts and every tendency that keeps you tied down in your opinion, can somehow be traced back to the inclusion of emotions. And these emotions for the most part can be traced back to the two fundamental, instinctive, innate categories of "FEAR" and "GREED".

The way I see it, a major reason for all these "intuitive" trades you are taking could possibly be because of the urge to be in the market. The obvious connection that people tend to make is that you're only making money when you're in the market. The time that you're in a trade is the time that counts for account growth. Although apparent its far from the truth. The bulk of the time for a trader is spent passing trades and waiting for the right ones. Not trading is a trading decision and can be extremely lucrative. Conserving capital is ultra important. This is irrespective of the time frame you're on. For a swing trader, this could be waiting several days and for a day trader this could mean waiting several hours (which can be quite grueling when you consider the fact that one needs to be glued to the monitor for day trading - minutes of waiting can seem like hours, and hours - well ) In any case, finding some genuine means to filter out trades is very very important.

This is strictly my own perspective, but I think it just makes sense to look for a high quality setup, with higher potential than taking several small scalps with little to no stories attached to them. Its a better way to ensure long term consistency.

To answer your question, to be able to shoot for higher reward trades you need confidence in the setup and that is a direct product of picking the higher probability setups with decent space and a great story around them. Doesn't guarantee you a runner every time, but a strong story is normally where the large moves come from anyway so you're naturally better positioned to take advantage of the larger moves.

The last thing you want to do though, is try and hold the "no-story" trades you're currently taking in order to boost your R:R. Note that I emphasizing (and can't do it enough) on building a strong story around your trades.

g.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
and the story is ...

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Hello Pro Traders

This is another situation... BE Trade and then the Price is ready for free fall without me  soooo typical.

So i ask myself:

Was this trade nonsene - I gues not, i had a clear signal and 500 pips (USDSEK) space.

I gues i had too big expectation again. I set my TP 860 pips into the Box on the last swing low. But today price say no i got the rigth expectation.

Wrong trade management? Maybe i had some fear of loss. I gues not because i set my SL on TP as price closed under the last outsidebar.

Would some of you did not take this Trade? And how would you manage the SL ? Or what else would you do different?

THX for your response

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
See post Post 1,252

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Wrong trade management? I don't think so.

Its important to understand the context that you're trading in. Here we're basically in a sideways market which can be very tricky to trade. Meaning that not only do we have more trouble areas to account for, price also finds it relatively easy to bounce off those trouble areas as there is really no real bias to one side of the market.

We all like our big runners, but anticipating that to be the case, and worse still, managing the trade aggressively to try and latch on to a runner in a market like this is more like hoping against hope than anything else. Now again this doesn't mean you can't catch a trade in such a market that will eventually lead to the breakout and hence a runner, but its logical to manage your trades tight in a market like this. For me this market is an invitation for quick fire trades where I am mostly looking at the first trouble area.

If I was in this one (I didn't take it though) My full profit target would be pre-set at the trouble area marked on the chart. That said, taking a BE on this one, isn't bad at all either. What would be real bad, is to allow price to bounce off that trouble area go from green to red pips and take a hefty loss. Anything else is totally acceptable. As far as "missing the move" is concerned, you need to get used to that. Happens quite often and doesn't mean a thing.

g.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Price did exactly what I expected

I used a very tight MM, moved SL @ BE after the small 1H BUOB after my order triggered and locked a few pips when price reached the mid point of the box.

PS: sorry, forgot to write the most important point of my story :/ more than 70% of retail traders where short but price still couldn't drop and faked out, so I thought that for price to drop the big guys had to unload their positions taking out retails SL above the top of the box.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Congrats, very well done!

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Hy G

Did you ever try to go offroad with a F1 Car?  But in comparison to the market condition i trade like this. I often fall in my own psychological trap. As soon as i got green pips with PA i will catch so much pips as posible and place my TP beyond my 12" Screen elswhere in the chart. After the 4th BE trade i am a little disapointed about my self. Hope never was a good advisor. I should also know.

As you said, the trade it is absolut acceptable. Thanks for your advise.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
I am glad it worked out for you.

g.

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Well, as you might have figured out, there is no point in keeping a TP "anywhere on the chart". Employing logic helps.

g.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
That Eur/Usd fakeout back into the box was nice.

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Now that was a brilliant story! The gap messed it all up.

g.

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Yes, it was and just when I got it, I said to my self ... so this was what Ghous taking about.

Thanks,

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
The EURAUD trade is not that good -- we have a 8H BEOB trading away from a monthly ppz ... 1.54 is a trouble area. I entered on a 38% retrace of the 8h beob and I plan to move sl to B/E when it hits 1.54. R is slightly above 1.

I am slowly going to wean myself away from these so, so trades.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Taking on that up trend is going to always make it very very risky. Not sure why you wanted that straight ahead of the 1.54 RN.

Also notice how the up trend is a result of a HUGE bullish break out story.

g.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
hi ghous

what method that you use for trading?

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Hey Babar,

Welcome here.

I trade price action, the fake out phenomena primarily. Read through the first post at least and you'll have a good idea what we're up to here.

g.

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Hello. Thanks for this awesome Ghous stream and if you do not mind, I'll join you.

First in what I watched today, of course I'm not in this deal, but just watch.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ghous I want to ask here at the expense of the false breakout, he certainly did not work, but can I know, you'd get it?

I liked the location and if I saw him before I took him.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sorry for my bad English.

It is not my native language.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
It worked !!  But I agree with you that 1.54 was a problem and I should be more choosy.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
For the first setup I totally agree with the trouble areas you've marked.

For the second, I remember watching this in real time and don't think I even stopped at this.

There were multiple reasons to pass this one:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Congrats N

I think though Ghous meant a bullish breakout from the level to which price returned now. Anyway, nice trade.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Ghous Thanks for the clarification on  USDCHF

Now I'm here in this transaction.

1) There HHR

2) Fake out

3) PPZ on stories

I will be glad all the comments

Sorry for my bad English
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Hey A,

I would draw my HHR from the nearer swing high. It looks to almost line up with the earlier one, but actually is slightly lower. The fake out bar didn't quite close under that major HHR. Also the fake out bar itself is small and is headed against a very strong bullish bar. These can be very tricky to play because you've got to really watch out for that resumption of the up trend. So far the HHR has held brilliantly after price trickled under it though. So far so good. But I'd watch that like a hawk if I were you

And I (and I am sure we) can understand you just fine.

g.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Thank Ghous

Another thing I like when price is trading at such a strong bar, because the price in most cases comes to their first level FTA, and on or turns or breaks it. So I like when I'm around I see a strong bar. Here is an example using the same currency, just a little earlier.

I hope I wrote clear, Google translator helped

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Bought off trendline support after price closed above bar low.

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Hey traders

my first post here. @ghous, good work you are on the right way.

@Neytiri

your entry for me looks not good. Seems y jumped on the train too late. Your order has tons of resistance in front of.

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
On the other hand AUDUSD is coming from a nice level, broke a downtrendline and could as well head to 0.9000 (if it breaks through resistance).

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
sure it can break it. Just wanted to show this resistance. For me I would never ever take that trade. Lets see what happens. Time will show!

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
A  big bar, in general, can be considered a sign of momentum. But its detrimental to consider it be a strong sign all the time. For the most part it again boils down to the overall story and what price is really trying to do. A big bar that's also a Bullish outside bar right after a period of consolidation can well point to some strong momentum because its part of a breakout story. On the flip side, lack of order flow and trading interest can also sometimes create a "spike" in one direction that can easily be confused with momentum when its really a rapid attempt to hit the next major level where all the order flow is accumulated.

Here are a few examples.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My advice would be to not isolate a certain phenomena but see it as a part of a bigger picture and you're bang on the right track.

g.

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Hey Felix,

Welcome aboard.

Good first post.

g.

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
thank you. I would like to post some of my charts and ideas if its ok for you. But my style is bit different, useing weekly daily charts with monthly s/r. But all in one it fits your system most. I would call it not a system. Its more swiming with the flow

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Thank Ghous

You made me think about it. Now I'm going to approach this from all sides

I am very grateful for the feedback.

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Hi Neytiri.

If you please, could you explain your entry?

Why you went in there in a buy, and I imagine an hour racking my head, but I still can not understand

Sorry for my bad English.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
take profit 0.9 hit

forexpiet, felixfx -- thanks for your comments. It was indeed a risky trade to take I have to be more choosy next time on.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
I hope it is clear now.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Good morning

just took this NZDJPY short. lets see if we got the extreme point here

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
What's the reason behind it?

g.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
its just s/r play. if market creating high there, big RR possible. Here some more trades Im holding all short. If you think this is not what y need here, just give me a call, I will stop posting. Your the boss

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
I tried these s/r plays before. Never managed to get them working for me. Studied them on what I think is a very good website which I will not mention here. Now that I am looking for other 'strategies' I see these s/r plays working all over the place

I sure would like to know what your method of entry is. Are you waiting for some sort of reversal sign on any timeframe or are you "touchtrading" these levels? But as you said, maybe that should not be discussed here although I think this s/r play surely could be an element of 'Master the Art of Trading'

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
I am currently in this trade now.

i like the strength of the BUOB look-alike fakeout setup.

Expected target 1.64.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Nice strong fake out.

I'd watch out for that PPZ we're heading into now though.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
GBP/AUD.

RN (1.8400) + LLS + Strong former resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Did it hit your SL before reversing or you put mental SL?

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
No it was a hard stop.

I did get stopped out which is a pity though, as that's as A+ as it gets for me.

g.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Thanks for pointing it out

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Dear ghous, first of all nice thread. I trade in a similar way or at least close to the same trading concept for years. If you would not mind I like to share my trades in here at times.

about the swing point level on this particular trade setup.. I am not sure how far back you have gone to plot it but to me it seems it is a really a old one dating back to 2009ish, i could be wrong, but if that's the case, going back that far and taking it off the simple 4hr fo with a rather small stop, wouldn't be a bit premature or not a valid LLS at all!!.. at least for me.. your thought plz.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Took a BE+little profit on this one and satisfied with that.

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
just triggered long on gbpchf, nice support line a former res.. nice looking FO setup. nfp would either make it fly positive or negative, nerveless is my signal and I hardly pass up on it, took it half load though.. my stops are usually 100piper.

lets see how it plays out..

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Hey Fx,

Glad to have you posting here,

I never look too far back at all. In fact I try to process the information captured in the current frame of my mt4. This means, that for the most part I am only concerned with the recent action. Its always a plus though to see a recent term PPZ /LLS/ HHR also form a longer term zone.

The pursuit of consistency would initially make me think, "I only need to take genuine losses" and I defined a genuine loss as a loss which is totally at the expense of the market doing something weird. Its been a long time since and I am yet to get my first "genuine loss". I have seen that its almost always possible for you to work (from a price action perspective) why price did what it did.

As I showed on the chart I posted earlier, the location looked strong because of the recent support off of it (LLS) and the former consolidation box high coming right off it. And I can't stress how super cool it is for me to have a tradable LLS / HHR line right off a RN as in this case (1.84).

Looking back in hindsight, price actually tested a subtle PPZ within the consolidation to the left, and found resistance off of it. My anticipation was that since the location is really very strong price should be able to muscle through. Not to be though. As is for the most part, every trade setup you analyze is basically weighing the pros and cons and placing a judgement on which side is heavier. Here the location was just too wicked for me to pass.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
i love your trading method:3

next week i post some of my charts.

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Thank for solid explanation G.

I prefer the recent action as well.. not too recent though, and definitely not to far away.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Attachment

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Missed it

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
eu short on HHR with nice looking binbar..

anyone else in this??

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Yes, entry this morning @1.38809 on H1. Have SL @ BE because not much movement today.

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Hi FXEmpire.

I was watching this very closely to see how it pans out. It seems like a nice setup to me till the next FTA below. However when I zoom out, EU seem to have a uptrend starting from last year, do we take this into account?

Any views from the regulars?

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
up trend down trend whatever trend the fact is it never moves in a straight line.. I am not necessarily pin point a reversal.. just taking a shot at reaction to a valid level for a gain..

trends could end in at will and take off at will.. this is no prediction game but rather a probability game going for takeout setup at solid levels.

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
false break off brn 4200

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
sorry for the loss bro.

I see 1.400, then lower maybe

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
There was a small loss, my hard sl was not hit gratefully.

Who knows with all the bs going on in Ukraine/eu.. all we can do is to go after it from somewhat important levels. I took a shot a late dec level  reaction bounce. I don't see much of a significant recent level above it, so no bias on eu for me atm.

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Could you add some more comments please, like thought process?

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Sure

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
TY!!!

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Hello!

Excuse for a silly question, but you couldn't explain where we partially close and we translate in without a loss?

Thanks for understanding and answer.

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
If I were to use a 2 lot strategy, I would close the first lot when price hits 143 and then move the stop loss for the 2nd lot to breakeven.

N

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Hello! Whether prompt correctly the analysis on an entrance is carried out?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Neytiri, thanks for answers. if you can explain please the principle of setting goals.

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Generally speaking, I exit the trade at the first trouble area. Why? Because emperically, it has been observed that price hits trouble areas and turns in the opposite direction.

If you are brand new to trading, I would suggest you to go over the james16 chart thread first and then when the concepts are clear you may want to try advanced fakeout methods described in this thread.

N

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
N

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
full tp done.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Attachment

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Guys,

Here's a setup that I'm looking at.

There is a fakeout at the HHR. The previous two bars combined forms a large bar with weak close. This signifies lack of liquidity.

For this setup, we should enter when price retrace to test the HHR. This create space for price to move towards the FTA.

What do you think?

EDIT: I would rate this as a B setup.

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
I saw that one too. But given the fact that it was a weak fakeout, it was a pass for me.

N

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
....a weak fakeout...Why do you consider it a weak fakeout?

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Ghous has described it beautifully in his notes. Please check out the attached file - the paragraph highlighted in yellow and the figure above that.

N

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Thank you Neytiri  for that pdf

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Thanks Neytiri, are you saying that the wick does not penetrate deep enough to hit the stop loss to create liquidity?

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
N

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
EXIT

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
exit

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Hi guys,

did anyone catch this?

I saw it forming and was going to trade it, wanted to buy slightly above the green line, but then ended up not taking the trade because of the area I marked as FTA. In hindsight price did what I expected.

Ghous could you give me some tips on how to determine how strong a trouble area is in relation to the price action we see and how to make me more confident in my analysis? I think that these two are the points in which I'm struggling the most, I see trouble everywhere and after seeing many setups, which I don't take because of some trouble area which I recognize as minor only after, work out perfectly, I end up taking worse setups which result in a BE or a loss...

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
N

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
N

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
EXIT at 0.5R.

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
N

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
n

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
n

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Price was consolidating, so I killed the fakeout trade. Soon price broke out of consolidation. I entered when price crossed 82. Checked it today. Its going boom, boom  and I hope the previous uptrend continues.

N

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Hello ghouls and everyone,

First and foremost, very appreciative of the contribution from you (and to all others who have contributed) to the FF community; we are all very grateful to have this kind of generosity.

I'm trying to understand how you precisely define HHR and LLS. Does HHR or LLS mean the highest point of resistance/support in the whole of history? Or is it referring to a recent event of high/low?

Here is an illustration of my question.

On the latest daily NZD/USD, there seems to be a formation of a fake out; would this be your text book trade?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But when I look back in history, I realize there is actually an even higher point of resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Based on your teaching, where would you pin your definition of HHR on these charts?

Thanks in advance,

Aaron

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
You have identified the fakeout correctly. I generally try to look for fakeouts at major swing highs/lows. So if we have a fakeout at a major swing high and if that area is a major ppz, it suggests that there is a high degree of probability that price might turn south.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Aaron the HHR means highest high of resistance. It does not speak of the highest high of history. So first identify an immediately visible on the chart resistance formed from a clean major swing on the daily Timeframe and then among the various highs on the resistance the highest one is the HHR. now concerning your chart the HHR on the daily chart is what you have shown. On the monthly chart it is the first one that is the HHR since the second one is just part of the resistance therefore going for the HHR on the monthly would mean using the first high you have showed.

Sorry for the no charts but I hope its clear.

Al

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
What do you think of this setup?

I only don't like the traffic it's heading into...

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Yes Sir, you are right, it is running into lot of traffic.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Hey all,

Thanks Ghous for the insight and effort.

I am also 23 and just found Trading and coincidentally forexfactory just over a year ago and lovin it. Price action trading is the only way to go!

I dig this analysis and want to know if yall think im accurate here at my first attempt..

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Also see this example that happened earlier in this pair... cool stuff

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
and some more. this is live, what yall think? thanks

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
Hi,

I would suggest that you work with daily and weekly charts and then later on when u become more used to analyzing the charts, you can start analyzing hourly charts.

Analysis of eurusd daily chart -

I perceive that there is a swing low. So I mark a line across the lowest low of that swing and label it as my LLS. I also look out for other major ppzs that are closeby. In this case, we have brn 1.37 which is almost overlapping the lls.

Now that we have the lls clearly defined, we can clearly see the fakeouts. In this case, there are two fakeouts. I did not use both as a signal to enter. Why? Because it is running into too much traffic. It is possible that price might shoot through the area of consolidation. But it is also highly possible that price might just get trapped inside the consolidation box.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
n

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Hey Neytiri,

Thanks for the advice and checking it out.. I will def go through the larger time frames as well and post those later I understand the larger the set up the more reliable it can be. However I am a daytrader so naturally these 1H set ups are of more present interest to me.

Thinkin this is a good potential set up in the mean time following the eurusd set up
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

this got taken out due to the power of the bigger set up

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
n

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
yes I agree it would be way too late to enter now... if I was in I could consider taking atleast partial profits here

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
oh damn....

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Post 1,363

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
haha nice! im still working my way through all the pages lol

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
I liked that level too much for not trading it: Weekly + Daily HHRs and Fakeouts, retest of broken TL, 38.2% and 50% Fib confluence, PB on Daily.

Sold the break of the PB (maybe an entry at a retrace to the Daily HHR would have been better).

I don't have a set target, I'll see what price does and act accordingly.

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
good for you, Len. well done.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
n

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
A RECENT TRADE ..

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Got stopped out @BE on both cad/jpy and aud/jpy...

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
N

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Hey N, you are trading into a box and as such a lot of traffic. I would be careful.

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Thanks Al, such comments matter a lot to me.

It was a short term trade and I had booked full profit an hour ago. Sweet 60 pips

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
my recent trade.. pls correct if i wrong

just make it simple...

I'm worrg abount AudJpy, whether want to continue upward or downward..

anybody can advise????

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Nice one

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
From your charts I can't understand what your trade idea was

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Agree with lenrod

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
If things wont change too much, I will go short this one coming Monday.

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
A long for Monday

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Hey guys check out this cool fakeout with impressive space on USDSGD. A close above the 1.25 RN should be interesting to watch.

Al

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Good day to all

I present this pair for the analysis of trading, I see highly likely to generate a change in direction by having a well-defined resistance.

I welcome your comments. Ghous thanks.

I would ask Pinbar have not seen him in a while, who contributed much to this medium.

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Hey Cesar,

Yup, an interesting level for sure.

Good to see you guys still kicking on with the thread.

I am on a little break from FF for a bit, and will be back shorty,

Wanted to pop in to let everyone know . . .

g.

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Hey Ghous,

So glad to see you back here again . I am having superb success using the fakeout method for the past several trades, although there are occasional disasters too, which I figured out was due to my haste in putting the trade and my haste in getting out of a successful trade.

I hope people will start posting here regularly ... was feeling terribly lonely.

N

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Ghous, you being the expert reviewer of this pair, a false start accompanied by a large divergence.

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
EUR-USD is giving maturing sale sign, you should expect to confirm a false start, accompanied by strong bearish divergence

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
EUR-GBP is given input pattern, we just need to show a real fake out, leave a wick and ready, we can go shopping. Your comments are welcome

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
The problem is the price confluence zone near the entrance.

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Hi all,

Anyone trading GBPJPY using this system recently?

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
This had to be the graph for analysis prior to entry, but I could not be pending trade to climb. but could see a triple roof, and there was a fake out, but was not the main HCR.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Eur-gbp is given input pattern, although the price is not drawing a good wick, to make a real fake out, still like me, have bullish divergence, the FTA is close to just about 40 pips, but these would be welcome, for better entry will put a pending purchase order some pips above the current price, which I avoid if the price continues to fall, I will not trade barrier against planned. Master Ghous would give better explanations.

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Thanks for the response, Cesar8. Do you expect the drop to prevail in the short-term?

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
[Quote = ElectroNitro; 7462217] {quote} Gracias por la respuesta, Cesar8. ¿Espera que el descenso que prevalezca en el corto plazo? [/ Quote]

The price is based on a support area with great confluence of prices, the en acista trend is a psychological level it helps to bounce the price, the strength of the downtrend is very little by making it more likely it is that the price backward to want to look again HCR

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Hi all, this is an insteresting method, there is still alive this thread? do you think is reliable this method? or I am wasting my time reading the hold thing.

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
This method is really good and it takes time to master. It follows basic market 'laws'. You need to learn when to trade and when don't. I think this thread can give you very interesting and important information you can use in your future and will be in you favour.

Wish you the best of luck fxjorr.

Adam

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Thx for your reply Adam, I'm gonna follow your advice and keep reading. Maybe someone can post some actual posible setups. I found GBP/CHF Dayly is close to a HHR, but still not meet all the requeriments, maybe tomorrow or next week.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Dear Ghous,
The excellent trading method where novice traders can understand the marketing as its way....
The method truly explain market action without any assumption...

Great job

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Hey Ghous,

What do you think about these trades? Are they actually fake outs?

Great job with the thread. Hope that is still alive.

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Hi Ghous, thank you so much for taking time off to create this thread. It has been really helpful and am truly grateful.

I am hoping if you could make a video about the liquidity vacuum and equilibrium or share with us, where we may find materials of that nature.

Thank you

Regards

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Ghous,

Do kindly further elaborate on this, or if I am on the right track, or not, do guide please.

I have added a few other boxes in the picture on the left, do highlight if it can be classified of the same kind.

My understanding of it is that, price moves to new levels, however in that space, it gets rejected due possibly it being too sudden and hence, orders does not catch up/or no orders as well. It then drops back down to try find a more stable range. In other words, it is the corrective move/pull back. But because it was a spike, and structure is a single/double beam, it does not have much bases/foundation/steps and hence, is somewhat weak.

If I may add, it is not as applicable to a consolidating market as it is still, somewhat looking for a range and haven't move on.

It occurs mostly on trending/faster moving periods

Do enlighten please.

Thank you

Regards

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Hey there,

One of the moves that you highlighted there is very valid. The other two, I see represent tight consolidation within a wedge that eventually broke to the upside but more importantly, aren't extended moves like the other ones.

These work just fine even in sideways market where the range is wide enough to allow for these vacuums to exist. Of course there are less likely to appear where price is tightening say in a wedge, until price actually breaks to one side.

And Great idea on a the liquidity equilibrium vs vacuum video. I have been running short with time lately, but I'll see if I can squeeze in some time this week for a video.

Thanks for dropping by and I am glad you're enjoying the material.

g.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Ah. I see. Thanks for your reply Ghous. I surely enjoyed reading this. Thank you for your time writing it as well: )

Noted on examples, I see, the general concept of a vacuum would be price falling back to previous area after a break out right? Hence the term vacuum, due to a sudden surge in bid / ask, caused a sudden lack of the opposite?

where else an equilibrium would be it, finding it's 'average' and am wondering, if it can be somewhat similar to a PPZ? As the cause, is probably that it is still within the range of big / ask and hence, buyers and sellers are finding feeling their way too.

Do correct as necessary. Looking forward for your video

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Hey ghous,

Really great thread you have here! Since I'm new to trading it is really opening my eyes to many great concepts. I have two questions for you or who ever else would like to answer.

1) You explained early on that large players in the market take their positions out of the market to bait people into a fake out trade in order to eat up the liquidity from buyers or sellers. I completely understand that, but what I'm trying to wrap my head around is for example they are long the EUR/USD. As soon as they pull their orders out of the market, trying to bait traders into taking a fake out trade, they get a worse price than if there was not high liquidity. I must be missing something. Why do large players pull their money out of a position to allow for more movement and a break of the resistance or support line, but still place a sell or buy order just after they pulled their sell or buy order previous to the break of a support and resistance line?

2) I know you are looking for pin bars, S/R, PPZ, deep swing points, divergence, but what aspect of a chart do you look at first to determine if further analysis of the pair is needed or if the pair is not ready to trade yet? Is it simply the amount of traffic around the current price action and the deep swing points, or do you look for HHR or LLR lines? Could you walk us through your though process when you initially look at a new chart cold turkey?

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
charts from today, would this qualify?

entered base on it falling, feels like a retractment leg and supply zone.

a little risk, will see how it holds.

//

ignore previous entries, was not at screen till later point. thankful for positive swaps.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Hey Drumand,

Ans 1) What I meant in that post was that the bigger players are extremely unlikely to take action in a sharply moving market. If anything, they are already in the market at an earlier price level and are now just watching the pips unloading in their bank accounts. So as price is heading into resistance, chances are bigger players aren't dragging it there and instead have their short orders lined up at or above resistance. Lack of selling pressure can entice retail buyers into thinking they are in control and can push at the resistance hurdle. This is what causes the fake out activity, as massive orders from bigger players will then squeeze the retail traders out.

Ans 2) My analysis process is extremely simple. All I look at is bar to bar price action in a completely visual sense. Once I spot favorable activity on a currency pair, I will then use the cross hair to locate round numbers and just visually study the nearby trouble areas and PPZs. If all's good I am headed to my position calculator.

Some people like to watch their charts right into the setup and dress the chart up with PPZs, but for me it just gets me married to the setup if I am watching it too much. So I am completely on the sidelines till I actually spot a tradable opportunity which is when I will visually analyze it.

Hope I answered your questions.

g.

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Ahh...no. Its always a huge gamble trying to bet against such a strong move in the first place. Add to that the velocity of the 1 minute time frame and you're taking on some serious chances.

g.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
ah yes.. i agree with you. it was a risky trade.

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Hey ghous,

I think this method is amazing and super valid! I spent the last two days looking for these fake out trades on the daily  and H4 time frame for over 8 hours and I did not come across any setups. I was looking for a bearish/bullish pin bar at a swing high or swing low, as well as fake out bars that close back above or below a strong line of resistance or support It's a bit frustrating waiting around all day and not trading at all. So my question is do you trade this technique exclusively? If so, have you found that these setups occur frequent enough to become a successful trader trading just this methodology, or do you always have fakeouts in the back of your mind, but also trade other methodologies as well more frequently? I'm trying to find the fine line between being extremely picky with your trades, and not trading at all!

Thanks so much,

D&T

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Hey Durmand,

Yes if you be as selective as waiting for only a pin bar at a swing point that is also a fake out, trades will be far apart for you. However, I don't only pick typical PA bars as fake out setups. While a confirmation of a typical bar such as a pin bar or an outside bar can be a strong sign, other more normal bars can also serve the purpose of a trigger if the story around supports it.

Its hard for me to put this in words as so much of my trading has gone beyond objectivity and a particular system. I am hunting for fake out scenarios, and then pulling triggers on bars that I feel show the ultimate strangle. These aren't always big pin bars and outside bars. In fact, they are often smaller follow up bars to a main larger fake out bar that mark a tight pull back to confirm the fake out attempt. But taking small range bars is obviously more tricky and risky then hiding the stop behind a larger bar, and that's where you gotta weigh your trading against your risk appetite.

The debate goes right back down to taking a couple of A+++ trades a month, or take 10 and manage them well enough to ultimately emerge profitable with a proven and consistent edge.

g.

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Ghous,

Can you kindly upload a chart example that shows such a story?

Also, please read the following post in j16 thread Post 131,363  Thanks,

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

... hoping that price shall drill through the consolidation.

N

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
That does look pretty good even in lower timeframe  best of luck.

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Hey N,

Here you go. This one's a recent blast.

Oh and great work with those trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Taking a breakout / fake out trade before the bar close is crossing your fingers in the hope that you are right.

Also notice how your headed against a larger bearish wedge breakout and a strong down move that led us to the wedge breakout in the first place. The LLS isn't too exciting either.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

g.

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Thanks so much.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Hi Ghous, do you still use FxPro?

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Yes.

g.

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Hey Ghous,

Thx for your explanation about  Drumand Qst and  relative screen shot.. It was very helpful to me..

Regards,
Adhavan

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Hi Neytiri,

A good entry point you have chosen... but little but confused with ur entry point, don't mistaken me. It's about my knowledge not about ur system..

U take a entry based on fakeout, even though there is no second confirm signal and more ever the first fake out not that much value and it has lot of traffic also.

Its clearly shows on your analysis skill and hope of this system too...

can u tell how u chose this point and how the main key factors played here.

1. Initial fakeout

2.single fakeout bar in lower time frame with confirmation signal...

Thanks,

Adhavan

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Hey Adhavan,

My mistake - I should not have mentioned "initial fakeout" because it gives the reader an impression that the fakeout played a role in making my entry.

I did not make an entry when the fakeout occurred mainly because I did not see any price action signal, even on lower time frames. So the initial fakeout was a pass to me. However, after some time price returned back to the LLS and formed a pinbar. That was the signal for entry.

Thanks,

Neytiri

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
I hope, this would be valid fake out setup...

Adhav

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Adhavan,

It is not a price action bar as such. So I think it is would be a pass for many. But given what happened in the next few hrs suggests that it was a fakeout.

N

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
I agree,,finding the chart, the MAs, and the type of trading tools that make you feel, "I'm home" and for some strange reason just makes you feel good, then you'll trade better! I had a good month, where I made over 100% in small comfortable steps, then starting to explore and try other things then starting to lose confidence, get into unfamiliar territory but I have come back to the J16 pure and simple PAT at important zone tradings.....I feel my confidence back and ready to trade well!!

KNOW THYSELF AND THE REST WILL FOLLOW...DON'T WASTE TOOOOO MUCH TIME HERE BUT BACKTEST AND GO FOR THE BASICS!

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Hi.... g and Others...

I am very much glad to see this thread still alive and ghouse popping up time to time to answer the questions...

I had few changes in my life and I am hope to start trading again(DEMO). This is the only trading method I followed and still love it...

So guys let see...

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Any body looking at this set up......

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
To follow up this pair.

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
Another pair for monitoring. I hope any comments

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
This thread is so active and so many are posting their analysis over here. Good thread to get information about different mind traders.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
NZD-CAD in point HHR, just missing a fake out, but it looks a good short entry

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
NZD-CAD today and made the false start, hopefully the market do what the teacher predicts Ghous method. a greeting

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
NZD-CAD would be good to take profits now, the looming problem area or just let it go ???

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
NZD-CAD take profit, is best bird in hand is worth flying. +75 pip

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
GOLD Weekly, someone follows this pair, because today gave much gain, see the following chart on daily.

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
GOLD after making the false start, look what the price offered 1755 pip profit. Someone may say something about it ???

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
NZD-CHF, here it weekly approaching a strong HHR

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
NZD-CHF, here it is in daily approaching a strong HHR, hopefully crossing and make a fake out

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
AUD-NZD. Weekly, it is playing an HHR, not so important, but it is worth, track

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
AUD-NZD. Daily, just missing a fake out, to enter long, also is accompanied by a wide divergence

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
AUD-NZD. I put a pending order 1.0300 round number, hopefully make a false start and bounce the price, as explained Ghous teacher.

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
NZD-CAD. and the market returns to do the same, the children are placed long, and then the big banks expect someone like your cake, then give them a real blow to the downside. Now really you know who wins ??

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
GBP-NZD, Another pair that is giving entrance, follow the false starts and large still eating the small fish.

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Someone wants to confirm as predicted by the master Ghous, the two pairs were successful, large fish did hunt small fish eating up, surely got lot of orders, hence how good spin the price. total 109 + 165 pip gain.

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
The downside of this strategy is that opportunities for day time frame, occur rarely. But worth waiting for. cease

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Dear ghous, hope you are doing great.

Been studying james16 thread and really appreciate the contributors (including yourself) and this brought me to this thread. This still works like a charm.

Been studying and practicing it. Real appreciate this thread and your youtube videos.

I have two queries,

1. Do you still recommend learning and demo from j16 thread. Don't know but main players from j16 have disappeared.

2. In addition to j16, plz refer me some threads/ material for trading specially identifying and trading S/R levels.

Will be highly obliged.

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Well, I wonder if Ghous is still around.

Say something LEGEND, you have inspired a bunch of traders out there.

You have my respect buddy

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Nice thread here, However seams like Op is not here any more. Is any body know a good thread to learn PRICE ACTION?

Much appreciated


===== 附件下载链接 =====

ghousfakeouts.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1267173?d=1378275073
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1285814
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1382906
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1395503
ghousfakeouts.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1396130?d=1396189599
