===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
After a lot of thought and work I have decided to unveil a system that I have been using for the past year or so. The reason for doing this is to see if someone can program a useable EA that can bypass me having to sit at my screen at inconvenient times throughout the day.

I have developed this system from others that are on this forum and do not claim to be the originator. Others such as Paulus and Dreamliner have done much more of this work.

However I have tried to organize this system so that it is as mechanical as possible. The aim is to reduce the subjective part of trading to a minimum, to reduce the adrenaline rush that comes from making a trading decision and often then clouds that decision, and to ideally have a truely mechanical system that provides some sort of return.

I have manually back tested this over 5 years on several of the pairs and have forward tested it on 11 pairs for nearly 18 months. Therefore I am confident that the system not only works but that it has a degree of adaptability and robustness to cope with changing markets. Yes I admit that it has not performed as well this year as last, but it has still returned a massive number of pips. Yes the indicator does repaint slightly but not significantly enough in a live setting to alter the profitability greatly.

I am not looking to have other indicators to replace or enhance those that are included. Any optimisation that is performed must be done by each individual trader.

This is a simple system that works and doesn't really need any changing, just an EA.

Enjoy,

Mister ED

This is the link to the trading journal I have. Mister ED's HA trading journal

This is where the latest optimisation information is posted

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Many thanks for sharing your hard work!

--- 帖子 #3 ---
That is one thorough system, Mr. Ed. Nice work!

--- 帖子 #4 ---
How are you doing with your HA system as I used quite a bit from your thread?

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #5 ---
I do not trade it because it used a Martingale approach which I've learned never to use. I stated this on the thread. Your system here is much better and more thorough.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
very well thought of system Ed looking into it right now .... thank you

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Yes I have found that Martingales are a great way to quickly kill an account. This is more of a steady slow return, although it does compound to some great figures after a while.

I really just need to get someone to programme an EA so that I can use the system to its full potential. The rules are pretty straightforward I feel so it shouldn't be too hard. But then again I'm not a programmer.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #8 ---
I've created the attached EA which I believe is making the trades correctly.

Since this was pretty quick, I only have it set to make "standard" trades and not "retrace" trades.  It only takes one TP and does not make use of a trailing stop.

Can you please confirm that it is correctly making "standard" trades before I continue development?

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Hi Mr. Ed,

About how many pips on average does this system produce each month. Thanks again. Paris

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Hi Jason

Thanks for such a quick reply. I tried the EA in a strategy tester and it seemed to only register when there were long trades and then it just sent out an order send error 131.

I confess that I have never used an EA before and do not really know properly how to set one up never mind test it. It may be that someone else with more knowledge can help.

Feel free to PM me if you need any extra information.

Off to sleep now after an exciting first day.

For your information I currently have the following trades open;

GBPJPY - hit TP1, TSL, currently +218 pips for the 2 parts

GBPUSD - hit TP1, TSL, currently +86 pips for the 2 parts

EURUSD - still undecided

USDJPY - hit TP1, TSL, currently +88 pips for the 2 parts

Gold - hit TP1, TSL, currently +88 pips for the 2 parts

738 pips potentially on offer so far this week.

Unfortunately work and a career get in the way.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Since January 2008 the system with the 10 pairs (and Gold added in January 2009) has averaged 4976 pips per month in total. This does not include spreads.

Oct 08 was 11199 due to some long trends. Feb this year was the worst with only 1552 pips form a 68% strike rate.

Overall the system has generated 820 wins and 369 losses since Jan 08

This month 21 wins 4 losses.

These results are not to show off but are to show that this system has been consistently profitable over a wide range of market conditions.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #12 ---
"GBPUSD - hit TP1, TSL, currently +86 pips for the 2 parts"

Could you please confirm this trade was entered as on the picture attached?

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Please use a chart to illustrate the TSL. Thanks

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Hello Mrister ED,

thank you for sharing your strategy. I like systems that leave almost no room for interpretation.

as for the signalcandle, do you refer to the candlestick or the heikin ashi?

Regards

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Do you close out half the position at TP1 and trail the other half?

You state you use the top of the body of the HA for the trailing stop.

In your chart you indicate using the wick, so I assume you meant the wick.

Do you use the wick of the previous candle or of the current candle?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Yes I entered at the close of the candle

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #17 ---
I don't know how to attach a screenshot directly to this reply. I will try later today.

I may have made a mistake in saying the GBPUSD trade was still current (it was late at night, sorry)

However the trades that are still trailing this morning are GBPJPY,EURUSD (opened overnight and already hit TP1), AUDUSD (some slight discretion to keep trade open here), Gold.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #18 ---
The trigger is the change of colour of the HA, but the measurements are all taken off the candlesticks.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Hi Billbss

Yes I close half the position when TP1 is hit and trail the rest. With some pairs I will close all at TP1 but this is covered in the optimisation part of the system. I use the wick of the last complete candle for the trailing stop.

Hopefully later today I will learn how to post images on my posts to show how I work it.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #20 ---
That candle has a gap in it.

Is this acceptable?

When you say the candle must be all the same color, does that mean all red or all blue, or does that also eliminate candles with gaps?

--- 帖子 #21 ---
When I say the same colour I mean that the HA body and the HA wick are the same colour. Often they blend together like a normal candlestick but at the start of a move the wick and body are usually seperate.

Sometimes the body and wick do not change at the same time, I wait until both are the same colour.

If you could tell me how I can attach a screen shot from MT4 then I could show you what I mean.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #22 ---
On your reply screen, scroll down a little and you'll see a "manage attachments" button.

Click it and I think it'll be self explanatory.

You find the image on your computer and upload it.

To make a screenshot of MT4, click "file" then "save as picture".

--- 帖子 #23 ---
I have attached a picture of the trade. This one didn't gain too much on the second part. Some of the modifications that can be used are to have the trailing SL at the level of the top of the body of the HA candle, not the wick. If the trades move fast this can leave a lot of unsecured pips on the table though.

The other option is to just close everything at TP1. The pairs that are best with this vary and should be worked out on past data. GBPUSD still probably does slightly better with 2 seperate trades.

The secret is getting the right blend of getting the pips off the table as quickly as possible whilst trying to ride any trends for as long as possible. You will not get every trade right, but I can live with this as this is a mechanical system and I do not therefore blame myself if things do not go perfectly.

For example the USDCAD is dropping massively but I didn't enter as it was a long trigger candle and it didn't retrace enough for the rules. A bit annoying but this system produces so many regular signals over the 11 pairs that I have learnt to leave things alone if they don't fit the bill.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #24 ---
I'm not understanding your wording of the stoploss.  Both TP1 and SL are ATR correct? So it's always 1:1 R:R initially?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Yes, in the above trade both the SL and TP are 81pips

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #26 ---
That's fantastic!! Thank you for the response. I'll add it to my arsenal. Paris

--- 帖子 #27 ---
I threw together a quick EA as well.  It doesn't make retrace trades but it goes long and short and uses your trailing stop of the high of the previous HA candle.  I set it to only have one pair of trades open at a time.  It does not seem to do as well as your manual system.  Most pairs are long term losers.  This leads me to believe that there is more manual interaction then you may think.  I do like the system by the way.

Let me know if there is anything wrong with the way it places trades.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Thanks for the help. I will try and have a look at it later. It may be that there is some manual interaction that I haven't factored in. This could elad me to just us the EA on overnight trades when I can't set them manually.

I really appreciate your help.

Mister ED

As for the trailing stop, when going short I use the base of the HA candle. This could affect the result you have. Also does your EA ignore the 200% ATR HA candles or does it just trade every HA candle colour change?

Can you adjust the EA to just take trades on individual pairs just on set days each week, or even only trading off certain candles. This is what I have found helps improve the system a lot.

Still annoyed that I wasn't around to take some of the great moves that have come up today

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Do you leave your trades open over the weekend?

--- 帖子 #30 ---
My EA does ignore < 50% and > 200% ATR candles and uses the top and bottom of the wick for long and short trails respectively.  Soon I will add the option to select days that it places trades.

EDIT: I guess by "soon" I meant right away. Here it is, you can choose which days to trade.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Thanks a lot. I look forward to trying it later tonight.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Hi Serji

Yes I leave the trades over the weekend to try to make it entirely mechanical.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #33 ---
I edited my previous post to include the new EA, just making sure you don't miss it. Even if you don't take every trade the EA wants to, at bare minimum it will be great to open trades with because it will manage the stops for you perfectly.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Fantastic

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #35 ---
I like the system for its simplicity and Win: Loss ratio (1:1). Your documentation is clear too. Few questions for my clarity though :

1) Do you use any Excel File for monitoring, money management, analyze past trades etc, if so, can you please share

2) Do you place a trade only if the candle color and HAS color have the same orientation Long or Short? For example, I noticed that, for a long position, if the Signal Candle's (green) close is above the blue HAS and at a distance, (not cutting through), trades are decisive & profitable.

3) For Standard trade: LONG Do you place pending orders as follows: EP1 = 1/2 position at close of 4H Candle (ending at 9.00PM EST) (plus) 2 PIPs + Spread  TP1 = EP (plus) 4H ATR on the signal candle SL1 = EP (minus) 4H ATR on the signal candle EP2= 1/2 position at close of 4H Candle (ending at 9.00PM EST) (plus) 2PIPs +Spread TP2 = (Initially) :Open SL2 = (Initially) same as SL1: (Once the price moves beyond TP1, move SL2 to EP2 and trail by top of the signal bar)

4) For Standard trade, SHORT Do you place pending orders as follows: EP1 = 1/2 position at close of 4H Candle (ending at 9.00PM EST) (minus) 2 PIPs (no Spread)  TP1 = EP (minus) 4H ATR on the signal candle SL 1= EP (plus) 4H ATR on the signal candle EP2 = 1/2 position at close of 4H Candle (ending at 9.00PM EST) (minus) 2 PIPs (no Spread )  TP2 = (Initially) :Open SL2 = (Initially) same as SL1: (Once the price moves beyond ATR, move SL2 to EP2 and trail by bottom of the signal bar).

5) For the Retrace trade, I believe, you wait for the price to rebound and move in the same direction, rather than placing a pending order.Such situation, requires a bit of baby sitting.

Thanks once again !

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Mister ED

--- 帖子 #37 ---
1) Yes I have an Excel spread with sheets for each pair and a summasry sheet for all the pairs to help with anaysis of patterns etc.

2) I just trade on the change in HA colour. I believe your observations are good but think it may be difficult to add this to an EA. The results I have are just based on the colour change.

3) Correct

4) Correct

5) Yes the retraces require babysitting. I am looking back to see if they are worth it. There are enough normal trades probably to just leave them out of it. They have been included in the calculations I made.

I will try and post a blank copy of my spread sheets. I am reluctant to post my actual sheets as I feel they could biase people when trying the system out for themselves, but it depends on how people feel.

I think that you really have to go through the hard back testing to decide if this system works for you.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Hi Mister ED

Just re-visiting your thread again. Thanks for the invite. Looks like somebody had begun contributing some code already. Thats awesome. I'll try to code this stuff ASAP - just in middle of another EA right now. I'll ensure that we have something over the weekend.

Thanks for dropping in at http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=168808

Cheers

--- 帖子 #39 ---
I just glanced at this system, how simple and sweet. I will be opening a demo account tonight and giving is a spin. Many thanks Mr. Ed

Alsea

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Thanks for your prompt reply,

My suggestion would be to post the Excel File with the exact EP, TP, SL for the diff dates for our understanding. If you have actual Account data ($$$), you can remove them.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #41 ---
I like unemotional systematic trading sytems,,,Very nice!!,,,Thanks!!,,,,,,Manageing 11 pairs 24/5 can be challanging,,,Do have method for the entries during the sleep hours? I can see why your looking for an EA,,,,thx

--- 帖子 #42 ---
It is quite a lot of work to watch everything. However you do get a heads up before placing a trade of up to least 4 hours because the trade is not placed until the HA colour change has occured.

My time zone in Eastern Canada allows me to trade all but the MT4 4 o'clock candle (Closes at 3am my time). These trades are not so successful often so not really a problem. The main thing is managing trades overnight once they are open. If things retrace then you can loose many valuable pips. Hence the idea of having an EA to at least try to manage things when I am not around.

Mister ED

I have had to focus on this system as to trade it properly requires time to understand things. Once you know the system the time required drops considerably but you need to be free for the candle changes so that you can calculate your trades.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
One quick question. Do you reenter using the same system following a situation when your SL is hit or do you just wait for opposite signal.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Just wait. No need to reenter as another signal is sure to come.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Is there an HA Smoothed indicator with EMAIL option, I think there are sound alerts, but I have not seen one with an email alert. I have always been a big fan of HA, and I think an email alert for this system would be great. Thanks Mr. Ed for sharing.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Mister Ed, Wonderfull simple system! Thanks for your hard work! Now my work begins. I will get to work and try this out in my demo account.

It looks like I won't be dissapointed!  Thanks Again

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Hi Pipquest

I hope you are successful. I will try and post an Excel file with details on how I analyse my trades, but it may be at the weekend as work is very busy.

Most trades appear to have retraced and closed out this morning.

Now it is just patience to wait for the next set. Remember this system has an average of 2.6 of the 11 pairs starting a new trade each day, that is 12.4 trading opportunities at least each week this year.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #48 ---
I agreee.  An email alert would be great and would allow for virtual trading via cell phone.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
I haven't heard of one but agree it would make life easier.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #50 ---
I'm using FXDD.

I had a long signal at 0100 GMT on the EUR/GBP.

It's traded sideways, but is showing a profit of about 10 or 15 pips.

USD/JPY is looks like it may be setting up for a short.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
I agree. EURGBP is sideways. My backtesting shows Thursday to be the weakest day for trades. It seems to pick up by the end of the week (NB my data for trades is all off Metatrader, I only get Gold from FXDD as Metatrader do not offer it, so your results may be different).

I think things will remain quite for the next candle or two so it will give time for you to backtest.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #52 ---
The yen pairs are starting to show a color change on the HA ,,,,Do we wait for the candle to close or do we take the trade at our discretion?,,,thx

--- 帖子 #53 ---
I would wait for the candle to close always. I have been bitten too often by entering early. The idea is to remove as much discretion from the trade as possible.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hello Mr. Ed. I would like to try your system but, when I open the attachments and the computer programming jargon comes up I hate to say it but I'm lost. How do I download on to my demo charts. Thank you in advance for your time and sharing your system.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
How do the results differ using Parabolic SAR instead of Heikin Ashi. I've attached a screen shot of the past month. Would be nice to compare it with the original one to see if it's picked up the signals.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon5.gif

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Hey Mr Ed,

Great system, but I do have three quick questions for you.

1. Do you have to trade all the pairs you suggest or could you start off with say three pairs and if so which three would you suggest?

2. Does it matter if there is a gap between the Heiken body and tail?

3. Do you take trades in both directions regardless of say the daily or weekly trend?

Thanks

Angus.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
attached now

--- 帖子 #59 ---
From post #1.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Yes, that's what he wants. Doesn't mean I can't say what I would like.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Hello Mister Ed, hello fellow traders

I was doing some research on Heiken Ashi and stumbled cross this thread. Your system somehow took my attention and I spent the past few hours paper trading the UJ pair according to the rules you have outlined.

Amazing  The simplicity makes this already a winner IMO. I really like the fact of watching just two indicators instead a whole army. It keeps the chart clean and tidy

To catch the big moves I'd suggest to work with partial profit taking and a good strategy of trailing stops, like you have outlined in your manual.

I have found that moving to BE after TP1 works in 99.999% of the case.

I had some instances where the SL based on the ATR value was not large enough and I got stopped out. After further investigation I found that PA climbed to a near S/R or the dailiy pivot line before it retraced into positive territory. Since the SL was below that level I got hit too early. These levels should be definitily taken into consideration when setting the initial SL. If it's near a S/R line, the SL should be on the otherside for an extra 10 pips or so.

Since I work mainly the THV system - which is by the way a masterpiece of work - I have (just to be curious) attached the Trix indicator to the chart. It seems that when the Trix indicator goes into the O/B-O/S area it's time to close the trade and reap the harvest. It'll give some extra gravy pips before it hits the SL.

Keep it up Mister Ed

AZBOfin

--- 帖子 #62 ---
HA has a weak red on the yen pairs,,,Any thoughts?  thx

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Mines making a red on the USD/JPY- none of the rest of them.

So far the candle is one pip short of 50% of the ATR.

--- 帖子 #64 ---
OK Thanks,,,,I am on Alpari US,,,And getting a 2 nd red HA,,,on the gbp/jpy,,,usd/jpy,,,etc,,,,,PA very mixed,,,thx

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Mister Ed are you using this system on GMt+1 or GMT+3.

Reason I ask s coz you mentioned you're using GMT+1 and use  FXDD for gold which is GMT+3

Does this mean you're using GMT+1 broker for the fx pairs and FXDD (GMT+3) only for gold?

thanks

--- 帖子 #66 ---
What a relief is a system like yours, Mr. Ed.

And thanks to Jason and Skissors, and all onboard.

Best to all in this working out for us.

RRhodes

--- 帖子 #67 ---
found the answer in post #51 it seems you only use GMT+3 FXDD for gold.

which broker GMT+1 are you using for the fx pairs?

thanks

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Hi All

Glad to hear all the questions. I will try to answer things later tonight.

Mister  ED

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Hi Angus

I am trying to trade all the pairs but it can be difficult with a small account. If you want to start with just 3 pairs it depends on how you look at things as to which ones to choose. The most successful pairs pips wise this year are GBPJPY,Gold,USDJPY. The most successful strike rate wise were AUDUSD,NZDUSD,Gold (however this is using my optimised trades, which for example mean that I only trade AUDUSD on Mondays- but I have 10 out of 10 AUDUSD trades this year using this!)

The gap between the HA body and tail I have noted and it doesn't matter. It usually is just at the start of a trend so just look at the colour changes and not whether there is a gap or not.

I take the trades purely on the HA colour change. The idea is to keep things purely mechanical. I tried looking to go with the trend etc, but it requires a subjective call (eg does the weekly trend over rule the daily trend, what time scale are you looking for a trend, etc). The HA signal is best for showing a change in trend and therefore should allow you to get in at the start. The trouble with trends is that you only know if you are in one once it has got going.

My whole aim is to avoid any subjective examination of the trade, as I am rubbish at this having treid it in the past. I wanted a system that I could show to my children, with a set of simple rules, that if followed would allow anyone (even with no understanding of Forex) to be able to see trades after 10 minutes of using it.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Hi Jahual 89

I do not know how the results would change. I use the HA and ATR only and the system works. I always think that things could be improved, HOWEVER, I have seen too many threads change completely over time and then just fade away. I know my system works from my back testing and so I do not see a need to change it.

Your observation I would place under the optimisation section, and that is for each trader to decide on themselves.

Thanks for looking at the thread.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Hi ,,,Just trying to clarify the entry,,,,Does the entry candle body need to clear the HA for the entry to be valid,,, or can it hug part of the HA,,Ok maybe I can aswer this myself,,,Correct me if I am wrong,,,HA turns red or blue,,,Wait for the next 4 hr candle,,,Then measure the ATR,,,If it all coordinates then enter the trade,,,I am a little confused because on the charts diagrams the entrys are shown as the first HA that changes color,,,,,,,,Maybe post chart of your next setup entry,,,Thanks again!!

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Thanks for looking at the system. I see a lot about people talking about support and resistance lines. These are always going to be subjective. The pure aim of this system is to be simple and mechanical and therefore repeatable.

Your comment on the Trix indicator is interesting but I would place it again in the optimisation section of the strategy, and that is up to the individual trader.

I hope over the weekend to show my Excel spreadsheet and thereby explain how I have optimised things. My optimisation is based purely on timing of successful trades and comes from my spreadsheet results, not from looking at the charts. Again the reason behind this is to be mechanical, reproducable, unemotional, flexible and most of all profitable!!

I am not a professional trader and I don't think I could every be one, but I do feel I can make money with this system.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Hi Fugly

I get my signals from Metatrader. I am based on Atlantic Canada time which is GMT-4 according to Forexfactory. This allows me to place my trades at 10pm/2am/6am/10am/2pm/6pm local time.

When I look at my FXDD chart and my Metatrader they show the same time, which is 6 hours ahead of my local time.

The reason I use Metatrade for my charts is that their server time works well for my day. I have used other servers and the results were not so good and the timing inconvenient. As far as the better results it could be that the candle formation times do not coincide with most of the big releases and so for example on NFP days the candle closes half an hour after the result. I think that this gives enough time for the market to settle whilst allowing me to get in early on the change in direction if indicated.

The candles do vary slightly between servers though, but it probably doesn't make a massive difference. My setup is partly a lifestyle situation.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Mister ED when you get around to it, the excell file would be great! Thanks

What minimum account size would you recommend at say 1 dollar per pip Mini or 10 cents Micro to properly take all trades as per your backtesting and forward testing results ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Hi Piptalk

This is the latest setup.

The HA candle that is the first to completely change is at 08:00

I measure my ATR at this time and it is 27 pips.

When the new candle opens I immediately open two trades going long.

TP1 is 27 pips for one of the trades and the TP for the other trade is left open until TP1 is hit and is then trailed. Both trades have a 27 pip SL.

After a slow start it looks like thing are close to hitting the TP1. At this stage the first trade closes and then I move the SL for the second trade to either the top of the HA wick or the top of the HA body depending on which rule you want.

I hope this helps,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Yes ,,,Very good,,,Thanks for your input!!!

--- 帖子 #77 ---
I took that trade on demo.  Didn't use trailing stop, just plain one trade (sl 27, tp27). I know you want things mechanical and simple, but still wonder if you ever use basic things like support, resistance and trend  on daily chart to filter out some signals  ?

Excellent work!

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Hi Seafront

All the trades that I have based the stats on a purely based on what the colour changes say. I am sure that if you use trends etc you can improve on these figures. However I think that these would be impossible to easily incorporate into an EA effectively.

I also am not proficient enough at these things to use them effectively enough to benefit me. I believe these things work, but not in my hands. I admit I am not a very disciplined trader and so have tried to develop a system that suits my character.

All that I would say is if you use these things then be prepared to live with the results, good or bad. I find it better if I just have to do what the computer tells me to do.

There are certainly ways to optimise things.

EURGBP is showing significantly better results if the trades are left to run this year, hence the two parts. However you can never complain if you have got out of the market having secured some pips. I am always trying to maximize my return whilst exposing my self to loss for as short a period as possible. It's always nice to get a free trade though.

Interestingly AUDUSD has not performed well on Fridays this year so I would avoid. Everyone of the other pairs could show a set up on Friday.

See you tomorrow,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #79 ---
HI Mister ED,

Good Job on this system, just a question to ask, what do you means by If the signal candle is between 50% and 200% of the ATR value for that candle then it is a valid trade? How to do this calculation?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Thanks a lot, Mister ED!

I am not trying to "optimize" the system. I was suspicious that you had some secrets (discretion part) you didn't tell us! Really happy to know you trade as it is.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Iven I think Mister Ed means measure the range of the candle, the high minus the low. Lets assume its x pips

now read the ATR indicator lets assume its y pips.

If x is between 50%~200% of y then use a normal entry. If x<50% of y then there in no trade to be made, if x>200% of y use the retrace entry.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
So means the calculation will be Y / X times 100% ??

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Hi ED,

Would you say these trades complies to the rules:

Shorted UJ at Friday, 17 July 2009 at 09:00 (GMT time).

ATR 41 (sl 41pip, tp 41pip), red candle range: 58% of ATR.

Entry price: 93.71  (at 9:07).

Shorted GJ as well. ATR 97, red candle range: 131% of ATR

GU turned red as well, but don't trade this pair on friday.

--- 帖子 #84 ---
no Iven lets just take a simple example for the sake of understanding. Lets assume x=50pips and y=100pips.

so now 50% of y = 50% of 100 = 50 pips

also    200% of y =200% of 100 = 200pips

so we find 50%~200% of y = 50pips~200pips

now return to the rules, we find x which is 50 pips lies between 50%~200% of y which we calculated above as between 50pips~200pips

hence we have a trade with a normal entry.

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Hi Seafront

From what you said it looks good. I haven't taken the trades as I was not around. However they do fit the bill.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Hi Iven and Fugly

Exactly what I meant.

Looks like a couple more new trades could be setting up.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Do you let trades run over a weekend?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Hi Billbss

Yes I do. I don't know whether this is best but that was the way I got my stats together.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #89 ---
I'm having a little trouble figuring how to apply the ATR's to the current price for determining the TP and SL.

Example:  GJ current price 153.50 and ATR is 1.0090.  Going short should the TP be 152.49??

I guess it's converting a four digit decimal into pips that's causing me to doubt myself.  Can anyone advise?

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Hi Reb

Your SL is 101 pips and therefore your TP of 152.49 is correct.

GJ is a restless beast and has lots of long tails to the candles so be strict with the money managment and risk. Do not be tempted to go for a stop and reverse trade as when I have done this in the past I ususally just get my butt kicked twice.

Remember the signals come regularly, you don't need to generate your own trades. This system is designed to be mechanical and remove discretion and any emotive revenge trades.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #91 ---
This system looks good,  any progress on an EA?

--- 帖子 #92 ---
I have attached my Excel data on some of the pairs to give an idea as to how I do things.

I have also attached a template, hopefully it works!

I have also shown a screenshot for a tricky trade today. USDJPY indicated a trade and then the HA changed colour the next bar. What I do in this case is bring the SL in to the top/bottom of the new candle and place a new set of orders for the new HA change as normal.

I hope this helps.

Mister ED Attached File(s)   misteredha.tpl

2 KB
|
1,483 downloads

Attached File(s)   Mister ED HA example data.xls

357 KB
|
1,564 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Very nice,,,,I jumped on the usd/jpy,,,,Thanks for the tpl. and your xls,,,,Your efforts are very much appreaciated,,,Have a great weekend!!

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Current positions ,,,,short gbp/usd -8,,,,long eur/gbp +59,,,long usd/jpy,,,+8,,,

--- 帖子 #95 ---
I spaced out the gbp/usd,,,should of waited until mon,,,,,

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Hi Piptalk

Yes the EURGBP is usually slow and steady, it won't make you rich fast but it will make you rich. USDJPY looks like it will go.

GBPUSD like to mess about. Moday trades are easily the best on that pair.

Have a good weekend,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Nice book keeping! Great stuff to learn how you trade.

I tried to follow your GBPJPY footprints and found a looser on 9th or 10 th of July (depends on your time zone) was not on your excel file. Picture is attached. Could you please have a look and throw some lights ?

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Hi Seafront

I had to look at that trade for a while to see what had been done. On just a price action visual I didn't like it as it was a small candle with a counter trend trade.

However as I am trying to be mechanical I rejected the trade because the ATR was 143 and the candle height was 69 pips on my chart, and hence less than 50%.

I agree that it was a close call but a try EA would have rejected it, and if I were trading it manually I also would have been cautious.

Hope this helps

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Silly me. I realized that. It is the 50% ATR rule kept it out. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Hello Mister Ed,

Very nice system. I am impressed with it. Many thanks for sharing it.

Regards,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Hi all,

if you need a coder ... here I am ;-))

Let me know..

Massimo

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Hello Richboy,

I have been impressed with your ea's that you have shared on FF. If you make an ea for this very nice system everyone would appreciate it.

Regards.

Jeff

--- 帖子 #103 ---
hello folks

i'd like to post these 4 trades gone bad. any comments are really appreciated.

thanks

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Looking at the chart - Feb 20th at 16:00, how does the retracement work on this - I'm new to retracement and don't know when to enter on this one?

Thanks

Ian

--- 帖子 #105 ---
I think they are all losing trades except the second one.

GBP/USD isn't traded on Friday.

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Hi Ionforex ,,,,Learn about fibanacci retracements and extensions,,,Very crucial to your trading future,,,,,Good luck

--- 帖子 #107 ---
I understand how to use fibonacci but I am referring to the example in Mr Eds instructions for the 20th Feb EUR USD and how to make the trade when above 200%.  I don't understand when you would enter after retracement.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #108 ---
hi mister ED

and thank you so much for this system... i used this for 1 years ago ...it is origined by a Belgium person and i contact him directly he had said that this is very profitable on h4 but group of my friends follow this system and found out that this is only work on stocks and futures and isn't profitable on forex . by the way i think i have some more indicators if you need i will post them.

cheers,

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Seems that I am not the only one that keeps struggling with too much screen time.

Read thru the whole thread in ONE BIG session and like what I see so far.

Missing any followup on the EA, as that would be awesome to put to work.

The ATR reading can easily be seen when the THV3 InfoPanel is added to the chart, which would give lots of info, like spread, timer, etc.

Not going against the wishes, Ed, but I feel a lot better when I can see what the broker is doing, when the candle comes to its end, the daily average.

To finish this post: IBFX regularly messes with the spreads, compared to FXDD that keeps them most of the time steady. Watch that compared to other brokers on Sunday market open.

Guess I am one of those guys that loves and extra mirror on my vehicle, lol.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Very seldom do I come across such a good long term strategy. I did the honour of testing the past 29 years....It was tough, a lot of blood, sweat and tears went into this, so I hope you all appreciate it. Took me a couple of months to do this.

Purely mechanical, opened long at close of candle with blue HA bar, and closed the order at the close of the red HA bar. Vice Versa for shorts. That means to say that you will always be in a trade, long or short because when one closes, the other one opens.

I'm attaching my testing.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Alright, so it didn't take me months, took me a half an hour

Anyway, what I'm getting at it, the system seems to be solid on the monthly time frame as well as daily, weekly and 4 hour, so if all other time frames fail (not likely) we can always turn to good old monthly charts.

Thank you Mr. Ed.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Hi Ace,,,Thanks for your input....I know everybody wants to put there 2 pips in these tested trading systems,,,,,Enhancements,,,tweaking this and that,,,,,Demo accts,,,,,Dont call me,,,, Ill call you,,,,,Bottom line,,,,Trade,,,Follow the systems rules and trade,,,,OMG,,,,Take 2 aspirin and call me in the morning!!!!,,,,,Ace and Mr Eds threads are money!!  As is!!   Looking forward to Sun,,,,,,,,,,,Ok,,,, Ill lighten up,,,...Weather here in Oregon is beautiful,,,,,At least,, during the summers,,,,

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Hi Azbofin

Thanks for posting the trades.

This is my feeling about them

1) This one just retraced quickly. Some people would take this as it was against the recent trend but I would have taken it and it would have been a loss. My candles are slightly different so we must be on a different server. I talked about server time a bit on a previous post, I'm not sure how much it affects things but it does make some difference.

2) Again a correct trade but I find Monday is by far the best for GBPUSD trades, and also my trigger would have been on an 08:00 candle which is also not a good time for trading off. Therefore I would not have taken this trade due to my optimisation of the system. You must remember however that the optimisation is only relevant to my charts and my server time, it may well be different for you.

3) In theory a good trade but I don't use this pair so don't have any comment.

4) Again a good trade. Occasionally a trade setups up and reverses on the next candle and gives a new HA signal like this trade. The way I trade these is to take the second trade from the top of the signal candle. But I bring my first trade's SL up to the to the same top of the wick of the reversing candle.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #114 ---
For the last trade therefore I would have entered short on the 08:00 candle at 93.70, with SL at 94.11. the 12:00 candle gives a long entry. At this stage in theory I bring my SL on my first trade to the most recent high 93.95, and it closes almost immediately (in practice I would have put it at about 94.03). I would also have placed a buy order at 94.04 which also would have opened almost immediately.

This is a messy situation and one where it can be difficult to trade. It often happens when you have small candles so watch for the 50% ATR rule as this may keep you out.

The truth is that you will get taken out immediately sometimes and you just have to accept it. This is why it is important to take all the trades and not cherry pick them. I have the long term testing that shows that in my hands this is probably the best way to trade for me.

Someone else may have better ideas.

Actually not a great end to the week. However my figures for this week were

Monday +564

Tuesday +785

Wednesday 0

Thursday 69

Friday -450 (but trade on USDJPY still open and trade on GBPJPY also set to open on Sunday and recorded as a loss at this stage)

Have a great weekend,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Hi Ian

Retracement trades are usually pretty messy but here is how I played that trade.

HA colour change on 16:00. Total candlestick height 283, ATR 76, therefore retracement required.

Wait until retrace 68%, at about 1.2754. 20:00 candle just touches this level so then place an order to go long at the top of the signal candle wick, about 1.2839 and aim for 76 pips TP1 (1.2915)

This one made it but they are often messy trades. I probably would close both parts of the trade at TP1 because if these are large candles then you are into severely oversold territory.

Dealing with these is not easy and if you wish you could just leave them out. I am still looking into this.

All the best,

Mister ED
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Hi Piptalk

I agree with you that it is great to hear what everyone has to say.

My selfish aim with this thread was to get a working EA to allow me to enter the trades more easily, and hopefully also to manage them although that can become discretionary. Hence I tried to keep things as simple and ideally therefore as easy to program as possible.

There does appear to be some progress with the EA angle but I have never used one and do not know how to test one so that may take some time.

Unfortunately it has rained here all weekend and has trashed the Kiss concert in town and the Tall Ships. However last weekend Halifax rocked with Paul McCartney so it isn't all bad. The forecast is better for tomorrow so I'll be out in the garden.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Hi Mr Ed,

Many thanks for the reply.  I can see now exactly how you did the retracement from this post.  I like your system and will be back testing today and paper trade it next week to see how it goes.  Enjoy the garden this weekend.

All the best!

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Mr. Ed

Thanks for your analysis.

I'm wondering if it makes sense waiting for another candle to close if the previous one didn't have a body or if the Hi/Low of the signal candle was very close to 50%ATR. On the other hand, loosing trades are part of the business and should be accepted as such.

Since I have just started using your strategy, I am trading every pair, 5 days/week - just to get the feeling for it. I also keep a record of every trade I make - btw, I like your excel file. Just need some adjustments for my taste

How do you go about late entries? Let's say you miss the close of the signal candle and are already one hour into the new candle; do you still open a position? What's your threshold - 1 hour, 2 hours or even a candle or two?

AZBOfin

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Mister ED,

How to determine TP1 with ATR value? For example, in EUR-JPY ATR ís 1.0405 in the signal candle. Which is the TP1 in this case?

best regards,

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Here is indicator that displays ATR. Just set the multiplier to 1 and period to 20.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Someone had asked about a Heiken Ashi Smoothed with email alerts, it should be attached to this post

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Hi AzboFin

I'm glad you are enjoying the system. As with all systems there will certainly be losing trades, we just have to accept it.

I have tried to avoid doing late entries. However this does put demands on me when I need to put some trades on, hence the idea about the EA.

It may work but I have tried to avoid it as it is almost impossible to backtest accurately, things start getting subjective and I have tried to stay away from this. It does mean that there are many occasions when I can't place a trade because of work etc and hence my trade account has not grown at the rate it should. However I still use all the trade setups for my stats, whether I took them or not. I have a seperate file for my actual trade account results.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Hi Felipeds

The TP1 value would be the close of the signal bar + 104 pips in this case and the SL would be the close of the signal bar - 104 pips

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #124 ---
How do I go about getting GMT+1?  I'm on IBFX and I thought their system time was fixed at GMT+0.  Or do you use a broker that uses GMT+1 for signals and enter trades on another?

Another question.  What's the number adornment on the right side of the screen capture? (230:54)  It only seems to appear on a few pairs; this one is for USD/JPY.

http://i38.tinypic.com/121brec.jpg

--- 帖子 #125 ---
hello Mister Ed,

thanks for your system and explanations..im wondering when can u post the final EA for your system ? and also can u post some live trades with screenshots ?

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Hi Steve

I just downloaded my MT4 from the Metatrader site, I do not have it through a broker apart from the Gold chart which I use FXDD for the chart. At the moment I trade via a spread better but if an EA arises then I will have to change this.

The figure at the right side is just a clock showing the time to the close of the current candle, in minutes and seconds. I just find this is useful when glancing at charts during the day. It is not part of the system as such.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Will this be a long entry on NZD/USD?

The previous bar was red, with a little blue.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Hi Crisis

I would love to post the EA of the system but one has not arisen yet. There seem to be a few people working on it but I think it may take some time.

I will try and get some screen shots of live trades. As of tonight there are 2 current setups from last week USDJPY - hit TP1 and part 2 is -5 (using the top of the HA candle as my trailing SL), GBPJPY around entry price.

It looks like it could be at least a few candles before any new setups occur.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Hi Billbss

This is a tricky one. In theory it could be a go as you have a complete HA candle that is a new colour. However I have not included these kinds of trades in my data. I am also a little nervous of this candle as it is the first of the week.

My data has been based on colour changes that are complete ie both the candle and the body are the same colour.

These trades I include with the retracement trades i.e. they need further thinking about!

I am not personally going to take this trade.

Good luck

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #130 ---
I took a long on GBP/JPY, which was the first bar of the week.

I didn't know that was a no no.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Hi Billbss

It's not that it's a no no just because it's the first bar of the week. I didn't take it as the HA had not changed from a completely red to a completely blue candle.

I have just decided personally to only trade on complete colour changes of the HA bar.

The GBPJPY trade for me set up on the last bar on Friday night although I would probably have left it until a new week to actually enter the trade if I had been around to do so. Again hopefully an EA would have done this for me

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hi Billbss

This is the what I currently see for GBPJPY. This is certainly a valid trade going long.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Yeah I'm in this trade, with stop loss right below the first blue Heikin Ashi Bar.

We'll see where it goes.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
mister ed, i'm amazed at your system's success rate and with your patience in answering all the various questions and comments about your system on this forum!

i'm curious.....and i know this is off topic, but what type of work do you do?

and...how did you focus on this particular combination of indicators and rules to trade?  any mentor?  any trading system 'guru' you follow?  how did it come to you?

again, many thanks for your openness and willingess to share your experiences with your system and all the nitty gritty details of it.......i really appreciate your contribution and attitude and hope you find a programmer capable of creating an ea that will allow you to be on 'autopilot' with your trading....at least part of the time!

cheers, bruce

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Hi all

I think that I am doing something wrong

I do not know English very well and therefore I question whether I have a capacity entry point in the attached document.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Mr ED

how do you read the atr for gold when it is like now 40876 ? what tp  we should use ?

thanks

[quote=Mister ED;2885083]Attachment

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Hi Mr Ed

Gone through the whole thread and thanks for your patience and explanations.

I am starting slowly and trading G/U at the moment.

Pips to all

John from Durban

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Hi Zuma

Your assessment was correct. The signal candle was too small. It looks like it would have been a winning trade but it is not the way the system works.

I have attached a shot of my screen to show the difference that a different server time causes. My entry candle is too large!! This shows why people's data will be different and why it is improtant for everyone to do their own backtesting on their time scale.

Mister ED

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #139 ---
[quote=samer960;2886108]Mr ED

how do you read the atr for gold when it is like now 40876 ? what tp we should use ?

thanks

Hi Samer

Your current ATR would give a TP etc of 40 pips. Currently I am about 46 pips.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Hi John

I hope you enjoy it and are successful. Just take care to back test so that you can see how these trades behave. GBPUSD tends to work best at the start of the week.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Hi Bruce

I happened upon these indicators by looking at lots and lots of systems on FF. This was developed from ideas from Paulus and Dreamliner. I do not have a mentor but also learnt a massive amount from Phillip Nel's 4 hour  system. That is a very subjective system but all his input taught me a lot about trading. If anyone was my guru he was. He also showed a massive commitment to his thread and the traders that used it so I am trying to return the favour.

As for my work it is completely unrelated to trading and the financial world!

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Hi Mister ED

On the picture you are measuring length candles starting from the bottom of the blue HA (149.80), I'm right?

But I do not understand how you define the top (152.61), the summit is far below bull candle?

--- 帖子 #143 ---
[/ATTACH]

Attached Image

Hi Zuma

I have marked the top and bottom of the signal candle. The candle height is 141 pips and the ATR is 66 at this point. This makes it outside the range for the system although I think it may well end up being a winning trade.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Hi Zuma

Sorry looked at the wrong trade, here is the one you were looking at. The candle height etc is in yellow.

Signal candle height 106, ATR 99 therefore a good trade. TP1 is 99 (about 155.19 i.e. the close of the signal candle + ATR)

This is now on a trailing stop with about 67 pips locked in so far.

Sorry for the confusion

Mister ED

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Thank you for your reply, I now better understand how the system works

My candle at GU has 55 pip ATR 66, 50% ATR 33, 200% ATR 132.

This means that you can vylo go to the trade as 55 pip more than 50% (33

--- 帖子 #146 ---
EURGBP soon may give a signal to sell

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Thanks to piptalk I have known your strategy that seems good.

I'm now developing an EA and I think the next week to release the first version.

Hope you'd like it.

Thanks for sharing,

Massimo

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Hi Massimo

I look forward to seeing it.

Yes EURGBP looks like it may show a signal on the next candle for me.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Mister Ed, could you please post the links to the same metatrader platforms you are using. it would be helpful to have the same 4 hour candles and avoid confusion.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Hi Mr Ed,,,The gpb/usd has had a nice retracement ,,,,Would you consider taking this trade?

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Hi Pipquest

http://www.metaquotes.net/downloads

The gold chart I get via FXDD

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Hi Piptalk

I would consider taking it on a break of the signal candle high (1.6514 for me) as it has retraced, but if it retraces past the 50% retracement I would probably leave it (1.6444)

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Mister Ed, Thanks for the platform link for metaquotes! Now I can better Follow along.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Hi Skissors, I'm trying your EA with IBFX and am getting this error;

2009.07.20 10:55:31    Mister ED EA_skissors GBPJPY,H4: Error getting order

Any ideas?

EDIT: maybe account was to small. I created a new account with $5000 in it and it is working. Can you remove the account size limit issue if that was the problem?

Getting this error when testing;

2009.07.20 15:10:42    2009.06.08 17:50  Mister ED EA_skissors GBPJPYm,H1: OrderModify error 1

--- 帖子 #155 ---
HA just trigged sell signal from EURGBP but the candle is Bull, Does it mean that the market is not, if so then you need to wait for the next candle and then enter.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Mr Ed,

I like this system very much.  Just double checking one of the rules here.   When the HA changes color (body and wick) does the PA candle  have to be the same color.   In other words if the HA goes from blue to red does the signal candle also have to be red to qualify as a signal?

Thank you,

Sandy

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Hi Zuma

Your trade direction is governed by what the HA signs shows and not by what the price candlestick shows. Therefore you go short.

My charts are showing a short trade as well.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Ah, so the price candle color doesn't have to match the HA candle color?  I may have misinterpreted what you wrote in the instructions document.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Current position,,,gpb/usa-+ 31,,,,gpy/jpy +55,,eur/gpb -5 (new position) ,,,,,,

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Could you explain how we can set up the HA smoothed alert in tools of metatrader and what exactly does it do? Can you send a screen shot?

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Me too.  I know I read it some where.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Thanks for this

It's obviously powerful - and must have taken a huge amount of time, reading and determination to create ..

As I'm all for machines doing the grunt work, I've modified an atr indi (attached) to show candle length as a % of atr.

The curve is standard atr.

The histo shows

- bar lengths inside the 50%/200% range in blue

- outside the range in red.

Plentiful pips to all

sezor

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Sezor thank you for the modified ATR indicator!

Sandy

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Please what website did you download your MT4 from?

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Hi Sezor

Thanks for the great indicator

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Hi Aelimian

see post 151

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Hi syracuse4x,

Thank you for the indicator. Though, there seems to be a little problem with it. Experts tab gets filled with messages like "2009.07.21 03:14:53 Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed_Alert EURJPY,H4: 0" on every pair this indy is on. Even though the indicator itself works great, these messages keep filling MT4 logs all the time. Could you please take a look?

Thank you for this indicator. It is just the thing doctor ordered.

Oscar

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Is anyone trading these EA's Live Mister ED EA Skissor and Jasonphd EA?

I do not documentation on these, but since this is a 4 hr system I am guessing the EA's would be a 4 hr EA? My question is do either of them require indicators or is everything in the EA?

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Jason, have you made any new changes to this EA> and are you trading it live yet?  I noticed you only trade specific time periods, why is this, why not trade it all day and follow the indicator rules?  Just wondering.

Gator

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Mister ED,

Thank you for sharing this nice and simple strategy with us!

A quick question: How do you manage your TP when you are away from the computer (which could be hit while the candle is forming)? Do you place a half sized pending buy order where TP for sell order is and close positions when you have a chance? Or do you open two separate trades (place SL) and place TP only for one of them letting the other run? Or do you use some kind of a trade manager to do it for you? Thank you!

Oscar

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Hi Oscar

I place 2 trades and set a SL and TP on one trade, and just a SL on the other. As soon as I am awake and see a TP hit I manually adjust the trailing SL.

I am hoping that the EA could help here but there can be some discretion as to how the SL is trailed.

I have never used as EA before and am hoping that if anyone does come up with one they could point me in the direction of how to use and test an EA.

Until then I trade manually as above.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Hi Mr Ed,,,,Just make sure its on demo acct first!!,,,,,LOL,,,,I am really enjoying this thread,,,and your down to earth approach!,,,thx

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Mr Ed.  Just found this thread today and quickly ran through the posts.  Set up my charts and now I'll start watching.  I'm wondering about seeing the color change when the price candle covers the entire HA candle.  Seems like I've noticed a few completely covered and have to assume they've changed colors.  Well, I take that back when I zoom in a little I can tell there's some opposite color back there.

Thanks for your hard work and time you've spent on this.  Looks (and sounds) interesting.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
I'm working on one now Mister Ed.  Phase 1 probably won't scale out but just trail starting at TP1.  It's not too hard, I've just been busy with the day J.O.B and what not.

BTW I intend to publish the source code.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Does this look like a correct short trade?  Just want to know if I have my ducks lined up right.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Hi Mark

Yes this looks like a good setup. I have attached my candles which seem to close at a different time. I am unlikely to trade this one just because I will be asleep, otherwise it's good.

Try going into the charts setting on MT4 and toggling the foreground chart setting to show things up more easily.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Great.  Thanks that did help.  Hadn't played with all the settings yet.  I'm used to using charts from thinkorswim so I'm still learning the MT charts.

Have a good night.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
MR ED

could you please tell me what GMT  has the platform you are using ?

regards

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Thank you. I tried that website and keep getting

FXDD downloaded.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Could you explain how we can set up the HA smoothed alert in tools of metatrader and what exactly does it do? Can you send a screen shot?

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #181 ---
MR ED had already answer this question on the previous post ! So, he use FXDD the same as my live account and it s GMT +3, but in reality it s the same result as if it was +1

Regards

Luk

--- 帖子 #182 ---
I've studied this thread and really like the system. It's clean, simple and can be traded without emotion or subjectivity. Thanks, Ed.

I ADDED a 10 period EMA on the close to my charts and, looking back in history, this seems to filter out the most of the trades that would have lost. Same trade triggers as outlined by Ed with the additional rule on not taking the trade on a new HA candle close unless it also closes above/below the EMA.

Check it out...

--- 帖子 #183 ---
hi

fxdd  is where he use only gold . i am asking about the other platform  where he use all the other pairs

thanks

gmt

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Hi

Check post 151 where Mr Ed gives you the info you looking for viz.

FXDD for gold and

a link to download the platform

Pips to all

John from Durban

--- 帖子 #185 ---
There are two sorts of EAs one can use.  One is the classic one which handles everything - entries, exits, sls, tps ..

The other doesn't do entries but does all the rest - ideal for handling trades when one's asleep or away.

Examples of this latter sort:

- Yannis Sferopoulos' Artemis_Sitter - available in free and commercial versions

- Steve Hopwood's Multi-purpose trade manager - http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=89371

- Swiss Army EA. - http://www.forex-tsd.com/expert-advi...anagement.html

But like all EAs, they take a bit of learning.

sezor

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Did anybody go short on GBPJPY 0800?  The ATR was .3847 and candle size 27 pips how do you calculate the 50%-200% on the ATR.  Any non JPY currency the ATR is .ooXX and I have been using the last 2 digits of the ATR.  Do you ignore the last 2 digits on the ATR for JPY?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Hi Louarm

On USDJPY for you the SL would have been 38 pips and therefore the candle would have been good (ie >50% of ATR). Ignore the last 2 digits.

Unfortunatley looks like this was a loser. Remeber to keep up with the money management.

I wouldn't be using this on a live account until I had traded it for at least 1 month and was able to work out however to take all the trades.

Good luck

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Hi Aeliman

I don't know how to help here. I just loaded my chart direct from the link that I gave and then also loaded MT4 from FXDD. Someone with more technical know how may be able to help.

Looking at my charts now they both show the same time. The only reason that I use FXDD is so that I can get a gold chart. If the times are the same I may transfer everything to the FXDD chart to make life more simple.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I've used the Hopwood trade manager for a while and it's great.  There's a learning curve because there are so many options.  I use the hopping jump quite a bit.  After 50 pips profit for example the stop moves to break even.  After the next 50 pips the stop advances 50 pips.    The tool has take profit options, trailing stop options etc.  It's invaluable for some of the beakout trading I do and lets me get some sleep.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
EURGPB will be probably be a buy when the current candle closes.  ATR is 27 pips and the potential signal candle's height is currently 35 pips.

I'm just using IBFX's time frame which is GMT.  Mister Ed can chime in here about this, but I don't think that it matters what time reference you're on as far as the system is concerned.  Being on GMT+1 is only important for following along with Mister Ed's charts and matching them with your own charts.  GMT+1 isn't magic.

(Also I noticed that the previously mentioned USDJPY trade would have stopped out if you had entered on the open of the candle after the signal candle.)

http://i33.tinypic.com/15couvn.jpg

--- 帖子 #191 ---
4Freedom just curious as to why EMA 10 is a better filter than some other emas?  It does look good.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Hi Stevee

Looks good so far. Still have over 2 hours until the close of my candle. Hopefully I will be around to take this one!

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #193 ---
hi

2 lost trades today  until now  eurgbp and USDJPY

can anyone confirm to me these trades lost so i know i am not doing anything wrong

thanks

--- 帖子 #194 ---
EURGBP is very close to R3.   Will be interesting to see if it breaks through or bounces back.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Hi Samer

Yes EURGBP and USDJPY reversed overnight and were losing trades. It's frustrating but it happens. The secret is to keep taking the trades automatically as the system indicates and not to become emotionally attached (easier said than done).

So far according my records I am 25 wins 7 losses this month so it does work, you just need to keep looking at the larger picture.

All the best

Mister ED

(Unfortunately I haven't managed to take all those trades due to work and sleep)

--- 帖子 #196 ---
I lost on them, as well as GBP/USD.

It's been a bloodbath tonight.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Samer with the eurgbp trade the signal candle hasn't closed.  If I understand this system correctly you wait for the HA to change color, wait for the signal candle to close, measure the signal candle and do the ATR calculation and then place the trade if all looks good.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Hi Steve

Just saw the comment about GMT+1 I agree it isn't anything special. It happens to fit best with my lifestyle and just happens tobe what I have settled on. It may help that it doesn't coincide with many major release times. However I haven't compared 4 different server times to see if this is the case (it's taken me long enough getting this far!!)

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #199 ---
hi

that short trade i lost i just used the ATR value as stop loss . and sl was hit

am i missing something here ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Hi All

Not a great night last night but it happens reasonably frequently, the things is that the good days happen more frequently. There will be draw downs with a system like this. It's one for the long term. In my back testing however on the complete list of pairs I have never had a losing month.

Below is the summary I have of my cuurent trades this year

% of trade year  55.81%
%win days94   65%
loss days34  24%
NNT16    11%
Max.2109
Min.-435
Ave.212
ave win day409
ave loss day-186
Projected pips576062
Worst streak-731
last 10 days1352

NNT means no new trade day. Worst streak is the worst run of pip loses that I have been able to find. Projected pips is the annual projected target based on current pips and the amount of the year gone so far.

Take some time to look and digest the figures.

All the best and keep the faith

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Samer sorry it looks like you were talking about an earlier trade.   I was looking at eurgbp setting up for the long right now.    I'm going to trade it on demo if everything lookso.k.  Curious to see how it reacts to resistance

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Hi. Mister ED

My picture looks like, and in connection with etim my question. The length of my 54 pip candles, ATR 26. This means that 200% ATR is 52. It follows that the candle more than 200%. Since I'm not very understood from the instructions what to do in this case, could you at my example to explain how calculate log

thanks in advance

Zuma

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Hi Zuma

Your calculations are good, the signal candle is too large for a standard entry. You can either leave it or go for a retrace entry.

For a retrace entry you wait to see if the price retraces by 32% of the signal candle (about 18 pips I think). If this doesn'e happen within 2 candles just miss the trade out. If it retraces more than 50% then also leave it.

If it just retraces the 18 pips or so place a buy order at the top of the signal candle for the usual TP and SL.

The signals are tricky and it may be ebst to just leave them at this stage.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #204 ---
retraces by 32% (18 pip) doun for candle top?

Google translator dont translate word (retraces)

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Yes

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #206 ---
That means if so candle more than 200% then you should wait until prices go back to 32% and there to make entry.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
You make the entry at the top of the signal candle not at the 32% level

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #208 ---
EUR/GBP

On my platform the large candle is not the signal candle. It still has red in it.

The signal candle will end in about an hour.

Should I still wait for a retrace?

--- 帖子 #209 ---
That means if so candle more than 200% then you should wait until prices go back to 32% and if it would enter at the top. So right?

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Actually we do not know if the start time of the 4 hour candles is statistically significant yet.  That's harder to backtest on the MT4 platform than the normal variables.  Instead of using the H4 time frame, it's possible to use the H1 time frame and create synthetic H4 bars and work with those.  Then you could backtest based on starting hour for the synthetic H4 bars.

It might actually be important, but on the face of it there's no reason to think there is.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Hi Billbss

These are hard. The presence of thelarge candle does over shadow the current candle. However by my rules I just look at the current candle and if it fits the normal AtR criteria then I go ahead.

I am still planning to trade this one.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #212 ---
my server time 12.54 my conuntry time 14.54

wots you server time ?

--- 帖子 #213 ---
GMT+3- FXDD.

The 4H bar will end in less than an hour.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Mr. ED

Put a 1 minute chart on each platform and then put the curser on the last bar and check the time on each 1 minute chart and you will know what the real times are.

Barry

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Hi All

On my charts the candle has just changed, this is both on MT4 and FXDD so they appear to be the same timezone. From Billbss this appears to be GMT+3

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #216 ---
I found this system last night and it seemed pretty straight forward......I took 3 trades last night and I was hoping someone could confirm if I did this right.

sell on the eurgbp---lost

sell on the usdjpy---lost

buy on the gbpusd---lost (this trade was really a few bars late but it had retraced and my entry was below where it would have been days before)

As the 4hr bar just closed, it looks like we have a buy on the eurgbp?

Am I on the right track?

--- 帖子 #217 ---
I got the same thing as you, on all counts.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
How do you handle it if the HA changes color, you enter the trade, get stopped out, but then price reverses and ends up going the way you originally wanted?

Do you ever jump back on that wagon or do you just ignore it and move on to the next one?

An example is the usdjpy which has a daily downtrend, retraced on the 4hr and created a faulty signal but still looks like it wants to go down. Would you entertain a sell after this price bar closes red?

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Well its good to know I am seeing it correctly and that my luck has not changed

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Hi Demons

Yes you managed to enter on a bad string of trades. I entered on the EURGBP trade on my current candle 16:00 and hit TP1 and so am trailing it now.

USDJPY looks like a trade later but still has 3 hours to go so the HA candle could change by then.

Good luck,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #221 ---
I just trade on what the HA colour changes tell me. Trying to turn bad trade calls into good ones has always  meant I get kicked in the teeth twice. It becomes an emotional mess then.

This is why I just trade the signals. It also means that I can test the data better and not fudge the results.

However there are many better traders than I who can alter their trades successfully. It is just not part of my system or the way I trade.

Your reading of the signals is correct so far.

Misyter ED

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Mr. Ed...

Great thread!

Many members of the FXAW private forum are following your work; that's how I got here.

Have you (or anyone else for that matter) looked at this method on the H1 chart? Looks promising for those who are not comfortable with the H4. Just a suggestion.........

--- 帖子 #223 ---
what price did you enter on the eurgbp at?

because my entry candle closed at .8647 + atr27= .8674 and I never reached that high (fxdd)

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Hi Bill, just to be sure about your gbp trade you lost, do you talk about last night because the last possible trade setup i saw on my FXDD chart  was only last friday and we are not suppose to trade this day !   Thanks

Luk

--- 帖子 #225 ---
I know I entered the GBPUSD trade on a retracement last night but it does look like the original signal came on Sunday, therefore it would be no trade. I think

--- 帖子 #226 ---
There was a long GBP/USD trade, yesterday, on the FXDD 16:00 4H candle.

The 8:00 candle had been too long.

The 16:00 candle had retraced and then broke the H of the 800 candle.

The white arrow shows the candle I entered on.

The trade got stopped out last night.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Sorry Bill i forget about to mention a winner setup on gbpusd monday, it was a long trade but i dont see other setup since !

Luk

--- 帖子 #228 ---
I just showed it to you.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Ok i see, thanks, i mentioned this long because i had entered too early(risky trade) on the 2 colours haiken hashi signal 2 candle before the right signal ! sorry Bill

Luk

--- 帖子 #230 ---
GBP/JPY is setting up for a short on FXDD.

It'll be a couple of hours before the bar completes.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Mr.  Ed,

Good stuff!!

--- 帖子 #232 ---
I also see this set up but my 4 hour candle will close in 30mins. so far I lost 2 trades in a row. Lets see what happens with this one.  It looks like a decent entry as well in technical, just above 62% fibs retracement in 4h chart. I will go for it if it closes the way it should be.

--- 帖子 #233 ---
I've lost 3 in a row and am losing on a 4th (EUR/GBP).

I'll continuing taking them until I'm convinced this doesn't work.

4 losing trades can happen with any system.

With a 55% hit rate, there is a 4.1%  chance of losing 4 in a row.

That is within the realm of possibility.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Does the GBPUSD also appear to be setting up?

My bar is repainting a bit (bouncing blue-red) but if it drops some more in the next 90min, it might be a short.

USDJPY did drop

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Same here. It's flashing on and off.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
GJ soon suffice TR 1 and trigget TRS

--- 帖子 #237 ---
GJ is definitely going short.  But I can't read the HA for the signal bar.   I assume it's shifted to red.

EGBP was initially a smallwinner forme.  I let it run and it's now in the negative (demo)

One of the advantages of having a good EA is that those who know how to backtest can do that and see what the results look like.  I know there are issues with the back tester but still it will be interesting data

--- 帖子 #238 ---
This system lends itself to a visual backtest.

I trust that a lot more than I do an EA. That's just my own personal preference.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
GJ is *this close* to exceeding 2X the ATR.  It might be a retrace candidate.

***Edit***

Belay that.  The signal bar has now exceeded 2X the ATR.  Retrace.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
ok guys on the g/j no trade it is greater then 200%, got to wait for a retracement.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Well, doesnt this 4hr bar have to close before its even considered for a short?

I suppose its possible a retracement could happen in this bar while remaining red, correct?

(not likely since its only slightly red so if it retraces, it might repaint)

--- 帖子 #242 ---
I agree, see what happens with this g/j, I am waiting for a retracement now. What bothers me is that earlier the u/j trade that I have taken when the HA gave me short and what happened was that it went against me to my SL and then right after it went short my way. If I had greater SL I could of been in the trade positively of if I have entered the candle after that would of worked as well.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
It closed for me, I have set up the fibs now...  I have a full red HA now and it looks good too.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Correlation (- and +) is something that might be worth considering.

For instance, I'm long EUR/GBP. It's looking like GBP/USD will be a short within an hour.

If one turns on me and gets stopped out, the other one probably will also.

That might be a case of loading up too many eggs in one basket.

Mr Ed may have already looked at this.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
But, since the pairs dont move exactly the same, you almost have to take all the signals and deal with the result (good and bad). How do you know which to take and which to ignore.......And it would seem logical that if the GBPUSD and GBPJPY are falling, the EURGBP will rise. (in theory)

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Through backtesting.

Which pairs perform better?

What are the monetary results of taking simultaneous trades on them?

That's the only way I know to determine it.

You are correct that EUR/GBP and GBP/USD should move in opposite directions.

That could mean they will both be winners ot that they will both be losers.

Whatever the case, you are risking 6% of your account (at 3% per trade) on what is essentially one trade.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
possible short on the g/u, I will wait for the candle to close and I will look for a short oportunity. the candle before has formed a red HA wick with a very small body.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Hi BeachBum

Good to see you are enjoying the thread.

I have looked at he 1hour a bit but have done no real testing as the 4 hour suits my trading better.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #249 ---
I have enjoyed reading about your method..........

And I think if someone wants to trade the H1, this strategy would work very well!

Keep up the good work.............

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Mister Ed thanks for this simple but effective method.

I wrote a small indicator that just displays the previous bar's range in pips, and also the ATR(20) value and its 50 % & 200 % values.

If the bar pip value is within the other two figures it's ok to enter a normal trade on HA color change, otherwise retrace.

Allows you to sum up the situation at a glance.

^ Chris ^

--- 帖子 #251 ---
very handy. thank you, chris!

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Works perfect and makes it easier!

Thanks

Now I just want some winners

--- 帖子 #253 ---
watch for a/j as well as g/u and the retracement of g/j, with in 3 hours we might have 3 entries.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
My 4hr bar just closed nearly 30min ago and triggered a GBPUSD short already.

--- 帖子 #255 ---
I am still in e/g around -10 and -15, anyone gave up on this one? I mean it is not moving at all. Technically it should move up which I am long on that one, and that is if the price doesn't hit my SL and then moves higher.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
hmmm ok, I will wait for another bar and that is because of the way the HA formed on my screen, HA looks like a doji candle without any body.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
I'm still long and hoping the GBP sells off and makes this one a winner. So far since I've started following, they are all going against me

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Well, dont go by me. I am still learning this system so my entries could be flawed. It appeared to be a sell to me based on the rules so I took it.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
well you had the idea, good luck, hopefully I will enter on that one in the next 2 hours, and hopefully will be positive for all of us

about the u/g pair, it should be the opposite of g/u but at the moment it doesn't look that way. g/u is going one direction and u/g is just holding the price beween 10-15 pips, I don't like this pair at all, needs alot of patiance.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
I read that once you reach TP1, you move the stop to the top of the HA body.

Is this on the long trade or short trade?

Because if we are long and the stop is moved to the top of the HA body, then a short should have the stop at the bottom of the HA body. Make sense?

It should be flipped depending on whether its long or short. So I am not sure which side of the trade he was referring to when he said top of the HA body.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
He explained that you move the stop to the top of the wick on a long trade and to the bottom of the body on a short trade.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #263 ---
EUR/JPY is signaling a sell on FXDD- or will be in 10 minutes.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
I see the EURJPY, does the GBPJPY also qualify?

I am almost getting gun shy as the GBPUSD is about to down in flames for 4 straight losers.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
No- g/j is too big a bar. It has retraced. It needs to break the low of the big bar to enter. It needs to do it on this bar.

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Hi Demons

I would be cautious of the signals today as the last 2 candles on many of the pairs have been massive, and include large retracements.

EURJPY has almost retraced 50% on my candles and it may be more prudent to leave this one or to at least see if it reverses south before commiting.

Not the 100% mechanical trading but sometimes the market is just crazy and it is wise to listen to it.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #267 ---
no EJ trade on tuesdays according to the trading schedule unless just practicing for practicing sake

--- 帖子 #268 ---
It might be a good idea to take the EUR/JPY.

I passed on it and I've been wrong all day.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Mister ED, great thread! I've had this indicator for a while but never looked at it the way you presented it. Also I'd suggest that you use FXDD for all other pairs besides gold, they are on +2 GMT I think which means that while it's 7/21 6:00pm in New York, FXDD shows 7/22 1:00am on the 1H candle. The 4 hour bars open at 5pm, 9pm, 1am, 5am, 9am, 1am NEW YORK (EST) times.

I'd appreciate if you'd shed some light on the following trades I took.

GBPUSD S @ 1.6409. The 1pm EST 4h candle opened and since previous bar did not exceed ATR per your rules, I entered at market (althought it was approx 10 pips above open I entered late)...

GBPJPY S @ 153.90. I put an entry order at 38.2 fib of the previous candle because it exceeded.

EURJPY S @ 133.13. Entry order at 38.2 fib of previous candle because it exceeded. All trades were entered today at 1pm NEW YORK EST times.

They are all slightly negative right now, I want your thoughts on whether these signals are valid and if my entries are appropriate or too early or too late. Please advise thanks and keep up with this system, visual backtest looks promising.

P.S. Also one more thing, is it true that the spread on Gold is like 50 pips????? Is it feasible to trade gold when you have to wait to make 50 pips just to break even, or am I missing something here, becuz I wud killl to trade gold..

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Beats me. I simply spent a few hours adding various SMA and EMA's to the charts to find a way to effectively filter out some of the bad trades without detracting too much from Mr Ed's original system. The 10 EMA on close seemed to work best as a filter (not as a trigger).

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Hi Demons

I just made it to the exact pip for TP1. The second part is still running but it is slow work. I don't think I'll retire on this one!!

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #272 ---
finally g/u is coming to live, I am +9 pips

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Hi Billbss

Correlation is something that I have thought about. It can be quite daunting when a big move comes and you get multiple signals on trades. I have not really found a way around this. However by trading a range of different currencies and variants thereof I feel that this may not be an impossible problem.

The only way that I can offer some form of confirmation is that multiple bad trades on the same day do not happen that often and are made up for by multiple trades going good on the same day.

This is why I find that I have to stick strictly to the system and not jump in early or try to chase or second guess a signal once it has happened. If I do this it becomes subjective, and this is not the system.

This belief has to come from each individual trader and can only be got by back testing and convincing oneself. Anyone using this system should not believe my work but should be able to convince themeselves. It took me months and months.

Sorry for such a long winded reply but I feel it is important.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Hi Billbss

Sorry about the last answer, I hadn't reached your reply above. I agree totally with what you say.

Ideally if one has a large enough account you could reduce the correlation risk but capping to overall amount risked for each trade so that it is a constant total eg 3% per trade but with a maximum total risk at any one time of say 15%, therefore if more than 5 signals arise that risk per trade must be reduced. That's what the pro's do.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Hi Chris

Thanks a lot. I will try it tomoorow hopefully.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Hi Demons

The trailing SL is where the variation can start coming in. I said the top of the HA so that there was one rule that fits all. Realistically you are correct in trailing from the bottom of the HA body when going short and the top of the HA body when going long.

When a long trade goes fast I will sometimes trade off the top of the wick. When to do this depends on experience and your own attitude tothe trade.

I didn't want to confuse too many people at an early stage. There are certainly ares of the system that can be adjusted to fit in with your individual temperament.

I hope you will judge the system over the longer term. It does go through ups and downs.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Hi Pipologist

The first trade is according to the system. The second and third trade should have enetered at the break of the signal candle low, at the moment I don't enter at the retrace level.

However all your trades appear to be going in the right direction now.

The retracement rules are probably the area that needs most work. I have been looking at this for some time. As they don't come around so much I decided to start the thread to get an EA going and then revisit these rules later. Such is my luck that we go through a period of volatility and we get lots of retracements.

I like the idea of entering the trade at the 32% retracement level and am revisiting it. It makes sense that after a sudden large move teh market retraces and gets its breath before resuming. As with any rule sometimes it will not work but it shows promise.

If you get any backtest results I would love to see them.

As for the candle closing times it seems to be the same old chesnut on most threads. I am thinking that FXDD must have multiple servers on different time zones as results seem to vary a lot. It makes it hard to compare things. This is why ultimately you need to do your own testing to be sure that it works on your charts. I ended up opening accounts with nearly 12 brokers to try to find the server time I wanted.

Finally with Gold I trade with a spread betting firm in the UK and their spread is 6 points which is therefore acceptable. The lareg spread is why I haven't included some of the more exotic pairs. I have been caught by it on NZDUSD a couple of times. On one occasion I was also caught by the "Mysterious Stop Hunter"! That trade p*ssed me off for weeks!

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Just found the thread, watching with interest. I have a gut feeling this will work on 1H too, but lets deal with the 4H first.

Thanks Mister ED, I am impressed by the amount of work in this Excel spreadsheet and the patience you have to answer everybody here.

all the best.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
So for example, GBPJPY low was 153.09; so I would have to put an entry order short at 153.08 with proper ATR stop and profit targets???

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Folks,

Have you ever wondered why there is no lower wick at the HA candles?

By looking at the code there seems to be a programming error and that is why the candles don't show the way they actually should.

This is the current code to calculate the candles:

PHP Code  maOpen=iMA(NULL,0,MaPeriod,0,MaMetod,MODE_OPEN,pos);
maClose=iMA(NULL,0,MaPeriod,0,MaMetod,MODE_CLOSE,pos);
maLow=iMA(NULL,0,MaPeriod,0,MaMetod,MODE_LOW,pos);
maHigh=iMA(NULL,0,MaPeriod,0,MaMetod,MODE_HIGH,pos);

The values for the MODE_ constantes are as follows:

MODE_OPEN 0 Open price.
MODE_LOW 1 Low price.
MODE_HIGH 2 High price.
MODE_CLOSE 3 Close price

According to MQL definition the constants used for the iMA function should be:

PRICE_CLOSE 0 Close price.
PRICE_OPEN 1 Open price.
PRICE_HIGH 2 High price.
PRICE_LOW 3 Low price.

See the difference?

By adjusting the source code to this, the candles will display correctly.

PHP Code  maOpen=iMA(NULL,0,MaPeriod,0,MaMetod,PRICE_OPEN,pos);
maClose=iMA(NULL,0,MaPeriod,0,MaMetod,PRICE_CLOSE,pos);
maLow=iMA(NULL,0,MaPeriod,0,MaMetod,PRICE_LOW,pos);
maHigh=iMA(NULL,0,MaPeriod,0,MaMetod,PRICE_HIGH,pos);

Am I right or do I get this completely wrong?

AZBOfin

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Although that is interesting it probably doesn't matter too much for this system. Just the colour matters not the length etc.

Juicyt

--- 帖子 #282 ---
I think you're right.

*edit*

I did some research into the proper syntax for the iMA function and AZBOfin is correct.  When I made the necessary corrections to the smoothed HE custom indicator, the HE bars do look significantly different.  I don't know if this will affect the historical results or not.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
You can send a modified version of the indicator?

I have no understanding of programming ;-)

--- 帖子 #284 ---
I compared this modified version with the old one.

There is no difference in the colors (which would change the trade entries)

The only difference I see are the wicks on both sides of the bodies.

This would change the exits, unless the bodies are used and the wicks ignored.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Luckily it doesn't seem to affect the outcome of the system; nonetheless it's a clear error.

I've attached the modified smoothed heikin ashi indicator and named it with "rev 2" in the name so as not to conflict with Mister Ed's original.

I also took the liberty of changing the default inputs in the code to match Mister Ed's system inputs to this indicator (i.e. 2,6,3,2)

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Now can you change it so there are no tails either side so they stop getting in my way? Then we'd just get a green or red light.

Juicyt

--- 帖子 #287 ---
I fixed an obvious bug but I won't publish any modifications or "improvements" to Mister Ed's indicators.  It's his thread and I don't want to hijack it and turn it into a circus.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Hi Steve

Thanks a lot for looking at the indicators. I certainly don't mind altering the indicator that has been used, I just don't want to start adding any new indicators in.

As has been noted with the retracement trades there are areas that need looking at but that is why I started the thread. I just think the spirit of the system should remain.

Work is really busy at the moment so I don't think I'll have a chance to look at anything until later tonight.

Thanks to all of you for your help and input.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #289 ---
I tried your fix.

There are no distinct bodies or wicks. There is only a straight colored bar.

Is this what you see?

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Hi skissors.

Is there any chance you could make it so we can alter some parameters in a menu? For example, if i want to take profit (close one position) at 1.5x the ATR or 2x the ATR. Also if the stop could change the same way, that'd be great. I think if looking at shorter time charts it might pay to have a slightly larger stop and t/p but will only know if i can change things.

Thanks, Juicyt

--- 帖子 #291 ---
I saw the same thing happen.

You have to exit and restart the platform.  If that doesn't work, then remove the indicator from each chart and drag it back on.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Hi Mister Ed,

Thank you for sharing your system with us. It looks like a very profitable system over time.

I created an indicator that visually displays your system (I believe) with dots for the entry/exits and lines for the TP and SL values including one line for the retracement level. I also added a way to select the days for each of the pairs.

So step 1: get the indicator right for the system and how it works visually. Step 2: write the EA.

If we get the indicator right it will go a long way to answer questions on how the system works and should we be in a particular trade or not.

I made one assumption on when a retracement level is calculated but is never reached i.e. price goes away from the retracement level and it never gets hit.  In that situation, when the HA color changes I look to see if a new long or short is to be entered based on the signal candle length and ATR values.

On the charts you will see:

long entry dots  - blue

short entry dots - red

long exit dots   - aqua

short exit dots  - magenta

TP value         - pink

SL value         - gold

retrace level    - dark violet

For example, when a long trade is started, you will see a blue dot below the signal candle, a TP line (pink) above the candle and a SL line (gold) below the candle. The SL will remain constant until (if) the TP is touched, then the SL will rise if the price rises (ATR below the low). The TP line will not continue for that trade as it looks to not be needed anymore for that trade. When price touches the SL then an aqua dot will be below candle.  Shorts are reversed with different colored dots but the TP and SL colors are the same as longs.

Each pair you listed has an input (except for gold) that can be entered to show the days to be traded. Enter 5 letters (one for each day of the week): either y or n.

Plus you can turn on or off the standard trades and the retracement trades independently.

Please take a look and let me know of any changes to get it to represent your system as you described.

Mark

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Another stop out- AUD/JPY.

Not a good week for the system.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
My nascent EA showed an AUDJPY sell signal before (just testing today so no trades).  Now it's showing no signal on any of Mister Ed's pairs using IBFX.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
I have not climbed in these auctions (there was a EURUSD), it was evident that the price goes up.

I think that if the signal is the candle in the other direction it is better to wait or to rollback pending order at the end of candles

--- 帖子 #296 ---
There was a solid sell signal on AUD/JPY on the FXDD 0800 Candle (0500 GMT). It came within about 10 pips of TP1 and turned and went the other way.

One problem I see is the scaled exit. When you get stopped out, you take the full hit- both positions.

The winning trades I've had take frequently less than that in profit.

I know this is a popular method, but I've never seen it work.

This is just my observation and Mr Ed can take it for what it's worth.

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Hi billbss

Same here on IBFX

John from Durban

--- 帖子 #298 ---
A/J is setting up for a long in a couple of hours.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
I'm sure I'm thinking too much due to what I see as poor performance with this system but would it help if the system was filtered by the daily trend?

Its kinda painful to watch these trades go against me especially when I know the daily trend is against it.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
"Now can you change it so there are no tails either side so they stop getting in my way? Then we'd just get a green or red light."

Simple.  When you put the indicator on the chart, go to the Colors tab and set the first two colors to None.  This will give you just the body and not the tail

--- 帖子 #301 ---
There are no new trades being triggered at the 4h bar that just opened. (certain pairs can only be traded on certain days)

Can anyone else confirm that???

--- 帖子 #302 ---
I agree with you although many write differently. I always take half profit at 2x the risk so at least if i have a few small wins and losers they cancel the other out until the big one comes. That was why i asked scissors if that ea could be altered.

Juicyt

--- 帖子 #303 ---
AUD/JPY was a new long trade.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Hi Billbss

I agree with your observation. Any other ideas that are simple and could be incorporated would be useful.

I have thought of reducing the TP to 90% of the ATR - the reason being that if the ATR is the average potential distance the trade could go in the next candle then if we close slightly before the stop we should secure some pips and then get us into a free trade as soon as possible. However this rational would also lead you to increase the SL to 110% ATR so that it doesn't get hit. This then wrecks the RR ratios.

This is a longer term development that needs to be thought over.

Thanks for the comments.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Hi Demons

It is difficult when the system goes through a bad patch like the past few days. I regularly try to think up filters but they end up just fitting the latest trades and do not not appear to be robust enough to work in all markets.

Over analysing and imagining how trades will work usually gets me in trouble. I agree that it works with some people, just not with me. Hence my idea for a no thought system.

Remember  over the year so far I have had winning days only 64% of the time. However on a winning day I average 409 pips versus a losing day losing 189. This means that I only need to have a winning day 31% of the time to start making a profit.

I think you need to give the system at least 2 months of analysis before trying to add in extra filters.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #306 ---
I understand and I did look back and there are some wonderful countertrend moves that would be missed by filtering. I also want something SIMPLE otherwise I totally get in the way.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
The previous bar was less than 50% of ATR so according to system, no trade.

Did you take it??

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Yes.

On my FXDD platform the signal bar was 72 pips.

The ATR was 68 pips.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
The attached EA is a first cut from tonight. I make the source code available so feel free to incorporate new features.

As it stands the EA evaluates the basic setup using HA smoothed and ATR indicators. If HA colour change takes place longer than over the last 3 bars then the trigger is skipped. The 50%-200% rule is followed for position opening, fixed TP & SL is submitted with the market order. No SL trailing is implemented though, neither the 200%+ retracement rule - to be done in the coming days

As this is only the first cut without any significant testing I would urge everyone to use this only for backtesting and bug testing first

The EA will trade that pair and time frame it is placed on, so by default it should be dropped on a 4H chart. Please ensure you have the Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed.mq4 in your expertsindicators folder.

Have fun!

--- 帖子 #310 ---
I also just entered a short EUR/GBP.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Hi Mark

I like the idea of getting the indicator sorted first. It seems it may make doing the EA easier ( but I am not a programmer).

The trailing SL however seems to just follow the ATR. I like it to follow the top (long) or bottom (short) of the HA candles.

I also noticed that it only opens a trade at a time and appears to run it until it hits a TP or SL. On occasions the very next HA bar is completely the oppsite colour. In this case I bring the SL to the high of the bar and set up my new trade to open at the break of the signal bar. It's hard to explain so I will try to get some examples.

Otherwise on initial quick look it does look as if you are on the right track.

Off to bed now as this trading and working is tiring me out.The sooner this system lets me retire the better!!

Mister ED

Currently in AUDJPY and EURGBP. The yen appears to be falling across the board. Looks like I will miss the setups on GBPJPY and EURJPY

--- 帖子 #312 ---
I really look forward to getting a good ea for this system.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Please see the attached chart. The bar in question is only 31 pips long while atr is close to 70 (7/23 00:00 candle) If I am mistaken please point it out. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #314 ---
My charts also showed a 68 pip signal bar.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
appreciate your help Longbar

--- 帖子 #316 ---
LongBar

Welcome to FF and MrEd's trading system.

Great job indeed. Nice and clean code

If you don't mind I'd like to point a couple of things out.

I like the fact that you hardcoded the HA parameters. However, for backtesting and optimizing purposes it could be beneficial to have these as external definitions. same goes for the ATR period when calculating the signal or the % bracket for the ATR span.

to me it seems you're taking the ATR from the current candle. shouldn't this be the previous one (line 179)?

i really hope you don't take this as "well, i did such a hard work and now this guy shows up and just wants and wants and wants...". i could add this probably myself, but i don't want to see a gazillion of modifications and at the end nobody knows which is the version that works.

keep up the good work (i mean it!) and be prepared to be crushed by a exponentially growing list of requests  and please, don't say i didn't warn you

AZBOfin

--- 帖子 #317 ---
I can't tell from looking at your chart how long it shows the bar to be.

It's the last white one, about 4 bars back.

It looks plenty big- mine was 72 pips.

The one to its right is 31 pips, on my chart. I'll bet that's what you're looking at.

That is one bar too late.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Hi Billbss and Pipologist

I have attached what I saw on AUDJPY It looked a good trade to me so I am now trailing things.It looks like there were some others as well last night but I haven't had time to check yet. Hopefully things will continue in this trend and we can recoup those lost pips.

Remeber the signals vary with the chart setup. Attached Image

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Hi Chris

Just tried the indicator, it works great. Certainly makes life easier at a glance.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Thanks AZBOfin - I appreciate your constructive feedback!

I am going to make the HA and ATR period parameters external so one can play around for optimization if desired.

Good spot taking the ATR from the current bar - will have a look at it as well and fix it.

I take your warning: so from now on I will have to limit reading forum threads and answering emails to avoid too much request reaching me!!!

Well, I am happy to spend couple of hours here and there on these requests but unfortunately beyond that, as usual, it will call for the word of contribution...

--- 帖子 #321 ---
I for one, am hoping you get it done in just a few hours then.

If i could help, i really would.

Juicyt

--- 帖子 #322 ---
The system has certainly redeemed itself this morning.

I've gotten back all of yesterday's losses and more.

I could have done better.

All of the trades were on yen pairs. I scaled down my lot sizes because of this. I missed quite a bit of profit, but I still think that was the right thing to do.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Hi Billbss

I agree caution is advisable after the last few days but I have to say I am relieved after this mornings efforts. Hopefully this will be a long trend that we can ride for a while.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #324 ---
I wasn't being cautious because of the last few days.

I was being cautious because all of the trades were on highly correlated pairs.

At 3% per trade, I would have been risking 12% of my account on the behavior of the Yen.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Hi MrEd.

Just want to bring this bit of info to your attention, I of course do not know how the HA display you use is coded but thought this info is good to be aware of when using the HA's.

I am not a coder so please judge the info for yourself.

http://www.forex-tsd.com/suggestions...tml#post286105

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Hi Billbss

My comment was with regard to the pairs themselves. Because of the way the pairs move it is not unusual to have a few bad trades and then a good trade. Multiple bad trades close together are usually because the market is ranging. When this happens all the pairs can get into synch together and then head off all at the same time. You then get hit with multiple trades on related pairs after a period of poor performance, such as we just had.

Although the data is purely mechanical I don't feel that risking a large % on one currency is ever advisable. It remineds me of using Martingales etc, and you can get seriously burnt in a short time this way.

I hope your are still in the trades.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Hi Tommy

Thanks for the input. I'm not sure how that impacts on the HA that I have used. I'm not a coder so maybe someone who has more knowledge would be able to help.

Thanks,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Too late

I put your EA on several H1 charts to watch her work in the simulator, just to see how she does things. In general she behaves pretty good. That's what they usually do at this young age

Some things need your immediate attention though.

You need to update the start() function because an active open trade should be closed at the presence of a new signal and the current if/else structure doesn't allow this. maybe an external parameter "CloseOnOppositeSignal=true/false" could make this really user friendly.

i had some instances where a trade kept going short until it finally hit the stop, even though there was a long signal and the HA candles changed color. in that case the EA should have closed the current trade no matter what and honored the new signal. needless to say this new long order went on for a long, long time.

Steve Hopwood wrote a nice trade manager (it's open source and it's available here at FF somewhere) for trades already in progress. i don't imply to copycat his work - by no means - but it could give some good ideas on how to manage SL, partial TP and more.

well, the two-hour parking-meter is up  i'll catch you later.

AZBOfin

--- 帖子 #329 ---
for your system it doesn't make a difference really, since we rely solely on the change of color and nothing else.

but it's true, the code is wrong, dead wrong.

AZBOfin

--- 帖子 #330 ---
I posted the corrected Smoothed Heikin Ashi indicator source file earlier in the thread.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
It makes a difference on his trailing stop method on short trades.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Thanks Steve and Azbofin.

As I have said before I know nothing about trying to code and am reliant on the expertise of good people like yourself. Have you any ideas about how to go about learning to code for MT4 (I realise that might like trying to learn how to do surgery from a book)? Still any ideas for an ontroduction would be helpful.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Hi Mr Ed,

I'm really enjoying your system.  Today certainly seems better than yesterday.  I've got usdjpy,eurjpy,eurgbp,audjpy open having already achieved TP1 on all of them. I'm on gmt +4 hrs so I caught the 0600 trades today.

The EA would certainly make life easier!

Thanks Mister Ed and everybody that has contributed.

Ian

--- 帖子 #334 ---
that's correct.

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Hi Ian

Thanks for your input. It seems that we have a number of interested parties who are all working together to improve things without changing the system. I like the idea of getting the indicator to work first and the getting the EA from this - but then I know nothing about coding.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #336 ---
LongBar wrote a nice piece of code. try to read it and understand (learn) what it does. i'm not a programmer myself but i can read code up to a certain extend. i guess a "book" is all i can offer  load the code into the MetaEditor and with help of the codebase you can get quite a bit out of it.

i remember the time in my earlier life, where i learned how to put "Hello World" on the screen in plain Basic on a computer the size of 4-door armoir but these days i'm more of a "user" person than a programmer. i still like to analyze code and help the programmer to improve their work though.

AZBOfin

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Thank you Mr Ed for this nice thread and interesting system. I have a question for you, do you have any backtest with daily charts? How it works?

I think that with daily charts works very well too.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Hello Mister ED,

Thank you for sharing your great system!

I am curious about discarding certain week days for some pairs.  How much of a difference does it make if all week days are traded (or certain weekdays omitted for all pairs)?

There could be a danger of curve fitting (delete some huge losses in the past selectively, and you have a great system?).

I hope that is not the case, and it would be great to know how big of a difference it makes if all week days are traded.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Hi Mr ED.

I have developed a first alfa version of the EA for you system. It is open source so that everyone can look at the code and suggest new improvement.

because I saw that many others coder have done their work (good work), I ask you to decide what version should be continued.

Thanks,

Massimo

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Hi AZBOfin

Ah those were the days when you could go into the local electornics shop and write your name across the screen of all the computers when the assistant wasn't looking. Been there, done that. Unfortunately I am still stuck at that level of programming. However my seven year old will probably help me soon!!

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Hi Faust

I haven't really looked at the daily charts but it may work. You need to weigh the benefits of just one trade a day against the larger SL and TP needed. I would have to leave that up to you i'm afraid.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #342 ---
I wonder why eight people voted "Not worth trying"?

Seeing as this thread has only been going for eight days and the reason this thread was started was for the developement of an EA which has not been completed yet.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Mister ED, you have the indicator already: it's your system, it's your plan.

an EA does what you tell her to do - what you already do on paper, just automatically. the indicator as a stand-alone program just visualizes everything on the screen.

AZBOfin

--- 帖子 #344 ---
There are all kind of people here.

Run a poll and you get all kind of answers.

I wouldn't pay any attention to them.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Actually it's never that easy in practice.  Things that the system inventor does to enter and manage trades have to be nailed down.  Writing software involves asking lots and lots of nit-picky questions.  The answers are usually obvious to the inventor but aren't obvious to the implementer.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Also, people who have the "voluntary poll taker" personality type are frequently highly opinionated and not all that helpful.

I only answer polls if I'm paid.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Hi Bubo

I agree that the big problem that can arise is curve fitting. However I have based my changes on the results this year ie last 6 months. I feel that going over a longer period means that you may not be reflecting the current changing market, too short a period means you are just reacting to recent trades.

If all the days are traded it makes a difference eg for this month as of Tuesday I was looking at 2285 pips with the selected days and 1489 for using all the trades. Over the year so far it is 32007 for selected and 25116 for all trades.

The difference I feel is significant for 2 reasons 1) you get more pips 2) you leave yourself exposed to the market for a shorter period and this should increase the safety of the system.

These are just my thoughts on things.

Good luck,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Thanks Massimo

I will have a look tonight.  I may not be the best peron to look, but I can try.

All the best and thanks for your help,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #349 ---
I hope you caught my typo.

I wouldn't pay any attention to them

--- 帖子 #350 ---
I am not sure why some people have felt this way. However for me it is just an indicator to see if there is enough interest to get an EA developed. So far I feel we have a good chance so we keep going.

There is a lot of great input from people and none of the bickering that I have seen in many threads. Long may it continue.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #351 ---
I agree. It's amazing how hard it is to clearly set the system down in words.

I remember an exercise at school where we had to describe to someone exactly how to brush their teeth. That started arguments that went on for years!

Still these things are a good discipline as it has got me to look at the system from different view points. There are further areas to develop but I feel the base is solid.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #352 ---
IMO it's people who tried this system on shorter timeframes like 30M or even shorter. because HA is lagging it never will turn into profits on these short TFs because of all the noise and volatility. the key is to work with the higher TFs like 4H and up. catch a trend, ride the wave and don't be afraid if it goes a few pips against you midterm.

MisterED works with some sort of partial profit taking and trailing. this way he can go all the way. if you close purely at the first stage (the ATR based TP) you won't make much. the loosers offset the winners. i did some backtests with LongBar's EA and it shows that without some sort of trailing and partial profit taking this system isn't the moneymakingmachine it could be. MisterED has proven exactly this. he enters always two orders and closes the first one on TP and let the second one run. with an EA you could close a part of the initial order and you don't need two separate orders like with manual trading.

trade at least the 1H chart, better the 4H. you won't have as many trades and it won't be that exciting either. but it is stressfree and steady, and you will have time for your family next to trading (keeps the wife happy).

AZBOfin

--- 帖子 #353 ---
that's why we will fill LongBar's inbox in a short period of time. input, input, input

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Very good day AJ, GJ, EJ and UJ make big profit (good system thks Mister ED)

Zuma

P.S Fridey i post weekly summary

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Mr Ed,

Where are you putting your SL on EUR/JPY and USD/JPY?

The previous wick looks too far away.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
As per AZBOfin feedback I made the HA and ATR parameters external, so backtesting to experience with settings are available now.

Also the period for the EA to check for triggers is now a parameter which makes the backtesting across different timeframes in one go easy.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
To be honest the EA intentionally did not check for new triggers while another trade was open. Hmm, I guess I missed this part of the strategy description

Thanks pointing this out - will restructure the EA to implement this counter-trigger situation.

I got a few trades closed with profit running the EA on a demo account since last night - nice!

--- 帖子 #358 ---
I'm not sure that opening new positions on new triggers with a position already is part of the system as described by Mister Ed.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Hi Billbss

I am trailing them from the top of the HA wick still. I agree that this is a fair distance away but I find that this gives things room to run.

I suspect that things will stall for the next few candles but I will be slowly upping the SL as the candles unfold.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Hi Steve

I do this if a trade triggers and then reverses quickly, before the original trade has closed.

I will look out some previous trades and post pictures as it can be hard to clearly explain without pictures.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #361 ---
I could not agree more - I am in the software industry for 20+ years and learn every day this lesson

My approach is rather to start with small, test it out (I mean whether the implementation is in line with the inventor's idea) and then build it on for the next iteration/idea. In the short term may look slow progress but helps to sync up faster and eliminates dead ends faster...

--- 帖子 #362 ---
A good approach to extreme programming. Sure in mt4 J(N)Unit is missing ;-)

--- 帖子 #363 ---
nice work - does this work with 5-digit feed?

also, a PSAR filter would be useful

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Yes, work with 4 and 5 digits...

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Massimo.

I am getting and error 130 on my sell orders in bact testing.  Must SL or TP may be outside broker limit.

Dave R.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
What error do you have? What platform version?

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Made a few improvements and bug fixes: The EAPeriod implementation picked up the 1H timeframe instead of the 4H   This is fixed now - double check the parameter settings once this new EA is installed to go for the right period: set EAPeriod to 6 Added trailing stop implementation. A bit tricky as the original SL value had to be stored persistently to be able to pick up the trade any time later. Comment filed is used for this which is not a beauty - any better ideas please let me know  As usual, little to not much testing was done, so do not be surprised if issue shows up...

OK, that's for tonight from me! Enjoy.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Hello Longbar,

Many thanks for your wonderful work.

Regards,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Hi Longbar

Thanks for all the work. I hope to try things over the weekend.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Thanks LongBar i look forward to testing it and appreciate the efforts.

I have been running the other ea posted and as basic as it is (not to program i'm sure) and as average the pair i am using it on has been, it is still in profit this week on 1hr chart.

Juicyt

--- 帖子 #371 ---
EA does not open any trades in strategy tester.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
This EA opens trades, but their timing is not right. A few trades on the next chart, green lines = long, red = short.

Guys, do you test your creations in strategy tester at all before you publish them!!??

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Please ensure that you set the EAPeriod to 6 to operate on 4H time frame. This was a bug in the previous version which picked up the 1H time frame for trigger generation - resulting in the above issue.

I understand your frustration - these EA's are early birds so full with potential problems. For development purposes I use backtest period of July in both visual and non-visual mode to verify basic functionalities. Before I release the next version I run the EA for this year as well. But again, we are in implementation mode so keep this in mind

Keep up providing good feedback as that's the way improving things!

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Hi LongBar,

I just run it on a 5min chart to see what happens and it didn't enter the sell trade (eurusd) can you tell me what I need to change to get it to work on that time chart?

Thanks, Juicyt

--- 帖子 #375 ---
These are the current optimisation setups (NB these will change over time and are not fixed, they must be altered and monitored all the time by the trader)

GBPJPY         -           trade every day
GBPUSD        -           trade only Monday, Tuesday
EURJPY         -           trade Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday
EURUSD        -           trade Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday
USDCAD       -           trade Monday, Friday
EURGBP        -           trade every day
AUDUSD       -           trade just Monday

AUDJPY        -           trade every day

NZDUSD       -           trade Monday, Friday

USDJPY         -           trade every day

Gold                -           trade Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday

Hi Mister Ed

How do you minitor and alter them to your preference. Do you look at your results for each specific pair on a monthly basis and analyse it's performance on that particular day, if they performed badly, would you see other days where it has performed consistently? For example AUD/USD which is traded every monday, just say that has maded losses on all occasions during the month, but every Tuesday of the month is had made profits, would you change.

Would like to know how exacltly you'd go about this task.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Hi Jahual

I will go over how I have done this during the weekend, busy at work at the moment.

Looking to enter long trade on EURGBP in about 10 minutes.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #377 ---
I just entered a short trade in Nzd/Usd which the candle closed at 1600 metatrader time. The red HA already appeared few candles back however i only enter after the signal candle is a down bar as well.

Signal candle = 30

ATR = 44

between 50% - 200%

Hope for a nice trade.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Hi Juicyt,

Set the EAPeriod to 2 to run the EA monitoring for trigger on the 5M time frame. Please ensure you use the v0.3.0 of the EA.

Let me know how it goes!

longbar

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Oh i didn't really know what those numbers before the times meant. Thanks, that worked just fine.

I'll let you know how it goes.

Juicyt

LongBar, could you please let me know what the take/profit & stop is set to? I couldn't really understand what you wrote previously and It might save me waiting around to see it activate. Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Sorry LB, I think I made a mistake and used wrong settings for the HA visible on that earlier chart. This chart with right HA settings looks ok, trades are opened correctly.

But, the problem is that the ea is not profitable. Those 9 trades on the chart cause roughly a 10% loss. If I use longer testing periods the result is the same.

So either the ea does not manage trades properly or the system is not that good after all.

Could you, or someone else check the trade management implmentation and verify that it also does in practice what it is supposed to do.

P

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Hi LongBar,

The trades enter well but the stop just activated and the candle moved maybe 2 pips. I don't really know why it moved and took me out of the trade.

For the take profit / stop, could you possibly take 1/2 (partial) profit at 1x or 2x the ATR and let the rest run until an opposite signal generates?

It's almost there I think.

Infact whilst I'm asking is there any way to make the ATR multiply (by 2 for example) as i think that should be adjustable to suit different time frames. 6pip stop is just not enough on a 5min chart for example.

Thanks again. Juicyt

--- 帖子 #382 ---
This is just my opinion.

Most (if not all) brokers will not guarantee stop losses over a weekend.

There is presently a working EUR/GBP trade. It appears there will be a long EUR/USD at the close of the next bar.

If the market gaps Sunday night, you could lose much more than you count on. EUR/USD seldom gaps more that 25 pips, but it could.

If you're trading for real money, it could hurt.

I would either not take late Friday trades or close all trades before your broker closes today.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Hi Chris

I have used your indicator and it helps a lot. Could you make another that uses the figures from the current bar's data?

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Hey Juicyt,

The TP & SL settings are calculated according to Mister ED's strategy - see the document at the first post. Those are based on ATR(20) values belonging to the trigger bar.

longbar

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Hi Piglet,

The EA does not fully implement the strategy as of now. Provides the basic entry and trailing stop features, but lacking of counter-trigger, retracement trigger trades, also money management is not there yet.

Mister ED has other rules like which pair is traded on what days & bars. These are yet to be incorporated and would alter the results I guess. I am though very interested to see how the results change along the future improvements of the EA - will see

LB

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Hi Juicyt,

Makes sense to factor up/down the ATR based SL value for other time frames. I add this to list of EA feature improvements.

Thanks for the idea!

LongBar

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Ok, that explains it. Looking forward to those enhancements...

P

--- 帖子 #388 ---
This might work.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Hi Mr Ed,

Thanks. I changed the SL's to follow the HA High for (Longs) and HA Lows (short).

Note if the TP gets hit the SL then is adjusted and the gold SL line continues to be displayed as long as it is not hit.

There is one one trade at a time for this indicator. When I make the EA I'll support multiple concurrent trades.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
I'm pretty sure someone mentioned this earlier in the thread but there is a problem with the alerts.

The alerts are sent at the very second the heiken ashi bar changes. The problem with that is, the bar can change from long to short multiple times before it closes. It will essentially flood your pop up box before the bar has ended.

Ideally, we need the alert to sound when the bar has closed with a different direction. Would be quite handy if a programmer could do this.

Thanks for the great work

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Todays improvement is the counter-signal: ongoing trade gets closed and a new in the opposite direction is submitted if the HAS changes colour as per the strategy rule.

Also some minor features like waiting for MT to download chart data if not yet arrived to avoid unexpected trades right at EA start up - at least I hope this would be resolved now.

Seems to me the EA is profitable on EURUSD using the daily time frame while not so positive on the 4H TF for the year 2009 backtest

Have a good weekend!

--- 帖子 #392 ---
I for 1 don't have the first clue how you do it, but i do appreciate the effort you put into it.

Thanks LongBar

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Thanks Juicyt!

I like Mr ED's system and am very curious to get experience with it - hoping for good.

"Unfortunately" I am able to create EA's so this one cost me some long nights alright...

Am about to do some longer term backtests over the coming days, will come back with summary if worthwhile

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Results of the Week

Last week, trade 20.07.2009 - 24.07.2009, I received a 699 pip

It could get more, I'm not sold on Monday gpbusd I incorrectly calculating the length of candles (it was the first day of trading on the system)

Also, I have not designed the entrance to the eurgpb when the candle was more than 200%, whereas there was no need to buy and I have lost 25 * 2 pip

But I avoided the loss of audjpy I did not like the candle she was singing a hammer and I did not sell, of course the next candle, too, was a hammer but the deal has daily and weekly trend

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Hi ZumafX,

Can you post your account statement with the trades you did this week?

I would Love to see what I missed.

I am down on points overall, lost 81 pips for the week.  I made 331 but lost a load on the 22nd.

I must admit I wasn't opening 2 trades at first so I didn't get the advantage of TP2.

Thanks,

Ian

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Is it.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
There is a new parameter ExitMethod to drive how the ongoing order gets closed off: Value 0: fixed TP is submitted which is the same as SL (=ATR) Value 1: No TP submitted but trailing SL used on new HAS bar This could be also used for MT optimization passes (set Start/Step/Stop to 0/1/1) to compare EA setup(s) with different exit methods in an automated way.

LongBar

--- 帖子 #398 ---
statement

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Hammer?

Daily and weekly trend?

What system are you using?

--- 帖子 #400 ---
If you've done some programming before, just try and take an existing indicator or script and modify it ..

If you haven't, then a book may be a better start.

sezor

--- 帖子 #401 ---
I added two new features to the EA: Statistics summary of trades on hourly basis ATRMultiplier new parameter to scale SL up/down When statistics summary is enabled a text file is created at the end of the backtest execution (or when the EA is removed from a live chart). This will show for every day on hourly basis the trade results in pips. This is a sample output:

Date;H0;H1;H2:H3;H4;H5;H6;H7;H8;H9;H10;H11;H12;H13;H14;H15;H16;H17;H18;H19;H20;H21;H22;H23;Total;CrossCheck

2009.01.07;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;-124;0;0;0;-124

2009.01.08;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0

2009.01.09;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;149;0;0;0;149

...

2009.07.20;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0

2009.07.21;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0

2009.07.22;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;0;-52;0;0;0;-32;0;0;0;-84

2009.07.22;169;0;0;0;222;0;0;0;-207;0;0;0;-227;0;0;0;-575;0;0;0;-312;0;0;0;-930;-930

For each line the last column is a line total. The very last line shows the sub-totals per columns/hours and then a grand total.

This way we can analyse the trade results in great detail - I believe this is an important element of Mister ED's strategy

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Just want to to clarify how you'd execute the EA. I did the following:
Put it in my experts folder (in my demo account) Opened it on my platform through EA folder, applied it to live trading

I trade with forex.com and they have 'FXF' after every pair name (see attached).

Would the EA work like this or should I use a broker which simply has the pair name?

--- 帖子 #403 ---
You are working hard on your ea, so I stop developing further mine.

If you need some help don't esitate to ask.

Nice work,

Massimo

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Hi jahual89,

Just as with any EA place it into your experts folder within your MT installation, restart MT and then drag & drop the EA from the Navigator panel (Ctrl+N) on to a chart. For backtesting purposes use the Strategy Tester (Ctrl+R).

The market name postfixes should make no difference to the EA - though I did not test it on other than Alpari UK demo account

LB

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Thanks Massimo, I appreciate your efforts as well. I am sure I am going to run out of steam sooner or later

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Thanks to suggestions from AZBOfin I incorporated a new feature of partial position closure when TP1 is achieved. This is a new ExitMethod (=2) to the EA and the PartialClosePct specifies the percent of the lots to be closed. The existing trailing stop logic is applied to the remaining position.

LongBar

--- 帖子 #407 ---
LongBar,

How does your EA decide which H4 bar to use?   Does it use GMT?  I don't see any parameter for the user to set GMT or broker offset.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #408 ---
LongBar.

Great job on the EA perfection.

Higher TFs are not my type of trading, but slowly it gets challenging.

Good job, Mister Ed on keeping it all understandable.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Have you included some code in the EA to check to see if the current price is within an X amount of pips from a certain MA before placing the order?  I use MA10 as my guideline and won't let the EA place the trade if it is more than 10 or 15 pips away from that.

I ran it in backtest from the start of the year, and on a $10,000 account, it ended at $400 up.  How have your results been so far?

Good work on the EA!

--- 帖子 #410 ---
What time frame does this EA work best on? since it uses a 4hr bar I'm guessing it works on a 4 hr or higher time frame.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
What is the Indicator SMHelp? Should it be on of off?

I am going to test your ea on a demo account.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Hi nubchai,

The EA implements Mister ED's entry which is based on HAS colour change over the last 2 or 3 bars - see the first post for details. Time zone at this stage is not considered.

LongBar

--- 帖子 #413 ---
LongBar  thanks.   I misunderstood the entry criteria.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
does this EA include Fib retractment entry method?

--- 帖子 #415 ---
No. The retracement entry and the money management bits are not implemented so far.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Hi LB

I would like to thank you for your hardwork towards this project.

I read about everything but when it comes to coding, I am lost.

Thanks from

John in Durban

PS. Can you teach me how to code my bank manager?

Many pips to all

--- 帖子 #417 ---
I loaded the Ea but shows this message:Warning get HA Values. HAS returned 0 value.

What do I do?

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Hi All

It looks like the EA's are progressing well. I haven't had a chance to run them fully so farbut there is lots of great input.

I have attached a screenshot to show how I trade things when the HA bars change incompletely during a trade. Here the HA wick ir red and the body blue. When the current HA candle closes I would bring the SL up from the current 0.6530 to the bottom of the lowest bar since the original trigger ie about 0.6535.

It's not much of a change but I figure the HA is telling me things might reverse and so I like to tighten things up.

Seems like a little bit of indecision in the markets today with a hammer on cable.

Up and down for the past week or so. However these last weeks of months can sometimes be quite valuable until the uncertainty of the first week of the next month. Things can often be more difficult for a system like this during the slower summer holiday period, but it tends to pick up going into September.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #419 ---
These are the current optimisation setups (NB these will change over time and are not fixed, they must be altered and monitored all the time by the trader)

GBPJPY         -           trade every day
GBPUSD        -           trade only Monday, Tuesday....

A good idea to make it easier to alter and monitor all the pairs to find the right days for each pair is to use some sort of a daily range indicator which will give you the range of 11 markets of every day of the week averaging the past 3 months. So you'll get the average daily range of every day of the week for the past 3 months (presuming that's what Mister ED uses).

We can also have parameters, e.g. anything that has a range below 300 (or whatever day that is deemed not profitble) will be displayed in red and green for good range days.

So for example the tuesday for usd/jpy is showing below what we deem as profitable, we will not trade usd/jpy on tuesday.

We will base the days we trade which pairs on which specific days using this indicator.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Do you bail out of a trade when you get an opposite signal?

I assume you do, but I don't think that has been mentioned.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
I'd go about it like this; check the indicator at the start of the week, and whatever days it recommends for each specific pair, you'll stick to them during the week. This is looking at the long term performance of a pair on a particular day so it should be quite obvious that you just woudn't use it to just exit a specific trade.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Hi Billbss

As you know these are tricky. It does depend to a degree on the state of the market. If things are flat and you keep bailing every time the opposing signal comes up you can burn through money.

If say I am currently going short and a long trade signals I will bring my stops in on the short trade and place an order to open the long trade if the signal candle high is broken. I will see if I can get a chart to show this. As I say this is most likely when the market is flat and ranging eg during a holiday etc.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #423 ---
I don't understand what you mean.

NZD/USD is tradable on Mondays.

If a Monday offers two trades on it, why wouldn't you take them?

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Did you do it this way in your backtesting?

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Yes, that's if the indicator recommends Mondays for NZD/USD. Trading by the manual and ensuring you keep it mechanical as possible, I think you should.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Yess

--- 帖子 #427 ---
This could happen if you attach the EA to a chart with a period different to the one the EA is configured to run on, see EAPeriod setting. In this case MT may not have the specific data available at the first time when the EA refers to that period, say checking the ATR indicator value on period 4H (while the EA is attached to 1H chart). But from that point on MT should start downloading the missing data so the warning message should not repeat.

So what you have to do is to wait and see that the EA will start working properly after a few ticks, once MT downloads data for that period too.

Also you could double check the EAPeriod setting to see that you are running against the period you really intended to.

--- 帖子 #428 ---
EA v 5 or 6 - exit method 1 trailing stop on HAS doesnt run....

bj

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Hi brainjt,

When I run backtest on EURUSD over the period of July the trailing stop feature looks fine to me.

Could you provide a bit more details of your issue? Chart/TF used, EA settings and period of time you are testing, so I can reproduce the problem.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #430 ---
look pictures, set up ......and SL without trailing on HAS

bj

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Please note that the trailing will kick in only when TP1 has been reached. You are in good shape to reach the TP1 soon (provided no reversal happens  ) so after that the trailing will move the SL with every new bar. Hope the markets will be with you

--- 帖子 #432 ---
I've had longbar's latest EA activated to all the pairs and also gold on my demo account since sunday evening, it's now monday night and no trades have been executed.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Money management feature is added.

To turn off set MoneyMgtMethod = 0

To turn on set MoneyMgtMethod = 1

When turned on set the TradeRiskAccPct = 3 in order to risk 3% of the balance for the next trade.

Pips to All!

--- 帖子 #434 ---
I do not see comments on the chart which should appear at every new candle hence I suspect there is something wrong with MT. Could you restart MT (quit and start up again) just to ensure it is properly hosting the EA's?

--- 帖子 #435 ---
done that, don't think that's the problem. Just applied your EA 8.0 version, should there be comments now?

--- 帖子 #436 ---
I am very excited about this EA. I would like it if it could also have an option for a alert and email to be turned on and off.

I am going to try this on a 4 hr chart with ATRMultiplier set to 2.0

--- 帖子 #437 ---
I guess I should improve a bit the status feedback on the chart

Comments are provided on the chart for every new bar, so if you run it on 4H (EAPeriod=6) then you should see on your chart as well as in your Terminal's Expert tab something like this:

2009.07.27 07:00:06    MisterED GBPJPY,H4: INFO: CheckTrigger - no colour change in HA direction, no trade triggered (BUY,3:BUY)

If this does not show up in the Terminal window Expert tab then MT probably did not deliver incoming ticks, ie lost connection or frozen the connection to broker's server. This is what actually happened today on my test account with Alpari UK.

Unfortunately after MT restart it does not load up earlier log messages into the Expert tab - and you just did restart MT a couple of minutes ago. In this case go to the MT installation directory and take a look at the experts/logs directory. Open the file 20090727.log to see messages for yesterday... let me know if you see messages like the above.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
All sorted now. the only reason no orders were triggered is because i expected the ea to run as my computer was off, not the case as you need mt running.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
I, too, have had ver 7 activated but no trades. I see 100's of messages on Experts tab, but none on screen. Included are several error 130 attempts to open a trade:

"18:31:31 MisterED_v0.7.0 EURUSD,H1: INFO: CheckTrigger - HA colour change found, triggering SELL direction trade (SELL,2:BUY)

"18:31:31 MisterED_v0.7.0 EURUSD,H1: ERROR: CheckTrigger - order submit failed (MT Code: 130 Desc: invalid stops)

Wish I had programming skills so I could be more help, but I'm happy to test and report. It's looking very promising. Thanks for all your effort!

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Thanks for fast reply Longbar but I've loades EA on 4hr. chart and the option in EA priod 6 is correct for that.My exit strategy is 2, ATR multiplier is 1 and Stat method is 2. Do I need to set something else? EA on for 12 hours no trade and same message.

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #441 ---
now TP more than 1x1 ATR and no  move SL- necessary wait to 8,00 ?

bj thx

--- 帖子 #442 ---
This is where it gets "interesting"  These messages should make to the chart as well...

In order to investigate this would you attach the log files path to MT/experts/logs/20090727.log path to MT/logs/20090727.log Thanks!

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Please check out messages in the Terminal/Experts tab. I wonder if you see there any ERROR, WARNING or INFO entries?

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Yes, wait for the next bar, trailing SL happens on new bars only. I believe this is the way the strategy goes - Mister ED could you comment on that?

--- 帖子 #445 ---
LongBar

I did some extensive testing over the weekend (with version 0.6 though) and the EA runs great.

It's very difficult to get backtests done because as soon as I get results for the various pairs and TF's, you come up with an upgrade and the whole thing starts from scratch - which is a good thing though

So far, I came to one big conclusion: it all depends on money management. how many pips are you willing to risk on a trade and what is the risk/reward ratio. with some pairs I had to increase the ATRmultiplier to get my goal of a 20% ROI per year but then the drawdown increased as well so sometimes over 10%.

i am trying to find a good balance with the highest ROI and a max drawdown of 5%

partial profit taking is not always the best way. also it seems that for h4 and daily setups an shorter ATR period (<20) works better.

i'm quite busy right now with my J.O.B but as far as I can see with v0.8 you're on the right track. you're right, the status feedback needs some improvement. can you incorporate a variable that holds the current maxpipdrawdown during an open order? to know the drawdown over a period of time on closed orders is a good thing but it doesn't say anything about the drawdown during a trade.

ok, got to go... the wife is calling for the fourth time already

AZBOfin

--- 帖子 #446 ---
yes SL move,

now great profit, but i think that after so big movement it will be better fix profit before close next  candle? what dou you think?

bj

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Hi Longbar

Yes you only move the stops with the new bar to make it completely mechanical. You can move earlier but it becomes subjective and difficult to compare results.

Great work with the EA.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #448 ---
In experts tab it says 'cannot open HA smoothed' file from indicator.So I guess the HA smoothed hasn't been downloaded properly. Where can I find it? I downloaded it from this thread only.

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #449 ---
If you look up at the top right side of this thread where is say page 30 of 30 or something like that, the next box over you see 71 and a paper clip symbol.

That is all the attachments in this thread.  Click on it to open it and then click (hide images) and all the inidcators or experts will be listed newest to oldest.

Dave R.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Looking at your chart, it appears you are using the incorrect version of the idicator.  There are no tails showing.

You need to download the updated version or correct your version changing MODE_OPEN to PRICE_OPEN.  Do the same for CLOSE, HIGH, LOW.

Dave R.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
I've attached them with a txt ext. Forum doesn't allow .log files.

I think the display problem was because I had added the ATR_pips_comment indicator from this thread and it was in the upper left corner, same as your EA. When I remove the ATR indicator or start a chart and just add MisterEd (now ver 8) I eventually see the status and message. I miss having the ATR and 50/200 values shown on the chart. Is there any way to add them to your status info? Or allow the user to set your info in any of the 4 chart corners?

However, I'm still getting the error 130 invalid SL when it attempts to enter an order. I'm using FXCM and they have a 1/10 pip price. Could that be it?

Thanks again for all your effort.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Hi JRpips8,

Where did you leave the attachments?

As you mention FXCM, they offer no-dealing desk execution and their platform may not accept SL/TP values with the initial market order. The EA however submits market orders with initial SL & TP values which would conflict with their platform - so the issue you see. I wonder if someone could confirm this behaviour of FXCM MT platform...

If this was confirmed then the EA order management logic will have to be changed to submit market order w/o initial SL & TP, then as a follow up to the created ticket apply the SL/TP values.

Thanks for the idea of displaying the ATR and 50/200 values on the chart, this could be part of the status report improvement!

LongBar

--- 帖子 #453 ---
I've edited my post above: the original experts log attachment was about 19 MB, too large for the forum. I selected a representative part of the file and uploaded it.

FXCM does not allow MT4 orders to include SL/ TP. They must be added by modifying the existing trade. Is that the problem? Hope it can be fixed as I've been using FXCM for several years and am very satisfied with their service and quality. Would hate to have to go broker hunting, again.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
I extended the EA with a new feature to be able to perform market entry in two steps: Submit market order with no SL & TP Modify the new ticket to add the SL & TP To enable this feature set TwoStepOrderSubmit to true, otherwise keep this to false.

IMPORTANT: this feature is NOT fully functional as it will submit orders fine when everything goes right without errors. However NO appropriate exception handling logic is in place should the second leg of the market orders fail, ie the (successful) first order will have no SL or TP associated should the second fail! EA will stop in this case and this must be adjusted manually as soon as possible before EA is re-enabled.

Please check this out to see orders on FXCM now get through...

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Thanks longbar

--- 帖子 #456 ---
At the cost of looking naive I have to clerify the value of ATR and the calculations.

Suppose we get a color change candle of  EURUSD. The candle has its high as 1.41828 and the low is 1.41294. The ATR oscillator show its value as .0051 Now how to calculate if its a valid signal.

Your help will be greatly appreciated

--- 帖子 #457 ---
[/ATTACH]
Hi Bils

Your candle height is 53 pips (1.4182 - 1.4129). Your ATR is 51 pips.

A valid setup would therefore be a signal candle that is between 50% and 200% of the ATR value ie signal candle between 26 and 102 pips height. Your candle is 53 and therefore is a valid setup.

Beware at the moment there are some large candles with reversals immediately. Your candle pattern will depend on what time frame you are using. I have attached my chart to show that I had a different setup from you because of my server time.

Hope this helps,

Mister ED
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Hi All

I am very impressed with the fantastic effort that has gone on with the EA development.

There are some areas of the system that need looking at and I am trying to do this in my spare time. These include large bars with retracement trades for example.

Is there any way that you can add an indicator that can state the maximum retracement of the price that occured between when the HA signal occured and when either the TP1 is hit or the SL is hit. This could help by showing if it is better to place pending orders when a fresh signal arises or to just enter at the market price. This system relies on taking many trades and if the profit per trade and the SL per trade can be altered even by a slight amount it can greatly affect the longterm profitability.

I also have been looking at what other ways the SL could be altered to try to get as many pips that are on offer at a time. In the current short term markets it is hard to find the nice long trends that give us big pips.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #459 ---
I am tring this on 4hr and 1hr and it seems it enters to early and the color changes back every time.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
I've installed the new ver 9 on my FXCM demo account and will let it run overnight to see if it enters trades and follows up with a SL TP ( SL/ TP = 1.0 ATR).

It's been running for a few hours with a smiley face but none of the charts yet show the status info. I noticed ver 8 took some time before it displayed, as well. Is it possible to get a display as soon as the smiley appears?

--- 帖子 #461 ---
The EA ,v0.90, continues to initialize/deinitialize. All while chart remains open. Reason 5 is cause. Can't find the definition for this. I am using IBFX Demo. Any ideas?

--- 帖子 #462 ---
These are the current optimisation setups (NB these will change over time and are not fixed, they must be altered and monitored all the time by the trader)

GBPJPY         -           trade every day
GBPUSD        -           trade only Monday, Tuesday
EURJPY         -           trade Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday...

Hi Mister Ed

How do you minitor and alter them to your preference. Do you look at your results for each specific pair on a monthly basis and analyse it's performance on that particular day, if they performed badly, would you see other days where it has performed consistently? For example AUD/USD which is traded every monday, just say that has maded losses on all occasions during the month, but every Tuesday of the month is had made profits, would you change.

Would like to know how exacltly you'd go about this task.

Would be a big help to know how you personally would do this. I know I've asked for this before, but you coudn't find time to reply.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Would appreciate it if you would address the issue in post #461. Thanks

--- 帖子 #464 ---
just want to help, just wild guess

the EA requires Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed, please download and compile it, I think that might be the cause

you can get it from the paperclip sign on right hand top corner of this page

--- 帖子 #465 ---
have done that. Had made sure of having latest, corrected version, of HAS before posting the issue. Thanks

--- 帖子 #466 ---
I have reloaded the HAS which shows on the screen too but am getting the same message in 'experts' tab.Please help meout here.

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Hi Jahual

On each on the pairs I keep a couple of grids showing the breakdown of the trades that are taken. This allows me to see which days are the best and also which times are the best.
Attached File(s)   Trade time AUDUSD.doc

59 KB
|
468 downloads

As you can see Monday appears to be the best day so far this year. I tend to check all the pairs at the end of each month and then alter the optimisation accordingly.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #468 ---
God bless you

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Hi Mister ED,

I am not 100% sure I follow your description: "...Is there any way that you can add an indicator that can state the maximum retracement of the price that occured between when the HA signal occured and when either the TP1 is hit or the SL is hit...."

Could you show an example? Just to be on the same page

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Hi Pippopotamus,

Would you double check the exact file name and version of the indicator. The EA refers to "Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed" indicator, the very first one from this thread, not the one which was subsequently fixed.

I'll take a look to find the post number and come back here to leave a reference to that post.

longbar

Edit to add in the post number: See the very first post for the indicator required for the EA.

That was easier than I thought

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Based on the image looks to me you are using the fixed indicator as it has proper wicks both side of the HA body. The EA was so far tested with the "un-fixed" older version. I think this was discussed here and the conclusion was not to switch to the fixed version.

I am going to put the post number to the right indicator in to my previous post - please double check your indicator once I put the reference there.

longbar

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Hi Longbar

I may have not worded things that well as it was late at night. I am looking for a way to automatically print on the screen the maximum retracement that was made between when the signal was triggered and the first part of the trade closed, either at TP1 or SL.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the above trade for example (the second blue vertical line) the trade opens at 0.8168. Now this is eventually a winning trade but between the trade opening and reaching TP1 the price retraces by 22 pips.

If I can record these retracements easily from an automatic indicator then I can work out the average retracement of the winning trades before they hit profit. If it works out that almost every trade retraces by for example 15 pips before going in the right direction then it could be possible to reduce the SL liability by that amount and increase the profit made by that amount.

At the moment I have to do this manually and I've spent so long looking over charts that I thought it would be nice if I could get it recorded automatically on the screen.

It is not a major priority, more something to help with long term analysis.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Thanks Mister ED for the clarification - will give it a thought. Displaying this info on the chart for the ongoing trade is not a problem. Probably storing this info during backtest run in to the stat file would be the best in terms of evaluating the data. Though the accuracy such a backtest result would be not as good as the real-time forward testing.

Had a long day today so I will have to switch off now

Good night!

--- 帖子 #474 ---
I have reloaded the original indicator and have EA working. Will let you know how things work out.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
I did the same as Pippo. I am getting this message.What does it mean?

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #476 ---
looks like an incorrect trade entry has just been made on my E/J H1 chart: EA bought when HAS was positive, while candle close was negative. Error message...Check trigger, no color change in HA direction, no trade triggered (BUY,2Buy). However, a trade was, in fact, triggered.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
The trade you see on my chart was triggered by another EA. It is an old one which I'm holding on to.

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Hi Long Bar and Mr Ed,

I'm happy to say that the ea is working as per the rules albeit 1 day's worth of testing. However I'd like to know if the ea takes into consideration the pip value of the pair and the spread as well when calculating the lot size, stop loss and take profit for each trade? In the attached, take note of the profit of the JPY pairs compared to the AUDUSD trade (ignore the TFX trades).

Just offering my 1 cent observation.

Wilson.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Longbar,

Ver 9 has so far placed 30 trades with no errors on FXCM using the two-step for SL/TP. (Using fixed 1.0 lots and 1xATR for SL/TP, it's even in profit $2,800+ on H4 trading! Only 14 trades, but better up than down. H1 trades, unfortunately, don't look as promising: 16 trades, down $2,200+ @3% risk on 25k account. Of course H1 tf is not the method per Mr. Ed, but it gave me additional trades to test the two-step entry process.)

I'm expanding the H4 demo testing to include type 1 & 2 exit strategies, along with MM %. I'll keep you posted. So far it looks promising.

Any plans to incorporate the pair/ day of the week filter?

Cheers,

JR

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Hi Wilson,

For some reason I am not able to unzip the attachment.

Yes, pip value and spread are taken into consideration calculating the lot size for each trade. For the exact maths take a look at the SubmitOrder() and CalculateLots() function implementations - these would be fairly "readable" to follow. In the Navigator windor on the EA name use right click & select Modify to see the source code and find the "int SubmitOrder()" and "int CalculateLots(" lines.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #481 ---
I am glad to see you got the EA working with FXCM!

I think there are a few features on the TO-DO list: Improve status on the chart, includingDisplaying ATR, HA values Max drawdown so far in the case ongoing trade  Trade retracement trigger for 200%+ case Refine counter-trigger - currently EA shuts down ongoing trade when counter trigger shows up, but I think this is not exactly what Mister ED recommends Day of week filter In the next few days I do some travelling and now the prep so I am going to be a bit slow reading and responding. Never mind I'll take a look at this thread when there is a chance.

longbar

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Hi,

I'm looking forward to the enhancements.

Meanwhile, I'll be continuing the testing.

Hope the travels are to somewhere enjoyable.

JR

--- 帖子 #483 ---
You're right LongBar. The EA does take into consideration the pip value and spread when calculating the lot sizes.

By the way, have a safe and pleasant journey.

Wilson

--- 帖子 #484 ---
I test v 8.O

look results - only trades with profit last 3 days,

conclusions from previous and current testing: trailing on HAS isnt good, maybe better on candles

fixed ATR x 1 like SL and TP on ATR x1 looks optimal

please your opinion

in attachm. set up and results

bj

--- 帖子 #485 ---
3 days is not a valid test........

--- 帖子 #486 ---
you right - mode_ and price_ max/min cuts-off lower part (on up and down move (asymmetrically)

so how this change affects system performance overall?

--- 帖子 #487 ---
youre right, but  trailing on HAS the same time with big loss

bj

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Hi Longbar...

Thanks for the EA and your continuous improvements all along the thread.

I will be testing the EA for the full month of August on my broker and will submit the results (I also added the EZ to S&P 500 just because the back test looks good on it).

Would you be able to clarify the settings so we can try to ge the optimal settings to automate it according to Mr Ed's original method.

Does the EA open 2 positions with the ATR stop loss and 1 trade with the ATR take profit level. (I have followed the full thread and may be I missed out on the thread which may have mentioned that aspect... if so apologies).

Its just that it would be good to clarify all possible adjustments if we are going to do a test to get optimal results.

Thanks once again for the continuous effort in updating.

good week to all trading

--- 帖子 #489 ---
I've been following this thread with great interest, starting only a couple of days ago. I'm currently around page 12

Throughout several of the pages, I've seen the topic of time variance in regards to GMT time. This is something I've never seen discussed before. What is the importance of this issue please.

Is it important just to know what time your broker's on? Excuse my ignorance please.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Sorry for the previous post without a quote.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
With this version the status report on the chart has been improved. Now status is reported with every incoming tick. The current ATR value, the height of the bar and the ratio are displayed along with the time remaining to closure of the current bar. This should give a good quick overview at any time.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Hi dfxclub,

Mister ED suggests 4H period with a broker in certain time time zone. I would recommend to attach the EA to 4H period charts.

Most of the EA parameters have default value as per Mister ED's document from the very first post, so you probably do not want to change the EAPeriod, ATRMultiplier, HAS_MA?_Method, HAS_MA?_Period and ATRPeriod parameter values.

In terms of selecting exit strategy for a pair I am not sure which one to suggest - Mister ED could you step in and make suggestions?

Using the ExitMethod parameter you can select one of these: Value 0: fixed TP1, which is equal to SL (=ATR) 1: No TP1, instead trailing SL on every new HAS bar 2: Same as 1 but a percent of the position gets closed when TP1(=SL) profit reached In case of this last exit method the PartialClosePct defines what portion of the open position is to be closed off - as per Mister ED the default is half of it, 50%.

If you want money management activated then set MoneyMgtMethod to 1. In this case Mister ED suggests to take not more than 3% of the balance per trade as maximum loss. For this set the TradeRiskAccPct parameter to 3 (default).

The last parameter is for some ECN brokers where no SL/TP can be used for market orders. In this case set TwoStepOrderSubmit to true to make the EA submitting market orders without SL/TP and adjust those as a follow up orders after the first market order. Note this feature lacks some error handling and the EA may stop should specific order execution errors occur.

I hope this would assist you to get the EA up and running for the coming month...

Would approciate some results feedback in a couple of weeks from you

Longbar

--- 帖子 #493 ---
I should elaborate. I've been live trading for the last 8 months, but even when I demo'd, I used the same broker, IBFX on 0 GMT, so I have no familiarity with variables in GMT. I don't want to alter the thread, but I need to find out the importance of this. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Mr Ed can probably give you a better response.

I don't think it matters.

I believe Ed is using FXDD. You can download a demo from them and take the signals from it, if you want.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Thanks. I eagerly await his response. I've been shopping for a different broker as well. Double whammy.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
I switched over to FXDD a month or so ago.

I like them much better than IBFX. They don't jimmy the spreads like IBFX did and they aren't NFA- yet.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Hi Scuffer

I am not sure what affect the different server times have. I haven't tested the system on a different timezone. I use FXDD for my signals. This gives me signal candle closes that are about 30 minutes after some of the main releases that affect the market. They also fit in with my time zone in Atlantic Canada.

Apart from that there is no real reason. It may well be that it doesn't make any difference.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #498 ---
In terms of selecting exit strategy for a pair I am not sure which one to suggest - Mister ED could you step in and make suggestions?

Using the ExitMethod parameter you can select one of these: Value 0: fixed TP1, which is equal to SL (=ATR) 1: No TP1, instead trailing SL on every new HAS bar 2: Same as 1 but a percent of the position gets closed when TP1(=SL) profit reached In case of this last exit method the PartialClosePct defines what portion of the open position is to be closed off - as per Mister ED the default is half of it, 50%.

Hi Longbar

As you know I have recommended choice 2 so far. However this is really just because I have used this in the past. I am not sure that it is the best method but I was trying to get one that was easiest to put into an EA.

In truth when I trade the signals myself I do use some discretion, so there are some issues that need to be addressed.

Any other ideas on how to trail these open trades would be useful.

Thanks for all the great help with the EA. I am trying to test it out but life is pretty hectic at the moment.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #499 ---
OK LB thanks

Im using take profit 2 as per Mr Ed. Down loaded version10 now and set it up on my platform. Will run it for this month to see how results are.

One question in the set up the trades are set to 0.1 lot. If I use take profit model 2 with partial should I increase that to 0.2 or does it use the 3 % rule and open multiple lots?

cheers

--- 帖子 #500 ---
The Lots parameter is used only when money management is off, ie MoneyMgtMethod = 0.

If you want to follow Mister ED's system then you would want to enable money mgt and set MoneyMgtMethod to 1. In this case instead of using Lots the EA will calculate on the fly the lot size per trade according to TradeRiskAccPct value, ie taking 3% risk per trade. If you go for ExitMethod=2 then half of that lot size will be closed off when TP1=SL is reached and the other half will be eventually closed off by the trailing stop.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Thanks for that LB

So just for the record with teh EA I am using

Money Managemetn method 1

Risk per trade 3%

Exit method 2

I will run it like this so it matches Ed's mechanical mentality.

Will upload results as trades are taken... as at now no trades enterd.

Hope it works well.

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Longbar,

What does this message mean?

Thanks

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #503 ---
for some reason the EA is not loading correctly.

Please have a look at my screenshot with my settings. The EA is not displaying the funny face on my screen but just an x.

any ideas what I am doing wrong?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #504 ---
You don't have expert advisors clicked on up the top tool bar.

--- 帖子 #505 ---
thanks!!!

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Finally caught up to the last page. I've learned so much from this thread. Bill, that's exactly what I've been caught up in. Spread manipulation is killing me. That's my last personal statement.

Mr. Ed, hats off to you for a phenomenal system, and your willingness to share, and Longbar's extreme generosity as well.

-scott

--- 帖子 #507 ---
I just want to say thanks MisterED for a greata trading strategy and to al the guys have put and continue putting an effort in making the EA. I am currently trying the version 9.0 from skissors and version 8.0 on 2 different platforms.

I plan to demo them for a month and see what happens. So far 3 days in the results are nothing short of spectacular, but I realize that it's very short time yet.

My question for misterEd or any of the other guys is; when the EA opens up a trade it reaches the TP, is there any instance where at a later point the EA will get you into a trade again it the same colour HA continues far a while?

The reason I am asking is that I see that many times staying in the trade or getting into the trade again may increase the profits many fold.

Fatmirm

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Hi Fatmirm

You have started the thread at a very profitable time, it isn't always like this. The current trades look like they will go far. This is probably due to the start of the month and will probably last a few days until the next batch of economic releases later in the week. The trends will then either reverse or continue. These big trends are where the money is really made.

As far as reentering trades visually it can seem obvious. However if you try to make these decisions live it can be a different game. It is easy to burn your nice profit by trying to re-enter and getting it wrong.

It is also harder I feel to put this into a simple strategy. The aim is to have a low input steady strategy. It is not the only way to trade I appreciate and it may not make the maximum possible pips. However as long as it is steady and profitable it can just be left to provide a regular income. Compounding the results gives the mega bucks in my opinion and not trying to out guess the market. Take what is offered and go back for more later, don't grab everything at one time.

Well that's the end of my lecture!

Seriously I just aim to keep everything as simple as possible. Individuals can decide if or how far they want to develop things.

Enjoy,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #509 ---
LongBar,

I'm curious. Is it possible to use Heiken Ashi Mr Ed - Mark on my chart, renamed to _Smooth, and have the EA work correctly? Thanks.

-scott

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Hi Vinesh,

If you refer to the INFO message, the last line on the chart, then it means that the EA has evaluated the bars last time at 8am server time on the 3rd of Aug. Seems to me the 8am bar was developing into a red HA bar after that.

The point is that the two bars before the 8am bar were both blue, ie buy or long bars. There was not change in colour therefore there was no trade triggered. This is what the message is all about.

longbar

--- 帖子 #511 ---
LB,

Thanks for replying.

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #512 ---
LB

got a drama mate... attached are 2 pics one of error the other of bars. My broker time is not same as Mr Eds (I hope thats not a problem for the EA).

My broker is GMT + 3

It says Error: order submit failed. (MT Code: 131: invalid trade volume) [2009.08.04 03:59:58]

The pair is USDJPY

any ideas?

cheers

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Hi dfxclub,

Do not worry  Order handling may fail every so often. The EA will make another attempt when next tick comes in which is usually within a few seconds. In your case however the current bar has closed off in the meanwhile resulting in a new situation. The EA was started off at 3:59:58 sec of the current 4H bar which was actually next to a trigger bar. The order submit failed and the next tick came in with the new bar formed - this also pushed the trigger evaluation outside of detection. That's why you see the INFO message about "no colour change in HA direction"...

The way the EA works would allow trade triggering during the bar next to the trigger bar. I would suggest to have the EA up and running during all trade hours so any trigger gets actioned right at the beginning of the new bar after the trigger bar. This is what Mister ED recommends in the strategy description. Otherwise the entry could be too late and the price may have progressed greatly towards the TP1/SL points.

Hope this would make sense and explain your experience of the messages.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Thanks alot LB

Im running it 24 hours so far no new trades.

Will update forum as trades occur.

have a good week.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Hello ,

Thank you for sharing this system and the EA !

What does it do when the "exitmethod" is on 0 ? It means that is us who close the position ?

Thank you for the reply.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Wflori, please take a look at post 492 for details

--- 帖子 #517 ---
There is a new parameter to activate the EA on certain trading days: TradeDay.

This is a comma separated list of day names, include only those days you want the EA to perform trading. The full list, to get the EA trade on all days is:

Mon,Tue,Wed,Thu,Fri,Sat,Sun

If you want the EA to trade only Monday and Wed then set TradeDay parameter to "Mon,Wed".

Note: this is case sensitive, must be 3-character abbrev in all cases as seen above.

Mister ED has preferences for each pair on which days they should be traded. Now you can follow those recommendations in an automated way.

Have fun and pips!

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Hi Longbar

Thanks for your continued help. I have just run the EA on GBPJPY today. First time ever to do a test with an EA!!!!

Just a couple of things I need to check.

1) in the settings for PLC it saysExit method 3 only - should that be method 2 only?

2) when trailing with the HA candle do you use the middle of the HA candle or do you use the top when going long and the bottom when going short? Would it be possible to have a setting that allowed this to be varied?

3) Does the terminal have to always be switched on or could I close off my laptop on the way into work and start things up with the same settings when I get to work?

Please excuse the dumb questions but I am still very much an EA beginner.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #519 ---
One further question.

Is it possible to have a setting on a pair that just trades off a certain time candle? eg for me EURJPY is very successful on the 0:00 candle

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Nice add on LB with the days.

I added another trade from the USDJPY that was from yesterday. HA changed colour twice but again no trade was activated...

no other signals occurred yet so still waiting.

LB I was just wondering if its possible to add an arrow up or down with trade summary when the trade conditions are met?

So when HAS changes colour and the ATR condition is met we can have an arrow up or down with the below statement for example

enter buy at 1.4400 stop at 1.4350 TP1 at 1.4450 TP2 trailing.

just a thought... may be it may be possible to put all that in to one indicator too for manual trading... dont know Im not a programmer but just occurred

Also USDCAD turned blue so if continues awaiting entry via EA.

good trading guys

--- 帖子 #521 ---
USDCAD did not open either

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Sorry for being so clinically retarded but, regarding this:

2)Measure the ATR and the candle length (body and wick) on the signal candle

how on earth do I measure a candle? In what units? With what?

I've tried with a ruler but I don't think it's the proper way.

http://fotosa.ru/stock_photo/Reflexo/p_687505.jpg

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Measure the candle in pips. In MT4 there is a scale for measuring. Mine is activated with the scroll wheel on my mouse.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
I can't find it. Where is it?

--- 帖子 #525 ---
In your MT4 screen on a chart, click your mouse wheel. A cross hair will pop up. If you hold your left mouse button down, you can measure the length of a candle.

This is the wrong thread to discuss this. There are plenty of forums for newbies, so let's not hijack this thread.

-scott

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Just subtract the candle low from the candle high.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Hi dfxclub,

If your platform is on 24/7 then I would not expect trade attempts 2 seconds before 4H bar closure, rather I would expect a few seconds after new bar opening. Please check your log files to see whether MT was connected to the broker's server all along or there was some connection outage followed by login attempts. I would not be surprised if you would find login attempts just before the order submit in question (which failed).

longbar

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Mr Ed,

Are you planning on taking the USD/JPY short that's coming up?

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Thanks for your continued help. I have just run the EA on GBPJPY today. First time ever to do a test with an EA!!!!

LB: Congrats! The first steps are always the most painful ones - followed by fun

Before you trust the results double check the Modelling Quality in the Report tab, it should be 90% or just shy short of that. If you got less than 90% then do NOT trust the results though...

Just a couple of things I need to check.

1) in the settings for PLC it saysExit method 3 only - should that be method 2 only?

LB: Good spot! Indeed it should read as 2.

2) when trailing with the HA candle do you use the middle of the HA candle or do you use the top when going long and the bottom when going short? Would it be possible to have a setting that allowed this to be varied?

LB: HA wick high for long and HA body low for short used while trailing the stop. I add to the list to turn these into EA parameters.

Re this topic: do you think the fixed HAS indicator, which has proper lower wick, should be used?

3) Does the terminal have to always be switched on or could I close off my laptop on the way into work and start things up with the same settings when I get to work?

LB: Well, I had an always-on terminal in mind so far. To be honest if you started off the terminal & EA at the very beginning of a new bar then it probably would work - did not test it this way though...

Please excuse the dumb questions but I am still very much an EA beginner.

LB: better to ask rather than assuming things might turn out false

Thanks for the system!

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Hmmm, I just missed this part, although very important one...

Let me think how to add this to the EA.

Thanks pointing out!

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Hi dfxclub,

Could you double check the log files (path to MT/experts/logs folder) if there was a reason logged why the trade did not trigger? This could be like this message: "...signal candle outside 50%-200% range of ATR value..." The best wouldbe if you attach your log file to your post so I could review.

Re the arrow: the EA places market orders on the account (entry, SL, sometimes TP) and those will be marked on the chart with coloured triangles & lines already. When partial close of a position happens that is also marked with triangle and line from the open point on the chart. I was hoping that would give sufficient feedback to the user - I know its not perfect  What advantage do you see if further arrows would be placed around the existing marks?

Thanks for the feedback!

--- 帖子 #532 ---
dfxclub,

Could you attach the log files describing EA and MT activity for that day?

So I could evaluate and hopefully identify root cause.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #533 ---
I have a demo account, $1000 and in the ea is set to trade .02 mini lots.  But I keep getting error that not enough money to place a trade.

MisterED_v0.10.0 AUDJPY,H4: ERROR: SubmitOrder - order submit failed (MT Code: 134 Desc: not enough money)

I get the same error with money management "1" on and Risk at 3.0

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Hi Longbar

Great work from both you and Mister Ed!

I have followed this thread from the first day. I have loaded v.11 and it did not execute a trade at 2000 on the aud/jpy and the usd/jpy

I have attached the aud/jpy for you to see, the trade that you see on it was done manually by me, my computer was connected at time of trade and I believe I have all the settings correct

please advise

thanks for the GREAT work!

FXwest

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Hi, my version 11 placed a trade on AUDJPY and USDJPY at 0:00 FXDD time today.

Thanks MisterED and Longbar.

Jack

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Hi Longbar,

I'm testing all 3 exit methods with both a fixed 1.0 lot and a 3% risk, but not currently using the day filter because I'm accumulating data and want all possible trades included. I'll sumarize the results for everyone at the end of the month.

I expect to eventually reach similar conclusions as Mr Ed about pairs-best days/ no trade days and so will use the day filter to trade live.

I'll also second Mr Ed's request for a filter to trade selected candle times for each pair. His spreadsheet data suggests it might make a significant boost to the results, along with the day filter.

Is it getting complicated enough, yet?

When using exit 1 or 2 no TP or SL adjustment appears to be sent after the initial order. I assume the EA is waiting for the exit 1 TSL or exit 2 ATR/TSL's to trigger and then close the trade(s) at market.

A safety enhancement would be to have the EA transmit TSL adjustments as firm orders to the broker, so a loss of connection in the middle of a trade wouldn't result in a larger than expected loss. It would add enough peace of mind to allow trades to run overnight. Is it feasible? (I once lost my cable connection when a car jumped the curb and smashed the cable box for the neighborhood. I was lucky to be at the computer and notice the frozen price feed. I called the broker and closed the trade but if I had been away from the screen it would eventually have triggered my disaster SL, after first being well in to profit.)

Welcome back!

JR

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Hi Billbss

I did take this short live. But USDJPY has not been playing fairly over the last few days. I suspect things could range until NFP on Friday.

Still I am trying tostick with the system so have to take the rough with the smooth.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Longbar,

I used ver.10 for 4 days w/o having any trade. Now am trying out ver. 11. Lets see now fingers crossed. I am using MBT MT4 platform, who I think is ECN broker. Am I right?

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Hello Vinesh,

MBT demo goes down at times and it is still in beta stage. You might want to try another broker.

Regards,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Hi LB, mate below is a part of the log from 05082009, shit its long...  coz its long I couldnt put it all on here due to message character restirctions... but the messages are the same just with different pairs. I did PM you the whole log and I can email it if you wish but I dont have your email mate.

thanks for all the effort LB. I have version 10 uploaded. Last night my computer rebooted while I was asleep due to windows update so I turned it on again. Will continue to review it.

Have a good one

22:00:19 MisterED_v0.10.0 AUDUSD,H4: INFO: SubmitOrder - new SELL order at bid:0.84040000 , entry:0.84040000 SL:0.84490000, TP:0.00000000 Lot:1.67000000, ExitMethod:2

22:00:19 stdlib AUDUSD,H4: loaded successfully

22:00:19 MisterED_v0.10.0 AUDUSD,H4: ERROR: SubmitOrder - order submit failed (MT Code: 131 Desc: invalid trade volume)

22:00:19 MisterED_v0.10.0 EURUSD,H4: INFO: CheckTrigger - no colour change in HA direction, no trade triggered (BUY,2:BUY)

22:00:19 MisterED_v0.10.0 EURJPY,H4: INFO: CheckTrigger - no colour change in HA direction, no trade triggered (BUY,2:BUY)

22:00:19 MisterED_v0.10.0 GOLD,H4: INFO: CheckTrigger - no colour change in HA direction, no trade triggered (BUY,2:BUY)

22:00:21 MisterED_v0.10.0 GBPJPY,H4: INFO: CheckTrigger - no colour change in HA direction, no trade triggered (BUY,2:BUY)

22:00:22 MisterED_v0.10.0 USDJPY,H4: INFO: CheckTrigger - HA colour change found, triggering SELL direction trade (SELL,2:BUY)

22:00:22 MisterED_v0.10.0 USDJPY,H4: INFO: CalculateLots - lots to risk (24537.09000000, 736.11270000, 410.74249605, 1.79000000)

22:00:22 MisterED_v0.10.0 USDJPY,H4: INFO: SubmitOrder - new SELL order at bid:94.95000000 , entry:94.95000000 SL:95.34000000, TP:0.00000000 Lot:1.79000000, ExitMethod:2

22:00:22 stdlib USDJPY,H4: loaded successfully

22:00:22 MisterED_v0.10.0 USDJPY,H4: ERROR: SubmitOrder - order submit failed (MT Code: 131 Desc: invalid trade volume)

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Mate no dramas then... since I didnt open a position yet I didnt see any of those.

And I guess for those who like to enter the trade manually then they can select manual confirmation from EA options.

Hopefully I will open a trade soon and see how it works.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Seems like the U.S dollar is showing a significant weakness on the long term. Very long term (months). The monthly candles have both closed on EUR/USD and CAD/USD. Both indicate a weak U.S dollar. The AUD/USD had already indicated a weak U.S dollar as of last month. And the GBP is also turning bullish against the dollar as of this month (not closed yet).

The monthly time frame is perhaps not ideal but just giving a heads up. Especially because 4 major pairs are indicating a weak U.S dollar for long term.

Charts below.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
LB

AUDUSD just opened up after I added v11.

However I had not yet set the parameters to money management 1 and Exit method 2 so it entered 0.1 lot BUY.

Afterwards I amended all the pairs to MM 1 and Exit 2 so will see how it goes. My server time is 8am bar right now ie GMT -3 or London -2.

At least it got opened  pheww...

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Longbar,

Look at this.Do I open trade manually?

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Hi FXwest,

Seems to me the problem is with the lot size used to submit the market order - same issue what dfxclub has based on the logs I received.

Please let me know what broker you use so I can have a look at it.

Until I fix the EA you could turn off money management and set the Lots parameter to a valid lot size just to get in the orders.

longbar

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Hi Vinesh,

Please have a look at the expert log folder and search for messages like these:

22:00:19 MisterED_v0.10.0 AUDUSD,H4: INFO: SubmitOrder - new SELL order at bid:0.84040000 , entry:0.84040000 SL:0.84490000, TP:0.00000000 Lot:1.67000000, ExitMethod:2

22:00:19 MisterED_v0.10.0 AUDUSD,H4: ERROR: SubmitOrder - order submit failed (MT Code: 131 Desc: invalid trade volume)

This would suggest that the broker platform is not comfortable with lot size of 1.67. If you see these then we know what to fix.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Hi dfxclub,

The problem is the broker does not like the lot size of 1.79 above. Let me know what broker do you use so I can take a closer look to work around this.

In the meanwhile you could use the Lots parameter with money management off to get the EA submitting orders.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Hi Mister Ed, I am happy with the system, and have been trading it live in my dime acccount.

Quick Question?   When the first Atr profit target is hit shortly after entering the position like what just happened on th USD/JPY do you wait until the 4 Hour bar closes to move your trailing Heikin Ashi stop up, or if you are around ,or have an alert set ,would you move it up as soon as you have been notified that your 1st position profit target had been reached.

Thanks for The Clarification

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Hi Longbar

My broker is FXCM

Thanks

FXwest

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Hi Pipquest

I would move the trailing stop up as soon as I had seen the TP1 triggered. I'mot sure if this is done on the EA but it is what I do manually.

Not such a good start to the month but that's the way it goes. It should improve next week as the NFP etc results will be out of the way. This was the same in June and things did much better as the month progressed.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Hi Longbar

I increased lot size to .50 and it executed a trade on Eur/Usd

moneymangt off, so it did not have a TP1

but it did have a SL

FXwest

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Hi LB

My broker is Forex Place www.4xp.com

the interesting thing is when I did not apply the money management a trade did open but after I changed the money management settings to 1 and exit method to 2 then no trades opened up and today a few more trades should have opened...

Do you think I should try without money management?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #553 ---
This is a minor version 0.11.1 improving the lot size calculations for brokers with other than 0.01 lot size step, ie for FXCM and I guess for MBT and 4xp.com.

dfxclub, vinesh & FXwest: could you check this out with money management on that lot size now is calculated right for your platform and orders get through?

I tested with FXCM but not with MBT and 4xp.com, however there is a good chance that all of them would work now.

Note: also corrected the help text Mr ED spotted recently.

Have plenty of pips!

--- 帖子 #554 ---
LongBar, I marvel at your energy,dedication, and generosity. Thanks for all of your fine work on this EA.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
I've attached an optimization record sheet which I've just started but still needs finishng. Hope everyone can find this useful. If anyone decided to put the formulas in the totals section and decided to share their records for the past month (June - July), that'd be great

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Hi Mr Ed

Great system and Of course Longbar for his excellent work!

do you exit trades the night before or at sometime before a big monthly report such as the Non farm labor report due out tomorrow

as that may be the cause of the turmoil in the system this week

thanks

FXwest

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Many thanks for the new version. I have loaded it just now. Today should be 'intersesting' day to try this out. I'll keep my fingers crossed and all of you informed how it does.

btw. what is 'sm. help'?

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Hi FXwest

As far as the back testing results are concerned I have not closed the trades early. In the real life situation I may close early or at least bring the stops in. Sometimes things will move very fast and gap through the stop so it may be better to just close the trade and live to fight another day.

I'm not taking any new trades until after the NFP this time.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Cheers LB

uploading it right now...

one question... the lot size remains as 0.1 am I correct?

have a good w/e guys...

--- 帖子 #560 ---
The help text refers to PLCHelp "parameter" which was describing ExitMethod=3 instead of ExitMethod=2. That is the PartialClosePct parameter is used only when ExitMethod 2 is active.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
The lot calculation takes place only when MoneyMgtMethod is 1 (enabled), in this case the Lots parameter is ignored. So if you want to check out the lot calculation fix from last night then please enable the money mgt and then 'wait & see'

--- 帖子 #562 ---
moneymgtmethod is set 1 so will wait and see...

--- 帖子 #563 ---
LongBar,

I've been using version 11, since you issued it. My basic parameters at this point

are the default lot size, with MM turned off, and TP using trailing stop on HAS.

On 8/5 two trades opened, sell orders on UJ and AJ, closing on the 6th as losers.

On the 6th, 2 more trades were issued. Buys in the same 2 pairs. These were also losers, and that was expected because the pairs were obviously ranging back and forth. No big deal.

I'm currently in 5 trades, 2 buys in UC and EG, and 3 sells in EU, GJ, and AJ. They're all in healthy profit and gains versus losses at this point, I'm about even.

It'll be interesting to see the long term performance through this month after the NFP breaks this morning. I'm very optimistic. Thanks very much for this system and the EA.

-scott

--- 帖子 #564 ---
LB

good news mate 2 trades opened up with money management working according to 3% rule however it only opened 1 position... is there a setting to make 2 entries as per Mr Eds style?

good luck guys

--- 帖子 #565 ---
i have just stumbled on this system and it looks promising.

i started testing it yesterday. already i am +60 pips so far.

however ever i have some issues which i would like clearification:

1) after the Hb cahnges color completely an the rules for entering trade is valid, is the trade entered immediately or on the next candle?

2) asuming that the ATR reads: 0.00811, what would the TP/TL bbe?

3) am getting my self confused trying to calculate the pip value for currencies like ADUJPY (81.749), EURJPY 138.566) because of the decimal places. can somebody please help me out here.

thanks in adv.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
ExitMethod=2 would implement something like that: while one position is created when trigger shows up, reaching TP1 the EA will try to close half of that position (at new bar). Note that the position size must be big enough to support this operation (at least 2 * minimum lot size like 2 * 0.50 = 1.0 lot for FXCM) otherwise the EA will have to close off the full position.

Hmm, this actually reminds me to review the lot size handling at the partial close routine - v0.11.1 fixed this for FXCM and alikes when new market order is created but I am not sure about the partial close routine

--- 帖子 #567 ---
I fixed the lot size handling at the partial close routine as well - see the attached EA version 0.11.2.

I would suggest upgrade to everyone using broker with other than 0.01 minimum lot size.

Have a good weekend!

--- 帖子 #568 ---
hello mister ED

i read all posts of ur thread and i really like it

i am starting to use it manually beside my own strategy

where i will post the compination of both after testing them well together

but i have a question please

HOW DO U PROTECT YOURSELF FROM SIDEWAY TRADES ??

like these

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Hi Mister ED,

There are new parameters to filter trades for certain time candles, see TradeTimeMon through TradeTimeSun. In order to do trade only for 8am and 4pm on every Monday the following must be set: TradeDay parameter shall have "Mon" listed, eg = "Mon,Tue,Fri" TradeTimeMon = "08:00,16:00" The time must always be in 24-hour with leading zero format. So 8am goes in as 08:00, 4pm will have to be 16:00 etc - these are server times always. Multiple times can be listed, those shall be separated by any non-numeric character like space, comma etc.

In order to make backtesting easy both TradeDay or the TradeTimeXXX parameters can be left empty (I mean zero length!). In this case the EA will ignore any filtering by that parameter and will apply the trading logic to all possible opportunities, days or candle times.

longbar

--- 帖子 #570 ---
hi LB

thanks 4 d updates

I had 3 trades opened so far... but other trades should have opened (GJ + EJ + AJ) as well on friday but didnt... any ideas?

have a good w/e every 1

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Hi Longbar

Is it ok to use version 12 of your EA witha  broker that allows you to tradea  minimum of 0.01 lots?

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Hi dfxclub,

Take a look at the experts as well as the MT logs, see "path to MT"/experts/logs folder for EA specific logs, and "path to MT"/logs folder for MT specific logs Those should give you explanation why the trades you expected did not happen - well at least should be a good starting point

If, after the review, still not clear why the trades were missed then post here the relevant log extracts.

longbar

--- 帖子 #573 ---
FYI I am going to have a long weekend now and will be away from my PC up to mid next week. Will follow up on the EA feedback/experience on the second half of next week.

Happy trading with Mister ED's system!

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Sure - the latest version 12 is the most up to date EA and should work with 0.01 minimum lot size.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
good trading system!thanks a lot, i will try it for the next few weeks!

--- 帖子 #576 ---
What is new about ver 12?

I like the the idea of how this trades, but so far the EA is not doing well for me at all.  I have been trying on 4hr time frame. I tried it on shorter times and it jumped in and out of trades way to fast.  But still it is not doing well.  does anyone have a better set up?

--- 帖子 #577 ---
i have a simple question

does all x-jpy pairs move hand by hand

usd-jpy

eur-jpy

gbp-jpy

aud-jpy

i mean if i found  entring opportunities in all of them

which one should i choose ???

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Am in

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Hi NG, just be careful of having too much exposure to the JPY crosses, if they all go wrong at the same time they will take a heavy toll on your account balance. Personally I only use 1 or 2 of the JPY crosses, the EURJPY or the CADJPY.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
thnx brucy for ur response

what about GBPJPY ISNOT THAT THE BEST JPY TEAM MATE ?

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Hi every Body...!

Is Any one using this system on live account and if yes then what are the results and since when.......

i have started religiously fallowing this system leaving all other systems and have had tremendous results. the major benefits i have seen are::

1. It does not miss any major move and gets the meat of all the major moves

2. this is by far the most simple system i have ever seen.

3. it ensures that one enters in a trend when it is well on its way and has little chances of whipsaw.

HOWEVER::: some of the demerits (if you call it that)::

1. its not a system for milking each and every pip from the move

2. One must brace himself for large draw downs

ANY ONE ELSE FEELS THE SAME WAY OR OTHER WISE PLEASE ADD YOUR IN PUT

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Hi guys,

this looks good. I've been trying to get the EA working on a demo Alpari UK account, i've tried both versions 11 and the new version 12, but i'm not getting any trades.

Anyone else having any issues getting this to make trades?

My EAs are loaded, allow live trading, EAs turned on, smiley faces - the works - but still nothing.

Any ideas?

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Same with me.  Also, shouldn't I be able to change the time frame?

I went ahead and put it on a demo at 5 min, just to see it make trades and no trades are made.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
same here.  Any idea?

thanks !!

Regards

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Assuming you have the smiley face, check EA properties under "EAPeriod" Change to "2" for M5.

.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
HI Mr. Ed,

First, I wish to thank you for your generosity in sharing your system. I have been following the thread for some time now.

The EA by LB is great and I very much appreciate his quality work. I am running 3 of his EAs of different versions and settings on different accounts. There has been some drawdown lately, and I wonder if it is just a drawdown period that is normal to any good system, or maybe I have done something to the EAs that I have to make them take trades at the wrong time.

Would you mind posting a couple or your most recent trades, or maybe even active trades and times, for me to cross referrence with what the EA did?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Hi Bils

I think you have summed up the system quite accurately. It is not meant to be the best system ever invented and it will not grab every pip out there. However it should be straightforward to impliment. Some trades take a while and it requires some patience and guts.

Lst week was very bad. But that is often the way in the first trading week of the month, and is made worse by the low volumes in August. However things appear to be moving now and we are making up the lost pips.

I am not live this week as I am moving house but today would have been nice.

Once things have settled I can devote myself to testing the EA's that have arisen.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Hi Ebont

Last week was not good, actually the worst week in over 2 years with the system. However as I said above the first week of a month combined with August meant the market lost direction and had some quite large candles with tails and retracements.

This week is proving better and should make up for things.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Hi Mr Ed

Its already making up

Im testing the EA that LB put together and he has done an out standing job.

Good luck all

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Hi LB

last week was a bit painful with the system but that was due to refining delays etc.

This week the EA is so far doing well. I still was not able to get the MM right and did go thru the log how ever due to the number of ins and outs it was a bit dramatic.

So Im doing it like this...

Risk per trade 1.5% of account. THe system sets the stop loss any way. And I get out according to my predefined support resistance or my oversold indicator lighting up.

Below are the trades opened and closed and I still have one trade open being NASDAQ index up 230$ so far. So when my oversold indi pops up Im gonna close that too.

Will see how that goes. I understand its a bit side tracked from Mr Eds initial fully automatic set up, however its the best I could come up with right now.

All the best

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Hi,

Great system.

Very well presented instructions on the DOC link.

Thank you.

I'm going to try fwd test this on a dedicated demo account, following your rules as presented, no tweaks.

However, I'm trying to adapt a bit toward a set & forget. My situation is much like Dreamliner's in that I can't/won't/refuse to watch the screen all day long. It seems to me, that according to your rule, I must re-set the SL 2 to BEP (or top of the HA) once TP 1 has been attained.

Wouldn't setting both trades with identical SL of 4 hr. ATR(20), but SL 2 has a TS put on equal to the SL/TP index, as well as TP 1 at ATR (20), but with no TP 2; accomplish basically the same goal, but will execute automatically, rather than having to wait for it so to re-set?

TP2 can then be managed at a later time in a discretionary manner, however being protected by SL 2.

Your analysis is appreciated, Mr ED.

Thanks for your contribution.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Hey MisterEd,

Did you get my email that I sent your sir? Thanks

Jimmy B

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Hi Petero

Yes you can do things the way you suggested. I trade with a spread better that does not use a trailing SL facility. That is why I have used this system.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Hi Jimmy

No I haven't got anything yet. Try PMing me.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #595 ---
this system is interesting.

please can somebody kindly explain a step by step procedure on how to tail the the second half of the trade once TP1 is triggered as i have no experience with trailing stop loss.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Hi, a "conventional" trailing stop is available in Metatrader. Right click on a position and select "trailing stop" then enter a value. 50 pips is common but it could be 100 or 30 or whatever. This trailing stop only comes in effect after you are in profit by the amount of the trailing strop. Say trailing stop is 50 pips. Say profit is 50 pips, then the trailing stop of 50 kicks in and moves the stoploss to breakeven. For every additional pip that the price moves further in profit, the stop loss increases by a pip. So if you are 200 pips in profit, your trailing stop loss has locked in 150 pips. If price retraces 50 pips, your position is closed 150 pips in profit. If you use the built-in trailing stop, you don't have to monitor the position after the trailing stop kicks in.

Mister Ed is not using the Metatrader trailing stop. Mister Ed uses the most recently closed Heiken Ashi Smoothed candle as the trailing stop. This is a "manual" trailing stop. If price retraces and touches the "wick" or the "body" (his/your choice) of the most recently closed Heiken Ashi Smoothed candle, then the position is closed.

If he is manually trading, he checks the position every 4 hours (when he can) and move the stoploss to the top (for long) of the most recently closed heiken ashi smoothed candle (wick or body.) He right clicks the position, selects "modify" and changes the stoploss.

Note Longbar's EA will do this.

I hope this helps,

Jack

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Jack H's explaination was spot-on!

Be aware, though, in MT4, one can't split the stops.

If you're going to have part of your position with hard stops and another part with other stops, or trailing stops, you'll need to enter seperate positions. Split the same risk over several seperate positions.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
I'll be happy to.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
This EA is doing well for me, im wondering which method most people are using for TP? im using the fixed target from ATR so it seems like its doing 1;1 risk/reward

anyone using the other methods to incrase profits? thanks

--- 帖子 #600 ---
@avatarx51: Could you post the ATR indicator you use as I cannot see with mine what you mean by using the fixed target from ATR?

Manuel

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Hi

I am trying the longbars EA v12 for the last 3 days. But I have no trades triggered. I have the heiken ashi smoothed indi on my indicator folder.

Any help would be much appreciated.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #602 ---
thanks a lot jack the explanation was very clear i am using alpari uk mt4 platform and i think i will go for the manual tailing stop.

one more question;

when trailing do you leave the trade until it is triggered by the ST or you close it manually ?

i have attached an excel file that can prove very useful in different ways.

hope it prove useful to all.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Hi Mister Ed, Thanks for the update about last week. The drawdown was painful, but the system is rockn and rollin once again and moved my dime account balance up up and away to new hieghts! Infact I feel like I'm on a rocket ride!

Question:  How would you handle the US FOMC Statement ,Federal Funds Rate  reports due out at 2:15  EST today?

Do you treat them like the nonfarm payroll and exit before, or just tighten stops?     Thanks

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Hi Pipquest

It's much better when things go like this!! As far as FOMC I would treat it with caution. Things have moved a lot in the last few days. This could be a significant announcement. It is possible that you could get a large candle with long wicks once the announcement is made so I would tighten things up.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Hi,

i am using gann grid and looking good in all pairs.

http://www.forexfactory.com/t/171202...trading-1.html

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #606 ---
hello Mr. ED, your system is very interesting and simple to follow.

yes, its true things are moving quite fine this week.

i am currently in trade now

EURJPY: TP1 was triggered.

the second half is in currently +85pips

please comment on how you would manage this trade,

would you allow it to continue or you would close it out?

i have attached a pic. of the current position bellow.

the black line shows where my current SL is at.

please comment if am right or wrong on the SL.

thanks once again for your generosity in sharing this system.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Mister ED I have been working with the HA idea I leave the candles out and just use the price line chart. less stress, I have someone who can

program this idea, I was going to see about getting my Idea programmed by him he does EA's and other programming for small fees and stands behind them

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Hi 2pips

I personally do not use this system on a 1hour time frame as it takes too much input and I haven't backtested etc. However using the principles that I use on the 4 hour as the price has moved a significant distance away from the HA candle I would use the top of the wick as my trialing SL (approx. 135.94 on my chart at the moment)

I would be cautious with the FOMC statement in the next few hours because things could change quickly and it may be better to just secure whatever pips you can at this stage.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Hi CatDiging

I would be interested to see what you come up with. A screen shot would be useful.

What part of Canada are you in?

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #610 ---
sorry about the mix up, i don't usually trade off the 1 hr TF.

i took the trade on a 4 hr TF and mistakenly snap the pic on a 1hr TF

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Hi biz0101,

how is your settings for EA latest version, please?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #612 ---
HI LongBar

I hope your days off were good!

Your work is appreciated!

I have loaded 11.2 on FXCM and with Lots at both 0.10 and 0.50 and exit method at 2 and moneymgtment at 1 and Two step order submit at 2, and it is only placing 1 trade with only a SL and no TP1.

I did not use version 12 because I did not know the parameter to use for the time setting for it to trade at all times. so I used v11.2 with no time setting.

Please advise on what to do.

Regards

FXWest

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Installed V12.0 last night and had a question about the exit method.

Settings:

Exit-2

Partial close-50

MM-1

Risk 3%

Ea opened a Long Trade on GU at 8:00 GMt... The ATR was 71.

Price went up 100 Pips but the EA did not do a Partial Close.

What Happened?

Lots entered was .21

When the order is place.. The terminal shows a Stop/Loss but not a Take Profit Level... Should a T/P be showing?

Lufkindog

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Hi gator-trader,

Do you mean the EA missed trades should have happened? In this case please attach screenshot and the corresponding experts logs so I could have a look at the details - see more at post 572

Or you mean more of looking for EA settings for your trading style?

Cheers, LB

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Is it still not getting into trades?

Please double check that the right HA indicator from the very first post is properly installed on MT.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
The EA monitors and trades on timeframe set by the EAPeriod parameter - no matter to which chart/period it is attached. See the help text just above this parameter in the EA Properties window. Use EAPeriod=2 to trade off the 5M timeframe.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Just double check the HA indicator from the very first post is properly installed. Also the EA makes log messages into the experts log file - review them to see detailed reports, see post 572

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Hi dfxclub,

What is the difficulty to get the MM right? Is it settings related or something else?

longbar

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Hi mosfin,

Ensure that you have HA indicator installed from the very first post - that was tested so far. Also take a look at the experts logs to see the EA messages for the last 1-2 days - see post 572

LB

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Hi FXwest,

The EA places a single position per trigger. When the TwoStepOrderSubmit is enabled for FXCM then that single position will be created first without SL/TP and after that the SL/TP will be set as a follow up order modification - this is how FXCM works as a broker platform.

You enabled the MM so the EA will calculate the lot size as per the TradeRiskAccPct parameter. By default it is 3.0 so the position being opened will risk up to 3.0% of the current account balance. The lot size will be rounded (down) to the nearest allowed lot step and minimum lot size of the broker. However if the calculated lot size falls below the minimum required one then no trade will be opened - check the logs for this event.

The stop will be calculated as per the ATR indicator. This stop will be set as part of the follow up ticket modification once the first market order got through the broker. Note that this SL value also stored in to the comment field - right click the position and select Comment to see this field.

You configured the EA to apply partial closure of the open position once the TP1 (=SL) is reached and after that to do trailing of stop on the remaining part of the position. The EA checks reaching TP1 on new bars, also trailing stop is moved on new bars (as opposed to per tick). Keep in mind if the partial close would result in lot size less than the minimum required to keep open then the EA has no choice but to close off the full position. With FXCM this may kick in considering 0.1 lot step and similar or bigger minimum lot requirement, ie risk settings should allow "space" for these operations.

So to recap the EA should open up 1 position per trigger, lot size according to 3% of account balance, close PartialClosePct (=50% by default) part of it when TP1 is reached at a new bar opening, then trailing stop of the rest of the position at new bar openings until the SL finally gets the hit. This involves no TP to be set on the order.

I hope I did not miss the point and explained the right thing for you

Longbar

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Hi Lufkindog,

I just answered the same sort of question from FXwest in details - see the previous post 621.

In short: no TP should be set as you go for trailing stop which would get you out of the markets eventually. The partial close and the follow up trailing logic is applied once per every new bar - this is my understanding of Mister ED's strategy.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #622 ---
LongBar

Thank you for the detailed response and you excellent work on putting this EA together..

In Regards to the Partial Close TP.... Would it not be more logical for the Partial Close to kick in once the TP is hit and not wait until a new bar?

Case in point... On my GU long trade....The ATR was 71 and price went up

to 100 Pips.... Price then retraced back down and hit my S/L at Break-even. If the Partial Close would have activated at the T/P then the trade would have netted 50% at T/P of 71 instead of Breakeven.

Just my 2 cents worth.

Lufkindog

--- 帖子 #623 ---
LongBar,

The EA is only triggering 1 trade and the account has more than the 3% as it is a demo, also it is not setting a TP1 or resetting the SL after the trade reaches new bars, the trade does not change after new bars are reached

How do i configure it to intitate 2 trades upon initial trigger and then have a TP1 and SL redone after new bars as per the strategy,

Thank you for your help

FXWest

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Thanks for this EA Longbar

i have one request hopefully it can be done? right now it goes for 1:1 based on atr TP/SL the same thats fine, iam wondering if we can put TP ATRX2 something like that where the risk/reward would be 2:1

thanks

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Nice suggestion, about ATRx2 have already been applying that on my trade. i wanted to trade it for sometime before making the suggestion. i am considering a risk ration 1:1.5 and 1:2

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Yes, the per tick TP1 monitoring sounds interesting, however Mister ED confirmed the per new bar approach and hence I implemented that.

I'll have a look how easy would be to extend the EA with the per tick TP1 monitoring option while keeping the trailing on new bar basis.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Hi FXwest,

It is expected to have 1 trade per trigger, also expected no TP to be set as you go for trailing SL according to your settings. Seems to me the question is whether the TP1 has been hit and if it was why the trailing logic does not move the SL on the position. Would you post a screenshot and the relevant experts and MT logs (see post 572 for details) to investigate?

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Factoring up/down ATR value to come up with SL there is the ATRMultiplier parameter. So you are looking for a similar feature but to derive the TP1 independently from SL, right?

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Ah ha,

that could be it. I was trying it out with different indicators that other people had contributed on this thread, i didn't know that an EA could be dependent on an indicator, i thought they were separate entities entirely - the EA being the maths, nuts and bolts and incorporating indicator type information within their code; while actual indicators were there to look pretty and provide the 'human' input.

My mistake - i'll get on it and try it out asap.

I've been running other EAs for some months now without actually coming a cropper like this before. What a plum!

Thanks Longbar.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Hi Longbar

Thanks for the EA (great work) and of course thank you to Mister ED.

All working well on my Live account except for one thing EA V12 is set to Exit 2 and does not set a TP or SL on the next bar or even the one after that.

FXDD account so step 2 set to false. And yes the Normal TP1 would have been hit but not executed by the EA.

I have been managing the TP and SL manually so far so all is good.

Your input as to why would be greatly appreciated

Thanks

CY

--- 帖子 #631 ---
I live in Innerkip Ontario, I have included screen shot of chart, I use  line chart, you miss a few pips, and use the 34 and 5 stoch, the 34 keeps me in trade,the 5 tells me profit taking or retacement when they both move together and tight together good move coming when the 5 and 12 EMA cross each other then they cross the 13 SMA at a 90% angle, good pips coming Still working on things

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Mr Ed, may I ask which spread better you are using?

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Hi Longbar and Mr Ed,

Thanks for the Strategy and the EA.  I have been using v.7 for several weeks and just installed v12 for next week.  I am running on two demo accounts and one small live account.  All three with different brokers and different results though all positive.

One Alpari UK account got trashed by the EU pair after the FOMC announcement I think it was on last Tuesday. The news release just happened to be at the 4 hour mark and the trade was tiggered then the announcement caused the pair to hit the SL.  It was a high roller demo account so only ego got hurt.

Could you add to the EA a do not trade for news events feature.  Another EA I am using on a demo account has this feature and one can set it for so many minutes/hours prior or after a news event not to trigger a trade.  I wish I was software enabled but currently it is not the case.  The feature is triggered by FF news calendar.  The indicator used in the EA is called THV3 FFCal.

Thanks again for all that you two and the group have done.

Alsea

--- 帖子 #634 ---
yes exactly, that would be great

maybe even have option where at ATR1 TP1 either half is taken off or BE, and let rest run to TP2 ATRX2, or just go for 1:2 ratio on all your trades and honestly looking back at the charts going 1:2 has soem good results

i have been running live and i usually adjust the TP for more, so if the EA can do this perfect thanks again for your hard work

--- 帖子 #635 ---
HI LongBar,

It seems that FXCM will not let me close 1/2 of the trade at TP1, so is it possible to trigger 2 trades and then have 1 exit at TP1 ans the other have the stop loss as per Mr Eds Strategy?

Below is the relevant logs info i could find as a lot of it is redundant. I am running multiple Mr Ed EAs for all his pairs at once, if that affects it at all,

But, also please see the screen shots

Thanks

FXWest

23:59:58 MisterED_v0.11.2 GBPJPY,H4: INFO: CheckTrigger - no colour change in HA direction, no trade triggered (SELL,2:SELL)

23:59:58 MisterED_v0.11.2 GBPJPY,H4: TRACE: ManageExit - invoked at 2009.08.14 08:00

23:59:58 MisterED_v0.11.2 GBPJPY,H4: #5376729 2009.08.13 20:00 sell 0.20 GBPJPY 157.445 158.

23:59:57 1 Box 4 B GBPJPY,H4: ObjectSet Done

23:59:57 1 Box 4 B GBPJPY,H4: ObjectMove Done

23:59:57 1 Box 4 B GBPJPY,H4: ObjectsRedraw Done

23:59:58 1 Box 4 A EURJPY,H4: 0

23:59:58 1 Box 4 A EURJPY,H4: ObjectSet Done

23:59:58 1 Box 4 A EURJPY,H4: ObjectMove Done

23:59:58 1 Box 4 A EURJPY,H4: ObjectsRedraw Done

23:59:58 1 Box 4 B EURJPY,H4: 0

23:59:58 1 Box 4 B EURJPY,H4: ObjectSet Done

23:59:58 1 Box 4 B EURJPY,H4: ObjectMove Done

23:59:58 1 Box 4 B EURJPY,H4: ObjectsRedraw Done

23:59:58 1 Box 4 A EURJPY,H4: 0

23:59:58 1 Box 4 A EURJPY,H4: ObjectSet Done

23:59:58 1 Box 4 A EURJPY,H4: ObjectMove Done

23:59:58 1 Box 4 A EURJPY,H4: ObjectsRedraw Done

23:59:58 1 Box 4 B EURJPY,H4: 0

23:59:58 1 Box 4 B EURJPY,H4: ObjectSet Done

23:59:58 1 Box 4 B EURJPY,H4: ObjectMove Done

23:59:58 1 Box 4 B EURJPY,H4: ObjectsRedraw Done

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Hi LB

I dont think its the settings (below are the settings I am using)

Lots : 0.1

EA period: 6

Trade all days

Exit method 2

Partial close 50

Money mng method 1

trade risk 2

SL ATR() * ATR multiplier

---------------------------

Can I make a recommendation... Im not a programmer so I dont know if its possible or not...

How about if the EA opens 2 positions according to account risk and one has fixed TP level of ATR (ie stop loss level) and the second trails or the trade manually trails. That way we wouldnt have to worry about any platform specifications. 1 trade would be fixed with entry and TP and the 2nd trade would be either trailing or the individual can move stops manually.

I think this is the same problem that some of the other guys are having too which made posts.

Hope we can get over this one. I had some nice trades. And I think the method is great. The rest seems all good on the EA

All the best

--- 帖子 #637 ---
I am just reviewing others feedback like yours and seems to me the understanding of the TP1 target and trailing stop handling mechanism is not common.

My understanding of Mister ED's strategy is to check reaching TP1 with each new candle only. If TP1 is reached at that point in time then partial close takes place, SL will be adjusted and with each additional new candle the trailing stop would occur. However if the TP1 was reached before, but with the new candle the TP1 is actually not reached (retracement happened) then the partial close does not take place nor the trailing....

Earlier today we already concluded to extend the EA with the per tick TP1 check as opposed to the current per new candle TP1 check. This feature extension would probably resolve the questions "why TP1 partial close/trailing stop not working"...

Cyclonic: could you check that the TP1 was hit (or exceeded) at new bar open time?

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Alsea, could you post a link to the indicator so I could take a look at it for integration?

Thanks for the idea!

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Thanks for the feedback FXwest.

The screenshots suggest me that the TP1 has not been hit so far at a new bar open time. Therefore there was no partial closure performed nor follow up trailing happened. Note that the EA checks for TP1 at new candle only, the trailing stop is applied once the TP1 was hit.

The EURJPY has reached TP1 during the open candle, the GBPJPY pair is very close to reach TP1 so the next candle may actually trigger the partial closure and kick off the trailing stop after that. I am curious to see what happens so please keep me updated

As I mentioned the per tick TP1 check would kick off earlier the partial closure + trailing mechanism - I think I am going to implement this extension to the EA next.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Hi LongBar

Nothing was triggered, I exited one at  manually and the other is still going.

Thanks for the good work at this, as this is a Very good system!

FXWest

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Hi dfxclub,

I am not sure where you are stuck. Do you have the same issue as why the EA did not take TP1 & start trailing stop?

If this was the case do you think the post 638 & 640 would explain why?

I just want to know exactly whats wrong before putting effort to fix it...

Re the 2 market orders: yes it is viable though the per tick TP1 check would bypass this topic. What is broker specific is the 2-step entry and the lot size roundings so the 2 market orders would not actually remove broker specific things as far as I can see.

longbar

--- 帖子 #642 ---
LongBar,

I have attached the file for the news indicator.

Thanks,

Alsea

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Maybe my settings are wrong.  Mine seems to be getting in to the trade to soon or stopping out to quick.  I don't know where I'm going wrong.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hi LongBar,

Here are the 3 trades that are still open in my platform, all are sell order.

Gbpjpy TP1 was closed at 156.77 and the trailing SL is now at 157.94, which is the at the low of the last HA signal bar.

The eurjpy TP1 has also closed at 134.88 and the trailing SL is at 136.00.

Audjpy TP1 closed at 78.94 and trailing SL is at 80.09

Your EA seems to be working fine so far for me. Excellent!

Thanks for your good work.

Lau

--- 帖子 #645 ---
FXwest,

I spent some time to reconstruct your situation with the EJ and GJ pairs. I created FXCM demo account and did back testing of the v0.11.2 EA for the last 1-2 days with your settings to see what happens. This is what I got - see the attached pictures for overview.

Both pairs triggered trades at the same point you had, with the same SL used - good start

The GBPJPY pair did not reach TP1 before the weekend so the EA did nothing to that position - this is the expected behaviour and keep in mind the EA checks for TP1 at new bar open time only. The ticket details are:

Open time: Aug 13, 20:00

Open price: 157.44

SL: 158.73

TP1: 156.15

All the bar open prices so far were above the 156.15 mark and this is what the EA checks for, so I see no problem (I mean EA bug) here.

The EURJPY pair however did reach the TP1 during the back test and the EA executed partial close and implemented trailing stop at 16:00, see blue lines:

06:07:20 2009.08.14 16:00  MisterED_v0.12.0 EURJPY,H4: TRACE: ManageExit - invoked at 2009.08.14 16:00

06:07:20 2009.08.14 16:00  MisterED_v0.12.0 EURJPY,H4: #1 2009.08.14 00:00 sell 0.20 EURJPY 136.162 137.148 0.000 134.601 0.00 0.00 329.25 137.148 MisterED 20090722
06:07:20 2009.08.14 16:00  MisterED_v0.12.0 EURJPY,H4: DEBUG: ManageExit - TP1 achieved (0.98600000,1.56100000) new SL: 136.04300000 at bid: 134.54700000

06:07:20 2009.08.14 16:00  MisterED_v0.12.0 EURJPY,H4: close #1 sell 0.10 EURJPY at 136.162 sl: 137.148 at price 134.601
06:07:20 2009.08.14 16:00  MisterED_v0.12.0 EURJPY,H4: INFO: ManageExit - partial profit taken of ticket 1

06:07:20 2009.08.14 16:00  MisterED_v0.12.0 EURJPY,H4: TRACE: ManageExit - invoked at 2009.08.14 16:00

06:07:20 2009.08.14 16:00  MisterED_v0.12.0 EURJPY,H4: #2 2009.08.14 00:00 sell 0.10 EURJPY 136.162 137.148 0.000 134.600 0.00 0.00 164.73 split from #1 20090722
06:07:20 2009.08.14 16:00  MisterED_v0.12.0 EURJPY,H4: DEBUG: ManageExit - trailing new SL: 136.04300000 at bid: 134.54600000

06:07:20 2009.08.14 16:00  MisterED_v0.12.0 EURJPY,H4: modify #2 sell 0.10 EURJPY at 136.162 sl: 136.043 tp: 0.000 ok

In this pair case I assume I got different results from your forward testing so I definitelly would like to understand the "why". Well, the backtest results maybe sligthly different from real feed experience so please double check your experts log messages for the above period to see what happened on your MT platform. I would appreciate if you could post those lines (around 16:00 mark) from your experts log file.

Have a good weekend!

--- 帖子 #646 ---
To all Mr Ed s specialists ,

When stopped out in a trade say long , are the rules to reenter  on the next bar if say blue ( long ) or wait for opposite signal short ( red bar ) ?

Thanks to all of you for your support and good trading with a very good system !

zaba1

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Hello all

i want to say that Mr ED strategy is a wining one based on the experience i have had so far with the system.

it has reduced my the number of loses while increasing the win rate.(most important)

however i have the following challenges which i require help or suggestion(s)

1) after TP1 is triggered, do you allow the remaining half to trail until it is stopped out by the Trailing stop loss?

2) i am currently using Mr ED strategy on Alpari Uk on a 4hr chat.

i want to also use it on marketiva streammaster platform, but since the indicators can not be loaded into marketiva platform, i am searching for MT4 platform that uses the same time as marketiva so that i can analyse from the mt4 and enter the trade on marketiva platform.

please any comment or help will very much be appreciated.

thanks

--- 帖子 #648 ---
I have tried installing the EA ver 12 on fxcm mt4 and tried a back test but did not produce any results and the journal says as below

2009.08.15 06:00:37 2009.07.01 16:02  Cannot open file 'Crogram FilesFXCM MT4 powered by BTexpertsindicatorsHeiken_Ashi_Smoothed.ex4' on the GBPJPY,H4

2009.08.15 06:00:37 2009.07.01 16:02  MisterED_v0[1][1].12.0 GBPJPY,H4: WARNING: GetHAValues - HAS returned zero values

Need someone to let me know what is wrong and whether any time settings are reqd for fxcm.

thanks for the help

Balaji

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Longbar,

Attached is the updated version of the indicator. You will also find this on the THV ea thread. Please use the updated version. Excellent idea Alsea. I NEVER trade an ea on any on my live accounts without a news filter. NEVER.

Thanks to you and Mr Ed for sharing your hard work.

Cheers.

Watube

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Hi LongBar

I went thru the logs and compared it to the trade history and the EJ did indeed make the trade at the time the EA required it to and I did not notice it as there were other trades open. What I did not realize is that it is looking for the new data only at the open of the new bar. so It seems as if it is correct. Thank you for helping me to understand it. and thank for your research to see it better.

Also, is the default setting on V12 set to trade at all times?

Great work to both you and Mr Ed!

FXWest

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Hi gator-trader, could you post a screenshot of the chart the EA is running on?

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Am glad to hear that! Thx for the feedback

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Hi Balaji,

From the very first post download the HA indicator and copy it to your <path to MT>/experts/indicators folder. Then restart your MT and check out your back testing again.

For FXCM do not forget to set TwoStepOrderSubmit to true!

Longbar

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Thanks to you and Alsea! Hope to get there soon or later though I am going to focus first on the per tick TP1 monitoring.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Thanks FXwest for the confirmation, hope the trades will go on smooth.

Based on the comments I am going to extend the EA with the per tick TP1 monitoring.

Mister ED: do you think this would be a useful feature?

And yes, by default the v0.12 EA is set to trade 24/7 all the times.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Hi longbar I think the Quote above from Mr Ed answeres your Question. It can be found on page  #37 Post # 550.

Thanks for all the hard work to create the EA for this great system !

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Hi Lau,

Could you post a screen shot of your parameters. You are entering the trades as I would wish too but am not able to have partial close or TP settings.

Thanks

Doug

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Longbar bro

Thanks a lot for your inputs. I did what u said and i guess it did not creat any errors on back testing for a week. Will test it longer period. I just need to know bro which time frame it works best and i intend to use it for gbpjpy pair. How is ur experience in live with this ea on an average per month.

Thanks in advance bro

Balaji

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Hi Doug,

My Parameter setting:

EAPeriod: 6,

TradeDay: Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun

TradeTime, 24 hours

ExitMethod: 1

PartialClosePct: 50

Money MgtMethod: 1

TradeRickAccPCT: 3.0

Hope this is what you are looking for.

Lau

--- 帖子 #660 ---
LB I think posts 638 and 640 may explain why... because we have the same problem.

wait a minute.... does the TwoStep Order Submit need to be set to True??!! ahhh shit... mine was set at false, you reckon that was the problem??

cheers

--- 帖子 #661 ---
To all Mr Ed s specialists ,

When stopped out in a trade say long , are the rules to reenter on the next bar if say blue ( long ) or wait for opposite signal short ( red bar ) ?

Thanks to all of you for your support and good trading with a very good system !

zaba1

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Hi zaba1, When stopped out long on a blue Ha candle then that trade is over, and you would look for the next signal to be a completely red Ha candle and go short.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
thanks pipquest !

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Thank you very much for supplying this filter. What folder does it install to?

--- 帖子 #665 ---
TwoStepOrderSubmit=true is required only for brokers with which SL/TP values cannot be submitted with a market order. ECN type brokers may require this like FXCM MT4 platform. For all other market maker type brokers where you can set SL/TP with a market order this parameters should be left false (default).

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Bro long bar

The  v12 has input time as every four hours how to change it to 24 hours just write 24 hours since the format is HH:MM:SEC or just says 00:00:00 - 24:00:00?

regards

Balaji

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Made changes to the EA to be able to monitor TP1 per tick as well as per new bar. See new parameter TP1CheckPoint. If you want to take partial profit as soon as TP1 is hit on-the-fly then set TP1CheckPoint to 1. After partial close the trailing will kick in immediately and then maintained with new bars on.

Added a new line to the chart status report showing the last checkpoint time for trading trigger and trailing SL evaluations/actions. Obviously the trailing checkpoint time is relevant only if trailing is configured and position is open on the account - otherwise just ignore it.

Please demo trade first as usual, I made a couple of weeks worth of (back) testing only...

Have a good trading week!

Longbar

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Based on the comments I am going to extend the EA with the per tick TP1 monitoring.

Mister ED: do you think this would be a useful feature?

Yes LongBar. Could you do it perfect? Thank you very much indeed!!

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Just list each time you want the EA to check trade for. If you want to run the EA on 1H period then set EAPeriod to 5 and enter the following in to the TradeTimeXXX parameters: 00:00,01:00,02:00,03:00,04:00,etc

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Thank you!

--- 帖子 #671 ---
LongBar

What does the following Message mean:

Warning: Status Report-Zero ATR Value(0) (MT:Code 4054 Desc: Incorrect

Series array using)

This is on a H1 Chart...

Lufkindog

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Hi Longbar,

Thank you for the new ability to close when TP1 is first hit.

Unfortunately, FXCM does not support partial order closes - except in DEMO mode only.

Live accounts can not do a partial close: it's close full position only. The only work around I can see for exit 2 trades is to initially open 2 positions that split the Risk%, close 1 at TP1 and set the 2nd position for the TSL.

Your help would be greatly appreciated since my testing shows the 3% Risk with exit 2 (.5 ATR + .5 TSL has bar) to be the most profitable strategy overall.

For now I'm trading exit 0 but it is clearly not as profitable as exit 2. Hope you can help!

Best regards,

JR

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Version 12 seems to be doing great so far.  But it seems the TP is closing the trade when it could be going a lot farther.  What do I need to change to stay in the trade longer?

--- 帖子 #674 ---
This message is for Mr. Ed and LongBar:

I'm a fan of your strategy and EA. I would like to suggest to investigage the possibility to use the MA (14) with the settings of linear weighted and weighted close as an alternate TSL to the HA. The MA(14) seems to track closely to the body of the HA at the beginning of the trade and switches later closer to the wick.

I'm attaching a screen shot for your review. It would be great to test this TSL against the HA to see if this indicator would provide a better return.

LongBar, do you have any thought on this?

penguyen

--- 帖子 #675 ---
ok gotcha

cheers

--- 帖子 #676 ---
hi,

Great work on this EA. I can tell that you have put time into it.

I have back-tested it from 4/1/09 to 08/08/09 and the equity curve is declining from the initial balance. This is on v12.

I am testing this on IBFX with the EURUSD on a 4 hour timeframe. I didn't change any of the settings except for the last. I tried that as true/false on two different runs. Still not profibable.

Any tips?

Again, thanks for your work.

Cheers,

BeepBlip

--- 帖子 #677 ---
I am sorry to ask this dumb question but I just don't know for sure...

On the retracement entries, are we supposed to draw the fibo from the top of the body to the bottom of the body or are we to draw fibo from top and bottom of wicks and tails?

In the past I have always just used the bodies with fibo but I am just not clear on this with your system.

Thank you,

Dan

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Mr. Ed,

I understand that you don't want to introduce any other indicators in your trading system. However, I would like to ask and see if you have explore the option of using the Tilson T3 indicator to filter out potentially unprofitable trades and a criterion for retrace trade entry.

Since the Tilson T3 is not a moving average but is more like a trend fitting curve, the Tilson T3 conditions go something like this:

- Long trade: body of the signal candle has to be above the Tilson T3 line

- Short trade: body of the signal candle has to be below the Tilson T3 line

I think with the EA LongBar already developed, this option can be implemented for testing to see if this would provide better performance.

I would be more than happy to assist LongBar with the implementation of this indicator and testing.

penguyen

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Hi Lufkindog,

If you got it once at the start-up then could be MT data problem. However if you get this regularly after start up then this would likely to be an EA problem. Do you get this message at start-up only or this is a regular message while the EA is running?

Longbar

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Yeah, I was expected this to come up sooner or later

This is a good reason to alter the EA to create two tickets instead of 1 when partial take profit and trailing is used. I am just not sure which one is the most important for the next improvement: implementing the retracement trading trigger or this 2-ticket feature

LB

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Check out the trailing stop feature instead of the fixed TP.... that may give you better results...

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Hi Mister Ed,

How important is to monitor the results of the pairs to evaluate which ones were successful on which days?

Is the success of the system heavily dependent on always adapting to the pairs which are profitable on certain days?

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Hi,

I vote for the 2-ticket feature next.
FXCM is the largest retail forex brokerage, claiming 100,000+ traders, but in all fairness I don't know how many on the forum are affected.

The retracement trading trigger is an important feature, too. Wish I was a better programmer so I could help, but I get lost in the code, despite its clarity and organization. You definitely don't want my help in that area. I'll keep testing the most promising risk/ exit scenarios and will summarize for everyone when I have enough data to be relevant.

JR

--- 帖子 #684 ---
MisterEd was last night a new record for open trades?

I had 8 trades open, after manually closing 2 in profit on Friday. So there would have been 10 open. Using V12 of the ea with "TradeDay" set for each pair per MisterEd's suggestion. .

I ended up manually closing all of them, because I had a nice gain and I was overleveraged. So be aware trades can open on 10 pairs at once!

There has been a reversal on all of them so manual intervention maybe worked this time (for a change.)

Jack

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Hi Jack

This kind of thing can happen occasionally, about 5 times this year I think. Personally I don't like these times because it can cause you to overextend. Great if it works but it can be a killer if it doesn't.

Certainly nothing wrong with booking a good profit so I would agree that in this case manual closing would be a good thing, or at least having reasonably close stops. Things that move fast can often reverse just as fast.

After a bad start to the month things have recovered quite well and seem to be on track again. I haven't taken any trades myself as I have been moving house. However that is over and I am back online and looking to see what happens in the next few days.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #686 ---
HI Longbar

V13 seems to be working rather well.

I too request the 2 ticket version as I would like to have a stable version to go live in September. I am with FXCM as they are based in london thus the new FIFO rule does not apply.

But either way we will all be happy in the long run as again thanks to you and Mr Ed for such a good system, which is so greatly enhanced with this EA.

FXWest

--- 帖子 #687 ---
2 ticket feature LB

--- 帖子 #688 ---
I have no problem to give this T3 a try sooner or later however I would keep priority on the main stream system until its kinda complete, and it is getting close now.

Will keep this keep in mind or you could remind me a bit later about this.

Thanks bringing this up!

--- 帖子 #689 ---
From implementation viewpoint the EA reorg for the 2 ticket approach should come first and any add-on features afterwards so I take a look at this reorg next.

The FIFO should not have effect if the EA submits first the order with TP and after that the one for trailing. The EA then will have to wait with trailing until after the first order gets closed out by TP. Anyway I am fine as all my accounts are in the old continent

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Hello. i'm just finished the quick overview of the thread.

Mr. ED, Mr. LongBar  - Thanks for your hard work !

I haven't yet tried the EA, but I'd like to propose a feature to implement.

Instead of one string parameter with the day listed, you could make ~7 integer parameters which takes binary values 0 or 1.

Should look somehow like ~

TradeOnMonday  1

TradeOnTuesday 1

TradeOnWednesday 0

ect.

The point is - with binary variables like that you can make optimizations with mt4 tester - on which days you should trade and on which you should not.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
This is a great suggestion. Are there other EAs that do this?

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Hi LongBar... any thoughts about this? I really believe in this sort of swing trading strategy. It should perform better than real-life on a back test, but it is failing to show a profit. Is there additional information you need about my backtest runs? Should I run on a different broker?

Cheers,

beepblip

--- 帖子 #693 ---
i join in the chorus of thanks to Mr. Ed and Longbar for their generosity and hard work!

with no EA experience, i'm at a loss for trying to get "MisterED_v0.13.0" to take auto-trades.  I have it loaded and displaying ok on FXDD - MetaTrader;  Demo Account; H4; "Expert Advisor" button checked; Tools/Options/Expert Advisors "Allow live trading" button checked; live in Virginia EST; EA "server time" is EST +7; EA properties: 00:00 04:00 08:00 12:00 16:00 20:00; and only indicator is "ATR(20) vs CandleLength."  ???

Thanks in advance for whoever can help!

--- 帖子 #694 ---
in an earlier post in this thread a reference to a heiken ashi smoothed indicator that had alerts for crosses was mentioned but supposedly the one posted may have had a problem of too many alerts.  does anyone know of a version that works ok?  if so could you share a link to it?  thanks if so.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
How is everyone doing with their trades this week.....

Just had my 12th Loss in a row............

Using v13 EA with exit setting 2...

Anybody else doing any better?   If so, what settings are you using?

Lufkindog

Edit: Now 16 Losses in a Row.....

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Hi Lufkindog,

I can arguably claim I'm doing better for the week: only 9 losses in a row, with a single UJ win, for 15 losses out of 16 trades. I'm using Mr Ed's default settings.

This held true for all 3 exit scenarios. They all hit the SL except the UJ. Many of them were first in substantial profit. The UJ win was a surprise since the previous UJ trades had 7 losses of 9 trades.

I'm noticing that since we're trading 10 pairs, 9 of them containing either JPY or USD (no Gold for me) many of them are frequently correlated >.80 (pos or neg) so it's expected that if one loses, the other highly correlated ones will likely lose as well. Mr Ed has commented on this phenomenon and noted the danger for a substantial drawdown (as well as the opposite event where most of them are winning trades).

One possible "fix" I'm exploring is to run the correlation tables at www.mataf.net every day, pick the highly correlated pairs and trade only 1 or 2 of them. This will cut losses on losing trades but also cut profits when the trades are winning. It also makes the system less mechanical since the criteria for picking the pairs to trade will likely be somewhat subjective.

Mr Ed could you comment on this?

Did your experience conclude it was better long term to just ignore the correlations or is there some potential increase possible in trading less correlated pairs? Is it worth the time to back test or have you already done so?

Another possible "fix" is to simply close them manually when they are in profit and appear to have stalled or reversed. Preserve your capital to trade another day. But then it becomes less mechanical again.

JR

--- 帖子 #697 ---
mt2414,

I believe the EA requires the Heikin Ashi Smoothed indicator to be on the chart before it will trigger trades.

Go to post #1, download the Heikin Ashi Smoothed mq4 file, load it in your MT4 ...ExpertsIndicators folder, then restart MT4. It will automatically compile the mq4 to an ex4 and it should show in your Custom Indicators list. Drag it to your chart.

JR

--- 帖子 #698 ---
From my casino days I learned that if your in the plus a good amount and end up a loser then your in the wrong business.

These 2 ea's protect against that.  If your +110 on the 2protect it will protect 50, if your +210 it protects 110, it will continue to increase the protected number as your profits grow.   It closes all trades.  The mini ea does the same thing startin with +11 it protects 5.

Just finished reading the thread and will be testing.  I'm impressed guys,  thank you....

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Thanks JR -  Certainly i should have mentioned that i also have the Heikin Ashi Smoothed indicator loaded with Mr. Ed's default values.  But still, it has never taken an auto trade (trying since Monday am)... ???

--- 帖子 #700 ---
All,

This is a major revamp of the EA to use 2 orders per trigger when trailing is configured. The trading logic and ticket handling have been changed big time, also full support for ECN type brokers should be present now, ie recovery of any kind of trading errors now added in.

Due to these major changes please be cautious and use this EA on demo account only until bugs discovered and fixed

Changes: The TP1CheckPoint parameter has been removed: TP1 is checked per each incoming tick Two orders are submitted to the account when ExitMethod is set to 2 (aka Partial close + HA trailing) When trailing SL configured it will wait until the first order with the TP1 gets closed. Once closed trailing kicks in immediately. PartialClosePct parameter renamed to TP1OrderLotsPct. This represents how much of the trade risk/lots should be used for the first order (ExitMethod=2 only)

Note that the changes for the ExitMethod=1 are not complete. Order gets submitted correctly with this method but will start the trailing of SL too early at the moment. I am not sure if anyone actually uses this method at all - any feedback appreciated on this.

Feel free to report issues

Longbar

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Mr Ed & LongBar,

Thank you for all of the work you have put into this system!

Just a suggestion for listing what trade days are valid. In post #389 (an indicator to show the system visually before an EA was written), I used the follow code to list what days to trade:

extern string desc = "enter 5 y or n letters";

extern string Trade_GBPJPY = "yyyyy";

extern string Trade_GBPUSD = "yynnn";

extern string Trade_EURJPY = "ynyyy";

extern string Trade_EURUSD = "yynyy";

extern string Trade_USDCAD = "ynnny";

extern string Trade_EURGBP = "yyyyy";

extern string Trade_AUDUSD = "ynnnn";

extern string Trade_AUDJPY = "yyyyy";

extern string Trade_NZDUSD = "ynnny";

extern string Trade_USDJPY = "yyyyy";

This might be a way to wrap up all of the trade days at one time.

Keep up the great work!

Mark

--- 帖子 #702 ---
I thought that the approach would be to use the backtest to trade all opportunity, ie all days and candle formations. The EA generates statistical files which would provide details for the user to see which day/candle setups are the most profitable ones and use those on foward/live trading with the corresponding settings.

This means no need to backtest one-by-one the day/candle setups and the single run would generate all the stats. Considering some level of cross-impact of trades this may not be perfect and may involve some additional manual runs to validate results though.

So to everyone: if you want the above parameter changes to be done please provide your feedback!

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Hi beepblip,

I would suggest to consider Mister ED's other optimisation suggestions described in his document. Mr ED suggests a dynamic system considering which days and candles are to be traded for a particular pair. Those may improve your results...

LB

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Could you post a screenshot of the chart the EA is running on?

--- 帖子 #705 ---
I think I really missed this file with stat-info.  I definitely need to look at it properly

Of course, if there's such an implementation already exist, then we just don't need the workaround I mentioned

I really hope we will see some backtest results & stats soon.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
That's bang on longbar. People ignore the optimization part, I think that's crucial and could be the difference between making pips and losing pips. Mister Ed does this by analyzing all the pairs and gold every day for a month to see their results. At the end of the month he analyzes which days he was profitable and which days he weren't.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Hello LongBar,

Thank you for donating your skills and dedication to this project - the progress has been amazing.

You ask for feedback on changes.  While I think that Mark has a very valid point, I feel that the priority should be to first include all essential components of Mr Ed's trading - because he is making money with this system.

Thus I would suggest as the next step the retracements.

Thanks again for your lead in this.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Hello Longbar,

I agree with Bubo. Mr Ed has a very good system here and if it can be automated to the way he trades it then it will benefit everyone. Like everyone else, I appreciate your working on the ea and helping people.

Regards,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Please leave as is.

It covers the backtest well and is clearer to read when setting the EA.

JR

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Hi Longbar,

V0.14 acted like the Energizer bunny last night, opening 337 trades, closing each one in the same minute it opened, despite the price being nowhere near the SL/TP. It also opened as many as 20+ trades for a pair in the same minute. Drained a 23k FXCM demo account to 2k in less than 3 hours.

The strange part is it only happened with the EA set for a fixed 1 lot, and exit 2. The other five V0.14 demo combinations (fixed, exits 0,1 and %, exits 0,1,2) appear to be functioning fine. Only this combo produced the hypertrading. All the trades appear to have been closed right after they were opened, resulting in a loss on each one due to the spread. 4 of 337 trades were profitable and I assume it was due to a lucky price spike as the order was opened.

In the MT4 report, the Comment field showed a few entries I've never seen: "so: 99.7%/1993.0/2000.0" in place of the usual "133.057 MisterED" type entries.

I'm going to download a fresh MT4 and start over in case it's just a corrupted MT4 file. Will keep you posted.

Let me know if you want the .set file, MT4 report or journals.

JR

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Hi JR,

I've seen the corrupted comment field earlier when two or more EA instances were attached to same pair on different charts, or when multiple MT instances were started off simultaneously off the same MT installation, hosting multiple EA instances on the same chart at the same time. This latter one can "easily" happen on hosted windows environments.

Could you check out if any of the above was applicable to your case?

Cheers

longbar

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Hi,

Mine is running locally on a single PC, multiple monitors, with 2 other PC's on the domain running different MT4 accounts. No VPS or other hosted account.

Hmmmm, there was an extra chart of EURCAD on the profile, with the EA enabled, hiding off to the side. Too many charts, too few monitors. It was an H1 chart with the EA set to H4, like the other EURCAD chart EA.

Most of the trades were on other pairs, not eurcad, but I assume that's what did it. None of the other 5 demo accounts have duplicate charts and they appear to be fine. Good to know not to have duplicate pair/EA chart.

Thanks for your help. Glad it wasn't a bug!

Cheers,

JR

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Mister Ed, Could you check your history and see if the last few days set a new record for the biggest drawdown. If not then I'm sure its close!!!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #714 ---
The leading change this time is the addition of retracement trading trigger. This happens when trade gets triggered by HA colour change but the signal candle vs ATR ratio is over the 200% limit. In this case the EA will wait until a certain retracement level and then submits the pending orders in the direction of the trading signal.

RetraceTriggerPct defines the retracement percentage level triggering the pending orders to the account at the top/bottom of the signal candle. The pending orders will expire just before the close of the current bar in the case those would not get fired.

Also there is a new parameter ATRMultiplierTP to scale up/down target profit level based on the ATR value. The existing ATRMultiplier parameter has been renamed to ATRMultiplierSL just to keep them in pair and clarity.

Again: please test test and test first before consider the EA for real money

Longbar

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Hi Pipquest

The unfortunate truth is that you are right. This month has been the worst in 2 years for the system. The market is giving trades and then reversing and closing things out. There have been many large candles that have given set ups.

I think that this is likely due to a general lack of direction and volume that occurs during the August holiday.

My gut feeling is that it may be best to sit out the rest of the month or at least wait until some direction is being shown. The market is too choppy at the moment.

My stats using optimised trades shows I am 132 pips down so far this month. Not a disaster but could do better.

Please note that I have not traded live this month as I have other things on my plate at the moment. I intend to return to live trading in September once some normality returns.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #716 ---
V14 Continued to take and close out trades until it decimated a 25,000 demo account.  I had it set to close 1 position and let the other run, but it kept opening and closing positions as fast as it could.

Something is definitely wrong with the EA.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
rcbarlow,

Were you using fixed lot or % risk?

I had similar experience with v 0.14 but only when using fixed 1 lot risk with exit 2. (More details in posts #710-711)

At first I thought it was because I had a duplicate pair/EA on that profile and several corrupted Comment entries. However, after removing the duplicate, opening a new account and starting fresh, it again repeated the rapid open/ close trades.

Good news is that when I replaced it with V0.15 last night it appears to be working correctly: no Energizer bunny trading.

I don't know if Longbar fixed something in v0.14 or if the change to v0.15 just cured the problem, but so far so good.

JR

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Yes, I was running fixed lots with #2 exits.

I will try V15 and see if this fixes the problem.  I had no other EAs running at all.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
hi longbar,

will the ea still function as normal if the atr used is the standard one on mt4 and changed from 14 to 20?

--- 帖子 #720 ---
The use of 10-period EMA would be useless here since the  system  introduced here  may be replaced by the 5-13 EMA  crossover system   which produces same signals as the system.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
All,

Unfortunately I had to take my kid to hospital as urgency yesterday. Everything is under control now but please allow me a few days before I can follow up with questions and issues in this thread.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Hi LongBar

We will all think good thoughts for both you and you child and family.

I have two kids and that is not easy when you have to go to the hospital.

We hope all will be well!

FXWest

--- 帖子 #723 ---
HI LB

I too have a young family and my thoughts go out to you and your family. Take all the time that is required, trades will still keep coming but family is the most important.

Take care,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Longbar,

Family comes first! Especially children. After all whatever we are doing it is for them only.

Take care and my good wishes for quick recovery.

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Hello Longbar,

Family does come first. Best wishes to you and your family.

Regards,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #726 ---
HI Everyone,

Can anyone tell me if there has been a screenshot or a list of Imputs for the EA especially as it pertains to version 15.  There have been several changes made throughout this growing process and I have found it a little difficult to keep up.

Any help with this would be greatly appreciated.

Thanks

Doug

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Hi Longbar,

Stay focused on your family.

We'll all be here when things are mended and you're ready to continue. Take your time.

I have four young children and trips to the hospital can be worrisome times. It's one of the times they need you most.

Our best wishes to yours for a speedy recovery.

Best regards,

JR

--- 帖子 #728 ---
V015 made a great trade this morning on GPB/USD.  It closed half at 74.7 pips and the second half is currently 75 pips in profit with SL protecting part of that also.

Randy

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Hi Randy,

Did the V0.15 cure your hypertrading v0.14 ?

Mine did 2 GU trades this am but both hit SL on FXCM demo. Which broker did you use?

Cheers,

JR

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Is anyone having good success, taking profits with this new version.  Mine is not trading at all, no trades in 4 days.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
My prayers are with you and your family longbar, your a very generous person.

--- 帖子 #732 ---
I am using FXPro.

I closed out the 2nd pssn when it reached 100 pips.  Afraid of the retrace.

This morning so far, all losers. Eur/Jpy & USD/JPY.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Just wondering if anyone's been making profits trading this system recently. If so can you post your results?

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Hi LB

I hope your child gets well soon... our thoughts are for you and your family..

all the best

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Hi Mr Ed,

When body and wick of the Haiken Ashi are separated is that a valid signal? - same colour but not continous.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Hi Geribosi

Yes that is a valid signal.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Hello Mister ED,

I'm a newbie in forex and i'm very interested with your trading system. I hope you don't mind i'm asking some newbie question. My question is how do you calculate the signal candle with the ATR indi to determine it is between 50%-200%?

p/s : sorry if my english not good

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Thanks to all of you for your supporting thoughts, much appreciated!

I am glad to say that my little daughter is out of hospital and we just managed to fly back home - so everything is back to normal.

All the best,

Longbar

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Hi Longbar

Great news.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #740 ---
LB,

We are all relieved that your daughter is back at home and we hope life will soon return to normal for you and yours.

Alsea

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Glad to hear it.

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Hi Longbar,

Best news!

JR

--- 帖子 #743 ---
I have had ver 15 1 hr and 4 hr version running since they were uploaded here and NO trades. Is everyone having success with this new version?  What do you think I might be doing wrong?

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Has anyone in the thread had any manual trades put in this week following the system? If yes could you please share your results.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Hi,

I assume you have a smiley face in the upper right corner, the order size matches your broker's specs, and you have the HSA indicator loaded along with the EA.

Have you looked at the Experts tab entries? Look for line entries that have ERROR: then it lists something that went wrong. They usually point you in the right direction.

I've had 12 trades today on the H1 at FXCM and 4 on the H4.

JR

--- 帖子 #746 ---
JR and rcbarlow,

I took a quick look at this and seems to me there was a problem with v0.14 with fixed lot and exit 2. This was however got fixed in v0.15.

I suspect an issue though with v0.15 around the recovery process: I think if the second order fails then at next tick the first order gets closed and both (first & second) will be re-submitted. With version 0.14 this would result in an indefinite cycle of submit/close-out per tick, but with v0.15 this would keep up only until successful resubmission of both orders.

Could you have a look at your history logs to see you had the above behaviour?

Longbar

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Hi Longbar,

Welcome back.

Yes, I've seen that behavior with v0.15 as well.

On H4, I haven't found any instances, but on the H1 there were dozens of same minute open/closes when set to MM 3% and Exit 2. Same for M30 with MM 3% and Exit 0 and Exit 2. Same for M15 with MM 3% and Exit 2 (only M15 chart I ran).

Let me know if you want logs or more details.

JR

--- 帖子 #748 ---
JR : Thank you...

I re-read everything and discovered I did not have the ATR indicator installed.  I found the settings for 4 hr.
HA Smoothed Settings 2,6,3,2 / ATR – 20
1. Are these the same settings you are using?

2. In the EA are you still using ATRperiod = 20, ATRMultiplierSL =1.0, ATRMultiplierTP=1?

--- 帖子 #749 ---
I see a lot of talk in the threads about the GMT settings.  Is it really important? If so how can I adjust the EA for my GMT?

--- 帖子 #750 ---
I have been following this thread from the beginning and have also been paper trading the strategy on and off over the past 4 weeks.  I would love to use the EA but other than loading it into metatrader and dragging it onto the charts I don't know how to set up the correct trade days etc.  Can anyone help or guide me to the place where I can find the information?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #751 ---
longbar

can you add a on/off feature to the latest version EA for the 200% ATR price retracement feature option ?

trading on 50%-200% ATR is simpler

it may make less money but i think safer

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Hi ianforex,

Scroll through posts starting at page 24 (Longbar's EA v0.2) and just look for Longbar's new versions. He explains clearly what each new iteration offers and how to set the variables. Or you can read his summary of the version changes and help entries for the variables in the first couple pages of the .mq4 file (open it in Metaeditor).

Be sure you also read Mr Ed's .doc at the beginning of the thread. The method is clear and straightforward, and Longbar has been very conscientious in implementing Mr Ed's method as it was written.

For filtering each pairs trades with days and entry candle choices, see the Mister Ed HA example.xls spreadsheet that summarizes the results for different pairs, days of the week and entry candle choices. Lots of very useful insight into the method.

Mr Ed used FXDD which has a chart time of GMT+3. If you use a different GMT offset it could significantly change your results trading the H4 time frame (Offset won't effect H1 or shorter tf).

Using FXCM (GMT+1), I'm noting different profitable entry candle times. I'm guessing it's due to matching/ not matching London & NY market open times. HAS is a trend system and if the candle closes just after the open, it won't catch a reversal after the banks have done their stop running, and you will likely get stopped out. The Asian open is not usually as volatile so the candle close time doesn't seem to be as big a factor. Best candle close time appears to be 2 hours after market open time, at least for NY & London (just a quick look based on August 09).

There are a couple of unresolved items with v0.14 and v0.15 placing repeating orders. I'd suggest using v0.13 until they are resolved. The only features v0.13 lacks are the 2 separate orders for exit2 entries, and the ATR>200% retrace entry. Otherwise, it works very well and will give you a good sense of how Mr Ed's method performs. The retrace entries are maybe 1 out of 15 trades so not having that function won't greatly effect your results. Also, having the 2 order function isn't necessary unless you're using an ECN broker (FXCM or similar) that doesn't allow partial close of an order.

Hope this helps.

JR

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Hi gator-trader,

Yes, I'm using the defaults per Mr Ed and Longbar.

I'm tempted to vary the ATR's but don't have the time to test and the default 20 & 1.0 seem to be good choices.

JR

Just noticed your post about the GMT offset.

In post 752 above I mentioned what I've seen so far.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Hi Mister Ed

What have your recent results(past month or so) been trading this method?

Whats your latest optimization settings for the pairs?

--- 帖子 #755 ---
I was focusing on the recovery process as seems to me the problems JRpips8 and rcbarlow experienced are due to that - thanks pointing out by the way! Definitely there were EA issues and made changes to hopefully fix them

Now the forged backtests passed the recovery tests when the initial order (with TP) or the second order (for the trailing SL purposes) fails on submission. Due to the fact MT may report back (timeout) error AND at the same time create the ticket as well (huh!) the recovery logic at next tick cheks for ticket rather than blindly resubmit the failed one again. If ticket was found on the account then the recovery continues with the second order if applicable. This logic is appropriate assuming that the EA does the recovery immediatelly after the failed order submits, ie at next incoming tick(s). However if the EA was stopped before full recovery for an extended period of time then the price may move away that much that there is no point to do recovery. In this case I would suggest to complete the trade cycle manually.

FYI I was doing the tests with TwoStepOrderSubmit=false and ExitMethod=2.

See attached the bug fix version 0.15.1 of the EA.

Have a good trading week!

--- 帖子 #756 ---
I make an attempt to review all outstanding features/issues with the EA. This is the list comes to my mind with no particular order: Proper order handling during counter trigger Using the fixed HAS indicator - with wick below the body Tracking maximum retracement since order open Enable/disable retracement trigger entry T3 indicator News filter using THV3 FFCal.mq4 In terms of the trading strategy I think the very first one needs some attention. The EA closes off immediatelly existing orders and submits new orders when counter trigger found, but this may not be what Mr ED really does: Mister ED what is your view on this?

Any comment etc welcome as how to go on with EA development.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Hi Longbar,

Thanks for the updated version.

I'll test it this week. My TwoStepOrderSubmit=true and testing all 3 exit methods with both fixed and % entry.

Persistent Pending Orders

I've noticed that the pending orders last forever if not filled. Is it possible to remove a pending order if not filled by the end of the current candle? I'm removing them manually and it's not a big issue on an H4, but could be a lot of screen time on a shorter tf.

Cheers,

JR

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Hi JRpips8,

The EA meant to allocate expiration time to the pending orders so those should be valid only up the the last second of the bar next to the trigger bar. If your broker supports this feature you could see the expiration time in the order management window comes up by right click on the pending order and selecting the "Modify or Delete Order" entry. The EA also makes a log into the Experts tab when submitting the pending order and you should see something like this:

23:00:02 MisterED EURUSD,H4: INFO: SubmitOrder - new BUYSTOP order at bid:1.43474000 , entry:1.44052000 SL:1.43589000 TP:1.44515000 Lot:0.17000000 exp:2009.08.28 03:59:59 ExitMethod:2

The highlighted part is the date submitted to the broker the pending order should expire at.

Could you double check these on your demo accounts?

Longbar

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Hi Longbar,

Found this entry in one of the Experts logs:
13:27:07 MisterED_v0.15.0 AUDUSD,H4: INFO: SubmitOrder - new BUYSTOP order at bid:0.83804000 , entry:0.84166000 SL:0.00000000 TP:0.00000000 Lot:1.05000000 exp:2009.08.27 23:59:59 ExitMethod:0

13:27:07 is local MDT time and if the 23:59 exp time in the INFO entry is chart time, then it should have expired at 16:59 MDT which is the end of the bar next to the trigger bar. (MDT is -7 hrs from the chart time).

It appears the correct order for expiry was in place, but nothing happened. I removed the order manually from the pending orders at 22:48 MDT, almost 6 hrs past when it should have auto-deleted.

There were more than 20 pending orders scattered over 12 accounts.

Is this a broker optional support issue?

All the accounts were FXCM demos using the Boston Liquid Connection servers.

JR

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Right, this may suggest FXCM specifics...

Getting way too late for me now so I am going to set up an FXCM demo account to play around with it tomorrow.

Good night!

--- 帖子 #761 ---
I had 5 trades going on the USD when the dollar crashed and they all stopped out.  What happened to the Dollar today?  I guess in hindsight I shouldn't have entered all those trades against one currency.  I great lesson but what went wrong?

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Hi Longbar,

I've been testing the M30 and M15 tf's. I noticed that it traded almost every bar for awhile, and then stopped trading, displaying "INFO: CheckTrigger - this bar not marked for trading".

I had originally entered all 24 hours of bars to the EA and it saved them, but when I looked at the TradeTime field I saw that the entry had been truncated.

Here is a copy of the TradeTime M15 values still in the EA:
00:00 00:15 00:30 00:45 01:00 01:15 01:30 01:45 02:00 02:15 02:30 02:45 03:00 03:15 03:30 03:45 04:00 04:15 04:30 04:45 05:00 05:15 05:30 05:45 06:00 06:15 06:30 06:45 07:00 07:15 07:30 07:45 08:00 08:15 08:30 08:45 09:00 09:15 09:30 09:45 10

The rest, up to 23:45, were truncated. The field allows entry, appears to save them in the .set file, but when you exit the EA screen, then open it again, over half the entries are missing.

The field apparently has a smallish character limit.

If the field size can't be adjusted programmatically, could you work around by creating a "switch" that interprets a completely blank field as allowing all candles to be traded?

I already tried emptying the field but I still get the

"INFO: CheckTrigger - this bar not marked for trading" message.

Cheers,

JR

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Yeah, I installed an FXCM demo account to play with this. Manual pending order submit takes the provided expiration date into consideration - however the same ignored when provided from an MQ4 scripts, ie EA. Similarly to SL/TP the expiration date must be set in a follow up order, so we fall back to the existing TwoStepOrderSubmit feature and its scope had to be expanded with the expiration date as well...

The attached EA v0.15.2 has to fixes: Expiration date now allocated in the second step for ECN type brokers like FXCM (set TwoStepOrderSubmit to true to enable this mode) A recovery process fix I ran into when the second pending order submit fails after a retracement trigger JR: you should see now the expiration date for all the pending orders and those should be cancelled by the broker at the end of the bar should they not get triggered earlier. Well at least that's the hope

Longbar

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Hi JR,

That's right, a string input to the EA will be truncated to max 255 characters. This way the list can cater for all the schedule up to 30M granularity/chart. For the 15M or less TF charts the full list would be longer than the 255 chars so some bars will have to be left out.

I like the idea of the empty list which means all possible bars. This is the way already implemented for backtest runs, if the day is listed at TradeDay and the corresponding TradeTimeXXX is left empty then the EA would consider all possible bars. I will make this feature available to "normal" (ie non backtest) mode as well.

Cheers

Longbar

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Hi,

In order of importance, I'd like to see the following: Proper order handling during counter trigger. I assume the close & reverse that's currently implemented is the choice, but Mr Ed might have other best results to consider. Option to "Trade opposite to signal." I've made several days tests on the M15 (3% & exit2, $25k account) and each one has had a losing trades rate between 80-92 %. This happened while the M30, with otherwise identical settings, was profitable during the exact same trade times. I've so far tested only during the Asian and very early London session. Last night the M30 was +$1,250 for the period, while trading the opposite of the M15 signals would have netted +$9,350 (3% & exit0). It's worth exploring, especially on shorter tf's in ranging market conditions where the HAS is consistently behind and a great counter trade indicator. Option to set a minimum SL for exit1 entry. Occasionally a trade is triggered where the ATR is very low (2-9 pips)but the 50-200 % requirement is met. It leads to a trade where the SL is just a few pips away and is quickly triggered in the noise. Setting a minimum # of pips SL could provide a wider SL if you want to take the trade. The low momentum in these instances would make me personally pass on the trade so I'd prefer setting a "minimum ATR pips required to trade" value. EURGBP is good example of pair that sometimes stagnates but still triggers a trade and then gets stopped out quickly. Option to limit combined risk. Something simple like "Max # of open trades" or "Minimum % Margin Required to Trade" Option to use the wick or body of the HAS indicator for TSL. I've used both the original and the v2 and they give identical results in exit 1&2, but I assume that's because it's using the body, not the wick. Wicks are more pronounced in v2 and I'd like to test to see which is more profitable in use. Tracking maximum retracement since order open The T3 is not of interest. Additional indicators, however well intentioned and logical appearing, usually just muddy the method and results and invite discretionary trades. KISS.

I check the news frequently during the day and consider it essential, but I don't want it included in the EA. Too complex an addition. Most traders will trade some, but not all, red/ orange events, so a simple flag won't work and you're back to assessing each event and deciding trade/ no trade. There are several free news indicators that will post recent/ upcomming events and you can filter for red, orange, yellow flags per FF calendar. Keep it separate and choose the one you like best, or just check the news calendars. Again, KISS.

Being able to Enable/disable retracement trigger entry wouldn't hurt, but I don't believe it offers much potential for improving results, so it would be a low priority.

JR

--- 帖子 #766 ---
I submitted a post yesterday about some trades I made against the USD which all failed.  Did anybody else place these trades?  On looking back at them they were all against the daily trend.  Mr Ed is this something you take into consideration before making the trade?

--- 帖子 #767 ---
I'm using the mister ED strategy about two days, but i can understand this points:

1- How i can used the stop loss?

2- when i konw the signal to close the trade?

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Hi Mister Ed and everyone

Do you still find the optimization settings set out below and in your system document profitable or has yours changed?

GBPJPY-trade every day

GBPUSD-trade only Monday, Tuesday

EURJPY-trade Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday

EURUSD-trade Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday

USDCAD-trade Monday, Friday

EURGBP-trade every day

AUDUSD-trade just Monday

AUDJPY-trade every day

NZDUSD-trade Monday, Friday

USDJPY-trade every day

Gold-trade Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday

How much do you emphasize the importance of this factor to the success of the system.

Would be great if Mister Ed or anyone with some experience of using this system to answer my question.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Hi Bar, Ianforex and everyone

The optimization is there to improve the performance of the system. Without it the system works but not as well. I am still fiddling around with these settings and may have more information in the next few weeks.

Last month was the worst on record, on the regular trades I lost 104 pips and the optimised settings lost 336 pips. Most of that difference came about on the last day so it gives a wierd reversal of the optimisation.

August was a strange month and so I am not too disheartened for the longer term performance. This was just the first loss in 20 months. Now that the summer is over I feel that things will trend a bit more, especially after Fridays NFP results.

Ian as for your question about taking trades against the trend I agree that this may help, but it is then becoming a subjective trade which I have tried to avoid with this system. Because it is as close to automatic as I can get you will have losing trades. I also wouldn't probably have traded these signals live because it was the last day of August combined with being a Monday. This could be a tricky combination and so probably should be avoided. However as I am logging all possible trades I have included all of them in my statistics.

I will try to keep adding my input but the next few weeks are likely to be busy with the start of school and work etc.

Stick with the system as I feel that things are likely to improve this month.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Mr Ed,

Thanks for the reply,  I agree with you about trading on a Monday and at the end of the month, I'll learn a good lesson from this.

Cheers,

Ian

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Mr Ed and others,

I was referred to this thread a few days ago and with much interest have been following along.  I've read through the first 23 pages of this thread in detail and then skipped to p.48 where I got the v0.15 of the EA.  I've been 'playing' with it in a demo account and think that I have everything pretty well understood.

I've even been playing with it dynamically in the M15 chart of EURUSD and made two very nice trades today.

I set up about 6 pairs using the H4 charts and just noticed 2 trades triggered at the 00:00 time mark.

USDCHF triggered a short on the H4 chart.

GBPUSD triggered long on the H4 chart.

Just to check my setup, do you agree these are valid signals?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #772 ---
I made a few small changes to the EA. TradeDay and TradeTimeXXX parameters can be set to "All" to do trade for all day/bar opportunities Time frame of the chart is used for trading when EAPeriod is set to 0 New parameter MaxOpenPriceDiff in pips allows/limits 2nd order recovery within X pips of the first order's open price The new value 'All' can substitude the full list of either name of all days (TradeDay parameter) or time of all bars (TradeTimeXXX param). This will simplify setting up the EA when all opportunities should be traded. The All word is case sensitive, no spaces before after the word please...

The MaxOpenPriceDiff parameter provides a bit of +/- pips flexibility for the second order entry around the open price of the first order. If you want that the second order should not be submitted should the price since the first order moved away more than 10 pips then set the MaxOpenPriceDiff to 10. Note that this parameter value will be adjusted to 3 or 5 digit feed, ie multiplied by 10 in that case to deal with platforms using fraction pips.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #773 ---
LB,

Nice additions to v16!!

Alsea

--- 帖子 #774 ---
I figured out that the reason I was getting the Debug messages was due to the fact that I forgot to set "Allow Live Trading" in the params.  I'd still like a reference to the usage of the StatMethod parameter.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
There is one new feature to (back)test the performance of the standard and retracement entries independently as well as combined.

New feature: EntryMethod parameter to trade only standard or retracement triggers, or both of themValue 0: Standard entry only 1: Retracement entry only 2: Both of them  Fixed: Entry price for pending order was set incorrectly during recovery (introduced by addition of MaxOpenPriceDiff parameter yesterday  ) Have a good trading!

Longbar

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Hi BeerTrader,

The EA generates a statistical file upon detach/MT exit/EA parameter changes in the dialog window. The generation of this file is controlled by the StatMethod parameter value: 0: stat file will never get generated 1: stat file will be generated at the end of a backtest run (see Strategy Tester feature of MT terminal) 2: stat file will be generated for live and demo accounts as well as backtest runs For the last one ensure that you enabled "All History" in the Account History tab to list all the tickets from the past for the purpose of stat file generation.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Hi, I finally got thru all this thread. Had too many distractions to do it all in 1 go.

A very very big thankyou to Mister ED for sharing his system and to LongBar for all his ea work.

Its very impressive seeing how LB has developed the ea piece by piece, adding functions on the way.

I play on a FXDD demo that was meant to be mini, but appears standard as 0.1 pip is $1 profit/loss on a USD pair. Time to load some charts.

Had a dig around for an old ea tutorial I read, along the lines of "Hello World", but it would look better with "Hello Mister ED".

If you check my posts under my name, I put a thankyou post on an ea Tutorial thread back in Jul09 that was a bit more advanced.

Beware of the programming bug, it will cost you more sleep than trading already does.

cheers scalpz

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Hey,

Been catching up on this thread for a week or so and so excited about it.  Manually entered 5 trades last week, all profitable.  Set up the EA tonight and ran into some issues.  I had two questions regarding the EA:

1)  Is it possible to run the EA just as an indicator with trigger alerts, and not have it execute for you - so you have to manually enter the trade.  I love the clarity of Mr. Ed's system, but have my hesitations about EA's (I'm green to forex so not comfortable handing over the reigns).

2)  This may be beyond the scope of this thread, but wanted to report back.  I set up a profile running the EA on a group of currency pairs on 4hr and 15min TF's.  Several 15 min trades where triggered, but when it entered the initial orders, it used ATR from the 4hr charts instead of the 15 min charts - very bad.  Any idea why this would happen?  I'm attaching screen shot of chart that has some error messages.  I know this thread is dedicated to Mr. Ed's criteria - 4hr, but I've had manual success with other time frames so would like to get EA working properly running multiple TF's in same profile, if its of use to others.

(having problems attaching screenshot, will add when I get it figured out)

Thanks to Mr. Ed, Longbar and everyone else for your contributions.

Best,

FF

--- 帖子 #779 ---
So stepped back and just trying to run EA on 4hr charts, it opened AUD/JPY trade an hour after candle opened and it wasn't even a trigger candle - help?

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Hi ForeverForex,

Please double check your EAPeriod parameter setting.

If you want the EA to trade the 15M timeframe, regardless what period the char is on, then set the EAPeriod to 3. This is different than the default of 6, which is for the 4H TF.

If you want the EA to trade the same TF of the chart then you set the EAPeriod to 0. In this case ensure that the chart is a 15M one.

Hope this would get it rolling,

Longbar

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Thanks for the reply, Longbar..

I had manually set the 15 min charts to "3" and the 4hr to "6", I'll try setting them back to "0" and see what happens.  I'm getting all kinds of false entries, order entry errors, like first order not going through, some s/l not being set.  The crossover of the ATR between 15 and 4hr is really weird.  Sure it must be some sort of user error, but thought it was pretty straightforward to set up - you've made it really easy to understand all the inputs.

Thanks,

FF

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Editbot,  One thing that I've discovered using MT4 with multiple time frames is that regardless of the time frame you are viewing, you will visually 'see' the Profit target and Stop Loss levels for any currently opened position in that same pair.  For example, if your H4 timeframe triggered and bought/sold a position and set its respective PT/SL orders, when you move to view the M15 chart you will see those active PT/SL order levels.    Also to address your other question... yes, you can set the parameters on your EA to alert you with a pop-up and require you to manually place the orders.  Joel

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Mr Ed or Longbar,  I've been playing with the M15 time frame and see something that I don't quite understand.  Currently (9/7 18:45 GMT, 11:45 EST), with EURUSD on M15 time frame, I see what looked like a valid Sell trigger.  The messages in the Expert Terminal window however indicate otherwise due to some conditional mixed color.  2009.09.07 11:44:51MisterED_v0.17.0 EURUSD,M15: INFO: CheckTrigger - mixed colour trigger HA bar, waiting for open bar to close (SELL,BUY)  2009.09.07 12:00:02MisterED_v0.17.0 EURUSD,H1: INFO: CheckTrigger - no colour change in HA direction, no trade triggered (BUY,2:BUY)  I've seen other messages that indicate the EA goes into some kind of 3 candle lookback procedure to see if a new color change validates a signal  Is there something that describes this procedure?  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
I don't think those are the issues, unfortunately - There were accurate trigger candles on the 15 min charts, trade arrows appeared, but s/l and t/p were same as the concurrent ATR for the 4hr candle.

BT, can you explain how to set the EA not to trade for you but to give the alerts?

TIA,

FF

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Hi ForeverForex,

Indeed the chart looks strange

Would you attach or PM me the experts log file at <path to MT>/experts/logs folder so I could follow up on this?

Cheers

Longbar

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Editbot/FF,

Just go to the EA properties and on the Common tab.

Check "Enable Alerts"

and you may also want to check both of the Live Trading settings:

"Allow Live Trading" and "Ask Manual Confirmation"

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Mister ED described this in the document at the first post - see the 1st point of the standard entry on page 3:

1)    wait for the HA signal to change colour completely from blue to red (or vice versa). The whole candle must change so that the body and the wick are the same colour

The EA checks for HA colour change for up to 3 bars. In the simple case the 2nd bar (trigger bar) colour becomes the opposit of the 1st one. In the complicated case the 2nd bar is mixed (body differs from wicks) and only the 3rd bar would change completely the colour opposit to the 1st bar. If the colour change sequence would take longer than 3 bars then the EA will not consider that as a trigger.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Is there currently (or maybe an option) a way, to set the take profit on the 2nd lot to two times ATR?

Leave Stop as it is.

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Longbar,

Thank you... that helps my understanding.

One thing that might be a nice variable/feature add for those of us playing in the off-hours and with the M15 time frame would be a Minimum ATR value parameter, perhaps defaulted to a value of 10.  This would filter out signals in the very low activity time frames that will most likely get quickly stopped out.

For example: EURUSD M15 at 9/07 22:15 when ATR was 0.0005

As I type, another just triggered:

EURUSD M15 at 9/08 02:30  when ATR is 0.0005

I will manually reset for a wider SL on this one.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Do I need to change my settings. Ver 17 not trading on any pairs for me.

here is my set file. / 4hr charts

MagicNumber=20090170

EAPHelp=0:Chart TF, 1:1M, 2:5M, 3:15M, 4:30M, 5:1H, 6:4H, 7, 8:W, 9:M

EAPeriod=6

EMHelp=0:Standard entry only, 1:Retracement only, 2:Both standard and retracement

EntryMethod=2

RetraceTriggerPct=64.00000000

TDHelp=List of days to trade OR 'All' for every day (Mon,Tue,Wed,Thu,Fri,Sat,Sun)

TradeDay=All

TTHelp=Check for trade at bar times in HH:MM format OR 'All' for every bar (HH=00-23, MM=00-59)

TradeTimeMon=All

TradeTimeTue=All

TradeTimeWed=All

TradeTimeThu=All

TradeTimeFri=All

TradeTimeSat=All

TradeTimeSun=All

ExMHelp=0:Fixed TP1 off ATR, 1:Trailing SL on HAS bar, 2:TP1 + trailing HAS bar orders

ExitMethod=0

PLCHelp=Percent of lots for order with TP1 (ExitMethod=2 only)

TP1OrderLotsPct=50

MRDPHelp=Max price difference to open pair of orders

MaxOpenPriceDiff=10

MMMHelp=0:Off, 1:% of Acc/balance

MoneyMgtMethod=5

LHelp=Lot size when MoneyMgt is off (MoneyMgtMethod=0)

Lots1=0.02000000

Lots2=0.02000000

TRAPHelp=Account % to risk when MoneyMgt is on (MoneyMgtMethod=1)

TradeRiskAccPct=2.00000000

AMTPHelp=TP1 = ATR() * ATRMultiplierTP

ATRMultiplierTP=1.25000000

AMSLHelp=SL = ATR() * ATRMultiplierSL

ATRMultiplierSL=1.25000000

SMHelp=0:Off, 1:Backtest only, 2:Always

StatMethod=1

HAS_MA1_Method=2

HAS_MA1_Period=6

HAS_MA2_Method=3

HAS_MA2_Period=2

ATRPeriod=20

TwoStepOrderSubmit=0

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Has anyone made any money consistently trading this system?

I know it's had losing runs, which all systems have any way.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Hi,

Check your MoneyMgtMethod value. It's set to:

"MoneyMgtMethod=5".

The only two options are "0" to trade fixed lots, or "1" to risk a % of your equity.

"MMMHelp=0:Off, 1:% of Acc/balance."

That's all I see that might cause a problem.

JR

--- 帖子 #793 ---
As I'm a Junior Member, I can't PM you... So here's the file...actually it ForexFactory won't allow log files...

Here's link to sept. 6th, day with all the errors:

http://www.keepandshare.com/doc/view...d=1364611&da=y

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Hi Longbar,

Also getting quite a few errors of orders not going through properly (this is on 15 and 30 min TF's)

"ERROR: ModifyOrder - failed to modify order SL/TP/exp (0.87730000, 0.87630000, 1970.01.01 00:00:00, 0.87640000) (MT Code: 130 Desc: invalid stops) [2009.09.08 08::09:53]"

That one got recovery message later.  Another one says "INFO: RecoverEntry - about to recover set TP leg SL/TP for ticket ..."

How does EA try to re-enter missed orders or missed SL/TP, when does it re-attempt?

BTW, not getting these errors on 4hr charts, just these other timeframes.

Thanks!!

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Hi ForeverForex,

There is in inherent problem running the EA on low timeframes. As you (or someone else) recently pointed out the ATR value can be very low on 15M TF, just a few pips. This results in SL/TP being just a few pips away from the entry level. Most of the brokers however would not allow SL & TP to be within a few pips of the current price, there is a minimum distance, say from a few up to 10ish pips the SL & TP must be away from the current price to get the order through....

When these orders fail the EA will blindly try to correct the missing SL/TP values but because those would be again too close to the current price the order submit will fail again and again, etc

As you said this is not a problem on the 4H chart, simply because the ATR (=SL/TP) value is higher and pushing the order SL/TP parameters away from the current price enough.

What I can suggest is to scale up the SL/TP values by using the ATRMultiplierXX parameters on the lower timeframes. Set them to 2 or 3 to double or triple the ATR value to be used for SL & TP.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Hi ForeverForex,

Reviewing the log file I see that you have a good number of EA instances running on 15M and 4H charts. There are EA instance pairs which are running on the same currency on different time frames, one on 15M and the other on 4H. I see that the EA instances use the very same magic number across the board which will get the EA's confused running on the same currency - the EA running on 15M timeframe will see the tickets belonging to the 4H TF as its own. This will cause ticket mishandling and errors alright

Also this probably explains your earlier chart where ticket was opened in the middle of an uptrend without HA colour change: likely that ticket was opened by the other EA running on the same pair but on different chart & time frame.

I would suggest to use unique magic number for each EA instance per currency timeframe. Ie set the MagicNumber parameter to a unique value for each EA running on the same currency pair. That would hopefully resolve your issue.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Awesome - thanks, Longbar.  Does each chart need unique number (say running 6 pairs all 4hr TF?) or just same pairs on diff. TF's (3 unique numbers for EUR/USD on 4hr, 1hr, 15min TFs?)

Best,

FF

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Longbar,

I have loaded the EA (latest ver.) but am not getting any trades.I've loaded it on 4hr.TF .

Any suggestions?

Thank you.

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Longbar,

Below is a journal excerpt showing the opening of order 6908461 at 2009.09.07 23:01:09, a USDCHF sell, followed a couple minutes later by a failed [Trade timeout] message for a similar order but with no price values.

I'm on FXCM and the 2 step is enabled to allow the follow-up SL/TP order modifications.

There was no recorded attempt to write a SL for 6908461 but it appears it tried to open a duplicate order, albeit one without any price values, instead of modifying the open order with a SL.

The Trade and Account History entries do not show any other failed attempts to add the SL, except for exit 0 or 2 orders that opened and closed in the same minute, fairly common for H1 and shorter tf's during low ranging market times.

The trade (3% exit1=TSL) was opened on the trade tab at 2009.09.08 06:01 local MDT, 7.24 lots at 1.05960 and is still running. It never attempted to enter a SL value and the trade is still open. (Happily, it's up over $10,500+ but of course it could have been a $10,500 loss.)

Is this a broker/MT4 internal error or is the EA missing something here?

2009.09.08 00:00:00 '2088184702': order #6910697 sell 4.15 USDCAD at 1.07669 was modified -> sl: 1.07828 tp: 0.00000
2009.09.08 00:00:00 '2088184702': request in process
2009.09.08 00:00:00 '2088184702': request was accepted by server
2009.09.07 23:59:59 '2088184702': modify order #6910697 sell 4.15 USDCAD at 1.07669 sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 -> sl: 1.07828 tp: 0.00000
2009.09.07 23:59:59 '2088184702': order was opened : #6910697 sell 4.15 USDCAD at 1.07669 sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
2009.09.07 23:59:59 '2088184702': request in process
2009.09.07 23:59:59 '2088184702': request was accepted by server
2009.09.07 23:59:59 '2088184702': order sell market 4.15 USDCAD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
2009.09.07 23:34:05 '2088184702': login
2009.09.07 23:33:03 '2088184702': login
2009.09.07 23:32:11 '2088184702': connect failed [No connection]
2009.09.07 23:04:28 '2088184702': order sell 7.24 USDCHF opening at 0.00000 sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Trade timeout]
2009.09.07 23:01:09 '2088184702': order was opened : #6908461 sell 7.24 USDCHF at 1.05960 sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
2009.09.07 23:01:09 '2088184702': request in process
2009.09.07 23:01:09 '2088184702': request was accepted by server
2009.09.07 23:01:09 '2088184702': order sell market 7.24 USDCHF sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
2009.09.07 23:00:10 Expert stdlib USDCHF,H1: loaded successfully

JR

--- 帖子 #800 ---
This is what you should consider:  "just same pairs on diff. TF's (3 unique numbers for EUR/USD on 4hr, 1hr, 15min TFs?)"

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Vinesh, would you post a screenshot for a start please?

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Hi Longbar,

Forever Forex's suggestion for an option to set a minimum ATR pip value was #3 on my wish list in post 765 for the same reason. I wrote, "The low momentum in these instances would make me personally pass on the trade so I'd prefer setting a "minimum ATR pips required to trade" value."

While your solution to change the ATR multilier to 2 or 3 would work, it would require frequent adjustment as market conditions change, higher multiples in low range markets and lower multiples for trending/ wide range markets. I'm monitoring 18 pair and I doubt I could keep up and get the multiples right.

The "minimum ATR pips required to trade" option would be mostly a set and forget one, tailored to each pair.

As you pointed out, it's moot on H4 and higher tf, but the H1 and even M15 show promise if the "noise" trades are removed, something the "ATR pips required" option could help do.

Admittedly, it's for tf's other than Mr Ed's H4, so if it's a major rewrite, then I'd bump it down the list, but still...

Cheers,

JR

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Hi JR,

Hmm, it does look wierd. The 461 ticket was submitted at 1.0596 but then it timed out with the "opening at 0.00000" message. Keep in mind though that the time out does not necessary mean the order did not succeed - this is an MT nuance.

If you could dig out the corresponding messages from the Experts tab that would give insight from the EA viewpoint what order parameters where used for the submit. Also that would show what error (if any) the EA recognised during this submit.

If you still have that phantom order open then please check out its magic number: move the mouse over the ticket to make the yellow hint appear. The last part of that hint tells you the magic number. I would be very interested to see what that magic number value is... if that was missing or not matching with the EA parameter that would explain why the EA does not manage the ticket.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Ohhh, I missed the point earlier I am afraid

I though this minimum would be a value to adjust the SL would the ATR less than that.

But you actually talk about a trading filter: skip the trade if ATR is less than this value.

Makes sense now - will add to the new features list.

My way of thinking is that the current v0.17 EA implements all the strategy pieces Mister ED defined (right?). If no major problem comes up with it then I make the EA to version 1.0.0 and it becomes the starting point for all new features like this minimum ATR value filter.

LB

--- 帖子 #805 ---
JR,  I was the one to suggest a minimum ATR Value setting back on post #789.  A simple parameter such as MinATR or MinimumATR as an input parameter I would think would be a very simple 'switch' type enhancement.  If ATR is greater than MinATR then execute the remainder of the EA, else skip it and wait to check next HA candle.  It might even make the EA run faster since it wouldn't need to execute cycles to evaluate the HA candle color change, etc.  This would be a VERY nice enhancement making the EA more universal and dynamic/adaptive to changing market conditions.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Longbar:  Have watched your incredible work on this EA. Very good for all of the members.  I am new"bie" here and not experienced in dealing with code before it's converted to exe. file.   Please direct me to the instructions for putting your v.17 into the MT4 platform.  I have loaded many commercial EA's and just not one from code.

Regarding the above post dealing with wicks, I have been working for months on the Steinitz HAS MTF, did many hours of calc's, and observed when the decreasing candle bodies become mixed (candle one color and wick the oposite color) an approach could be to exclude the "doji".  A simple but effective approach.

Also, at some time will the ATR and HAS be included into the EA?

Again, thank you so much for making this EA a reality.

Atlas1

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Getting error

H4: ERROR: SubmitOrder - order submit failed (MT Code: 4051 Desc: invalid function parameter value)

--- 帖子 #808 ---
I discovered the Error.  I had mm set top 5 because I thought it wanted to know what percent to trade.  I set it to 1 for mm and used the correct field for the percent to trade and it started to work instantly.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Longbar,

I think you've got it all there in 0.17. I see nothing missing from Mr Ed's .doc and posts. I think it's ready for becomming version 1.0.0. You've done a great job of systematically implementing Mr Ed's method into the EA in a very short period of time. I won't even ask if you ever sleep.

Mr Ed could you review and note if anything of your method is missing in the v0.17?

JR

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Hi Longbar,

I'd already manually closed the order when it retraced to the HAS body so I don't know the magic number when it was open. The MT report lists 20090906 which is the same as the one in the USDCHF chart EA Inputs.

Here's the excerpt from the Experts log:

23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: INFO: CheckTrigger - mixed colour 2nd HA bar, using 3rd HA bar for trigger evaluation (SELL,BUY)
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: INFO: CheckTrigger - HA colour change found, potential SELL direction trade (SELL,3:BUY)
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: INFO: CalculateLots - lots to risk (20517.43000000, 615.52290000, 84.94172054, 7.25000000, 7.24000000, 0.00000000)
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: INFO: SubmitOrder - new SELL order at bid:1.05955000 , entry:1.05955000 SL:0.00000000 TP:0.00000000 Lot:7.24000000 exp:1970.01.01 00:00:00 ExitMethod:1
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 AUDUSD,H1: DEBUG: CheckPrereqs - Trade is not allowed, will try again at next incoming tick
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 GBPCHF,H1: DEBUG: CheckPrereqs - Trade is not allowed, will try again at next incoming tick
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 EURCHF,H1: DEBUG: CheckPrereqs - Trade is not allowed, will try again at next incoming tick
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 AUDJPY,H1: modify #6908461 sell 7.24 USDCHF at 1.060 sl: 0.000 tp: 0.000 ok
23:03:20 MisterED_v0.17.0 NZDUSD,H1: INFO: CheckTrigger - no colour change in HA direction, no trade triggered (SELL,2:SELL)
23:04:28 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: ERROR: SubmitOrder - order submit failed (MT Code: 128 Desc: trade timeout)
23:04:28 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: INFO: CheckTrigger - mixed colour 2nd HA bar, using 3rd HA bar for trigger evaluation (SELL,BUY)
23:04:28 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: INFO: CheckTrigger - HA colour change found, potential SELL direction trade (SELL,3:BUY)
23:04:28 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: WARNING: CloseOrders - ticket in line with current trigger, exiting close (6908461, 1)

Hope this helps.

JR

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Hi, I just finished reading the thread for the first time.  Special thanks to Mr. Ed for revealing the method and to Longbar and others for putting together the EA.

I am not interested in using the  EA for automatic trading as I start to demo this, because I use Oanda (non MT4).  However, it will be great for me to run on IBFX demo to save me time in setting up, calculations, etc.

I noticed that there had been an unusual string of losses recently and that Mr. Ed has not posted since 9/1.  Just based on what I know of Mr. Ed from reading this thread, I am sure he is knee-deep in analysis.

Does anyone have any insights into what the market served up recently that made this method deviate slightly from it's historical performance?

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Hi Atlas1,

Instaling the EA in the form of source code or compiled is no difference, so as have done EA installation in the past this is easy for you. These are the steps: Download the EA, copy it to your <path to MT>/experts folder Download the HA indicator from the very first post, copy it to your <path to MT>/experts/indicators folder Restart/start up MT The EA should be now listed in the Navigator window (Ctrl+N) at the Expert Advisors section. Similarly the HAS should be listed at the Custom Inidicators section.

Once the installation is done just open a chart and attach the EA to the chart - that's it.

Enjoy!

Longbar

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Hi JR,

There is something very "interesting" here.

The EA log suggests that the USDCHF order has been submitted, MT rejected with time out, however the order got through to the account:
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: INFO: SubmitOrder - new SELL order at bid:1.05955000 , entry:1.05955000 SL:0.00000000 TP:0.00000000 Lot:7.24000000 exp:1970.01.01 00:00:00 ExitMethod:1
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 AUDUSD,H1: DEBUG: CheckPrereqs - Trade is not allowed, will try again at next incoming tick
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 GBPCHF,H1: DEBUG: CheckPrereqs - Trade is not allowed, will try again at next incoming tick
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 EURCHF,H1: DEBUG: CheckPrereqs - Trade is not allowed, will try again at next incoming tick
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 AUDJPY,H1: modify #6908461 sell 7.24 USDCHF at 1.060 sl: 0.000 tp: 0.000 ok
23:03:20 MisterED_v0.17.0 NZDUSD,H1: INFO: CheckTrigger - no colour change in HA direction, no trade triggered (SELL,2:SELL)
23:04:28 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: ERROR: SubmitOrder - order submit failed (MT Code: 128 Desc: trade timeout)
23:04:28 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: INFO: CheckTrigger - mixed colour 2nd HA bar, using 3rd HA bar for trigger evaluation (SELL,BUY)
23:04:28 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: INFO: CheckTrigger - HA colour change found, potential SELL direction trade (SELL,3:BUY)
23:04:28 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: WARNING: CloseOrders - ticket in line with current trigger, exiting close (6908461, 1)

It is clear that the time out took place, on the other hand at next tick the CloseOrders function found a left-over ticket from the previous submit, ie the order had been processed to the account despite the time-out.

From your earlier post, the MT log shows that the submitted order in question got the ticket number 6908461:
2009.09.07 23:32:11 '2088184702': connect failed [No connection]
2009.09.07 23:04:28 '2088184702': order sell 7.24 USDCHF opening at 0.00000 sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Trade timeout]
2009.09.07 23:01:09 '2088184702': order was opened : #6908461 sell 7.24 USDCHF at 1.05960 sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
2009.09.07 23:01:09 '2088184702': request in process
2009.09.07 23:01:09 '2088184702': request was accepted by server
2009.09.07 23:01:09 '2088184702': order sell market 7.24 USDCHF sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000

Apart from the dummy time-outs and follow up "No connection", this is where it gets "interesting": according to the Experts log this ticket was picked up by the AUDJPY EA
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 AUDJPY,H1: modify #6908461 sell 7.24 USDCHF at 1.060 sl: 0.000 tp: 0.000 ok

This is really unexpected turn! When you have a look at the Acoount History tab, what details do you see for the ticket 6908461? specifically what pair is it associated with? USDCHF or AUDJPY?

Longbar

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Hi,

Just want to report my results so far to the group.  This is manual trading.

Started trading on 9/3 and am up 428 pips as of today.  I have 4 long positions open on CAD/JPY, GBP/JPY, GBP/CHF, EUR/JPY and one short on EUR/GBP.  I'm trading on 4hr and Daily charts.

I've missed some signals due to either sleep or work, but find this a very concrete and easy to use strategy.  I check charts at each close (as I am able) which takes about 2 minutes to see if trade is indicated, and another 5-10 minutes to place orders, then I walk a way and do it again if 4 hours.

This is all demo trading, will report again when I go live.  Can anyone recommend a reputable MT4 broker that is true ECN (or STP/NDD) and allows microlot trading?

Thanks to everyone for your contributions to this thread!!

Oh, also a question - what to do in situation where "buy" is triggered but HA candle reverses (changes to red) on the next candle or two, should one close long position and go short (I can't hedge with U.S. broker and go both ways)?

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Forever, I am not sure what the answer is to your question because I forgot (I have read about 5 different threads over the past 3 days), but I know that I saw it asked and answered in the thread somewhere...sorry I could not be of more help.

And just an FYI if you did not read the entire thread, the method just recently had it longest string of losers and worst series just recently....so just be cautious as you open your new account.

Have you tracked wins and losses since you started using the system....since I trade on fixed risk, I am always a lot more interested in those stats than in pip counts.  I am hoping that Mr. Ed is going to check back in with his verdict as to whether any changes need to be made based on the recent trades.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
McPip - 8 wins, 4 losses

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Hi Longbar,

Interesting?  This is looking more like the Twilight Zone.

The account history shows USDCHF.

Is it "just" an internal MT4 error or broker back end snafu?

JR

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Yeah, keep in mind the EA as well as MT is just a piece of software, these handle right those situations these have been programmed for... Whether this is EA or MT problem (or both) is yet to be seen. I took a look at the EA code and I do not see an obvious bug, the EA everywhere filters the orders using the Symbol (ie USDCHF) of the chart it is attached to so an EA attached to AUDJPY chart shall never pick up order belonging to USDCHF chart. What I'd like to know the exact details of that particular order to make a call here. I'll implement a small script for you and you can run that on that account to select that order and extract the order details as can be seen from the MQ4 interface side. It would generate a few lines into the Expert log window so if you post those then would help to make progress here. How does this sound?

Longbar

--- 帖子 #819 ---
I downloaded HA indicator from this thread, but it doesn't look like the one MR ED posted. My colors are different which is not a big issue, but what about those vertical  lines?  I don't have those.

So HA is overlaid over regular candles in the indicator.. Correct? I'm not that familiar with HA.

Are settings 2632 preset in his HA indicator?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Hi Longbar,

Sure, I'd be happy to run it for you.

It would be interesting to know how it happened.

Is it run like any other MT4 script?

Let me know when you have it ready.

JR

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Longbar,

I've noticed that when I have the boxes checked for live trading and Ask manual confirmation, it's impossible to decline the trade.

The order confirmation window, after I close it, just pops up again at the next tick. There is no option in the order window to decline the order confirmation.

Is this an inherent MT behavior or is there some way to leave the boxes checked, but have the order window close permanently (until a new signal on a later bar), if I decline the order it wants confirmed?

For now I've unchecked both boxes, and the expert log is writing a new line at every tick for each unchecked pair, "DEBUG: CheckPrereqs-Trade is not allowed, will try again at next tick". Makes for a huge experts log file.

Cheers,

JR

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Hi Forex4me

The vertical lines I just added manually to help indicate where the trade signals were, they are not part of any indicator.

The HA settings you will need to check when you set up the HA on the chart. Just click on the HA smoothed indicator and look in the properties.

The HA is overlaid on the candles.

I hopefully will be able to update more this weekend. Last month was tough but things appear to be a bit more stable now, some good trends recently,eg Gold. Looks like the JPY crosses are going for a big move this afternoon.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Mister ED,

When I click on HA property and then on inputs i see color 1, color 2, color 3 and color 4in the box. Is that what i should see? Where do I place your setting numbers?

The thin sticks in blue and red colors over the regular candles are actual HA. Correct? So  the stick and Candles must be  the same colors to enter trade?

How do I read  ATR value?

Thanks again and sorry for taking so much of your time.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
JR, see the attached script. To install copy it to your <path to MT>/experts/scripts folder and restart MT. It should show up in the Navigator window at the Scripts node.

I would ask you to execute the script once on a USDCHF chart and once on an AUDJPY chart. All you do is to open a chart, any time frame, drop the script to it, double check that the ticket number matches the one we talked about and click OK. A few lines should appear in the Experts tab/Terminal window. Please select those lines (click on first line, shift+click on last then ctrl+c) and post them here - I am curious

Cheers

Longbar

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Hi Longbar,

Here's the results:

2009.09.11 21:14:01 DumpTicket USDCHF,H1: removed
2009.09.11 21:14:01 DumpTicket USDCHF,H1: uninit reason 0
2009.09.11 21:14:01 DumpTicket USDCHF,H1: Symbol matches
2009.09.11 21:14:01 DumpTicket USDCHF,H1: 6908461,USDCHF,1,7.24,2009.09.08 06:01:12,1.0596,2009.09.08 22:38:23,1.0473,0,0,20090906,1.06046 MisterED*
2009.09.11 21:14:01 DumpTicket USDCHF,H1: #6908461 2009.09.08 06:01 sell 7.24 USDCHF 1.05960 0.00000 0.00000 2009.09.08 22:38 1.04731 0.00 0.00 8496.01 1.06046 MisterED 20090906
2009.09.11 21:14:01 DumpTicket USDCHF,H1: Running on 'USDCHF' chart
2009.09.11 21:14:01 DumpTicket USDCHF,H1 inputs: Ticket=6908461;
2009.09.11 21:13:54 DumpTicket USDCHF,H1: loaded successfully
2009.09.11 21:13:30 DumpTicket AUDJPY,H1: removed
2009.09.11 21:13:30 DumpTicket AUDJPY,H1: uninit reason 0
2009.09.11 21:13:30 DumpTicket AUDJPY,H1: Symbol mismatch
2009.09.11 21:13:30 DumpTicket AUDJPY,H1: 6908461,USDCHF,1,7.24,2009.09.08 06:01:12,1.0596,2009.09.08 22:38:23,1.0473,0,0,20090906,1.06046 MisterED*
2009.09.11 21:13:30 DumpTicket AUDJPY,H1: #6908461 2009.09.08 06:01 sell 7.24 USDCHF 1.05960 0.00000 0.00000 2009.09.08 22:38 1.04731 0.00 0.00 8496.01 1.06046 MisterED 20090906
2009.09.11 21:13:30 DumpTicket AUDJPY,H1: Running on 'AUDJPY' chart
2009.09.11 21:13:30 DumpTicket AUDJPY,H1 inputs: Ticket=6908461;
2009.09.11 21:13:17 DumpTicket AUDJPY,H1: loaded successfully

Appears not to have done any damage to AUDJPY but still very unexpected.

Hope this helps.

Cheers,

JR

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Thank you Longbar.  I was able to get the EA and HAS loaded with a couple Pair.  No executions however.  Have you added buy and sell instructions?  Perhaps I need to study the set files more?

It seems plain to view the priceline intersecting with the HAS on major trends and much criss-cross on ranging movements.  What mechanisms are available to ignore horizontal ranging "noise"?  Only checking the higher TF's?  Or are other filters possible to do this?

Again, thank you for the instructions to load the EA.  Any mods coming in the near future?

Atlas1

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Hi Jr,

Well, the above output looks like perfect ticket details for the USDCHF trade. I assume you use the magic number 20090906 for the EA.

The thing is that the EA code did not change (ver0.17 was used) and all other trades are properly handled by the EA code, except this one. The EA implementation does filter orders based on the chart's currency when picking them up for processing. This filtering did not work at that time, however did work before & after, and when you executed my recent script. Based on all these I am leaning towards saying that there could have been an MT terminal problem at that time, otherwise would be difficult to explain this red log message:
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: INFO: SubmitOrder - new SELL order at bid:1.05955000 , entry:1.05955000 SL:0.00000000 TP:0.00000000 Lot:7.24000000 exp:1970.01.01 00:00:00 ExitMethod:1
23:01:08 MisterED_v0.17.0 AUDJPY,H1: modify #6908461 sell 7.24 USDCHF at 1.060 sl: 0.000 tp: 0.000 ok
23:04:28 MisterED_v0.17.0 USDCHF,H1: ERROR: SubmitOrder - order submit failed (MT Code: 128 Desc: trade timeout)

Just make it clear the 6908461 ticket belongs to USDCHF:
2009.09.07 23:04:28 '2088184702': order sell 7.24 USDCHF opening at 0.00000 sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Trade timeout]
2009.09.07 23:01:09 '2088184702': order was opened : #6908461 sell 7.24 USDCHF at 1.05960 sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000
2009.09.07 23:01:09 '2088184702': request in process
2009.09.07 23:01:09 '2088184702': request was accepted by server
2009.09.07 23:01:09 '2088184702': order sell market 7.24 USDCHF sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000

What we might want to do is to double check every Journal and Expert logs for this 6908461 ticket to see if any additional info was available. If there was then that might change the conclusion I am leaning towards...

Longbar

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Hi Longbar,

Yes, the magic number was 20090906 for both the AUDJPY and USDCHF charts.

I checked the subsequent logs and there weren't any additional references to that ticket number, other than this manual closing of the ticket:

15:38:18 '2088184702': close order #6908461 sell 7.24 USDCHF at 1.05960 sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 at price 0.00000
15:38:18 '2088184702': request was accepted by server
15:38:18 '2088184702': request in process
15:38:18 '2088184702': order #6908461 sell 7.24 USDCHF at 1.05960 sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 closed at price 1.04731

JR

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Will take a look at the above - I am going to prepare the next version 1.0 soon. It would have the minimum ATR filter added in as well.

LB

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Hi Atlas1,

I am glad you got it running... I guess just be patient, could take for a while to get trade triggered

Re filtering there is going to be a new parameter to skip trades should the ATR reading be less than a certain value. That could eliminate trades when price action flattens.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Hi Longbar,

I'm looking forward to having v 1.0. The ATR filter should prove useful in trading short tf's in the manner of Mr Ed's method.

#2 on my wishlist of post 765 was for an Option to "Trade opposite to signal."

I know it sounds heretical, but I've been doing more testing with M15, M30 and H1. The losses are much greater than the current H4 results. Depending on the exit method and tf, the loss rates range from 72% to 96+%. These results are on runs of 55-90 trades each test, enough to indicate some potential for this approach.

A switch to "Trade opposite to signal" would allow more thorough testing and make it easier to refine the most effective times/ pairs. It appears to be especially successful during the late NY-Asian-Frankfurt power hour sessions. It doesn't work for London session.

If it's possible to do, even just for the exit0=ATR, it could prove very profitable on the H1 and lower tf's.

What do you think?

JR

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Right: here comes the version 1.0.0

New feature: ATRMinimumTriggerPips parameter to filter out triggers where ATR value is less than this value Validating at EA startup some of the main parameter values like EntryMethod, ExitMethod, MoneyMgtMethod etc Warning user if Expert Advisors were not enabled at start up Fixed/polished: Proper handling of trading allowed/context busy cases So if you want to go ahead with trade triggers only where the ATR value is 10 or more pips then set the new ATRMinimumTriggerPips parameter to 10.

There will be log message for each tick if the trading context is kept busy by another EA or manual trading. However when live trading is not enabled on the EA dialog window then a log message is made only at new bars.

JR: I had a look at the manual trade confirmation case, but MT does not give back sufficient information to the EA to recognise user cancellation as opposed to some other possible platform errors. This will need a bit more thoughts...

Many pips to everyone!

Longbar

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Hopefully reversing the trigger would not be a big deal - will take a look.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
OK, so no new info to consider re that ticket.

I wonder if MT was restarted between the ticket creation and closure? Might not be a fair question as I got very short term memory but wanted to ask...

Sometimes MT restart may help get things "back to normal".

--- 帖子 #835 ---
LB thanks for the new ea.

Finally got the ea (v1.0.0) to take a trade.

I have it on GBPUSD H1 chart & 5 selected for "monitoring 60 mins".

Also changed days to trade from "all" to "Mon,Tue,Wed,Thu,Fri" probably not make a difference, but thats what I set it to.

Helps if I have the Profile with the chart in, open before the hr is up, then wait.

I am sure I used to have trades from other ea's while I was looking at charts on another Profile. Maybe when platform was new & not so loaded up. Anybody else notice something like that.

Oh FXDD demo acct, long at 1.6506. Doesn't look that promising but will see.

cheers scalpz

--- 帖子 #836 ---
LB,

I may have missed this in an earlier post.  The "tradetimemon" in parameters area, is this for setting a time of day to trade?  For example if you wanted the EA to trade on the Euro session only are we able to set it to do so.  Being able to do so might decrease the number of trades that occur during low volumn / small ATR sessions.

If this is what this is for, how would I set this up in parameters.

Thanks for you answer and all your work on the EA

Doug

--- 帖子 #837 ---
It's possible, but normally I start it up Sunday, run it 24x6 and close it late Friday. I may have put in a new EA version, which would have done a restart, but I don't recall. I'm looking closer at the logs now, but I haven't seen a repeat yet.

JR

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Good stuff!

Please note that the EA can do its magic only when it is attached to a live chart and the Expert Advisors button is green. You would see a smiley face in the upper right corner of the chart and the EA would show its status on the chart real-time. If you do not see these then it is likely that the EA is not operational.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Hi Doug,

Yes, the TradeTimeXXX parameters are used to select the bars where the EA should check for trading trigger. If you run the EA on 4H period and you want to check London session 8am to 4pm only then, assuming your broker is in London time, you would set all the relevant TradeTimeXXX parameters to: 08:00,12:00,16:00

Also dont forget to set the TradeDay to: Mon,Tue,Wed,Thu,Fri

Longbar

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Yep thanks, got all those. Nice smily face, not sad or an x.

I suspect I have too many profiles around, may need to do some tidying up.

By "live chart" do you mean actually showing on the screen in the current open profile. Or can it be in the current profile but minimized.

If I change to another profile to see say a range of charts for EURUSD instead of MrED charts, I suspect the ea's become inactive for those minutes/hours the profile isn't open. I get sets of lines in the journal like:

2009.09.17 09:05:09 Custom indicator Atr&CandleLength GBPUSD,H1: removed

2009.09.17 09:05:09 Custom indicator Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed GBPUSD,H1: removed

2009.09.17 09:05:09 Expert MrED_v1.0.0 GBPUSD,H1: removed

When I come back to my charts on my MrED profile, I get lines like:

2009.09.17 09:09:54 Expert MrED_v1.0.0 GBPUSD,H1: loaded successfully

2009.09.17 09:09:54 Custom indicator Atr&CandleLength GBPUSD,H1: loaded successfully

2009.09.17 09:09:54 Custom indicator Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed GBPUSD,H1: loaded successfully

Of course when the charts aren't showing, can't see if there is still a smily face.

I am sure I used to get some trades taken by ea's while I was looking at a different profile. I used to have a profile for each of the main pairs, as thats how things looked when I first setup the platform.

But now I tend to have a profile mainly for each system. Of course the old ones are still there adding to the mess and maybe slowing things down.

Anybody with a new platform just setup able to clarify 1 way or the other, would be great.

cheers scalpz

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Hi Scalpz,

Seems to me you have a very busy MT

I mean live chart which is receiving tick data. Can be minimized alright it will still receive and process tick data. However if you switch to another profile then that chart will be shut down & become dead until you switch back to the original profile.

If you have too many EA's you want to host then I would suggest to make multiple installations of the MT and execute them parallel (provided that you have sufficient hw resources). You could host all the EA's on 1 or 2 MT instances which are always on, and you could have another MT for your ad-hoc/sandbox activities....

Longbar

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Thank you to all have contributed to the EA.

Can anyone help please?

I have a demo account with FXCM and I have been pulling my hair out trying to get the EA to actually take trades, all the indicators are installed working and set to MR Ed's settings. I have enabled live trading in options, there is a smiley face in the corner, the strategy tester works. But after 24 hours on 5 different currencies at 4H still nothing happening in the trading.

Been searching trough the forum but still going totally MAD

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Thanks Longbar for that guidance. I currently have IBFX MT & FXDD MT loaded. Dont always have them running together, cause things do slow a little. Especially with Word open - its a memory hog.

Sounds like an excuse for some more ram.

Hi Fourxxxx, Welcome to FF & congrates on your 1st post.

As a sugestion, change 1 of your charts to H1 & in the ea settings, change EAPeriod to 5.

Should then have a line on your screen reading like:

On GBPJPY symbol 60 minutes chart - monitoring 60 minutes chart

I have had quite a few trades showing up for gbpjpy pair.

At least then you will know if things are set ok.

Just after your hour ticks over you should see a line in your bottom Experts tab like:

2009.09.18 00:00:01 MrED_v1.0.0 GBPJPY,H1: INFO: CheckTrigger - no colour change in HA direction, no trade triggered (BUY,2:BUY)

If you get those 2 lines then ea is working, when the settings agree, it should trade.

Goodluck.

cheers scalpz

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Thanks you Scalps, I found the problem, 2 step order needs to be true.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
For Longbar:

I loaded your EA, Mr. Ed's HAS indicators, and the 10 pair listed in his indicator,

set up using Strategy Tester, etc. on H4 for each pair.  Ran last 24 hours and

only got 2 pair to trade.....and each, USD/JPY and GBP/USD put on double trades at same time!  No closed trades?  The notes seem consistent on each chart.  Not sure I understand ATR?  The ATR% on charts runs from 9.11 to 20.73?  When observing Mr. ED's template, the gold brackets, they define faily accurately the trends on some pair and really miss (cut in middle) of trends on

other charts.  Does this EA have the ability as presently configured to strucure

setting so the trends can be defined or bracketed where price line crosses so if one wished they could have a trade on near start of trend, filter horizontal moves, and close simultaneously with trend end but establish new position when next trend is identified?  Seems like one could have a trade always on a "qualified" trend, keep the lot size minimum where short trends occur and experience a high probability of being on the longer or medium trends in either direction, like in tandem?  The total trend pips would far out-shadow the few small losses from single digit false trend starts.  I think this will be a great EA when I figure out why I'm not getting trades?

Fabulous work Longbar,

Atlas1

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Hi Atlas1,

When you go for ExitMethod=2 then you would see 2 tickets created per trading trigger. One ticket will close out when TP or SL is hit, while the 2nd ticket will do trailing stop once the 1st ticket reached TP.

As the EA runs on 4H TF and trades only on certain setup at every new bar you would likely to see low trading activity - this is how the strategy works. When you run the EA on multiple pairs then the trade activity likely to increase though.

Reading your post re the short/medium/long term trends I am not sure I can follow. Would you explain more in details?

Longbar

--- 帖子 #847 ---
As per JRPips8 request: the new feature of reverse the trading trigger for market entry is added, see EntryMethod=3. This feature is to check out the potential of the strategy in a reversed way. Retracement trades are disabled with this entry method.

So if you want the EA to SELL when a BUY trigger is found (or the other way around) then set EntryMethod to 3.

JR: I am looking for your feedback as what results do you experience with this upside-down approach

Longbar

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Hi Longbar,

Thanks for incorporating it. Manual trades using opposite signal show it profitable, but now with the EA I'll be able to test more tf's and not miss any trades. Much more comprehensive view. Again, thanks for providing the option.

Just to clarify, except for the retrace entry, all other trade parameters remain the same, just in the opposite direction?

I'll keep you posted with the live forward tests. I'm not much of a backtest fan, especially with MT data, even when it's scrubbed to 0 mismatched. I'll get some M15 M30 H1 results to you after 200+ trades. Should be mid week if stays like this week.

Cheers,

JR

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Yes JR, all other EA parameters should do their job as before. The only thing is the trade would happen in the opposit direction of the trigger.

Good weekend!

--- 帖子 #850 ---
I've been studyng heiken ashi for a while now and I have to say this is a great method. By combining it with atr and trading the most profitable days has really made this a comlplete method. But it does seem to struggle when the market is ranging. This may be because of a lack of fundemental news releases? I don't know, could this be a way of filtering some trades in ranging markets or does anyone have any ideas?

--- 帖子 #851 ---
I just wanted to say thanks for writing such a comprehensive EA for this strategy and for continuing to fix and enhance it!

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Hi Longbar,

v1.1 seems to be doing its job, but I missed two things that need to be an option.

1- Change of the signal on subsequent bars currently triggers an autoclose and possible reverse trade, but that is not desired when trading opposite signal. It's frequently killing the trade just as it turns profitable. It's obviously more profitable to leave the trade running after a HAS color change because it's now going in the direction of the counter trade.

Can the close and reverse be disabled with an option?

I was doing it without realising it trading manually. Sorry I didn't let you know.

2- Can ATR and ATR/bar height ratio be recorded in Comment field? I'm trying to learn the significance of the ATR & ratio on opposite sig trades, but it's not recorded anywhere. With 100's of trades, recording manually is patchy at best. Can the Comment field have an option to add these 2 items, especially the ATR?

Best wishes,

JR

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Hi Longbar, sorry for the delay in answer to your last query on my comment regarding the Mr. Ed EA.  I observe you have quite accurate limits using the gold vertical bars for some pairs, but not all? As I study the different pairs, some bars are close to the color change delineating trend change and then on other pairs the gold vertical bars seem to cut the trend midpoint?  My earlier comment was asking if this is really the way the EA works?

Is it possible to have a variation where the trends would be defined regardless of pair and consistent in both lower TF's and higher TF's?  I know my concept is much simpler than Mr. Ed's, but I envisioned where the trades might be ended, that is covered when the price crosses the indicator just before the color change (indicator lag time) incorporating the ATR or SMA or some trigger point(?).  Essentially, the trade would be defined just prior to color change, closed out and a reversal trade opened on the new trend.  Then, when that trend signal ended a new trade would ensue in tandem fashon?  Obviously the filtering mechanism, possibly as you have pre-defined, could reduce ranging wip-saw?  This would allow a trade to be on every trend allowing for some gaps where horizontal price movement took place (filtered out).

It would be nice to have this option of settings as it is nice to have the reversal option No. 3 you just incorporated.  Kind of an ancillary variation?

In my vision I see each entry and exit as dynamic and thus the exit

and entires are automatic T/P and S/L's and the EA would work regardless of market shifts and independently of major channel shifts.

My experience with the H4 ten pair EA is it took only two trades and the S/L on one failed as noted in the Error Message.  Also, the  trade day setting is set at Sun,Mon,Tue,Wed,Thu,Fri for my test run.  On three charts it is blank although set correctly in both individual charts and also in the test platform of MT as well?  I have no clue why the other eight pair do not trade even with the H4 lower trade incident?

Thanks again,

Atlas1

--- 帖子 #854 ---
can't open in my mt4

--- 帖子 #855 ---
I have finished reading this thread.  A big Thankyou to you Mister Ed for sharing your method. It's very thorough & well thought out & I think a good trustworthy system to trade, integrated with your good solid money management plan & great example of record keeping of trades. I have been trading live for a week now with all 10 pairs. Mister Ed I'm very interested in what reasons helped to shaped your choice of these 10 pairs?

Also a big Thankyou to you Longbar for genorosity in sharing.  Thankyou for all your patience & hard work that has gone into creating this reliable EA. It has been performing well on demo and live trading this month. After studying the charts a lot this month I have come to one conclusion. Which is what JRPips8 has requested just 2 posts back on post 852.

JRpips8 wrote,

"Can the close and reverse be disabled with an option?

It's frequently killing the trade just as it turns profitable. It's obviously more profitable to leave the trade running after a HAS color change because it's now going in the direction of the counter trade."

Also in post 328. AZBOfin had the same idea. He wrote, "maybe an external parameter "CloseOnOppositeSignal=true/false" could make this really user friendly."

I noticed that a trade will be going well then the candle color change will occur for just 1, 2 or 3 candles at times before the trend continues. At these times the EA correctly exits the position or often tends to make a small loss by stopping and reversing. If there is an option for true/false for the close&reverse on the candle signal color change. Then like in October when trends tend to be longer the EA will have the option to stay with the trade, being able to ride out the 1, 2 or 3 candles of the opposite color before the trend continues on. Also the EURJPY 4hr chart from last week, Sept 14-18th has a nice example of this.

I have learned alot from "the bouncing pip" thread over at Forex TSD about attempting to ride the trend and more recently through a new learning adventure with R. Wyckoff, price action and P&F charts.

May God bless you and Mister Ed in your trading.

All the best.

ianlikesgolf

--- 帖子 #856 ---
[quote=ianlikesgolf;3075593]I have finished reading this thread. A big Thankyou to you Mister Ed for sharing your method. It's very thorough & well thought out & I think a good trustworthy system to trade, integrated with your good solid money management plan & great example of record keeping of trades. I have been trading live for a week now with all 10 pairs. Mister Ed I'm very interested in what reasons helped to shaped your choice of these 10 pairs?

Hi Ianlikesgolf

The pairs that I have chosen have just been ones that I have arrived at over a period of time and backtesting. I believe the system can work on other pairs but these are the ones that I have got used to.

Because it is a mechanical system there will be periods of losses, that is the price to pay for not having to make judgement calls. It is possible to use other exiting systems to go with the trend longer but I have not added this in an effort to keep things as simple as possible.

Currently I am running an optimised form of taking the trades. This involves looking at all the trade signals for the past year and just trading the best days and times of day for each of the pairs. Some people may consider this curve fitting to improve results as the number of trades that the decisions are based on is small. However if I was to wait for 50 trades on GBPUSD on Monday at 8am it would take years to accumulate enough data. Some of these trades could be from several years ago and the market has evolved since then. Therefore I am just basing things on the last years data.

By doing this it improves the results by about 30%, really by avoiding some of the bad trades. The main things that is becoming apparent is that some pairs work best late in the day eg JPY pairs (probably due to trade volumes and when the markets are open) and some work best around the start and end of the week eg GBP, CAD pairs (these tend to reverse during the week and stop you out).

I would stress that it is important that you do your own back testing to reach these conclusions rather than just take my word on it.

Looking forward to a good week this week as week 4 of the month is usually steady and therefore can trend until the new months set of data causes ranging and reversals.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #857 ---
"Currently I am running an optimized form of taking the trades. This involves looking at all the trade signals for the past year and just trading the best days and times of day for each of the pairs."

Thankyou Mister Ed your reply is very helpful for me to continue to learn your system thoroughly and apply it correctly.

Actually one of the things I like most about your system is the fact that it's mechanical and also on the 4hr chart. I'm trying my best to learn to put into practice what Mark Douglas teaches and follow the system and let the edge of the system reach its full potential.

The last two weeks especially I have been backtesting a few hours each day with trade entry and exit. I did find quite a big difference with profit by setting the TP and SL to a larger amount on some pairs ie. GBPJPY TP4 or TP 5, SL2. But one or two other months I tested TP 2 SL 2 was best. Also I found an earlier entry of 3-1-3-1 candlestick on the GBPJPY doubled the profit on some months. But it created a lot more trades and its not following the system.

The JP pairs TP2 or bigger on AUDJPY & EURJPY and SL at 2 for more breathing room. But I tested for the month of July and this year from Janurary only so far. (Thankyou for sharing about the time length and way your backtesting, very practical and effective with 30 % improvement.)

I'm starting to find month by month makes a big difference too. I think I now need to backtest each month carefully and continue to check on the results through live trading on TP for each pair each month. I'm curious about entrying on the 4 hr and staying with the daily candle trend with some pairs just for the month of October because of last year in October your results were 11199 pips due to some long trends.

Thankyou for teaching about the 4th week of the month usually being steady and trending more. I will do some backtesting for best TP for this week of each month.

My trading times over here in Japan when I sit in front of my PC are normally 1 or 2 hours before the London open and some weeks when I'm not working due to the elementary school holidays I can catch before the Japan open through to the New York open.  My broker is PFGbest in the US. As far as I know its ECN. So my MT4 times for candles are US ones.

I'm following all your recommended trading days at present, but I agree with you in that it's important to backtest and reach conclusions on best days and times myself.

Trading times is probably the biggest area I need to learn about, refine upon on and backtest going forward from here. Thankyou for sharing:

"The main things that is becoming apparent is that some pairs work best late in the day eg JPY pairs"

This is a great start to check more into and work out which pairs are doing this. Are you referring to late in the day by US New York time for example?

About 1 hour before the London open for example I have noticed sometimes about a 40 pip jump up or down in the GBPJPY. I will try to check much more carefully. I'm finding the New York open tends to reverse direction on the days trend before continuing in the same direction or remaining reversed.

Its 1 am,  after midnight here. Time for sleep.

Thankyou for all your help Mister Ed. Actuallly as a child growing up I liked the TV program Mister Ed. I got 2 DVDs (Best of Mister Ed) a couple of months back to enjoy it again.

All the best for your trading & family life.

ianlikesgolf

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Mr Ed

The EA done for your system so far has good results only on eur/jpy and gbp/jpy 4 hour chart

G/U pair is not bad

I did not follow your trading days

The EA open trade on any day when conditions meet.

Is your system best on jpy pairs when trading manually ?

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Hi

My heiken ashi is right on top my candle sticks and I can't see the candle sticks. Can someone help me with this? In the document Mister Ed has both of them seperated nicely.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Hi Jaula

Go to the charts tab and go down to foreground chart and either click it or unclick it.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Hi LongBar,

I hope you still have in mind adding the news filter as some point. That will greatly enhance the EA as the best EAs are messed up by trades taken during news events. The news filter can be a life saver. Refer to my earlier post and the THV FF filter was earlier attached. Thanks

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Mister ED,

I am Newbie and would much appreciate if you guide me tru on the ATR value.

1. Regarding the ATR - how do we read the ATR eg.GJ 50.1039 n GU 1.

2. According to your rules, if say the 2nd HA has a full body and same colour after the close .eg.GU ATR is 85 and candle is 55 ,how do we calculate on that? Do we enter the trade?

WTCMC

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Mister ED,

After reading some pages, is there any difference if one is using a different broker.AM using FXDD.GMT+3.will results differ on same candle trade if any? And Do we actually have to open trade on the start of the day on 08.00 as mentioned couple of times by your goodself.

WTCMC

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Mister ED, Sorry to trouble you again. ATR question again. in your rules, signal candle is 50%-200% of ATR is a valid trade,right,if for eg.

Signal candle GU is 106 n ATR is 99,does that mean 106/50% is 53 pips and it is lesser than 99,so no trade,right? or am I looking the picture wrongly.

Another Eg: GU 55pips and ATR 66, also no trade ka?

Probably I confuse myself but hope you dont mind taking a bit of your time to elaborate to newbies like me>

Thanks

WTCMC

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Hi WTMC

Yes you have confused yourself. In the last example if the ATR was 66 then a valid signal candle should be between 33 and 132 pips in length. As your candle was 55 then it is a valid signal.

In the first case the ATR is 99 so the valid range is from 50 to 198 pips, the signal candle was 106 so therefore it is a valid signal.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Hi Longbar,

I've been running v1.1.0 on identical H1 accounts, with same parameters except for entry method.

One account is method 2, the other is 3, but they are taking identical trades. After 40+ trades they have identical trade lists and the balances are also identical.

I've double checked the settings and can't find anything obvious. Could you take a look at the set files?

entry method 2 account:
MagicNumber=20090110
EAPHelp=0:Chart TF, 1:1M, 2:5M, 3:15M, 4:30M, 5:1H, 6:4H, 7, 8:W, 9:M
EAPeriod=5
EMHelp=0:Standard entry only, 1:Retracement only, 2:Both standard and retracement, 3:Reversed standard entry
EntryMethod=2
RetraceTriggerPct=32.00000000
ATRMinimumTriggerPips=10
TDHelp=List of days to trade OR 'All' for every day (Mon,Tue,Wed,Thu,Fri,Sat,Sun)
TradeDay=All
TTHelp=Check for trade at bar times in HH:MM format OR 'All' for every bar (HH=00-23, MM=00-59)
TradeTimeMon=All
TradeTimeTue=All
TradeTimeWed=All
TradeTimeThu=All
TradeTimeFri=All
TradeTimeSat=All
TradeTimeSun=All
ExMHelp=0:Fixed TP1 off ATR, 1:Trailing SL on HAS bar, 2:TP1 + trailing HAS bar orders
ExitMethod=2
PLCHelp=Percent of lots for order with TP1 (ExitMethod=2 only)
TP1OrderLotsPct=50
MRDPHelp=Max price difference to open pair of orders
MaxOpenPriceDiff=10
MMMHelp=0:Off, 1:% of Acc/balance
MoneyMgtMethod=1
LHelp=Lot size when MoneyMgt is off (MoneyMgtMethod=0)
Lots1=0.10000000
Lots2=0.10000000
TRAPHelp=Account % to risk when MoneyMgt is on (MoneyMgtMethod=1)
TradeRiskAccPct=3.00000000
AMTPHelp=TP1 = ATR() * ATRMultiplierTP
ATRMultiplierTP=1.00000000
AMSLHelp=SL = ATR() * ATRMultiplierSL
ATRMultiplierSL=1.00000000
SMHelp=0:Off, 1:Backtest only, 2:Always
StatMethod=1
HAS_MA1_Method=2
HAS_MA1_Period=6
HAS_MA2_Method=3
HAS_MA2_Period=2
ATRPeriod=20
TwoStepOrderSubmit=1

entry method 3 account:
MagicNumber=20090110
EAPHelp=0:Chart TF, 1:1M, 2:5M, 3:15M, 4:30M, 5:1H, 6:4H, 7, 8:W, 9:M
EAPeriod=5
EMHelp=0:Standard entry only, 1:Retracement only, 2:Both standard and retracement, 3:Reversed standard entry
EntryMethod=3
RetraceTriggerPct=32.00000000
ATRMinimumTriggerPips=10
TDHelp=List of days to trade OR 'All' for every day (Mon,Tue,Wed,Thu,Fri,Sat,Sun)
TradeDay=All
TTHelp=Check for trade at bar times in HH:MM format OR 'All' for every bar (HH=00-23, MM=00-59)
TradeTimeMon=All
TradeTimeTue=All
TradeTimeWed=All
TradeTimeThu=All
TradeTimeFri=All
TradeTimeSat=All
TradeTimeSun=All
ExMHelp=0:Fixed TP1 off ATR, 1:Trailing SL on HAS bar, 2:TP1 + trailing HAS bar orders
ExitMethod=2
PLCHelp=Percent of lots for order with TP1 (ExitMethod=2 only)
TP1OrderLotsPct=50
MRDPHelp=Max price difference to open pair of orders
MaxOpenPriceDiff=10
MMMHelp=0:Off, 1:% of Acc/balance
MoneyMgtMethod=1
LHelp=Lot size when MoneyMgt is off (MoneyMgtMethod=0)
Lots1=0.10000000
Lots2=0.10000000
TRAPHelp=Account % to risk when MoneyMgt is on (MoneyMgtMethod=1)
TradeRiskAccPct=3.00000000
AMTPHelp=TP1 = ATR() * ATRMultiplierTP
ATRMultiplierTP=1.00000000
AMSLHelp=SL = ATR() * ATRMultiplierSL
ATRMultiplierSL=1.00000000
SMHelp=0:Off, 1:Backtest only, 2:Always
StatMethod=1
HAS_MA1_Method=2
HAS_MA1_Period=6
HAS_MA2_Method=3
HAS_MA2_Period=2
ATRPeriod=20
TwoStepOrderSubmit=1

Just as interesting, most, but not quite all, of the trades (exit2) for each account, also have 4 orders: 2 buy + 2 sell, all executed at the same time.
As though it's running simultaneously on the same account both regular strategy and opposite strategy trades.

JR

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Hi ianlikesgolf,

As far as I can see you as well as JRpips8 are looking for the CloseOnOppositeSignal feature - to be used in non-trending markets and/or for reversed entry method. I am going to incorporate this feature next.

LB

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Hi watube,

It's still on the list - I just did not get that far yet  It also likely require more time just an hour here and there to sit down and understand how that indicator/script works and find a proper use and way of incorporating it. If you have details re that I would be more than happy to listen to your ideas/links.

Cheers

Longbar

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Hi JR,

Please ensure that the EA instances on the same pair are either running on different demo accounts or have different magic numbers. Well this is what comes to my mind first thing - though I will take a look at the code if I missed any obvious thing there

BTW do you see in the expert log tab messages like this?

... ManageEntry - trade trigger reversed to BUY (SELL)

LB

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Mr. ed good Evening i am bomi in Houston, tx.

I have downloaded on my platform and attached your ATR and HASmoothed, But Cant find Horizontal Lines blue and Yellow lines for boxes etc. on my chart!! Also ATR should be 20 or minus 20?

Pl. Clarify! thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Hi Longbar,

Same magic # but different accounts. No duplicate pair charts on same account.

Yes, I see expert log entries like ...ManageEntry - trade trigger reversed to BUY.

Also see lots of entries like
2009.09.23 15:01:15 MisterED_v1.1.0 NZDJPY,H1: ERROR: IterateOrders - multiple orders for same leg found, disabling EA (0, 7810084.00000000, 7810083)

Jr

Update:  Oops!  I found a duplicate instance of an H1 account hiding under 15' charts on the M15 monitor.

I closed it, reset the H1 MrEd and Opposite accounts and they've been trading for about 12 hours. No more errors like the above.

Very preliminary results:

H1 18pr Opposite trade-20 closed trades, 8 open trades, up $3,800 on 25k starting balance with 3% risk with exit2.

H1 18pr MrEd original signal- 30 closed trades, 10 open trades, down $4,700 using same 25k starting balance and 3% risk with exit2.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Hi All,

I am new to MT4 this thread seems to have some potential you have written an EA to auto place stops and take profits I believe my question is this where do I oplace this ea in mt4 to get it to work I am not thinking of auto trading but to have the stops etc calculated for me would be great.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
I was trying to find the indicator that displays 4 bars, daily, 4 hr, 1 hr and  30 min.... with read, yellow and green showing the trend for each time frame.  Does anyone have an indicator like this?

Multi time frame - trend indicator

--- 帖子 #874 ---
try this one its over at forex TSD.

Signal bars

http://www.forex-tsd.com/168064-post1.html

ianlikesgolf

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Thank you, but I have that one.  there is a better once the only shows trend and it shows up at the bottom of the chart/

--- 帖子 #876 ---
September has been a great month with some big trends. How many pips have you guys made so far this month?

--- 帖子 #877 ---
I had too many stop lossess compared to decent profits. Also a few just over break even.

Does the ea check back an extra bar (the 3rd index from 0 bar) if the 1 before the just closed bar was out of limits (50 - 200%).

Or even check back the extra bar if the 2 bar is red & blue.

Gee that sounds complicated. Try it another way.

We are on the 0 bar. When it closes it is the 1 bar. We compare that to the 2 bar to see if the colour has changed. What if the 2 bar is crap, like a nothing traded or moved bar or even miles too big. Do we check further to the 3 bar.

I can understand using 3 if 2 is too small. However if it is too big then we are basicly too late, the move has happened. But then we dont know if it will still continue for a useful period though.

I must be bored - all this dribbling.

cheers scalpz

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Hi Longbar,

Since loading ea v1 I am not getting any trades entered and when I run the strategy tester I get the following error in the journals.
2009.09.25 12:06:38 2009.09.24 23:59  Cannot open file 'Crogram FilesMetaTrader - Alpari UKexpertsindicatorsHeiken_Ashi_Smoothed.ex4' on the GBPJPY,H4

Any idea why it isn't working?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #879 ---
This means that the HAS indicator is not installed on the MT terminal. To fix this download the indicator from the very first post and copy it to the C:/Program Files/MetaTrader - Alpari UK/experts/indicators folder. Then restart your MT and try again the EA.

Hope this would help.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Hi Longbar,

Thanks for the suggestion, I had a different version loaded "HA smoothed revision 2".  I have gone back to the original version as suggested and I'll see how it goes.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Longbar,

Here are results of M15 & H1, trading % Risk and exit2.

18 pair traded to reduce the high yen correlation of the original 10 pair.

Highlights:
487 trades but only covers about 36 hrs Thursday -Friday close, too short to draw many conclusions. Will test more next week.

All accounts were:

$25,000 starting balance,

%Risk and traded Exit2.
FXCM Liquidity demo servers, ECN feed.

M15 (2% Risk) original MrEd ( 113 trades, 31% win rate) and Opposite signal (176 trades, 21% win rate) were both steady losers, with the Opposite signal entry finally losing slightly more. Both lost about 50+% of original balance.

No time/day or atr optimization applied. I suspect an ATR minimum of 10+ may help.

H1 (3% Risk, min ATR=10) was more interesting. No time/day optimization applied.
Original MrEd entry produced loss of $8,187 (-33% ROI for 36 hours) on 112 closed/open trades, winning 31% of closed trades.
Reverse signal entry produced profit of $11,488 (46% ROI for 36 hours) on 86 closed/open trades, winning 59% of closed trades. During the Asian/Frankfurt open session the win rate was higher.

I'm anxious to test the effect of turning off the close and reverse function when the HAS color changes. I think it may improve results.

Would also like to see ATR and ratio% written to Comment field so we can test for any correlation to profitability.

If anyone can tell me how to upload the MT4 reports I'd be happy to post them so you can see individual trades and all stats.

JR

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Mister Ed,

The above quote is from post 21 on page 3....

What did fx4gain mean EP1 and EP2 ? 1/2 Position at close of 4hr candle?

And which you later replied to as 'correct' ? I didn't read anything about EP1 in your doc or the earlier posts, so where did fx4gain get EP1 from (which you agreed to)

As, before you said put pending order at the candles high/low, right ?

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Quote:

Originally Posted by Longbar
As far as I can see you as well as JRpips8 are looking for the CloseOnOppositeSignal feature - to be used in non-trending markets and/or for reversed entry method. I am going to incorporate this feature next.

Hi Longbar,

Thankyou very much.

An external parameter for "CloseOnOppositeSignal=true/false will be excellent.

From backtesting I came to the conclusion that all JP pairs were traded best with a TP of 2 or bigger and a SL of 2.

I tried a live test on EURJPY 4hr with TP 3 and SL 2.

The EA initiated a sell on Sept 23 at 04:00 .

Price 134.48, SL 135.40, TP 133.11.

In this trade the EA stopped and reversed on the candle color change at 135.04 before the SL2 of 135.40 was hit.

A buy at 135.04 was initiated on Sept 23 at 20:00 which was stopped and reversed by the EA on the candle color change at 134.55.

Finally a sell at 134.55  on Sept 24 at 04:00 was initiated  Price 134.55, SL 135.45, TP 133.20

This sell at 134.55 reached its TP successfully.

In conclusion the EA in this case did not allow the first trade to continue

( sell on Sept 23 at 04:00 . Price 134.48, SL 135.40, TP 133.11. )

to its SL 2  of 135.40 because of the candle color change. The price hit a high of 135.20 before resuming its downtrend which was still within the SL 2 setting of 135.40.

It will be interesting to test the future "CloseOnOppositeSignal" option which will allow these kinds of trades to reach either there TP or SL regardless of the candle color.

I have attached a useful indicator that was kindly made available by Michal Rukta on a Forex TSD thread.

SnapShotI - this indicator makes screen shots of active chart at regular intervals. By default, one tick after beginning of a new bar (user selectable). It is also possible to make more screen shots per bar. This indicator is very useful for analyzing signals from indicators, especially ones which redraw its history.  The screenshots are put under. Experts,files.

All the best

ianlikesgolf

--- 帖子 #884 ---
I thought better to release this new version before getting into too deep the atr & ratio% topic as that would involve some cycles to agree on the details.

So here goes the EA version 1.2:-

New feature: CloseOnOppositeSignal parameter to enable closure of ongoing/last trade and re-enter as per new opposite signal Fixed: Closing out ongoing trade when opposite signal goes into effect There was a problem with the previous version shutting down ongoing trades should an opposit trigger go into effect - this was relevant only to the reversed entry (EntryMethod=3). Thanks to JRpips8 to leading me to this problem  To be honest the outcome of this issue was kinda comparable to the new feature above: trades did not get closed on opposite signal by accident...

If you want the EA to ignore new opposite signals when there is open trade on the account then set the CloseOnOppositeSignal to 0.

LongBar

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Thanks again longbar

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Hi Longbar,

Thank you for the new feature.

I'll reset all the demo accounts with the new version and compare results with CloseOnOppositeSignal set both ways.

My request for writing to the Comment field is for:

ATR value ("ATR=xx", rounded to 0 decimals) and

Ratio% ("SigBar/ATR ratio= yy%", rounded to 0 decimals) at the time of trade signal.

I think there is potential for optimizing the entry on a pair by pair basis if the values can be recorded and analyzed.

There are too many trades to reliably record them manually, but there does appear to be a pattern.

Thanks again for the new feature!

Cheers,

JR

--- 帖子 #887 ---
This EA version 1.3 now has the above feature - though the implementation is slightly different.

The comment field has 4 fields separated by a space:

1.40837 57.3 141.5% MisterED
1.40837   is the SL as per entry, the ticket SL value could be altered later by trailing logic (never changes in the comment field) 57.3    is the ATR value which was used to evaluate the trigger - this is the pips with fractional pips after the dot 141.5%    is the trigger bar height vs ATR ratio MisterED    is the EA name (the version info or anything else just does not fit in...) Note the fractional pips and the single decimal digit at the ratio value are used to avoid possible confusion which might be caused if the rounded up/down values would result in different trigger evaluation than with no roundings.

As the markets are closed I hade just forged back testing opportunities to test the comment field handling in normal as well as recovery situations - watch out as I said a few times before, next week market/ticket actions will be the real test for this new feature.

Just to note that the log message going into the Experts tab has the ATR and ratio values listed as well now, search for the lines of:

INFO: SubmitOrder - new BUY/SELL order at bid....

Have a good time!

Longbar

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Hi Stumpy1,

Just place the EA in to your <Path to MT install>/experts folder, restart your MT. The EA should show up in the Navigator window (Ctrl+N), see Expert Advisors node.

If you run the EA on a demo account then you could use the submitted tickets' information as a starting point, ie entry price, TP, SL for your purposes.

Many pips,

Longbar

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Hey Scalpz,

The EA checks up to 3 bars to see colour change. If the trigger bar becomes mixed colour (body colour differs from the wicks) then the EA will wait until next bar and checks for complete colour change over the last 3 bars.

Also the EA checks for the 50-200% range. Below 50% the trade is filtered. Above 200%, if retracement is enabled the EA will wait for retracement and places pending orders at the bottom/top of the trigger bar.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Hi JR,

I'd love to see the MT reports - not much time left for me to actually manage the EA on demo accounts. Is it possible to post those reports here - I am not sure about the site policy re this? Might sound a bit stone age but alternatively in email?

Cheers

Longbar

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Hi Longbar,

Found a pdf printer driver on one of the computers, so I printed the attached reports of the H1 Opposite Sig trades as pdf's:

MT4 detailed report

following charts are closed trades only:

Chart of Pips by pair

Chart of Pips by hour (times are GMT+1)

Chart of Profit/ Loss by pair

If you like these and want the rest of the accounts results, let me know and I'll prepare and post them.

JR

Update: added .set file with trade parameters

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Perfect!

Thanks for the quick addition. I'll put it to use this week.

Let you know if there are any profitable correlations.

Great weekend,

JR

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Hello Jrpips8,

Very nice. Would you mind posting your set file you used on those results?

You could post your set file as a txt file it would be greatly appreciated.

Regards,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Hi Jeff,

Thanks for the suggestion. I added the set file to post 891.

Regards,

JR

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Longbar, not sure if anyone else has requested this yet but do you think you can add a new option for ExitMethod 2? When lot 1 TP is hit, move the TSL of lot 2 to break even and then trail it from there with the ATR?

thanks

--- 帖子 #896 ---
What is the difference between this EA and MisterED v.017.0

--- 帖子 #897 ---
hi I have been using the ea in stratigy tester but would like to know if I can change the time frame the ea i am using is version 3 and it gives the 1h time frame

thanks for all the work so far

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Hi JRpips8,

What program do you use to generate these reports?  Is it Trade Analyzer?  They look really good and very useful.  Great work!

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Hi fxspeedster,

The graphs are from Forex Control Center. They have a free version I use, limited to a single account, and an unlimited accounts version for sale.
http://www.forexcontrolcenter.com/products-overview.php

I've never used Trade Analyzer, so can't compare their usefulness.

JR

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Hi kellera6,

Here you go: I added ExitMethod = 3 which just does that

EA version 1.4: New feature of ExitMethod=3 which pulls SL to break even when TP1 is hit and then trailing SL as per HAS on new bars

LB

--- 帖子 #901 ---
I would suggest to open up the EA source file (.mq4) in an editor and review the first few pages. You will see there breakdown of changes for each version.

If the EA is installed on your MT then right click on the EA name in the Navigator window and select Modify to gain access to the MT built-in source editor...

LB

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Great reports JR, very nice - time for me to sit & analyse them.

Thanks LB for the reply & your further EA updates.

cheers scalpz

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Use the EAPeriod parameter to select the right TF for your backtests, eg EAPeriod=6 for 4H TF. If you want the EA to act on the same TF as the EA is actually running on then set EAPeriod to 0. In this case whatever you select in the "Period:" drop-down on the Strategy Tester window the EA will use the same for its trading activities.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Lovely - appreciate sharing them!

Now I'll have something to read

Thanks JR!

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Great program! Thanks for sharing the info

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Hi CSpip

I believe that EP1 and EP2 refered to when the trade is applied in 2 parts, EP1 and EP2. The EP1 part closes at the ATR value and EP2 is the part that is trailed once the TP1 is hit.

The pending orders rule only comes into place when trading a retracement entry such as happened on USDCAD on the 23 Sept.

The retracement trades are an area that I am revisiting to see how best to play things.

For me this month has been quite good although when strictly following the setups it was not possible to get in on the big GBP moves recently. Still you can't get them all and the pips have still been coming in steadily.

I hope this helps,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Hello all,

Sorry if this question is too elementary, I'm new to forex and a bit confuse sometimes. I have been reading this thread and would like to start trade this system on my demo account.

Actually I have two questions. First, how to do the calculation on points 1 and 2?:
Measure the ATR and the candle length (body and wick) on the signal candle. If the signal candle is between 50% and 200% of the ATR value for that candle then it is a valid trade. If the signal candle is less than 50% then no trade. If the signal candle is more than 200% then use a retrace entry (see below). And second, in the case of using the EA, how does it work? Will the EA do the calculation for me and give me the signal to enter the position when the conditions are met? Or will it open a new position automatically? If so, how I configure the value of the position to be open? And which EA version of them posted here would I use?

As I said above, I'm new to forex and have a lot to learn. I believe that using a good system like this one should help me in my learning proccess.

I will appreciate any help.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Hi Mister ED,

I havn't been trading the system for a couple of weeks but I want to get going with it again.  I was just wondering if you are making your trades manually or are you using the EA and if so which version are you using?

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Hi Longbar,

If we shortened MisterED to MrED, could we add at least the version numbers, without the . if need be?

i.e. MrEDv140

With many versions, it would be nice to look back later and know for certain which version was used. Not a major item, but useful if easily done.

Cheers,

JR

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Thanks for posting your system. In your documentation you say that the     HA Smoothed Settings are 2,6,3,2.

Does that mean

MaMetod = 2

MaPeriod = 6

MaMetod2 = 3

MaPeriod2 = 2

Thanks

Phil

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Dear JR, how do you expand the Mr ED EA HAS template to add pairs? I see your post 891 performance uses 17 pair.  I am attempting to use the Mr. ED ten plus a few others for demo testing.  When one loads his template to the chart it does not seem to be expandable?

On my charts where the Mr. ED HAS template applies, some charts say 60 minute monitoring 240 minute and some say 60 minute monitoring 60 minute?

Please point me in the right direction to adjust and which is correct for a one hour setting?

I'm assuming Longbar's set list only requires the days (like Sun,Mon,Tue,Wed,Thu,Fri ; Exit 3, SM on Stat Method=2 and two step order=true?

I am running v1.4 and am trying to emulate semblance of your results if possible?  An assist would be very appreciated.  Where do you change the pairs # to 18 (as your set list says)?

Thank you much for any assist you can give me to get this EA running.

Atlas1

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Hi Ian

I have been placing all my trades manually at this stage.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Hi Phil

Yes that's correct.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #914 ---
I have been trying tighter stops but find I get stopped out of winning trades the system should be traded as is however if a trade starts to go significantly against me in future I will hedge the trade that way I will still limit losses

Thanks MR Edd for a great system

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Hi Atlas1,

The title of my set list may have misled you. I test both MrEd's original 10 pr and my 18pr set, so I note it in the title to help me keep track of what I'm doing. There is no setting within the EA itself for the number of pairs you are applying it to.

To actually apply it uniformly to 10, 15, or 18 charts you just configure the EA Properties as you want, then save the settings as a .set file. Load the .set file on a new chart EA to quickly configure the EA.

Or you can save the whole chart setup, including EA settings, as a chart template. SaveAs with a new name or just overwrite the existing template. Once you have the template saved, go to the next chart and apply the saved template to it. This is the quickest and least error prone method for me.

That way you can run as many pairs as you like and be certain you have the identical settings for all, which would eliminate your "60 minute monitoring 240" discrepancy. (To fix that, open the EA Properties and change the EAPeriod to 5 on the "...monitoring 240" charts. Or just apply your new saved template to the chart)

Hope this helps.

JR

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Thanks JR for the help.  I'm just learning the setup routines, so am not to swift at doing them yet.  But, I can figure it out thanks to help like yours!  I got rid of the 60 minutes vs. 240.  I did go back to Mr. ED's original 10 pair just to get a base started and to configure to the H1 charts.

I tried your #3 Exit strategy overnight and nine of ten closed trades were negative.  Thinking Exit #2 if opposite may turn it around to nine winners and one loser?  (running this now).

I notice of the original ten charts some of the gold bars by Longbar are accurate or close to where the trend color breaks and others are practically midpoint in the next trend color change?

Do you have any feel for how well the ranging filters are working?  If also seems like the trade entry points are far away from the cross-over, or near cross-over of the price and HAS indicator preceeding color change?  (I know there is a lag on the indicator).

I also wish to know if you opened up the days on either or both of the original ten pair and possibly on your 18 pair trials?  Or do you stay with the Mr. ED days for each pair like the original program calls out?

Of course I'm anxious to see your results from this weeks trades.  I like this program and the way LB programmed it so well.  I lean toward having more pairs and full trading during at least the five day week Sun - Fri if possible?

Thank you again for your help and suggestions.

Sincerely,

Atlas1

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Hi Atlas1,

Glad to hear you got the 60/240 issue fixed.

I used entry3 (Opposite signal entry) with exit2 (ATR+TSL), not exit3. Exit3 is essentially an exit2 with the SL moved to breakeven once the first ATR TP is hit. Results shouln't be markedly different from exit2 results, but I haven't tested enough to know for certain.

I used no optimization except for setting the ATRMinimumTriggerPips=10. It was free to trade all days/ times for all 18 pairs. The only pair that failed to trade during that period was the GBPJPY, since it had continuously red HAS, never changing, so no signal.

Remember, this was a lot of trades, but a very short period of time. Be wary of drawing significant conclusions.

The preponderence of experience is in favor of Mr Ed's original H4 strategy. Longbar has done an exceptional job of implementing Mr Ed's method and I believe it trades according to the method as presented.

I only started looking at variations on the original strategy because of the August/ September drawdowns using the original parameters. Also, my broker, FXCM, has H4 candles ending 2 hours off the FXDD times. This produced less profitable results, especially during the London/ NY sessions.

Hopefully, the original H4 settings will again prove profitable long term.

It does appear that the entry3/exit2 may coexist as a simultaneously profitable strategy on the H1. I'm continuing to forward test.

The M15 & M30 entry3 scenarios generate many trades. I'm hoping that with enough data, a pattern will emerge showing pairs/ days/ times that are consistently profitable. Lots more data is needed though.

Regards,

JR

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Thanks tons JR for your reply.  I will try your entry and exit set files.  I started a new run with same original 10 pair and using H1.  It is languishing close to even $ with some trades open and closed?  Sure does not seem similar to your runs.

Obviously this EA from LB is just what Mr. Ed indicated it should be.  I see by an earlier post he is still trading manually?  I like what you are testing and how you do it, with the analysis reports and all.  I'm just trying to get a reliable basis to trade across multiple pairs with average consistent results.

I like the HAS based approach and your help very much to get me running with Mr. ED's EA.  Thanks again for assisting me.

Best Regards,

Atlas1

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Thanks! I'll try it out.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Is anyone else having a problem with v1.4 not always closing the second order when the stop loss is hit?

--- 帖子 #921 ---
I am having the same "no close of trade" on second lot when signal is given.

Atlas1

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Hi rcbarlow & Atlas1,

Would you describe the situation in detail?

Do you mean that the SL was hit but only on of the orders (having the same SL) got closed?

Cheers

Longbar

--- 帖子 #923 ---
I finally finished the thread.. I have to admit I did a lot of skimming once all the EA BS started.... I personally don't trade with EAs .. don't like em, don't trust em....

SOOOOOOOO I was wondering if maybe we could get a thread going that is strictly manual trading? Would love it if Mr ED would lead.... that way we can maintain the integrity of the manual system and the EA guys can talk all about their EA stuff regarding this great system.

So what do ya think Mr. ED?

Thanks again for all your work putting the system together.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
LOL

Maybe you skimmed more than you think - try it again.

This is one of the few threads where ea runners & manual backtesters have worked it through together.

As for Mister ED, good luck in getting him to come back. Been absent for quite a while, for reasons known only to him.

cheers scalpz

--- 帖子 #925 ---
The first time my stop didn't hold was when both the 1st and 2nd order went into loss mode.  The next morning, when I turned my computer on, both entries were way past my stop loss.

The second time, I had the 1st lot closed with a profit, but the second lot went beyond the stop loss and did not close.

These are the only two times this has happened.  I don't know if having my computer off had anything to do with it or not.  Possibly the stop loss was bypassed when I had lost connection or had to restart the platform.

I'll keep an eye out to see if it happens again and I will take a screen shot and send it to you showing the trade and the trade info.

Thanks,

Randy

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Hi Randy,

Did the orders have SL set in these cases? Would you show the order details from the Account History tab (copy & paste)?

I just want to understand whether the SL was not set or the broker server did not action the SL.

Cheers

longbar

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Yes, the stop losses were set.

Because my losses went so far, I renewed my account so I will have to wait and see if it happens again.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #928 ---
On MT4, how do I filter the pairs per days. When I click on the expert advisors all charts are executed at the same time. Is there any way to filter these charts by days. If I want a certain pairs be executed only some weekdays and stop other pairs from trading the system, how do I do that.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Hi John Doe

Thanks for looking at the thread. The idea for me was really to just get an EA created that would allow the system to be traded automatically. However it seems that this is a lot more difficult than I thought. I am not a programmer and therefore have not had a lot of input over the last month or so.

However I am trading the system manually. I have been doing further testing and tweaking and have got things just about the way I like. However the days and times that I am trading are just related to my results and so may not be the same for everyone so I will not elaborate. I would advise that people do as I have and test this thoroughly and come up with your own prefered times etc.

The idea of a manual trading thread is appealing as I feel that I will be doing this for a long time before any EA is robust enough for my cash.

I have also been very busy at work recently and so the thread has taken more of a back seat. I will have a think about starting a manual thread. The only difficulty is that as I take some trades during the day it may be difficult to post trades immediately and therefore I would probably only record the trades at the end of each day. This would help to show what I have been doing but would be NO USE to anyone trying to use the thread as a trade signalling service.

I will mull things over this week as I will be away on business and say what I feel at the end of the week.

I hope this helps.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Hello Mr. Ed ....

I was thinking really of just a manual trade thread..... posting of the trades certainly doesn't have to be done at the time of the trade.

I think this would really help those that are trying to get a handle on this system.

I would also encourage those trying this system to read and print out the trade system document from the first post.... THAT WAY YOU CAN READ AND REREAD it many times and have it next to you while trading.

Thanks for the hard work and great system Mr. Ed.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Mr. Ed

Do you trade on Sunday evenings?

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Hi Lijohn

Yes I do trade on Sunday evenings. I have just gone long on EURJPY and also Gold. EURUSD is also showing a setup but my results suggest that it may not be the best candle to trade off so I have passed on that.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Mr. ED

Thanks for your quick response.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Mr Ed. I have a question. You said on the strategy manual, that some pairs work better on some days.  I have set up a profile on MT4 only for your strategy bu I have no idea how to shut down the EA only for some pairs.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
I'm trading this system manually on a demo account and beginning to like it, with some variations though, since I'm not looking for an automated system, I'm adding PA analysis to it and not just taking all signals.

One question: on the document on post 1 it says we should enter the trade on the first full HA candle.

However somewhere along the thread Mr. Ed points that he enters on the second candle.

Any coments?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
May i know the-->
signal candle is between 50% and 200% of the ATR value

the signal candle is the price candle or the heiken Ashi smoothed candle?

and the difference is difference between the high and low of that candle?

pls advise. thank you

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Seems to me then the broker's platform did not follow through the SL settings. What broker do you use for this demo?

--- 帖子 #938 ---
The EA will trade only that pair it is attached to, so if you want the EA to trade EURUSD and USDJPY pairs then open two charts (EURUSD and USDJPY) and attach the EA to both of them.

To filter for certain days and candles just use the EA parameters TradeDay and TradeTimeXXX.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
what a mega thread.

Longbar do you use optimised settings per pair or just OOTB with just entry/exit method adjusted?

--- 帖子 #940 ---
I use FXPro.  I understand they are having some problems and have stopped new accounts because of the number of new accounts they have added.  Hopefully they will be caught up soon and will re-open.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #941 ---
the signal candle is the price candle or the heiken Ashi smoothed candle? ==> price candle
and the difference is difference between the high and low of that candle? ==> yes
signal candle is between 50% and 200% of the ATR value ==> difference / ATR should be in the range of 50-200%

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Hi Bali

I enter when the first full HA candle has just closed, ie at the opening of the next candle.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #943 ---
about the -->
signal candle is between 50% and 200% of the ATR value ==> difference / ATR should be in the range of 50-200%

is it i draw the vertical line at the ATR chart is the value of that diffence?

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Has anyone considered that the (size of the) difference between closing prices vs ATR may be a more effective filter than mere candle length?? Pippo

--- 帖子 #945 ---
I have been waiting for the system to open a new trade and nothing has happened. I have loaded templates, I have the happy face on the right up corner!! am  I missing something here? Today, zero trades.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #946 ---
that is why I trade manually........... FEAs

--- 帖子 #947 ---
LongBar, thanks for your response but today October 05 the system did not have trades for all pairs. I wanted to test all pairs to see the system working but no trades at all. Loaded the template, loaded the MisterED_v1.4.0 with live trading checked, switch expert advisor on, happy face smiling on the right up corner. The whole day = Nothing, no a single trade. may be I am missing something here. By the way what is the Magic number 20090722?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Forex account,

Are you sure you have a chart open for each of the pairs? Also make sure you don't have any other profiles open at the same time otherwise the EA turns off.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
LongBar,

See attached picture so you can see what happened to the EA this time. The order was not submitted due to an internal error.Let me know

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Hi Forexaccount,

Please note that MisterED strategy triggers trade only if certain things lined up - you would probably see days when no trigger is found while on other days there could be multiple ones.

As per the picture you attached, the INFO line suggest appropriate SL and TP values for the entry point shown. Could be that the actual price was moved a bit while the order was submitted which could cause the reported error in the ERROR line. In this case the EA would make another attempt to submit the order at next incoming tick data, and until you are within a few pips of the original entry price, the order would finally get through. If this was not the case then please mail me the expert log file (<path to MT4>/experts/logs) and the MT4 log file (<path to MT4>/logs) so I can evaluate in detail the issue.

Cheers

Longbar

--- 帖子 #951 ---
hi guys, i placed the EA and there is a message written, HAS return zero value? what does that mean?

--- 帖子 #952 ---
As far as I can see you use FXCM account which does not accept initial SL & TP with the market entry order. You will have to set EA parameter TwoStepOrderSubmit to true so the EA will not set SL/TP with the market order but will set those in a follow up order modification.

Hope this would help you out!

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Longbar I really appreciate all the work you have selflessly put into this EA which seems to do a great job replicating the strategy.

One enhancement which may have already been mentioned before, apologies if it has, would be hidden TP/SL levels.

Another would be a chandelier exit, or even simply exiting either both or second position on HAS colour change. At the moment exit 3 seems to catch the trends best, but still leaves a lot of pips on the table with the trail being hit part-way into the trend.

How about this: 3 entries: TP1 at ATR, TP2 trails the HAS, TP3 at colour change?????????????????????????????????????

BW

CG

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Thanks for taking care of the issue and yes it looks like FXCM does not allow that. Thanks a million for your hard work  I just modify the EA setting EUR/USD triggered but only one lot !!!!! Do you know how to trigger the second lot?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Just managed to read through this entire thread, a very simple but effective looking system.

My only concern is it is fundamentally an a lagging moving average based system. These tend to work well then fail to deliver big time when the markets do not fit.

Has anyone performed backtesting to determine if this is a steady and stable system yet ? as I have not found anything in the thread, although I could very well have missed it with all the late night reading.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Mr. Ed, First, thanks for your generosity...Have you considered using minimum/maximum candle close differences/ATR to filter trades instead of candle length/ATR? For example, Gbp/Jpy ATR 1300 on H4 chart is 1.2. For a signal to be valid, I am presently using .15 x ATR 1300 as minimum change in closes between the signal candle and the candle that preceeded it, and .5 as maximum. So, for this pair, for a valid signal, the change between candle closes must be at least .18 , but not more than .6. What do you think? Would be great if someone could code an indicator to show Delta Close/Close as percent of ATR. Pippo

--- 帖子 #957 ---
MR. Ed

I am too in the same seat as you, demanding job which keeps me busy over 10 hrs a day. But, then opening a manual thread wont be bad either cause:

a). Deep understanding of your system and trades, plus some small nicks here and there might be missing for us.

b). Anyone will like to know if the entries/exits were in accordance to the rules set or not.

Vicky

--- 帖子 #958 ---
I just discovered this EA as well as the 4 hour system. Would like to check out the EA. Any settings recommendation for a beginner, please?

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Hi Pippo

Any chance of a screen shot to indicate what you were describing?

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Hi Cliftonarms

I agree that this is fundamentally a lagging moving average system. It does not catch every move and it also may not achieve the maximal return on every trade. However the aim is to be mechanical and low imput whilst remaining profitable.

I have back tested all of the pairs I trade for a minimum of one year and in most cases for 5 years. What is more I have been forward testing this for the last 18 months or so.

As you will know there are optimisations that can be used but on my data trading every trade on my 11 pairs I have only had 1 month since Jan 2008 where I made a loss (183 pips for the month of August 2009). The average return over the period has been 4611 pips per month. N.B. the results are lower this year but still have given a reasonable return (3197 pips per month over this year).

I therefore believe it is a robust system as the markets have moved around a lot over the last 20 months.

However it is up to you to confirm it yourself with backtesting and to also forward test it and optimise the trades yourself to get even better results.

All the best

Mister ED

(last month 2867 pips with 69% strike rate with 78 trades using 11 pairs)

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Hi Vicky

I will give it a good thought over the Thanksgiving weekend and will decide next week.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #962 ---
screen shot. It is conceptual. We now disqualify signals if they are produced on the close of either very long or very short candles. I think you may have reasoned that a)a very long candle leaves less room for profit taking, and or that because a long candle is an atypical candle (news release, Central Bank action, etc.), it does not accurately represent H4 trend direction. b)a very short candle is simply not informative. It appears to me that closing differences is a better metric for determining room for profit, or the effect of a candle's price excursion (H-L) on trend direction. For example, a candle may have an extra wide range but still close with the trend, near price's MA. It may lead to some interesting and informative developments if someone could code an ATR indicator of candle closes.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
In addition to your post I would like to add that the system should disqualify the pullbacks, they are usually short when the trend is strong. I just turned the express advisor to work only in the trend direction and this eliminates those small pull backs. Just my two cents

--- 帖子 #964 ---
I went through the complete thread and am now confused about various input paramters..

Can anybody please list down all the available Input parameters and their importance.

ALso, if any better combination of settings will be usefull.

Thanks,

PRkash

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Hi Longbar

When do you think the EA will be ready for live trading?

Thanks again for all the work

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Hi Guys,

I'm attaching and indi that seems to filter most losers, it has increased my winning ratio over 4 times over visual backtesting.

It does so by filtering entries that happen in a ranging position.

Basically entries that happem within the purple channel are not valid.

My values after some testing are: 4,24,0.12

You could check other values and share your findings if you want

Thanks

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Hi specialOnefx, the difference is as you just defined:
... and the difference is difference between the high and low of that candle? ==> yes

you talk about the signal candle here

LB

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Hi yan7181,

This message simply a result of that MT was lacking of history data for the chart & period you run the EA on. Once the EA refers to that particular chart/period MT should start downloading the historical data and in few tick/second this message should stop and the EA should be able to work properly.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #969 ---
If you suggest not to set TP/SL levels and instead to rely on the EA to monitor and execute them ... then I am not too sure. These levels could be close enough to cause major headache if the EA looses connection to the broker for a couple of hours, therefore the ability to monitor and ensure the exit at TP/SL would be at risk. I've been experiencing lost connection to the broker so for the very purpose I am just about to set up another project for myself to monitor my EA's from an observer location...

OK, let me add these exit ideas to the list. To be honest the 3 entries would require a significant restructure of the EA, ie good bit of effort

As far as I can recall the next one on the list is the news filter, but its up to the folks in this thread to make a call here...

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Check out the ExitMethod parameter. Default value of 1 fires a single position on a trigger, value 2 and 3 go for 2 positions per trigger

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Hi PRkash,

You're looking for a users guide  which is I am afraid the thread itself... Maybe you want to go through the first pages of the EA source code (right click the EA name in the Navigator window & select Modify), the history of changes hopefully would give you more comfort. If still lost then just ask about the parameter you not sure.

Myself just run the EA on a few pairs with EntryMethod , ExitMethod 2 and MoneyMgtMethod 1 on demo account. Not much time left to actually properly test the strategy - others on this thread might give you a better setting for a start. Mr Ed offered statistics of the strategy so I guess those would be also be food for thought.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Hi Jaula,

Well, good question - I'd say this is something up to your decision & comfort level...

In terms of fuctionality I believe the EA offers all what Mr ED described and a bit beyond.

In terms of code quality I am not really the one to make a call and prove my code good or bad  I think it is reasonable, follows basic principles and caters for certain error/exception handling which is a must for live trading. However this EA is still a best effort basis leasure work with basic testing during development plus forward testing by folks in this thread. And this is where your main point/question comes into play: due to lack of consistent/throughout testing there could be cases where the EA does not function as expected or at all. In these situations the EA may mishandle triggers or orders and those may potentially cause harm to the account - we just do not know whether all the possible cases would have been covered by the basic development tests + the forward demo tests by folks so far. This is a risk which is fully yours.

This reminds me that I should include a statement in the EA code to disclose these risks and highlight that the EA comes as is, without ANY warranty or guarantee, all responsibilities must be assumed by the EA user at any time. Also there is no support offered of any kind. I just implement and improve the EA due to my interest in the stategy and on a research basis. The big thank goes to Mr ED first of all, I just did my DIY on the EA and made openly available to the community.

Hmm, from my prospective this is the answer, though I am not sure if this answers your question up to your taste

Longbar

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Hi watube & Alsea,

I just took a brief look at the news indicator. We have to be careful the way we use it as it is able to generate good bit of load on the hardware. With the indicator we can check what time the previous and the next event takes place, or in other words to see when was/will be the next event.

How would you like to use this indicator for the Mister ED EA?

Longbar

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Longbar the RAVI Fx Fisher filter does seem to do a very good job preventing the losers looking at a visual backtest. Could you add to the request list?

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Hi Longbar,

I wrote in post 765,
"I check the news frequently during the day and consider it essential, but I don't want it included in the EA. Too complex an addition. Most traders will trade some, but not all, red/ orange events, so a simple flag won't work and you're back to assessing each event and deciding trade/ no trade.
There are several free news indicators that will post recent/ upcomming events and you can filter for red, orange, yellow flags per FF calendar. Keep it separate and choose the one you like best, or just check the news calendars. Again, KISS."

Another reason for keeping news considerations separate from the EA is the cpu hit. During a fast market my cpu is frequently pegged at 100%. It's a Duo core 3 GHz with 2 GB ram running XP SP2, far from the slowest ones being used. Adding a news reader function would only grind it slower.

I'd prefer the effort be put more directly into trade management functions.

Adding more granularity in the risk & exit strategies offers greater potential for increasing profitability,  Option to limit combined risk. Something simple like "Max # of open trades" or "Minimum % Margin Required to Trade" Option to use the wick or body of the HAS indicator for TSL. Wicks are more pronounced in HAS v2 and I'd like to test to see whether wicks or bodies are more profitable. Mr Ed also wrote that he sometimes uses the wick to exit. cgldsmth post 953 request for "How about this: 3 entries: TP1 at ATR, TP2 trails the HAS, TP3 at colour change?" Although this appears to be what is already implemented with exits 0,1 and COOS function, I assume he was asking for a "mix and match" option, the ability to exit with something like "2xATR or HAS TSL-wick[or -body], whichever happens first". Exits are where the money is made. Adding more control options for the exit strategy would allow us to fine tune for profitability.

What do you think?

Best regards,

JR

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Longbar,

The news filter that I have seen in other EA's will have variables as to not trade within a period of time before or after the news.  And the news is rated I believe 1-3 in order of importance.

So minimally you would have a variable to turn on and off the news filter.

One to limit the news in order of importance, I think 1-3.  FF uses red (3), yellow(2) and white (1) colors for the importance.  I prefer to only block out the red events and still trade during the yellow and white.

And one variable to block out the trade times for a period of time before and after the event, say 15-60 minutes.

I hope this helps

Thanks for all the hard work!!

Alsea

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Hi Alsea,

Take a look at the attached FFCalTest EA to double check this is what you are looking for.

The way the indicator works it must be attached to a chart with the same pair & TF you intend to run the FFCalTest EA and enabled to store XML file (SaveXmlFiles=true). Once this is done you can open up another instance of the same chart/TF and attach this FFCalTest EA to it.

Play around with the test EA to validate it does what you want

Let me know!

Longbar

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Right, JRpips8 started to pull together the actual list of features, let's add this one to that list as well.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Hi JR,

Yeah, I try to cater for every one's requests so all of us would enjoy as the EA expands.

Thanks for the list, it makes sense. Adding cgldsmth's request this would be then the full list at the moment: Option to limit combined risk. Something simple like "Max # of open trades" or "Minimum % Margin Required to Trade" Option to use the wick or body of the HAS indicator for TSL. Wicks are more pronounced in HAS v2 and I'd like to test to see whether wicks or bodies are more profitable. Mr Ed also wrote that he sometimes uses the wick to exit. cgldsmth post 953 request for "How about this: 3 entries: TP1 at ATR, TP2 trails the HAS, TP3 at colour change?" Although this appears to be what is already implemented with exits 0,1 and COOS function, I assume he was asking for a "mix and match" option, the ability to exit with something like "2xATR or HAS TSL-wick[or -body], whichever happens first". RAVI Fx Fisher filter To be honest I am not 100% clear on point 3, I think we should go into details to discuss what the feature is - any comment on this?

Which one is to go for next? Point 2? Would be interesting to see backtest impact of using the wicks instead of the body & HAS v2...

Longbar

--- 帖子 #980 ---
excellent work Longbar. I'd suggest 2 and 4 if you are prioritizing.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
I know this isn't a pair normally traded for this sytem but looks like a nice short setup materializing. Especially if price breaks strong recent support at 1.6250. Goes against the fisher filter but I will take it not least because of the downward trend. New candle in 15 minutes.....

--- 帖子 #982 ---
If the fisher line is coming from above (or below) and it's just crossing the channel to continue on the other side then you can take the trade. See the example in your chart on Oct 1st at 12:00. The longer and more vertical the slope the better.

If it's on the channel or getinng into it with a very horizontal slope then you can expect a consolidation area

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Hey Longbar,

Great work so far on the EA!

Quick enhancement-Can you add a TP and SL parameter for custom stop loss and TP options.

For example if you only want to take 20 pips tp per entry

It would be cool if could have something like the following:  If ATR Stoploss and TP is lower that user configured stoploss and TP then use ATR Stoploss and TP.

Else

use user configured TP and SL.

Edit:  Also, can the EA be configured to use custom tp and use ATR stopless?

LB let me know if you have any questions.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Can someone give feedback of the EA, profit/looses. I can't test it since I am on my live account all day long.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #985 ---
All,

I'm testing the EA on live acct using 'All days'  I'm using 0.01 in a mini account, so if I lose 1000 pips only $100usd.  I'm trading all 11 recommended pairs but not the recommended days.

Let me know if you have any questions.

BTW no trades taken yet.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Very nice, Hello.....when did you start this test on the EA?

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Wrenski,

Started yesterday with the GBPUSD, but did not get in trades as there is strong bull trend!  Applied other pairs today(about 2hrs ago).

Thank you

--- 帖子 #988 ---
I have backtested the EA for the month of September and got no where close to 2867 pips????  I know Mr E. was manual trading, but you would think the ea would be some what close.

Anyone else?  LongBar?

Appreciate your help

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Hello - what was your pip total for last month? It may have a lot to do with the fact that you are using all days instead of the recommended days as suggested by Mr. Ed.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Nice number. That is a fantastic results in one month. Did you use 4H time frame?

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Longbar,

Your work looks to have good results. I have a question regarding the ExitMethod. I understand some of them but I am still confused. Can you confirm my thoughts?

0:Fixed TP1 off ATR    -  Submit 1 lot and take profit at ATR

1:Trailing SL on HAS bar - Submit 1 lot but trails at HAS bar "LOW"

2:TP1 + trailing HAS bar orders - Submit 2 lots, 1 take profit at ATR and 1 trails at HAS "LOW"

3:TP1+BE & trailing HAS bar - NOT CLEAR TO ME. EXPLAIN PLEASE.

2 - Other question is, What is the latest EA release/version. I am using v1.4.0. Please confirm.

3 - What does Stat Method means?

0:Off

1:Backtest only

2:Always

4 - Finally. What does MagicNumber "20090722" means?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Longbar,  I've had the version 1.0.0 installed since it came out and initially it was executing orders.  Recently, I've noticed that it hasn't been initiating orders as before and I was thinking that perhaps it had something to do with a recent change to 5 digit quotes.

I upgraded to version 1.4.0  Below are some of the error messages that I see.  Can you help diagnose what my problem might be?

2009.10.16 09:14:40    MisterED_v1.4.0 USDCHF,H4: ERROR: SubmitOrder - order submit failed (MT Code: 130 Desc: invalid stops)

2009.10.16 09:14:40    MisterED_v1.4.0 USDCHF,H4: INFO: SubmitOrder - new BUY order at bid:1.02083000 , entry:1.02111000 SL:1.01738000 TP:1.02671000 Lot:0.40000000 exp:1970.01.01 00:00:00 ExitMethod:3 Cmnt:37.3 140.5%

2009.10.16 09:14:40    MisterED_v1.4.0 USDCHF,H4: INFO: CalculateLots - lots to risk (11156.81000000, 334.70430000, 364.40935317, 0.92000000, 0.40000000, 0.40000000)

2009.10.16 09:14:40    MisterED_v1.4.0 USDCHF,H4: INFO: CheckTrigger - HA colour change found, potential BUY direction trade (BUY,2:SELL)

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Try and change the last setting TwoStepOrderSubmit to TRUE. May be your broker like mine does not allow you to submit orders with Stops/Limits at the same time. If not, ask LongBar.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #994 ---
03:00:14 MisterED_v1.4.0 GBPUSDFXF,H4: WARNING: CheckPrereqs - Trading context busy, will try again at next incoming tick

03:00:14 MisterED_v1.4.0 EURJPYFXF,H4: WARNING: CheckPrereqs - Trading context busy, will try again at next incoming tick

03:00:14 MisterED_v1.4.0 GBPJPYFXF,H4: WARNING: CheckPrereqs - Trading context busy, will try again at next incoming tick

03:00:14 MisterED_v1.4.0 USDJPYFXF,H4: WARNING: CheckPrereqs - Trading context busy, will try again at next incoming tick

03:00:14 MisterED_v1.4.0 AUDUSDFXF,H4: WARNING: CheckPrereqs - Trading context busy, will try again at next incoming tick

03:00:14 MisterED_v1.4.0 GBPUSDFXF,H4: WARNING: CheckPrereqs - Trading context busy, will try again at next incoming tick

03:00:15 MisterED_v1.4.0 GBPJPYFXF,H4: WARNING: CheckPrereqs - Trading context busy, will try again at next incoming tick

No trades were taking and there were no manual trades at that time. Also, there were no valid Mr ED trades.  I don't know why the EA is reporting these messages.  When I look in the journal tab, there are no such trade context busy messages.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
What were your numbers for September?

--- 帖子 #996 ---
I'm getting the same messages on version 1.2.0

Also, there was a trade that should have opened yesterday (I believe) on USD/JPY. The trade was noted by the EA on the chart, but did not open.

Here's the message received in the "Experts" tab:

2009.10.15 15:44:00    MisterED_v1.2.0 USDJPYm,H4: INFO: init - MaxOpenPriceDiff, ATRMinimumTriggerPips values multiplied by 10 due to 3 digit feed (100, 0)

Any ideas why the trade did not open?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
I don't remember exactly, but I'm sure it was not those numbers.

I will upload the data this weekend from my test in September

--- 帖子 #998 ---
I haven't started testing yet (the strat. or the EA). I will be on it full tilt the week of 10-25.

W.

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Two trades have kicked off on live account(EURUSD/NZDUSD).  Currently down pips

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Yep, I see those. The EA is definitely taking the signals. Just sit tight...it is kinda late on Friday afternoon for any real action.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Here are the backtest results from September using the the EA.  They are lot different than MisterED results.  However, I was trading everyday and not the optimized days.  I will retest with optimized days.

LongBar have you found any good settings?

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
LongBar,

Why are there two trades opening at the same time?  Is there a problem?

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
that's how the strategy works.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
CS,

Thanks for your reply.  Can you direct to a post where we are supposed to take double positions on one trade?  I read through the thread and mister Ed's pdf.

Appreciate your help

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Hi Hello

I have had a look at some of the back test results from the EA and the trades differ sometimes quite a lot from my charts. Which platforms charts have you used? The timing of some of the trades seems to be out from my charts.

Also when I trade I place two components, one closes at the TP1 and one is a trailing stop based on the HA candle, that is if they win, if they lose they close at the ATR. You appear to only have one component to your trades.

The reason I trade like this is because of using a spread betting platform for my trades. This difference means that you are not taking 50% of each trade off early. The effect of this can be that some pairs often retrace quickly and you can end up barely making any pips on a trade.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
I'm currently using Forex.com uk.  I was only using the " 0:Fixed TP1 off ATR" option as the other options open two trades at the same time, which result in loss.  I think there is a problem within the EA or I'm just misunderstanding.  When I use one or other "2:TP1 + trailing HAS bar orders, 3:TP1+BE & trailing HAS bar" I get the double trades as I posted earlier.

I will probably have to manually trade this strategy, but the EA would be great as I work full time.

Thanks for the reply.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Hello,

The whole point is to enter two trades - one you take a profit on at TP1, and if position remains in the trend, 2nd position gets you more pips.  You can set each position to be 1/2 of what you would normally trade.  Try the strategy iwth exit #2 - "TP1 + trailing HAS bar"  I believe that's the true Mr. Ed way.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
FF,

Thanks for the explanation.  I thought it was supposed to open one trade and if TP1 was hit then you take off 1/2 position and let it run with a TS?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
3:TP1+BE & trailing HAS bar - NOT CLEAR TO ME. EXPLAIN PLEASE.

==> Once the 1st order reached TP1 the second order's SL is brough to the break even (BE) immediatelly, then the 2nd order is trailing the HAS

2 - Other question is, What is the latest EA release/version. I am using v1.4.0. Please confirm.

==> Yes, version 1.4.0 is the most recent.

3 - What does Stat Method means?
0:Off

1:Backtest only

2:Always==> When enabled the EA generates a statistical summary file based on the trades performed. This is somewhat similar to the one Mister ED used and could be used as a starting point for a detailed analysis. The file is generated when the EA or the chart closed/detached, or at the end of a backtest run.

4 - Finally. What does MagicNumber "20090722" means?

This is when I started implementing the EA, format YYYYMMDD

The "magic" value is just a number, nothing special about it. Each order the EA creates will have this number associated, so when the EA iterates through the orders based on this number the EA will be able to recognise the orders belong to it, ie like a filter to ignore orders managed by other EA's.

Keep this number unique to Mister ED EA if you were running multiple EA's on the account. Also change this magic number if you had multiple identical charts/TF hosting the EA...

LB

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Please restart the MT platform - I've experienced strange behaviour of MT when the data feed was changed while the MT was running.

If you still experience the difficulty then email me the expert log file from your <path to MT>/experts/logs folder for the day Oct16.

Also double check that if the broker allows SL/TP limits with market entry order. If not then set the TwoStepOrderSubmit parameter to true.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
hello,

MT offers a single thread to the broker's server to perform trade operations. The EA checks the status of this thread before going into trade decisions:
if (IsTradeContextBusy())

{

Log(logWarning, "CheckPrereqs - Trading context busy, will try again at next incoming tick");

return (rcError);

}

You are getting these messages because MT reported that the trading context was busy. If you had multiple EA instances and any of them would perform trade activities then you would see this message for a couple of seconds, that is normal and expected - but when the trade is completed the message should stop showing up.

If you know that no trades were performed on the account by other EA or manually then I'd suggest to restart MT and see if this goes away... if MT was stuck on the trade thread then this should clear it off.

Yeah, not very scientific approach but hey we are dealing with pieces of sw here

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
yen44x,

See my previous post re the tradin context busy messages - those are expected for short periods of time.

Re the USDJPY trade please review the experts log for the period you would have expected the trade to take place. If the EA was running you should see messages to explain what happened, either the ratio was outside of 50-200% range or order handling errors were preventing order submission. If not sure then send me the experts log file to review.

LB

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
hello,

See Mister ED's strategy desciption doc at the first post. Page 5 talks about some way of potential optimizations, one of them reads:

... "Some pairs are more profitable if everything is taken off at TP1, others do better if half is taken at TP1 and the remaining 50% left to ride the trailing stop loss. That is for the individual trader to decide and must be done by back and forward testing." ...

This is what the EA implements.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Unfortunatelly there are brokers not supporting partial close of a position, that's why the 2-order approach to keep everyone on board...

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
LB,

Can you create an option to take off partial positions from brokers that allow it?  OR A second EA for this option(just take the code now and stop it from opening second trade and close out 1/2 of the position)?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Hi Hello,

The option already exists. If your broker allows partial closes, you only need to set TwoStepOrderSubmit = false.

Many of your questions would probably be answered by reviewing Longbar's comments within the .mq4. He provides fairly detailed explanations of all the changes and how to set the various options. Just open Metaeditor and then open the EA and scroll down from the top to see most of the comments.

Alternatively, you could review the thread, looking for Longbar's posts of a new version. The posts usually offer a bit more detail.

Best trading,

JR

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Thanks for your reply.

hmm does not seem to be the case here

See attachment with settings.

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Hi hello,

Partial close was introduced with version 0.7.0, corresponding lot size calculation was bug fixed in version 0.11.2. However version 0.14.0 has replaced this feature with 2-order handling due to the issue reported with some of the brokers.

To be honest apart from the technical details of 1 vs 2 orders there is no difference in the results. The 1-order approach would start off with 1.0 lot size and closing in full at SL or closing half at TP1. The 2-order approach would start off with 2 x 0.5 lot size and closing off the 2 x 0.5 = 1.0 at SL or 0.5 lot at TP1.

Do you have any specific reason the 2-order approach is a no-go for you?

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Thanks for the response.  No big deal!  Can you add a user defined TP that still uses the atr for Stop loss?

Let me know if you have any questions.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hello,

I have noticed something weird with your last report. If you look at order # 4 one lot closed with profit but the other one was closed with lost, and as you can see the trailing went from  151.44 to 150.57. I don't get it. How is it possible to be in negative if the stop lost moved beyond the first lot which closed with profit?

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
LongBar,

I have noticed something weird with the report "hello" posted test3.zip. If you look at order # 4 one lot closed with profit but the other one was closed with lost, and as you can see the trailing went from  151.44 to 150.57. I don't get it. How is it possible to be in negative if the stop lost moved beyond the first lot which closed with profit?

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Yep, only exit method 3 moves the SL to break even. Exit method 2 will trail SL only with the HAS bar which can be behind BE... so if method 2 was used then loss on the 2nd position is possible...

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
I got it, you are right. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
This version 1.5 allows us to play with the different HAS indicator versions and check trailing function tracking the body or the wick of the HAS bars.

New features: Parameter HASIndicatorVer to select version 1 (Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed.mq4) or version 2 (Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed rev 2.mq4) to be used by the EA. Be sure you have the corresponding indicator already installed on MT! Mister ED used ver 1 as default. Parameter TrailingHASLong and TrailingHASShort to drive which part of the HAS bar the EA should use for trailing SL. Use value 0 to set SL according to the body part of the HAS bar, value 1 will refer to the wick part. In case of long/buy position the top of the body/wick is used, for short position the bottom of the body/wick is used for trailing. Ticket comment now contains EA version number instead of EA name (no more space left there hence the replacement) If someone gets to the point to compare results with the different indicator versions and body/wick approach please share out the results - I am very interested in

Stevegee58 fixed the HAS indicator earlier (Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed rev 2.mq4), download it from post 285.

Many pips to all!

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Has someone tested 1H. It looks 1 hour provide better on time signals.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
MR Ed:

I'm trading manually and waiting for the close of the first HA candle to enter the trade.

However, I've noticed that most of the times the second candle opens with a very short red signal on the ATR vs candlelenght indi. (see the graphic).

Should I enter anyway? OR? I don't think I've seen any case yet where the second candle opens in blue on the ATR vs candlelenght indi.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Hi Bali2002

The ATR/candlelegth indicator will always open up red at the start because the candle has only just started to form and will therefore always be below the 50%ATR threshold. The ATR indicator is only refered to really at the end of the formation of the signal candle to see if it is either too big or too little.

I have just entered long on EURUSD, AUDUSD and Gold.

Just have to see how it goes.

All the best,

Mister ED

Your chart is not showing the candle formation just the price, and so you cannot see that the candle has only just formed. It would be easier to see if you changed to show the candlesticks.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Ok, thanks a lot I'm really having good results with this system.

I'm also long on EU and AU, but haven't taken gold cause it seems very ranging at the moment (I'm using the ravi fisher to determine ranging areas). We'll see

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Just want to say thanks to you all. I installed the EA (default settings) and it made 4 successful trades in just 1 day.

Long EUR/USD

Long AUD/USD

Short USD/JPY

Short USD/CHF

Although I am using a demo account, I am happy to found a good EA and will continue to monitor and use it as a gauge for my actual real live trading.

Keep up the good work !

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
May ask you which version, what timeframe, and what settings you used, please?

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
(1) I installed the demo from FXCM MT4

(2) I installed the MisterED_v1.5.0.mq4

(3) I changed no settings at all except one in the EA which is TwoStepOrderSubmit = True (The default was False). I read somewhere this is necessary for FXCM

(4) I left it to run overnight.

Here's the attached results from first day:

http://i33.tinypic.com/2qnnxgy.jpgOf course it is only 1 day....

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
The trade time and date are both  the server time and date, right? For instance, if there is no trades scheduled in the EA for Wednesday's and my broker is 8 hours ahead of me, then a valid trade for 9pm (my time) on a Tuesday night will not be triggered. Correct?

and thanks for all the work everyone here has already done.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
That's right, server time is used all the time.

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
I've been stopped in the last 2 trades using SL=ATR. Should I have used a bigger SL I would still be in the trade.

Any suggestions? Maybe putting the SL at last low? Using pivots to select SL?

Thanks,

Bali

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Longbar,

I'm the ONLY one who has yet to get even ONE trade from this EA. Either I'm very unlucky or I have not understood anything at all.

I have been loading ALL the versions of the EA but no luck yet. And I'm not talking about 'winning' or 'losing' trade. I'm talking about ANY kind of trade.

I've put it on my live a/c and demo a/c. but.......

Vinesh

BTW does it work on live a/c?

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Hi Bali

This is the perennial questions with placing trades. I find that particularly with NZDUSD there are a few small candles and then some large ones, often with equally large retracements.

Looking at NZDUSD the way it behaves is not as suitable for this system as some other pairs. Either you should drop the pair or optimise the trades, I have found that Monday and Friday are by far the most successfull days to trade this pair. That decision can only be made after forward and back testing. Also the spread on NZDUSD is large and this can eat into things. I have also be taken out by stop hunting on one occasion, probably as this is a lighter traded pair than some others.

At this stage NZDUSD is up to 2 strikes for me and may well be dropped if things don't become more predictable.

I agree that using pivots etc may be helpful but this becomes a little selective in nature, and therefore "I'm out".

Most of the pips this month came from the early weeks so far which is unusual, this week has be up and down, but I feel that next week may be more steady before the usual start of the month/NFP confusion.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Vanesh,

If you backtest it, do you get trades?

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
That you ED.

Looking at the NU chart retrospectively I've seen those big spikes happening pretty often and decided to drop the pair, particularly because I'm quite succesful with the other pairs.

Thanks,

Bali

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
I never backtest any EA. I don't believe in it. I always forward test it and that too on a small live a/c. Small is 1pip= 1cent. Gives you better perspective with your self preservation instinct.

Vinesh

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
That's a good way not to have any loosing trades

Well, please double check that you have the appropriate HAS indicator installed on MT. Review the terminal log (Crtr+T, Journal tab) and the Experts tab for any obvious error resulting in no trades.

If you still do not see the root cause then please do the following: Open a new chart Attach the EA to the new chart with your usual settings Wait a minute to let it process a few incoming ticks Take a screenshot (eg File/Save as picture) Then send me the picture and the recent log files (1 from <path to MT>/experts/logs, 1 from <path to MT>/logs) so I can evaluate them.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
An EA master with a sense of humor . . . that's a great combination.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Hey LongBar,

Can you add a function in the EA where we can choose a custom TP; but still use the ATR calculations for the  stoploss.  I feel like the stoploss is optimized, but we can optimize TP with a custom TP parameter to take more or less pips.

Let me know if you don't quite understand(I talk better than I type )

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
[quote=LongBar;3156331]This version 1.5 allows us to play with the different HAS indicator versions and check trailing function tracking the body or the wick of the HAS bars.

New features: Parameter HASIndicatorVer to select version 1 (Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed.mq4) or version 2 (Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed rev 2.mq4) to be used by the EA. Be sure you have the corresponding indicator already installed on MT! Mister ED used ver 1 as default. Parameter TrailingHASLong and TrailingHASShort to drive which part of the HAS bar the EA should use for trailing SL. Use value 0 to set SL according to the body part of the HAS bar, value 1 will refer to the wick part. In case of long/buy position the top of the body/wick is used, for short position the bottom of the body/wick is used for trailing. Ticket comment now contains EA version number instead of EA name (no more space left there hence the replacement) If someone gets to the point to compare results with the different indicator versions and body/wick approach please share out the results - I am very interested in

Stevegee58 fixed the HAS indicator earlier (Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed rev 2.mq4), download it from post 285.

Hi Longbar, I've d/l the ea and HAS indicator and set them up as described elsewhere in this thread. While i'm familiar with eas can you please give me a little help with the time settings for the individual days?

For example, if I wanted the ea to operate on Mondays from 00:01 to 00:00 then how would be placed exactly in the ea?

Many thanks,

McKevvy

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
hello,

What about the EA parameter ATRMultiplierTP?

You can scale up/down the TP relative to the ATR value. As such the strategy (and the EA) takes relative values so using an absolute TP figure would be out of sync with the main idea of Mister ED.

What do you think?

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
[quote=McKevvy;3168442]
In order to trade Mondays around the clock (at new bars of your choice as per EAPeriod) set up the EA as follows: TradeDay = Mon TradeTimeMon = All That's all!

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
That parameter does not work like I in vision.  It is set at 1(which I believe is the lowest).  Would it be hard to add a part in the code that uses the custom TP and the atr as the stop loss?  The reason for my inquiry, is a lot of times when a trade is active, the market moves 10 pips in the correct direction.  Personally, I can take 10 pips a day and be more than happy.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
I am getting this Warning in all my charts. It says it will try in next incoming tick. But dont think, it is doing that...

Can anybody please help. Do I need to set any paramter for this.

Thanks,

Prakash

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Right, I add this feature to the to-do-list.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
See my previous post 1011 and 1012.

LB

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Thanks for the clarification. But it looks like it stuck with that warning message.

So it requires a manual intervention of restarting the MT. But for that, I should be infront of my laptop isnt it.

Is there any other way of doing it. Can we program to restart the MT automatically?

Thanks,

Prakash

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Hi Prakash,

Looks like you ran into an MT problem - I do experience similar from time to time.

Note that the EA has no visibility and not intended for checking the healthiness of its host MT application. This should be done by an external (to MT) process or the end user (ie yourself  As I have similar issues in general I am just thinking to start up a project to monitor and restart MT instances when appropriate... until someone has a better idea?

But for the time being I guess manual MT restart would be simplest way to do this.

Cheers

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Hi Longbar,

Sorry to burden you with more questions. I have used the Metaeditor to decode the changes to the EA over the past few months but I need to clarify the following:

Entry Method: I am using 2,  Std and retracement.  What is method 3 Reversed standard entry.

Exit Method: 2 TP1 trailing HAS Bar orders. Does this close the first trade at TP1 and trail the second order on the HAS bar?

TP1 Orderlotspct Does this split the 2 orders 50/50 at entry if 50 is entered?

Stat Method.  What does this do?

Many thanks.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
[quote=ianforex;3173298]Hi Longbar,

Sorry to burden you with more questions. I have used the Metaeditor to decode the changes to the EA over the past few months but I need to clarify the following:

Will enter the market when standard trigger encountered as normal, however it will open opposite direction position, ie instead of BUY it'll SELL etc. Note that this will not look for retracement trigger.

This is what exactly it does.

This is what exactly it does.

See my other post 776

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Hey Longbar,

When will you release the next version?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
[quote=LongBar;3173319]
Hi Longbar,

Many thanks for the reply.  For information I have had a great month using the EA to paper trade and appreciate all your hard work on the EA.  I am planning to try it live in November with manual intervention if required.

Thanks again,

Ian

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Mister ED,

Are you on the EA from Longbar or are you still entering manually?

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
New features in version 1.6.0: RAVI FX Fish indicator based entry filter. Set the RAVIFX_EntryFilter to 1 to enable the filtering and use the other RAVIFX_xxx parameters to configure the indicator. If the indicator value is between the +/-RAVIFX_Trigger range then the filtering takes place, ie trading trigger of HAS bars ignored Parameter CustomTP1 to override the Mister ED's default ATR based TP1 calculations. Set CustomTP1 in pips to override or set it to 0 (zero) to use the default ATR based TP1 calculations. My very limited and non-representative development tests show increased win ratio and profitability by each one of the above new feature - however appropriate testing should be performed before drawing any conclusion.

Before going ahead with the RAVI FX Fisher indicator dont forget to install it on your MT terminal - bali2002 shared it with us at post 966.

Enjoy the week!

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Longbar you are the man

thanks for all your hard work

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
I think I may have found an issue OR maybe a better way to use the RAVI filter.  Look at the circles in my attachment, which a buy was triggered and stopped out.

I think we should use the first HAS candle against the RAVI filter?   What do you guys think?

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Oops, that's my bad - thanks for pointing out!

See attached the bug fix, which takes the second last bar instead of the current/last one.

Also I streamlined a bit the filter handling code...

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Hi Mr Ed;

Are you still using FXDD as a broker? Do you find it reliable?

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Hi Bali

I only use FXDD for my charts, I have yet to try them for any trades. I trade with a spread betting company from the UK.

I am also still just trading live. The EA is looking good but I just don't have time to properly set it up and use it at the moment.

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Thanks longBar!

However, there still seems to be issues that results in a lost where the trigger is between -/+.

2/17/09 04:00 GMT+0 a buy resulted in loss as you can see from my chart

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Hi hello,

If I am not mistaken your chart seems to have EA v1.5.0 attached - this version does not have the RAVI FX Fish indicator incorporated so filtering would not take place. I guess you would want to upgrade to the EA v1.6.1 for this feature

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Hi Longbar,

Thanks for the new EA.  I'll be trying it out for the rest of  this week.  BTW you must be living on a similar time zone to me? GMT +4

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Hi Longbar,

Do we need to change the settings on the Ravi filter to 4,24,0.12 when we put it on the charts?

The EA has the correct settings but I wasn't sure if the indicator has to be loaded and set on the chart correctly.

When I load it on the chart the default settings are 4,49,0.09

Many thanks,

Ian

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Hey LongBar,

Sorry for the confusion.  I'm trading v1.5 on my live acct.  I was backtesting 1.6.1.  I compare my visual backtest charts with my real charts and they both showed the same.  Someone can backtest around the time I posted and see if they get the same results.  Most of my losses should have been filtered by the RAVI filter, but they are very close calls(where the target is on the +/- line.  Prob should have something where it is < rather than <= ).

Thank you,

Antoine Walker

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
You have to enter the values for the indicator.  The indicator default values are different.

Side note:  The EA will use the correct settings, but visual they will be wrong unless you change the indicator values on the chart.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Anyone else testing?  What are your results?

My results with 1.6.1 with RAVI filter enabled are not so good.

Find attached

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Here are the 1.6 results with the RAVI filter.  They are alot better!

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Hi Mr Ed

Which pairs do you trade on which certain days?

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
1st post which there is a .doc file that states the pairs.

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Hi Ianforex,

Close enough - actually I am in Ireland, same time zone as UK

LB

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Ian,

The EA loads all the indicators on its own and those are not visible on the chart. The loaded indicators will be configured according to the EA parameters.

If you want to visually double check what's going on then you can load the (same) indicators on the same chart the EA is attached to. The EA will still use its own indicator instances, independent from the one(s) you attach to the the same chart.

So ensure that the EA parameters for the indicators are set properly (eg HASIndicatorVer, HAS_MAx_xxx, ATRPeriod, RAVIFX_xxx).

If you curious and want to make the indicators visible then backtest the EA in "Visual mode" or click "Open chart" button after a backtest run

LB

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Ohh, that explains

In general with MT, 1 pixel on the screen represents a range of values so what may look on the edge could actually be either <, or >, or hmm =

The only way to make a call is to check the Expert log where the IsTradeFiltered function prints the values to, something like this:
2009.10.26 12:55:38    2009.07.01 16:00  MisterED EURUSD,H4: INFO: CheckTrigger - HA colour change found, potential BUY direction trade (BUY,2:SELL)

2009.10.26 12:55:38    2009.07.01 16:00  MisterED EURUSD,H4: INFO: IsTradeFiltered - RAVI FX Fisher filter activated (0.07898968, 0.12000000)

This says the RAVI FX Fisher filter got activated and you see the red and the green numbers in brackets. The red is the actual indicator reading while the green is the threashold (EA parameter RAVIFX_Trigger). When the red figure is in or on the edge of the range of +/- the green one then the filter takes place. This is the exact verification of the EA action to filter or not.

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
When I bug-fixed the v1.6.0 to v1.6.1 there was one minor change made to the RAVI FX Fisher indicator evaluation:

Instead of doing this -RAVIFX_Trigger < Indicator reading < +RAVIFX_Trigger the expression became this -RAVIFX_Trigger <= Indicator reading <= +RAVIFX_Trigger observe the equal sign.

So if you get different results using the different versions then it is likely down to the RAVIFX_Trigger parameter... of course assuming that you get 90% modelling quality for both runs otherwise the results follow more of a random number generator

----

Edited later:

Just to add, see attached my backtest results over the period of Jan 2007 to Feb 2009 at Alpari UK. I see a significant improvement when the RAVI filter is enabled.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
thanks for the info.  Looking through logs now

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Longbar,

Found it  Can we add some kind of buffer so it will not get triggerend when it is so closed to +- targets.  Will probably filter some good trades, but will also stop some of the losing trades.  Backtesting with the latest version caused a margin call.  1.6 seems to do ok.

11:22:34 2009.02.17 04:00  MisterED_v1.6.1 GBPJPYFXF,H4: INFO: CheckTrigger - HA colour change found, potential BUY direction trade (BUY,3:SELL)

11:22:34 2009.02.17 04:00  MisterED_v1.6.1 GBPJPYFXF,H4: INFO: IsTradeFiltered - RAVI FX Fisher out of filter range (0.12580154, 0.12000000)

11:22:34 2009.02.17 04:00  MisterED_v1.6.1 GBPJPYFXF,H4: INFO: SubmitOrder - new BUY order at bid:131.58000000 , entry:131.65000000 SL:0.00000000 TP:0.00000000 Lot:0.10000000 exp:1970.01.01 00:00:00 ExitMethod:0 Cmnt:133.0 104.5%

11:22:34 2009.02.17 04:00  MisterED_v1.6.1 GBPJPYFXF,H4: open #7 buy 0.10 GBPJPYFXF at 131.65 ok

11:22:34 2009.02.17 04:00  MisterED_v1.6.1 GBPJPYFXF,H4: modify #7 buy 0.10 GBPJPYFXF at 131.65 sl: 130.32 tp: 131.68 ok

11:22:34 2009.02.17 04:00  MisterED_v1.6.1 GBPJPYFXF,H4: INFO: ModifyOrder - successful order SL/TP/exp modification

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
thanks very much for the explanation.  How do you improve model quality?  Mines always shows N/A but I have a lot of unmatched data errors.

Edit**Which version did you test with?

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Note that when the filter takes place you see this message:
2009.10.26 12:55:38    2009.07.01 16:00  MisterED EURUSD,H4: INFO: IsTradeFiltered - RAVI FX Fisher filter activated (0.07898968, 0.12000000)

However when the filter is NOT triggered you will see a different log:
11:22:34 2009.02.17 04:00  MisterED_v1.6.1 GBPJPYFXF,H4: INFO: IsTradeFiltered - RAVI FX Fisher out of filter range (0.12580154, 0.12000000)

If you would like to reserve more room or buffer then I would suggest to change the RAVIFX_Trigger parameter accordingly.

Just comes to my mind the main changes from v1.6 to v1.6.1 was to read the RAVI indicator belonging to the trigger HAS bar (second last) instead of the last bar. This could be another, and probably the main source of the diffs. What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Longbar,

Post #1059 I was referring to the HAS candle that RAVI was filter against.   As you can see the first blue HAS candle should go against the filter.

For example in my attachment post #1059 you see the circle with the two BUY HAS candles.  It seems that the RAVI is being executed on the Second BUY HAS candle instead of the first.

Kind of hard to explain

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
I thought it was the first HAS  We can test the first HAS.

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
BTW->I believe this option tested better.
-RAVIFX_Trigger < Indicator reading < +RAVIFX_Trigger

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Uhh, that almost falls into the magic part

The hard way is if you try to download 1M and other TF data from your broker platform using the chart (scroll back) or scripts. Probably you would go for 1M and then convert that to the higher TF using the period_converter script provided with MT. Best if you delete all your TF data before start this procedure. This would give you very limited test data though as most of the brokers offer you only a few months 1M data to download off the demo/live accounts... but at least you would have "live" data off your broker.

The other hard way of you just download some sort of data via the History Center (see Tools menu). Here you can quickly have several years worth of consistent data - from somewhere, but you have no idea how that compares to your actual broker's data...

The even more harder way if your broker offers TF data for download. You can download those files and import using the History Centre. This would be the best though very limited brokers offer the data...

So once you cleaned up and loaded data into the History Centre then restart MT to store the data to disks and then you can try backtest within the dates you now have data for. Watch out for 90% quality as below that the results completely unreliable, with the 90% modelling the results would still be just an approximate though...

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Read this for 90% modeling quality:

http://alansforexblog.com/2008/02/27...pert-advisors/

I use fxdd; for M1 history go here:

http://www.fxdd.com/en/mt1m-data.html

History data is available from other brokers but I don't have the links...

Jack

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
"The other hard way of you just download some sort of data via the History Center (see Tools menu). Here you can quickly have several years worth of consistent data - from somewhere, but you have no idea how that compares to your actual broker's data."

I've done this before but still no positive results.  I will try to delete data and download again.

Can you have RAVI filter go against the first HAS bar and keep the filter syntax as this -RAVIFX_Trigger < Indicator reading < +RAVIFX_Trigger.

This seems to make a big difference to me.  What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Thanks Jack!  I will test this out

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Ah hah!  got 90% with FXDD

Thanks for the help.

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Your welcome!

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Attached are the statements for the GBPJPY h4 with 90% model quality.  Still 1.6 outperforms 1.6.1by more than 100% profit.

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Long Bar,

I have one request if possible. Can you add some option for break even positions. For example if both positions are in profit for an X amount of pips, the stops would move to break even on both (X pips beyond entry point). My point is; if a signal is generated the momentum should be good enough for the next bar to move in our direction.

For example : Entry Long  1.2000

Minutes Later price reach 1.2025    (+25pips)

Stops would be placed at 1.2005 or whatever.

This way we could lock at least some profits.

I don't not if I made clear myself. My English is not very good.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Good Idea!  Like a trailing stop after a certain amount of pips is reached.  We already use TS, but only after TP1 has been reached.  I like your suggestion as most of the time the market moves in our favor, but TP is not reached.

Something like this would also work.

For Example:  exit option 4: Custom TP && TS at HAS(both positions)?

However there is exit method 1 "1:Trailing SL on HAS bar" TS the HAS bars or wicks.  I still like your suggestion better

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
yep!

2 winners!

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Be aware that if you use TP=SL=ATR and you exit before the TP is reached you are then altering your R/R and one stop loss can wipe away many winnings!

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Thanks Bali.

Which ea are you trading?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Longbar,

Sorry for the time it took to respond to your post #977.  I have been out of touch the past ~2 weeks.  I am just catching up.

These are the news filters I am currently using with other EA's and they work well.  I placed it on one pair and it worked so please continue on when you get time.

Looks like the thread took a Ravi turn so I have more catching to do.

Thanks for all the work I look forward to paper trading 1.6.1 in the next few days.

Alsea

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
I'm trading manually for now, with good results.

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
LongBar,

I just started using the EA live but I just noticed something. The Exit option # 3 is not really a Break even option. The stop is moved where the 1st order was closed giving very little space for price movement. I thought that break even was to move the stop to the entry position. Let me know if you get what I am saying. The overall EA is just perfect.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
hello,

Seems to me what you are really after is to aply the RAVI indicator to current (last) bar, even though the strategy checks the closed bar (second last). I am goign to add an another EA parameter so you can select which bar you want to read the indicator off - this is the main difference between ver 1.6.0 and 1.6.1.

Note that the indicator at the current bar will repaint itself so any decision the EA might make could make no sense later once the current bar (price) progresses over time. The only way of decision validation is to review the EA logs to see what was the indi reading at that point in time.

Thanks for sharing out your test results!

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Had a look at the code and I see no obvious bug there. The following logic is applied (well at least the intention was): When 1st order closes move 2nd order's SL to the 2nd order's entry point (break even) However if trailing on HAS bar would move the SL beyond the break even point (ie into profit) then use that as SL This is because ExitMethod 3 applies BE & HAS trailing logic.

Would you double check that your experienced SL movements follow the above logic?

LB

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
I will double check but I was in front of the computer when the Limit for first order was hit and I saw the stop of the second order move at the same "CLOSING PRICE" of 1st order. I didn't have time to change it manually. It reversed 2 pips and put me out(with +74 pips on both)I will monitor these events but like I said, I saw it and was there when happened. I will keep you posted.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Thanks LongBar!

You are doing very impressive work especially with all the request( I know mostly from me. I don't mean to be annoying )  Just trying to improve the performance, so we can mimic Mr. Ed.

BTW where is Mr. Ed?

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
I've been curious about that very question!

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Hi Wrenski

I am still here, just trading things manually. I have not been using the RAVI indicator as I have not tested it enough so I am just trading the same plan as post 1.

I am not a programmer and so have not been commenting on the EA issues. I also am going through a very busy time away from trading so have had my hands full just putting the trades on manually.

The system is producing pips for me nicely, with this month being one of the more successful this year. I am concentrating on just trading at the most profitable times and days, rather than adding extra indicators to select trades. I am sceptical about using a lot of indicators that could repaint.

The aim of this thread was to get an EA which it seems is on its way to achieving. I am going to start a seperate thread which will be more of a journal to just show what trades I have been taking.

Keep up the good work especially you Longbar.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
I couldn't agree more . . . too many indicators just tend to confuse me and I end up making poor trading decisions. The basic indicators you use seem to do the job fine without cluttering the charts. I'm still trading this strategy on a demo account as I try it out, but this week has been especially profitable.  I'll post my results at the end of the week.

I'm using the Mr. Ed Indicator v 1.2.0 and it's working great . . . trades are opened and closed flawlessly without adding a lot of other indicators.

So, thanks to Mister Ed for the strategy and Longbar for the EA.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Forexaccount,

Could you post a screenshot of the bars involved in this?

Also the corresponding Expert log messages?

I'd like to understand what was happening

LB

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Here you go hello: EA version 1.6.2 has got these small additions:- RAVIFX_Shift parameter to select which bar is used for RAVI FX Fisher indicator reading Statistics filename has been expanded with some of the new EA parameters Words of disclaimer added  RAVIFX_Shift =0 reads the indicator on last bar, =1 the second last etc.

All the best!

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
LongBar,

Thanks for asking. I will pull the expert log. The only change I made to the EA was that the SLFactor changed from 1.0 to 0.9 so losses are reduced. Do you think that this is the cause for such behavior?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
You are da man!

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Oh man that'd be GREAT!!  Looking forward for it!

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Count me in too...I'd love to see your trade journal.

W.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
I'm getting the impression that an ATR SL of x1.0 is not loose enough to allow the good trades to develop. An example is today's UJ longs which were stopped out prematurely.

I will backtest ATR 1.0 vs 1.5 over the weekend.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Could be a good idea. Please post your results.

Would you change the TP to 1.5 too?

I got stopped out on UY long, and:

I got 50% profit on EY long and then was stopped out. Should I have gone all the way with 100% ATR I would have lost everything too.

Same happened with GY long.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Looking forward to your post!!

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Mister ED

Did you start that journal?  I would be interested to compare trades.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
hi mr ed,

after reading all the post i am still not clear with 1 part @_@..

do u mind explain what should i do when we reached TP 1?

how and where to set the next SL n TP2?

thank you!

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
subscribe

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
All,

6345 pips so far in 2009 with all pairs minus eurgbp and audjpy(bad results with these pairs), recommended trade days and RAVI filter.

See attached.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
re: member hello

All,

6345 pips so far in 2009 with all pairs minus eurgbp and audjpy(bad results with these pairs), recommended trade days and RAVI filter.

I tested GBP/USD with every tick but not 90% data with a few optimised settings on the 4hr for this year to date. Could you please test with these settings on 90% data and confirm or not confirm the 5028 pips this year. I have not yet set up 90% data on my metatrader. Im now learning about it more.

trade times Mon to Thurs were:

00:00,04:00,16:00,20:00

and Fri is 00:00 only

entry method = 2

close on opposite signal = 0

exit method = 0

money management = 0

lots = 0.1

ATR  TP = 5

ATR  SL = 2

HAS method = 2 6 1 2

ATR Period = 40

initial deposit 5000   Profit factor  4.02

total profit 5028 Jan 1st 2009 - Oct 30th 2009
Strategy Tester Report
MisterED_v1.6.2
PFG-Demo (Build 225)

SymbolGBPUSD (Great Britain Pound vs US Dollar) Period4 Hours (H4)  2009.01.01 20:00 - 2009.10.30 20:00    (2009.01.01 - 2009.10.31) ModelEvery tick (the most precise method based on all available least timeframes) ParametersMagicNumber=20090722; EAPHelp="0:Chart TF, 1:1M, 2:5M, 3:15M, 4:30M, 5:1H, 6:4H, 7, 8:W, 9:M"; EAPeriod=6; EMHelp="0:Standard entry only, 1:Retracement only, 2:Both standard and retracement, 3:Reversed standard entry"; EntryMethod=2; RetraceTriggerPct=32; ATRMinimumTriggerPips=0; CustomTP1=0; COOSHelp="0o NOT close ongoing trades, 1:Close & re-enter as per new signal"; CloseOnOppositeSignal=0; TDHelp="List of days to trade OR 'All' for every day (Mon,Tue,Wed,Thu,Fri,Sat,Sun)"; TradeDay="Mon,Tue,Wed,Thu,Fri"; TTHelp="Check for trade at bar times in HH:MM format OR 'All' for every bar (HH=00-23, MM=00-59)"; TradeTimeMon="00:00,04:00,16:00,20:00"; TradeTimeTue="00:00,04:00,16:00,20:00"; TradeTimeWed="00:00,04:00,16:00,20:00"; TradeTimeThu="00:00,04:00,16:00,20:00"; TradeTimeFri="00:00"; TradeTimeSat="All"; TradeTimeSun="All"; ExMHelp="0:Fixed TP1 off ATR, 1:Trailing SL on HAS bar, 2:TP1 + trailing HAS bar orders, 3:TP1+BE & trailing HAS bar"; ExitMethod=0; PLCHelp="Percent of lots for order with TP1 (ExitMethod=2 only)"; TP1OrderLotsPct=50; MRDPHelp="Max price difference to open pair of orders"; MaxOpenPriceDiff=10; MMMHelp="0:Off, 1:% of Acc/balance"; MoneyMgtMethod=0; LHelp="Lot size when MoneyMgt is off (MoneyMgtMethod=0)"; Lots1=0.1; Lots2=0.1; TRAPHelp="Account % to risk when MoneyMgt is on (MoneyMgtMethod=1)"; TradeRiskAccPct=10; AMTPHelp="TP1 = ATR() * ATRMultiplierTP"; ATRMultiplierTP=5; AMSLHelp="SL = ATR() * ATRMultiplierSL"; ATRMultiplierSL=2; SMHelp="0:Off, 1:Backtest only, 2:Always"; StatMethod=1; HIVHelp="HAS ver 1:'Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed' 2:'Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed rev 2'"; HASIndicatorVer=2; THLHelp="Trailing based on 0:Body or 1:Wick"; TrailingHASLong=1; TrailingHASShort=0; HAS_MA1_Method=2; HAS_MA1_Period=6; HAS_MA2_Method=1; HAS_MA2_Period=2; ATRPeriod=40; TwoStepOrderSubmit=true; RAVIFEHelp="0:No filtering applied, 1:RAVI FX Fisher based filter applied"; RAVIFX_EntryFilter=0; RAVIFX_MAFast=4; RAVIFX_MASlow=24; RAVIFX_Trigger=0.12; RAVIFX_Shift=0;

Bars in test2305Ticks modelled3814184Modelling qualityn/a Mismatched charts errors2614

Initial deposit5000.00

Total net profit 5028.25  Gross profit 6693.17   Gross loss  -1664.92

Profit factor  4.02    Expected payoff  201.13

Absolute drawdown 144.78 Maximal drawdown 698.46 (7.79%)

Relative drawdown 7.79% (698.46)

Total trades 25 Short positions (won %)11 (54.55%)

Long positions (won %)14 (64.29%)

Profit trades (% of total)15 (60.00%)Loss trades (% of total)10 (40.00%) Largestprofit trade822.29loss trade-209.41 Averageprofit trade446.21loss trade-166.49 Maximumconsecutive wins (profit in money)4 (2551.24)consecutive losses (loss in money)3 (-530.46) Maximalconsecutive profit (count of wins)2551.24 (4)consecutive loss (count of losses)-530.46 (3) Averageconsecutive wins3consecutive losses2

ianlikesgolf

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
I found your settings for ATR-TP = 5 and ATR-SL = 2 and ATR = 40 generate better results in testing.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Testing now..Will let you know the results.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Hey Longbar,

Last suggestion:

To stop the culprit brokers, can you add a feature that will hide SL and TP prices?

Let me know what you think?

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Would you be able to post your set files, please.  I have FXDD account and would like to test your settings myself.

Thank you in advance!

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Ian,

Emailed you the results.

Let me know if you need changes.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Attached are my results for last week using the Mister Ed strategy with Longbar's EA (v. 1.2.0), with a 2% risk on each trade on a $5,000 demo account.

These results were all on auto-pilot i.e. the EA did all the work and opened and closed trades flawlessly.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Not bad Yen Man for being on auto-pilot! Did you make any major changes to the settings on the EA for these results?

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Ian,

Have you tested any other pairs?

Anyone have any good settings for eurusd?

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Hi All

I have decided to start a trading journal to show the trades that I see on my charts each day. I will update it each evening so it is not going to be a live signal feed, it is purely to help show what I have been looking at.

I will be trading the system as I stated in post 1 apart from the fact that I will be using the optimised times and days that I have derived from my past data. I have attached a sheet showing what the times and days are currently for each pair. I intend to update these on a monthly basis.

I hope this helps to show how I use the system.

All the best,

Mister ED

Beware November can be a tricky month to trade!

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Hi Mr Ed,

May i know how much you trade for each pips on each trade?

For example, do u trade all pips with same amount of money or each trade with risk not more than 2%?

different pairs have different pips range, that is why i am quite confuse with the money management part.

thank you

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Hi Heal What

I risk 3% of my pot on each trade. The variable pip range I feel is accounted for in the ATR for each pair and so I just make my risk calculation based on theis and the 3% rule. The most that I can therefore risk is 33% of my pot at any one time, this however has never happened. If I were to have 11 signals at the same time I would probably only trade with 2% on each trade.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Longbar, regarding mixed color HA bars, sometimes the bars stay mixed color for 3 or more bars, but then then a nice trend develops. The EA gives up looking for a trade after 3 mixed bars. Would it be possible to have the EA take the trade when body and wick agree, even if preceded by several mixed bars?

Thanks,  Jack

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
I appreciate that you will be including the specific days you trade each pair. Until I compile some data of my own, I'm relying on your expertise on optimal times to trade. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Hello, my friend, and thanks for referring me to this thread.

The only settings I may have changed are:
Entry Method: 2

Exit Method: 2

Money Management Method: 1

And, I'm using Mister Ed's suggested days to trade for each pair.

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
I know you from Ace's 4H Breakout thread. Glad to see you start posting here.

Are you using Longbar's EA (v. 1.2.0) posted on September 26, rather than more current versions? If so, any reason, please?

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Thanks . . . I'm glad I was referred to the system. Yes, I'm using version 1.2.0 posted on September 26, primarily because it seems to faithfully follow the original rules of the strategy. As I understand it, later versions of the EA just implement suggestions or additional indicators. I have usually found the more indicators I use, the less I understand what's going on. Simple is good in this case.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
That's cool!!

Are you going to post in this thread or start a new one?

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
The new thread is in the Trading Journals section: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=204552

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Bars in test2305Ticks modelled3814184Modelling qualityn/a Mismatched charts errors2614

I'd suggest that with this amount of mismatched chart errors that you downloads and recalculate your history files.

You can do by going to Tool --> History Centre and selecting the pairs you want.

You'll find that you get a different set of results (either better or worse) but it's imperrative that you get as accurate results as possible.

McKevvy

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Hmm, that would require a good bit of change to the EA structure I am afraid. The recovery process makes an advantage of the SL/TP values set (or not) to recognise where the order submits failed and from what point to recover.

Also the SL/TP values are dynamic ones so those should be then properly recalculated based on bars belonging to the setup in the past, per every tick or EA restart.

On the other hand if the connection gets lost to the broker then nothing will apply stop losses - I see this a major disadvantage of hidden SL in general.

So if you do not mind I would not be pushing for this change... what is the opinion from others???

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
I've seen a couple of times longer than 3 mixed bars alright.

Mister ED: do you skip or you keep monitoring these longer formations?

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Hi yen44x,

Keep in mind that all new/extra features are optional, ie by default are turned off so the EA remains "compatible" with the original strategy. Obviously you will see some new parameters belonging to the new features of those you should ignore if not using them.

The other comment is that the latest EA version may have some bug fixes of earlier versions... and just to negate that could have new bugs introduced

Anyway as a best practice you probably want to use the latest EA version and ignore all the features you do not need.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
[quote=LongBar;3199045]I've seen a couple of times longer than 3 mixed bars alright.

I've been looking at longer MA periods for the HA candles, and it seems multiple mixed candles are common at higher MA periods.

Jack

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
hello I have read a lot of your posts over at the 4 Hr breakout thread, also wrenski and shikos too. Nice jokes and cool pictures great for my trading motivation. Thankyou for sharing many of your thoughts on trading over there. I have been following Mister Eds posts which have been invaluable & Im really encouraged to start following Mister Eds new trading journal to learn to trade wisely and consistently. I was curious on your thoughts on using a currency meter with trading. I have attached one from over at Forex TSD & Im very interested in "currency meter V5" from www.currencymeter.com which is based on MA + RSI + %R and Laguerre.

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Longbar,

I'm trying to optimize pairs with the EA, could you possibly make a revision to the code?

The way the EA currently handles the days in which to trade is by the user entering a string, could you change this to an integer? So that each day could be individually switched on and off..... Something simple like;

extern int mon = 1;

extern int tue = 1;

extern int wed = 1;

extern int thu = 1;

extern int fri = 1;

bool dayweek;

dayweek = false;

if(DayOfWeek() == 1 && mon == 1) dayweek = true;

if(DayOfWeek() == 2 && tue == 1) dayweek = true;

if(DayOfWeek() == 3 && wed == 1) dayweek = true;

if(DayOfWeek() == 4 && thu == 1) dayweek = true;

if(DayOfWeek() == 5 && fri == 1) dayweek = true;

if(dayweek == true)

This would allow the optimizer in MT4 turn on and off certain days and would remove the manual backtesting required to figure out which days are better than others for each pair.

I think it would be a good addition, and save alot of time and effort when it comes to backtesting different days. I've tried and failed to change the code myself, I'm no coding expert :/

Could you take a look at this request?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Hi xirtam,

Please refer to post 702 where I responded already on this topic.

Cheers

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Longbar,

Thanks very much for your work on the EA.  I just have one question regarding the time entry format.  Is the time separated using commands?

example:  TradeTimeMon = "00:00,04:00,12:00,16:00"

thanks,

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Yep, space or comma will do - pretty much anything but a digit (0-9) or the ":"

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Hi,

Setting the ATRMultiplierTP = 5 and ATRMultiplierSL = 2 really increased the profits on the  back-testing.  Can someone explain to me why it's better comparing to the default ATRMuliplierTP = 1 and ATRMultiplierSL = 1?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Yes, I agree with you 100%.  I am of the same opinion that the original rules usually produce the best resuls.  Please keep us informed how you are getting acquainted with the new system!

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Are you saying that if are to keep all the parameters at default, the most current EA version will strictly follow the original rules, with bugs in the earlier versions fixed?  Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Test it for 2007 and 2008 you would blow your acct depending on the risk.  I believe 2007 and 2008 you would lose over 2000 pips each year.  I believe the best way is to forward test the EA.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Great . . . thanks for the advice.

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
I remember seeing you name from time to time on the 4H Box thread. I remember because I'm a golf fan myself, although I primarily play for the humor of others . . . every time I swing, everyone in my group laughs.

That thread lent itself more to commenting on trades. This strategy is almost entirely mechanical, so there's not much to say regarding trade setups. That's not a complaint, just a comment . . . so far, the strategy's working very well.

I know absolutely zilch about currency meters, but I'll take a look at your attachments. Good luck on your trading.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
I'll do that . . . I usually try to post my results each weekend.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Yes Michael, thats the intention and I hope it gets through for any new features in the future as well.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Re:Yen44x

I'm a golf fan myself, although I primarily play for the humor of others . . . every time I swing, everyone in my group laughs.http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/s...m/blushing.gif

Yen I hope you keep up the golf, laughs are great inspiration for trading  & ideas for cool pictures for trading threads.

Here in Japan they have a small onsen ( hotspring pool ) at the golf course for after the game.

Its way different from my home country of New Zealand.

Yes this strategy is almost entirely mechanical which is great. Mister Ed did state in post 856.

"It is possible to use other exiting systems to go with the trend longer but I have not added this in an effort to keep things as simple as possible."

Using the different weekly averages of ATR for TP exits is one exit for this strategy Im interested to learn about.

all the best

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
re:   xiaojian ATRMultiplier

Hi,

Setting the ATRMultiplierTP = 5 and ATRMultiplierSL = 2 really increased the profits on the back-testing. Can someone explain to me why it's better comparing to the default ATRMuliplierTP = 1 and ATRMultiplierSL = 1?

xiojian

I found this to be true only on GBP/JPY and GBP/USD pairs. Also TP 4 was good. As I was looking at the charts a lot I saw some big trends so I tested many possibilities to capture the pips with keeping as close as possible to this strategy on this thread.

I found the 2-6-3-2 candle setting was the most reliable.

Also the larger TP did not work in November and December last year it actually lost money but worked well for Jan to Oct as in the test I did.

Each pair has its own personality. for example this year testing the USD/NZD so far, shows trading longs only with SL of 1.5 and TP of 3.5 to

keep the pair in profit.

The real answers for many questions will come I think from following Mister Eds new trading journal and learning trade by trade. Mister Ed is an awesome trader and teacher.

Im setting up my EA on each pair to Mister Eds current best times and days.

All the best

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
Re: McKevvy

Mismatched Chart Errors        Mismatched charts errors 2614

I'd suggest that with this amount of mismatched chart errors that you downloads and recalculate your history files.

You can do by going to Tool --> History Centre and selecting the pairs you want.

Thankyou I tried it and with control points and there were no errors, but with every tick the report is coming up blank for some reason. I will be changing over to 90% data soon I found a good post explaining how to set it up.

member Hello has kindly sent me test results with 90% data.

I have attached it with this post. The results were excellent.

Total net profit 5824.16

Profit factor 4.55

Relative drawdown 20.84%

this test was on $1000, if it was 3300 with 0.1 lots for about a 3% risk per trade the drawdown is showing at 9.76% on my  MT4 backtest.

But a note of warning Nov and Dec were not good results last year using these settings. Also I found these settings were especially good on GBP/USD only. I have attached my set file with 1 change adding the 12:00 trade time on Monday.

all the best

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Hi Longbar,

Is it possible to add in a Month parameter to indicator only to trade for certain months of the year?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
I know , I will find you here, you old rascal

How is trading going?

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
You knew because I told you, you young rascal.

So far, so good . . . and up until now, it was Shiko-free, but check it out . . . you may like it and it would give me someone to tease.

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
BTW, I still have this Heikin Ashi strategy. it is actually very good. especially if you combine it with Pivot points and S/R areas.

I dropped Heikin Ashi and Stochastic though, but Heikin Ashi definitely useful on 5-15 min time frame .

How trading is going? I think this one should do better than 4H box

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Longbar . . . thanks as always for your EA contributions. One question that has much to do with my general ignorance regarding EA's: I am currently switching from v. 1.2.0 to the newest version. Is there a way to save my settings on each currency pair in the old version and then transfer them to the new EA without manually entering each one? Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Trading this system is going well so far, but I'm only 2 weeks into it. I posted last week's results here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1125

Check out this particular strategy before concluding the HA is useful just on 5-15 min. time frames. This one works on 4H charts and seems to be well-researched.

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
I am trading discretionary that's why I took out Heikin Ashi and Stochastic. But idea was good. I have been doing it fo some time. results are good. But it is not mechanical obviously. It is generally S/R and pivots plus price action. Heikin Ashi might be used as filter inm this case.

BTW, we gotta set a pecking order here, who is old and who is yong rascal

How old are you ?

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
T-Rex was a personal friend of mine until he went extinct . . . I still miss him.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Ok ok, all hail the older rascal

I have checked records. Looks like hit rate is around 40%. I guess this one is trend following system and obviously mechanical.

I am going to interview tomorrow. equities trading company. Never traded anything but Forex. It is a junior trader position. Hope they will take me.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Good for you, Shiko . . . good luck!

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Hi Yen44x,

Thank you for sharing your results and I agree with you, my main interest is also to trade only what Mister ED has found profitable in his manual trading.

Using latest version: There is a bit of a catch22. If you use an older version then yes you may have some bugs that are not fixed yet, and if you use the latest version then you will have old bugs fixed but new bugs of all the additions you may not want. What is the last stable version? Or perhaps development is so fast that we cannot really answer that question... Would be great to see more testing results and I will try to help.

Yen44x: Are you limiting the days for trading as per initial document by MisterED? Or do you trade all days?

For saving the settings, you can simply press F7 (or right click the chart and choose 'Expert Advisor' and then 'Properties'). Then click the button 'Save' and save as a file. You can then later 'Load' this file at any time.

Looking forward to sharing more results

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Thanks so much, bubo, for letting me know how to save my settings.

In regard to the last stable version, Longbar would know best, and he advised going to the newest version. I did that this week, while still using the original strategy, and v. 1.6 seems to be working just fine.

To answer the question about how I'm trading, last week I used the days suggested my Mister Ed for each pair. This week, I added the specific hours he recommends. It's hardly a scientific study at this point, but last week was good, this week so far is very good. For now, I'll rely on the data Mister Ed has supplied since he has the most experience with the system.

By all means, share your results . . . that would be interesting to see.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
I picked up 591 pips in the last 24 hours. I am still using an older version of Longbars EA because I have not had time to load the newer one. I have it set to take all trades with no day or hour restrictions and taking all trades off the table at TP1.

Eleven trades so far this week with nine winners and two losers.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Very nice, my friend. Do you mind if I send the burros by to borrow a few pips?

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Send them on but I bet you've made about the same amount of pips.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Ah, you know me too well, but a few extra pips never hurt anyone.

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Very true my "south of the border" buddy....a little extra pipage is good for the soul.

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Wrenski,

Kindly post your set file.

Thanks,

Watube

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Has Mister Ed recommended the speicific hours for each pair? I couldn't find the info anywhere. Would you mind teliing me where I could locate it, please?

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
I am using V 1.2.0 and the only setting I changed was the lot size. One other thing that will make a small difference is the broker. I am live with IBFX.

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
That information is posted on his trade journal thread. Here:http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=204552

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Hi Longbar,

My broker server time is +5GMT.  So, at 3pm EST the chart shows the 8pm candle.  Your EA looks at the candle or server time? or my computer's local time?

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
I think you mean that your broker is GMT+0.  EST is GMT-5, so if your broker is GMT +5 then that's a 10 hour difference.  If it's 3pm EST and on your broker's market watch it shows 20:00 then your broker is GMT+0.

LongBar will have to tell you about the code.

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
xiaojian,

the EA is based on your broker's server time, as such the 4H bars will be formed according to the time zone of your broker. When you set up the TradeTimeXXX parameters then you will have to refer to your broker's server time as well.

LB

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Many thanks for sharing your hard work

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
After a couple of losers last night, I've decided to turn off the EA until after the NFP on Friday. Things look a bit unstable.

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
I'm looking a bit unstable after the losses overnight.

Anyway, I'm shutting down for the week too in anticipation of NFP. I managed to turn a very nice week into a somewhat profitable week with the late losses, but still, the demo account is up over 7% in two weeks. Not bad, considering that is complete mechanical trading using the EA.

Here's a summary of this week's results and cumulative results. See you all next week.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
wrenski and yen,

I had 2 losses as well.  Not surprising with the density of announcements we are seeing this week (FOMC, ECB, and NFP tomorrow).

I just started with new trades so would have been better off avoiding announcements.  Were you hit with losses by ongoing trades or new trades?

What is everybody's perspective on announcements?  To me it looks wise to avoid them, but if you are in ongoing trades (which I assume you are often with a H4 system), then you simply don't have a choice.  Or is there an option to manage ongoing trades while not opening new ones?  Or are announcements simply not such a big deal at H4 level?

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
I'll tackle a couple of your questions. In my case, I the losses were on new trades. All the profitable trades had already closed.

In regard to announcements, I think the impact is more related to the uncertainty in the market prior to the announcement, which can lead to some whipsaw trading.

All in all, it was still a profitable week, and I've got a few weeks now to plan my strategy prior to the December NFP. Good trading, all.

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Hi All

I agree with Yen44x. At the moment there is uncertainty in the market with several major releases this week. This causes many spikes and retraces. These may go for or against you, but with this kind of system it becomes a lottery if the markets do not have direction. I feel that you lose the edge and then it becomes a gamble.

The system generates trades for the rest of the month so I tend to be cautious during NFP week. I tend to take the trades that show up after the NFP signal, but am often caught out if the signal candle is large. But I have grown to not sweat over things like that and to realise that if I don't have trades open over the weekend after NFP then at least I get a break.

The timing of my candles often means that announcements come out during a candle and may have been out for a few hours before a new candle forms. This gives the market time to absorb it and therefore to decide how it wishes to react.

This is a mechanical system that is designed to produce results over the long term, there will be some great and some really bad days, that's trading!

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Hi Mr ED,

I hope you don't mind me asking a couple of questions?

1. Do you keep track of your trades manually so you can see which times of day, days of the week are best for certain currencies or do you have some automated software.  I have had a look at the Forex Control Centre software mentioned on a previous post.  It displays information in an easy to read format but it doesn't allow you to filter times of day etc.

2. How do you reduce the number of bad trades.  I have had some encouraging success recently but it would be great to reduce the number of losses.  Do you close a trade if you see the bar go the wrong way in the first hour or so of the trade?

Many thanks,

Ian

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Mr Ed,

I knew I wanted to ask something else.  What time zone are you charts on?

Many thanks,

Ian

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Hi Ianforex

I keep track of all the signals that are created in an Excel file. I then have another file into which I transfer the actual trades that I am taking. Therefore I have two Excel files that I can compare showing al the trades and the optimised trades. I can therefore compare things and see how the optimisation is working, and can modify it accordingly.

I generally do not try to second guess trades. The system is automatic and should be treated that way. On many occasions things will go against you initially and so you can be spooked by things. I have looked at trying to place orders taking this retracement into consideration as if I use the same SL and TP I can increase the profit and reduce the loss, but you do sometimes miss out on some good trades. I haven't done enough testing to see how reliable this would be.

My charts are from FXDD and I believe this is GMT+2 but I could be wrong.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
The GBP/JPY has bitten me twice now since Friday. That pair needs to find a direction and stick with it!

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
I agree... I got two bad trades from trading GPY-JPY.  Somehow EUR-JPY is doing better.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Same here!

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
How is everybody's week going? I am currently losing the pips I made last week.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Me too... I lost 300 pips.  Mostly loosing trades from GBP_USD and GBP_JPY.  Do you guys use the two order process or single order?

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
I am currently using single order entry and yes....G/J has been kicking my butt along with E/J.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Mr. Ed warned us about November but I am holding true to the plan. It will all work out!!

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Wrenski . . . you know I'm not going to show you up, so I'm dedicated to losing all my profits this week as well.

However, the week still has time to turn around, so we'll see what happens.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Hi Wrenski and Yen44x

Yes it's been a bit of a blood bath this week. Things are better if using the optimised entries but still a losing strategy this week. Hopefully things will get some more direction as everyone gets back to work later in the week.

Personally I am still recording trades but will probably be on the sideline as far as any trading is concerned until Friday at least.

This is where the money management really helps to restrict the losses.

All the best,

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Guys,

This week has been bloody, murder,  but relax. The thing is that market is ranging and this strategy is really for trending markets. What if we trade 1hour instead of 4H for this market?

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Hi, Im not surprised about the GBP dropping like a brick. The youth unemplyment here is is now 20% and the UK is the last of the Western developed countries to pull ou of the recession. In fact, the UK still has to show numerical proof of recovery.

Its certainly been a tough week and I've lost a lot of pips. I read in previous posts about this and next month being the hardest to trade in. I might just leave it till after the New Year.

McKevvy

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
is it so bad?

I am using Longbar's EA to trade.  this week,  we have cable profit (about 200 pips), but UJ loss(-150pips).   I have GJ and GU running (so far -17pips),  it seems OK to me.

anyone has same result as me?

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
No, I am down 406 pips for the week. I need to add, I am not trading with the recommended optimization time frames.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Give it a trial period and submit a report on your findings.

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Hi Mister Ed,hi eveyone;
First of all,  great work you pulled here Mister Ed.Much appreciated.
I have got some questions about some details. Soon I am going to start backtesting the system manually. I think it is important to understand the discretion about tightening stops and major news days  and backtesting it  manually is the only way I know to do that. It is quite a lot of work and I wanna do it right. I am sure you can relate to that J.
1. Say GU gave  a setup at 24:00 Tuesday night ( Bar started at 20:00). Do you take the trade or skip it considering it is Wednesday already.
2. I guess it was asked before but I couldn’t understand. The HA bars have no lower wicks. Given the fact that you sometimes use wicks to tighten stops how do you do that on short trades.
3. During your optimization process did you make any alterations about the tarding days of the pairs.
4. I know your broker uses GMT+1 and you live in Canada. I guess you use your broker’s time zone to consider the trading days of each pair not your local time right?
5. While you are trading do you always add/subtract  the spreads to SL&TP points because my broker’s spreads are killing me on some pairs like NZD/Usd especially at late night trades.
6. When the bar is too big to enter  you wait for the retracement.do you have time limit for the retracement to happen. Like 4 or 12 hours because the market’s direction may change during time.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Helloooooooo....there is an echo in this room!!

Where has everyone gone? One bad week and we abandon the thread?

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
I am having a little problem with timing.  I guess I can't follow the system completely.  I selected not to trade on Sunday and it still placed another other.  I guess I might have traded according to the server time.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
It got a little quiet in here

Is anyone using the ea

I am testing it with optimized settings (optimization for 2009) on all recomended pairs.

It lost a little at the moment (mostly jpy pairs)

I would like to know how others are doing with the EA

Boki

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Noooo....im just sitting here lurking and reading

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
It's going quite well for me on a demo a/c. I haven't had it running all the time but currently it's on about 9% profit. I really need to have it running constantly to be able to evaluate it correctly.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Hi All

I have been away for the weekend and so haven't been updating things. The last week has not been good but this happens. I feel that the next 2 weeks will turn out much better probably.

I will update the trades I have seen later today in my journal.

PrincoPronco -  I will answer your questions tonight.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
The thread is not abandoned. I am using the EA with little results as the market is still finding direction but overall I think is a good strategy.

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
There we go.....some chatting again. I am down for the month by 80 pips but I currently have four positive trades open and moving in the right direction. I am using the EA but not the optimized time frames.

May we all have a better week!!

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Hi All,

Always on the lookout for new EA's to try out and personal preference is longer T/Frames so have installed Mr Ed's system / Longbar's EA.  I am forward testing with the optimised settings along with 3 other EA's - the THV EA  and 2 of my own.   I reckon I will need at least 4 weeks before we get any meaningful results , but I will post them once I have anything significant to report.

B. Rgds

WR.

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Hi Forexaccount.

Glad you got good results.

What is the EA version and the .set file are you using?

Are you testing other pairs?

Cheers.

Nonnodom

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Hi all

I do agree that it is a little sad that this thread has lost the momentum it had. I just signed up to this forum as I have been following it for a while and thought it was time for me to enter the conversation. The simplicity of this system alone has made it a favorite for me, now if I can just get some live trading $$$, I will probably never look back to a smaller timeframe again.

I just wanna say thanks to all the contributors of this great system, I know a lot of work has gone into making this, and it really shows! I wish I had some numbers to share with you, but unfortunately I've never gotten into the EA side of things before now so I still need to get my head around how the whole backtesting of strategies works.

All I can say is that since I installed version 1.6.2 (2 weeks ago), I've been running it and had a poor week last week, but this week is strongly making up for it as we speak. I haven't had any problems with the EA so far, it's running well with EntryMethod=2, CloseOnOppositeSignal=1, ExitMethod=2, 3% MoneyManagement and no RAVI filtering or trading day optimization yet. I really like the integration of the RAVi filter, however I have been using it to manually confirm lack of trending and just skip trades I don't feel confident in.

Hoping to take this strategy live within the next couple of weeks (although I might start it off with manual trading, so I'll hopefully have a lot more to share when that happens. Till then, I hope you guys and girls out there are making some money, and please share your experiences if you're like me and just sitting out on the sidelines.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Yep, it's gone quite - on my end I was busy with end-of-year returns, grrr

My demo account started in July and was running the different versions of the EA (along as it was evolving) on the GPBJPY, EURUSD, EURGBP and GBPUSD pairs. There were a few weeks when it was off-line in August and sometimes my connection to the broker is lost for a couple of hours. The EA is configured to trade all opportunities all days so no period optimisation is configured.

I have seen ups and downs since day 1, the range is within approx 4500 to 5500 on a 5000 demo account. At the moment the account stands at balance 5349 with no open trade. For november there is a profit of 37 so far.

I really should set up another demo account as per Mr Ed's optimisation on all pairs to see how it goes

All the pips!

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Can anybody post the latest optimization settings. Or give the link for the post.

Couldnt find it.

Thanks,

prakash

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Hi Prakash

The latest settings for optimisation of the technique that I use are on Post 1 of Mister ED's HA trading journal. I am trying to keep these updated as they are a dynamic thing, but you must remember these are related to my specific charts and so it is up to you to test them to see if they work for you.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
I have read every message in this thread (took me all day - whew!), and I think the thread author and the terrific coder are fantastic guys!  Thanks for all of your in-depth analysis and hard work.

At this point, I believe it would be great if a summary of all required indicators and settings necessary for the successful implementation of the EA could be pulled together on one page.  I'll do my part and try to summarize things as I see them at this juncture, but it may take another day or re-reading to pull it all together.

Until then, I remain...

Ed Number Two

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Hi PrincoPrinco

Sorry for not answering last night.

1) all the trades that are mentioned are based on the starting time of the signal candle ie the  Tues 20:00 candle closes at midnight and the trade would be entered at this time, on a Wednesday even though the signal started on a Tuesday. However the statistics are all based on the start time of the signal candle, therefore this would show up as a Tuesday trade in the stats

2) I just trade off the bottom of the candles. There are other indicators that have been tried that add wicks to the bottom but I don't use them. This is where the system can be modified to your own settings, but that is where discretion starts to enter the calculations.

3) I trade with the optimised system but I run 2 spreadsheets, one is optimised and the other is including all the possible signals with no optimisation. Then I compare and see how things can be tweaked.

4) I place my trades according to FXDD candles, this means that only one of the candles (4:00) is not tradeable for me as it is 2:00 local time

5) I do not include spreads. I am reviewing the NZDUSD as the spreads are high and the performance is not the best. Also volume is smaller and I have seen stop hunting in the past. It's not my favoured pair.

6) Retracements are an area of ongoing development. On starting using the system  I would ignore them as they can be tricky. I usually will dump a potential retracement if it hasn't triggered within 3 bars. I am hoping to have more information at some stage but have been too busy at work and home to trawl through the data.

I hope this helps. The last few days have been somewhat better and I would expect this to continue for the next couple of weeks or so. But still keep to the rules of the system!

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Mr. Ed,

Thank you so much for your kind sharing and patient answering of questions. Most appreciated !!

Perhaps you could avoid a lot of the same questions if you edited your first post and added a link to your journal and say that current optimizations can be found there.

To everyone: Questions are good.  Just please don't be lazy.  Please don't bug Mr Ed with daft questions. We don't want to lose him like so many other contributors who eventually get fed up by all this work caused by newbies who want others to do the thinking for them.

This is not a brains-off system. You have to read at least some of this thread to appreciate the logic and the risks you are running, and what version you choose. Please read before you ask.

If you look for versions of the EA then open the attachment menu at the top right of every page, beside the page number links. You will easily find the latest versions and dates of posting for looking up the explanations.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Hi Bubo

I have just posted the link on post 1. Here it is again Mister ED's HA trading journal

I am glad that you like the system. It is not always an exciting way to trade but it suits my style. Trading the system is easier than trying to keep up with the threads !

Still it is a learning experience for everyone.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
Thanks Mister Ed.

I have started my backtesting tonight. So far so good..

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Hi MisterEd

I jumped into this thread just few days ago,and I'm still trying to understand if your System could be good for my own trading style

but I wanna say a big thanx to you,not only for sharing your system but MOSTLY for your Journal!!!

I guess it's time consuming to keep itup to date,but it' s really a great Idea,and I hope other system threaders on FF will follow your steps

about your system:

do you simply enter everytime you see a signal on your selected days ,or you draw some support-resistence-trendlines-pivot and so on??

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Hi Swissforex

I'm glad that you enjoy the thread.

All the information that I have recorded and used to base the optimisation  parameters with is totally based on the HA bars and does not use any form of S/R lines or pivots etc. This is just to make it more easily reproducable for anyone following things. Obviously if you want you can use the signals as a baseline and then include these factors but this does become somewhat subjective eg should you use daily pivots, which server time do you use, how do you define pivots, what time scale is your S/R calculation based on.

Personally I find these things hard to judge but that may just be that I haven't devoted long enough to studying them. However they may also be useful to further enhance any returns on the system.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
hi LongBar,

just found this nice thread and want to thanks you for your efforts, great.

I know that your time is actually precious and i don't try to abuse of it but if you choose to tweak this system again for better results, here are my requests:

- we need to select the "long run":

taking trades in a too narrow sideway range generate DD. so i think we need to monitor 2 ranges defined by trader: first for actual TF ( x last bars), second for higher one (day or week) and then exclude entries if price action is not trending. That need some testing to define each pair conditions. Maybe a good idea too is the ratio of these ranges (range1 / range2)

- if we just have closed a "long run", it's dangerous to take a trade immediatly because there is often a pause just after or a small pullback; so i think that we need a parameter to define it.

- finally, don't take trade if price is near the 2 MAs (100 & 200; quite the same value) because we don't know if price will bounce or break this moving support / resistance; better to wait.

Here is my feeling: better to drop risky conditions and wait for strong moves, there are enough pairs and time frames to play with.

I have bookmarked this golden thread where i've learned so many new ways to code from you, thanks again Sir.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Hi Yen, how are things going?

Have you read what I sent you. it is a really good stuff. Obviously you should not take everything 100% , but it has a good point. Combine it with S/R and you have good method. It is not mechanical strategy though.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Hey Shiko . . . long time no tease. We've been moving, so I took a couple of weeks off from trading. I also need to catch up on your p.m.

How did your interview go?

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Moving ?? Are you just relocating in Mexico?

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Yes, just changing homes in Guanajuato. The previous landlord actually expected us to pay the rent . . . can you believe it????

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
I love this system. I just installed it however, I dont seem to get those entry lines or the stop loss or take profit boxes. Can anyone help? I use IBFX and FxPro demo.

thanks

S

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
He he, I used to own a couple of rooming houses in Toronto area.

I am so happy I do not anymore

Rent collection sucks with that kind of well fare dudes. You cannot imagine what I was through as a owner

Beating crap out of tenant was not out of possibilities

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
That's where I learned basics of risk control

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Very good, Shiko.

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Listening to True  and missing 80's

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Styngray, to check installation do a backtest for the last month or two. Then open the chart on the strategy tester panel to see the trades...

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Hello all,

it would be great if we could compare more results from everybody. I am particularly interested in the question how different brokers compare to each other, and how Mister ED's optimized settings compare to running it without day/time restrictions and perhaps an equity TP/SL.

I ran v1.2.0 as suggested by Yen44x, $5000 account with trade risk 3%, with optimized settings by Mr Ed as posted initially in the beginning of the thread (not updated day/time settings at his journal thread), from Nov 4 until now.

The results are attached for FXPro and CollectiveFX. Of course brokers differ in server time (I understand that Mr Ed uses FXDD).

The end results after almost 3 weeks for equity: FXPro -1.5% loss, CollectiveFX -8.5% loss. I am not convinced this is a major difference during such a short time on H4, but the pattern of CollectiveFX in the lower graph certainly does not look as good as FXPro in the upper graph (attached below).

How does this compare with results by others?

Also a question to make sure I am doing the right thing. When i set day/time options given by Mr Ed in his journal, is it correct to give the bars in which to trade for example as: "04:00,20:00" if you only want to trade 2 bars on that day? Can the variable TradeDay be left at "All" if you trade every day but not at all hours for every day?

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Hi

I'd like to start testing and optimizing this EA

I really need a set to start

please could you send me PM (or share here)your set file?

thanx

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
I have made a few tests with the EA version 1.6.2 (the current version i assume)

EU, H4:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GJ, H4:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GU, H4:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UJ, H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have used default settings and tested from January '09 until now. The curves suggest that
either the EA does not implement the system correctly or the EA is correct but the system does not work as advertised or the system as described here (and implemented in the EA) is not the same one that Mr. Ed is trading in reality

One (or more) of the above 3 assumptions must be true.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
hi all,

we need to pay attention of post #1228 which define strict definitions; hope that could be included in this EA by LongBar when he have time.

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
Hmmm, very interesting findings. Which broker are you using for your tests?

Let's see what Mr. Ed's response is to this set of assumptions.

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
I am using Alpari, but i dont think HA candles on Alpari look very different than on other brokers, especially on such big timeframes. I just assume that when Mr Ed trades his system he uses some additional discretionary rules that cannot easily be automated and most likely he isn't even aware of this. When he first invented his system he didn't have an EA to backtest it and only visually backtesting is always prone to such errors, and it is the #1 reason why every such system will immediately fail if properly tested by strictly and mechanically following it's rules and nothing else.

I would be extremely surprised if there would exist such a simple system without any discretionary element in it that would be constantly profitable without permanently changing the parameters. I haven't seen a single one yet. Such a system, if it really existed, would truly deserve to be called "The Holy Grail".

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Hi bubo,

Good to see efforts on the testing! Please always check that the modelling quality is 90% otherwise the results are not reliable.

Yes, when you set TradeDay to All the EA will consider every single day in scope for trading. However the bars to check for trigger within each day is controlled by the list specific to each day.

Any chance someone doing backtest with & w/o Mr Ed's optimizations on FXDD?

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Hmm, with 3 kids and dayjob finding time is challenging to say the least

As far as I can see each of the above would be a filter. Would you expand on these to get a clear idea on each?

I enjoy putting together solutions and am glad you find useful my code

Though remember this would be useless without the ones inventing The Strategy - so thanks to Mr Ed!

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Hi swissforex,

Just wondering what broker and optimization settings you have in mind for back testing. Any chance using FXDD and Mr Ed's bars?

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Hi 7bit,

Welcome to the thread! Good questions you have - I'd love to get answers as well believe me

I think the closest thing would be to perform backtests on the same broker Mr Ed uses, ie FXDD and with his optimizations (days & bars per pair). I would suggest to run every tick (not only on control points) and ensure modelling quality of 90% to have some level of confidence in the results.

LB

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
7bit,

In general I agree with you, however I would mention two points below.

Considering the 4H time frame the broker selection (broker server time) could have a good impact to the bars & triggers. When I compared IBFX and Alpari UK charts for another strategy the diffs were significant and made an impact to the results.

I see that the system is fixed in terms of entry/exit calculations, however it is flexible in terms of trade day/hour selection. This is the variable part which tries to follow latest market patterns. When I was doing some limited backtesting the generated stat files made good suggestions as to which bars should be traded - this is what Mr Ed uses for optimisations.

With a consistent backtesting along the appropriate optimizations we could see how close this system is to the Holy Grail. If it was profitable over a few years that would be a good start

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
I am down 465 pips this month. I was close to breaking even yesterday but all that has gone bad. The open trades I have are currently down 125 pips as we speak.

A far cry from the 4000 pips Mr Ed made last November.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Hi Wrenski

This month I would agree is terrible. It is without doubt the worst month that I have had with this system. Overall the system has definitely underperformed this year, probably by 50% of last years total.

Still it does make some profits (agreed not this month) and it is still a low input system that allows the trader to be more mechanical.

I feel that it is possible to improve things a lot when other discretionary decisions are made using SL, trends, MACD etc, but I have not included these for the sake of clarity.

For those that are looking for the "Holy Grail" this is not and never will be so a system. Get real, if someone like me came up with a miracle system doing this part time as a hobby then there are a lot of professionals who are not doing their jobs very well. I look on this as being a low input system that can trundle along in the background and generate some income, not as a get rich quick scheme.

I hope not too many people are disheartened by the recent under performance but it happens from time to time, that's trading.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Not to panic though, this has been a bad month, but it's still a great system.

Remember, trading is a patience game and a long term one

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
It just proves that the martket is fluid and has no master.

McKevvy

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
I lost 500 pips int he beginning.  However, I recovered the lost and still up almost 1600 pips so far.  I modified the system a little bit.  I selected to use 1 Hour chart.  I almost changed the ATR_TP to 2 and ATR_SL to 1.25.  It has been working fine for me so far.

Test it out and let me know your results.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Are you using the EA for your trades or are you trading manually? You also say you "Almost" changed the ATR, did you mean you "Also" changed the ATR?

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
With all due respect, what do you mean by "so far"?

Mr Ed has tested this method for +1 year, which I think is the minimum time frame to say a method "has been working"

Could you at least provide some backtesting?

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Yes, you're correct.  I meant to type Also, not Almost.  I'm running the EA 24 hours a day with no special optimization.  I did not perform any best testing.  I'm running it on my live account.  i guess you can say I'm a risk taker.  I attempted but haven't achieved 99% modelling quality.  I type so far meant I still have open trades this morning.  I am up 2000 pips rigth now according to closed trades.  Will see what happens next month.  Perhaps you're right I can't say the system is working due to the short time-frame.  However, I feel like it's working for me according to my broker and time frame.  I just IBFX.

I'm just sharing my results so far.  Don't take my words, conduct your own testing and you'll know.  By the way, I dropped the EUR/GBP due to many losts.

Have a Happy Thanksgiving and happy trading.

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Exactly, a lot of folks think they can do nothing but follow some rules and make big bucks. Not going to work this way. Big bucks means a lot of discretionary work is necessary to get to that level.

Something for nothing is not going to work.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Yes, but the premise behind this system is totally mechanical....which means no discretionary input.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
That's right. But markets change all the time. You cannot tune system to work in all market conditions if you only do everything mechanically and not discretionary.

I also have a system, but I use discretion as to when to trade and when not to trade., My system is discretionary. Not mechanical.

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Cool!

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
I simply also use Heiken Ashi, this is why I am following this thread. But what is curious, Heikin Ashi is a lagging indicator and it is mostly good for lower time framnes up to 1 hour. It looks like it is used here for higher time frames.

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Yep...the H4.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
I believe H4 is not a good idea for Heikin Ashi. Too late. But in lower time frames especially 15 minutes it works beautifully. It actually shows how price direction is forming so that it is easier to make right entry in comparison to trading just candlesticks.

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Thank you for your opinion, we appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
I think everybody should test according to their own time zone and broker.  You'll see different results.  I had poor results with H4 but much better results with H1.  I'm trading everyday and and every hour with the EA.  I'm testing with a $300 live account.  I doubled my account with this system.  I really appreciate Mister Ed and Longbars efforts and sharing of this wonderful system.

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Hi Xiaojan

I agree strognly that these results do vary from broker to broker and time zone to time zone. This is probably due to the relationship of the candle close time to news releases etc. Different broker server times can give dramatically different candles lengths and open/close levels. It is important to always compare like with like.

It is interesting to see Shiko's results with a shorter timeframe. I have the feeling that sometimes I am getting in too late on a move, but sometimes it helps you avoid a false move. My trading can only really be done on 4 hour candles and so this is why I have based everything on  these.

I am posting my trades every few days on my journal so that people can see what I am looking at. This week started badly but has been finishing well. I am now 30 pips short of breaking even this month, and at one stage was down over 1000 pips!!!

If people want to discuss the merits of the system I will give my input here, but this thread was really just to develop an EA. I am more than happy to continue the discussions in my journal thread so that this thread stays with the EA idea.

This month has not been a good one for the system but I suggested that early on. I would hope that things become less noisy in the market and some direction appears as in the last few days. But with things happening in Dubai who knows.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Ah, I see. You will hear no of my opinion Wrensky. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
OK.....and good luck to you too.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Hi Mr Ed,

Thanks for the system & for supporting this thread, looks really interesting. Also thanks to Longbar for all his work on the EA. As of yet I'm still showing negative on my back testing... hehe... but i'm sure there is potential here.

Cheers,

Barry

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Hmmm, your back testing is the very opposite of Mr. Ed's, his was all positive. Maybe you have something wrong on your EA.

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Hi Shiko,

I'm interested in your opinion, so keep it coming.

Thanks very much.

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Hi Longbar,

Can you add ADX function into the EA?  I want to only enter a trade if there's a trend present.  We can use ADX > 20 to represent that.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Hi Shiko

I would be interested to see what you have come up with. The system can always be modified by the individual to improve things.

Some degree of discretion will help. Using ADX may help to give an objective way to take trades, I haven't used it a lot myself.

However I would not have taken any of the signals today because of the large moves on Friday and the current uncertanties, and also because it is the last day of the month and the market can behave strangely at these times.

But I feel that everyone should be able to give some form of input as long as it is based on research.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Xiaojian - are you still trading the H1 time frame with some success this month?

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
It's true there's uncertainty in the market.  I made 2000 pips last night before 12am.  however, I lost most of it back already.  Waiting for a new trend to form.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Are you still using the H1 time frame or are you back to the H4?

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
I'm still using the 1H candles.  Therefore, I don't need optimizations for time.  I found the systems makes big money while in trends and loose big in non-trend.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
I think that is true with every system I've seen.

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
I think I'm a risk taker.  That's why I'm testing with a live system.  I agreed that Heikin Ashi seems to work better with smaller time frames.  I'll test the 15-minutes and let you guys know how it goes.

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
It had been a wild ride for me.  I went on a +2000 pips and -2000 pips ride since Sunday 6pm.  Now, I'm back to flat from last Friday's close.  I'm testing the 30 minutes bar right now.  Let's see how that goes.

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Hi guys,

Ok, well I took Longbar's advise & backtested six pairs in Mr.Ed's broker, FXDD, using his optimizations, days & specific bars. If you want to see the times currently recommended for trading they are on the other thread.

So, firstly I opened a demo account with FXDD & downloaded the historical data & ran Mr.Ed's settings & optimizations for six pairs for 2009. This also includes his choice of whether to come out at TP1 or use a two-part trade. This information can also be found on the other thread. These were the results from Jan 1, 2009 to present:

EURGBP   10,000 to 11,050.97= 10.5% increase

GBPJPY   10,000 to 10,895.64= 8.9% increase* (this test cut short)

GBPUSD   10,000 to 9,720.53= 2.8% decrease

NZDUSD   10,000 to 7,243.89= 27.56% decrease

USDCAD   10,000 to 10,482.68= 4.8% increase

USDJPY   10,000 to 14,916.99= 49% increase

Now, I just realised after reading another forum that the historical data that is downloaded in MT4 actually ISN'T from that specific broker, but actually from Metaquotes. So, in order to make this test more accurate I opened a new FXDD account, located specific FXDD data, downloaded & imported into the account. I ran the tests again.

EURGBP   10,000 to 13,455.92= 34.6% increase

GBPJPY   10,000 to 9,976.32= 0.25% decrease

GBPUSD   10,000 to 9,346.70= 6.5% decrease

NZDUSD   10,000 to 9,264.10= 7.4% decrease

USDCAD   10,000 to 11,373.24=13.73% increase

USDJPY   10,000 to 19,526.53= 95.26% increase

Now, the results didn't look overly convincing so I'm not sure yet. USDJPY looked pretty good so I then tested over 3 years but ended short as it appeared only to be loosing on previous years.

I've attached the file results below. Firstly those in FXDD using Metaquotes data. Secondly, FXDD using FXDD imported data. Also I've made a compilation of Mr.Eds system with trading times & info on use of EA if it is helpful.

Now before anyone starts harping on about modeling quality, yes, only a few got 90% & the rest bad modeling. Unfortunately the data is what it is. It is as I've already said Metaquotes data & FXDD imported data. If you have a problem with the modelling quality complain to them, not me. Besides, in a scalping system with very small take profits, the modeling quality would have a big effect. On a 4hr system with a fairly large take profit & stop loss, I don't think the modeling quality would hugely affect the results.

Anyway, you can check the settings I've used for yourselves & please tell me where I've gone wrong in the settings, if that is the case.

Adios,

Barry

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Very interesting findings, Barry. Thanks for all your hard work.

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
I optimized the ea setting for every curency for year 2009. I used alpari uk platform and Metaquotes data. i didnt use mr ED's optimization.

Defoult settings were:

2 part trade

1000€

0.1 fixed lot

Ravi filter on

RaviFX shift=1

after 2009 optimization i tested every set file if it can survive 2007 and 2008

now i have set files for every pair that can survive (or be profitable) in 2008 and are very profitable in 2009 (from 300 to 800 %)

I am testing everything on alpari uk demo for a month now and it looks very promissing.For now i am 80% in profit with another 10% open positive trades.

One thing i noticed demotesting. Second part of the trade often closes in smaller profit then the first part.

Longbar could you code a little improvement for the EA so that when it closes the firs part it uses some kind of trailing profit for the second part (so if the trend reverses it closes the second part with the same or biger profit then the first part)

Boki

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Cheers! Thanks also again to everyone's involvement in this thread.

Boki, are you saying you used default settings but the only ones you changed are the ones mentioned in your above post? Is it possiblke to upload just one of your strategy tester reports.

Thanks mate,

Barry

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Hi Longbar,

Thanks again for your work on this EA. Could you check something? I've been doing some more testing on the most recent 1.6.2 checking the various parameters. I think the ATRMinimumTriggerPips parameter could be useful for avoiding flat periods, but from my tests in strategy tester it doesn't appear to be working. I was testing on EURGBP with 12, then 15 (the ATR on this currency is very low) & noticed the trades were exactly the same. So I changed the setting to 50 so it should not take any trades but it started to take the same trades as before.

So unless I am doing something wrong this parameter doesn't seem to be functioning. Maybe if you have time you could look at this...

Cheers,

Barry

P.S. Whereabouts in Ireland are you from?

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Sorry, made a mistake in my last post. When I was looking at my chart, not the strategy tester, I had the wrong time frame open, hence the low ATR values. I'll check again

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
How are the M30 bars working out?

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
I had the EA vr. 1.6.2 optomised for the currency pairs for trading on FXdd where my account is. Then I had an email from them informing me of the leverage reduction so I opened an account with Alpari (UK) who offer 500:1. When I back tested the EAs there I got wildly different results, so I've optomised them for Alpari. Having noticed that FXdd get their data from Metaquotes and Alpari don't I phoned the tech help this morning to find out more. The woman told me that Alpari began trading in 2006 and have their data in the historical files but that it might be patched in places with MQ data up until 2007. She was extremely vague on the phone and I'm not convinced that even she knew what she was talking about. So for Alpari I'm only backtesting and optomising to 2008. I suppose the only real way to test is to run it in real time forward.

Rgds,

McKevvy

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Hi McKevvy

There are definifintely differences between brokers and the results that you can get. Therefore I strongly agree that you get data from a broker that you are happy with and backtest but also forward test the system for a significant time before drawing any conclusions.

With this type of system there can be significant draw downs, but that is the price you pay for a technically driven system that doesn't require any interpretation.

In the longterm things balance out, but this is not a get rich quick system that makes hundreds of pips every day. However it is robust according to my results.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
I tested system on 15 mins and 30 minutes and it's not working.  It generated too much false signals.  I find the 4hr better for longer term and 1Hr for shorter term.  I discovered using a second trend indicator like CCI(20) can verified the Heikin Ashi trend.

I just started to learn the MQL4 language and realized MQL5 is coming out next year.  Therefore, I'm going straight to MQL5 from here.  I want to add CCI into the system.  I manually checked the charts and found it does reduce many false signals generated by Heikin Ashi; even on 4 hour charts.

"Market trends only 20% of the time, but it generates 80% of the profit."

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
I am testing the H1 this month with NO interference and discretion. I am currently down 387 pips. Not good so far!!

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
I would use 4 Hour or even Daily charts if you're a day-trader or short-term trader.  I rather be a long term trader.

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
Hi Guys

My feeling is that the system doesn't work on a lower time frame but it is good that you also have confirmed this

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
I agree with this sentiment.  HA type systems are notoriously jumpy at shorter timeframes.

The point of HA is to apply a type of smoothing that approaches SMA smoothing as periods increase.  Conversely, as the periods reduce, the smoothing is reduced almost exponentially.  This effect is only amplified by using shorter timeframes, which by nature are more sensitive to noisy price fluctuations.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
So I have been following this thread and was wanting to give the EA a try.

What's the difference between the ATR.mq4 and Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed.mq4 ?

These are indicators, right? Is there a good EA that takes care of this system?

Are these complete EAs with a long term approach. stop/loss, etc. ?

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Barry - When you found the USDJPY was the most profitable based on your startegy testing, which version of Longbar's EA were you using? And you optimized to Mister Ed's settings?

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
In the EA, there's a parameter for Entry.  What's Revered Retrace means?

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Hi xiaojian,

I guess you refer to EntryMethod=3, Reversed standard entry.

This will take the opposit trade of the actual trigger. When BUY is triggered according to the strategy this EntryMethod will enter a SELL. On SELL trigger the EA will BUY.

Note that this method will not act on retracement triggers.

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
thanks very much for explanation.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
I am having trouble with setting up the indicators. Do they go into the indicator file or someplace else? I cant get anything to attach to the charts. I dont see any of the vertical blue line and any boxes. Please help!

thanks

S

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Hi Styngray,

Download the Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed indicator from the very first post and copy the file into the <path to your MT install>/experts/indicators folder.

Restart your MT, after the restart you should see the indicator listed in the Navigator window (Ctrl+N) at the 'Custom Indicators' section.

Hope this would help you out,

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Hi Longbar. Was wondering if this indicator could be made into an EA triggering a buy or sell after one or two bars close after the color change (maybe user adjustable on amount of bars to close before taking a trade)? It would close order when the reverse situation occurs and open an order in the opposite direction. Also, it would be nice to incorporate some user adjustable settings such as MM, SL, TP, TS etc.? One other request: Can you make another EA using just two moving averages (10 EMA-Aqua and 20 EMA-Blue), sell triggered when 10 crosses below 20 and buy when 10 crosses above 20 (maybe triggered after 1 or 2 bars are closed after the crossover, again user adjustable on the amount of bars to close before taking the trade). If unable to create EA's above can you at least create both above with audible alerts so I do not have to eyeball my computer screen all day? Should be noted I mainly use both of the above on the 1H and 4H charts, all currency pairs. Thanks a million buddy, I appreciate any and all assistance you can provide. Take care...

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
There some issues I'd like to know using that system. Where should one place stop-loss order? And where should one exit?

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Andrew Forex. If your question is directed at me then the answer would be when the opposite situation occurs to both of your questions. If they are EA's it should be done automatically, if manually trading then again when the opposite situation occurs just close out and/or take opposite position. You can always just place your own SL, TP and TS if you wish but I really have no recommendations on that as it should be up to each individual trader based on their own style/risk tolerance. Hope this helps.... Michael

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Hi mef1,

This is a .ex4 file which is the compiled version of the .mq4 source code. The source code will be needed to make modifications to the indicator - could you attach the .mq4 file or a link to it?

Cheers

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Okay, Anyone with programming skills! I need these request(s) turned into an EA. Yes, I will pay $500.00 when it is created (and tested, and tested) by me for at least 60 days. If it works you get your money. Attached is an indicator (and no, I do not have the source code so you have to do some homework). I also (with that above/attached mentioned indicator want included the MA of 10 EMA and 20 EMA, 10 crosses below 20 is a EA sell (in conjuction with attached indicator) and 10 crossing over 20 is an EA buy (in conjuction with attached indicator). Notice I stated EA buy/sell, it should do this without me being present. Can it be done? Is there a master programmer that can do this? I would like (want) all of the above programmed into one EA that works on all currency pairs and all time frames. And, since I am willing to pay for it please (anyone successful in creating this) please send it to me via email! Only two people should have access to this, me (the payer) and you (the creator). Anyone up to the challenge? My email: mef1957@hotmail.com

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Got another $500.00 for the person that can create an EA based on the attached file alone (no MQ file so do some research/homework please) this EA will take/close trades strickly based on what the color changes (paramenters) suggest. So, I am looking for two EA's for a total of $1,000.00 if someone (expert) can create them, however I want to test them for 60 days and then you have my word if they are working as requested you "WILL" get your money! Again, this particular EA is only to be sent to me (mef1957@hotmail.com) and nobody else except the creator. AND, since I am paying it is to be shared with nobody except me and the creator - period... Thanks...

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Hi mef1,

You made a generous offer to the public, seems to me you find this indicator promising. I loaded it on to an euro and a cable chart and indeed delivered good trades for the last few days I eyeballed. Thanks for bringing up the indicator!

If you want to save some money then just open a new forum thread - and leave this one dedicated to Mr Ed's strategy. Let us know here the new thread link and I will (might be someone else as well on the forum) put together an EA to see if the indi was profitable and worthwhile to put further effort into it. I offer my spare time best effort (at no charge) like I did for Mr Ed EA. However if you need more than that then that's a different story... PM me in that case.

Cheers

Longbar

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Had a closer look at the indicator's output you attached. This reminds me pretty much to the indicator known as NonLagMA. As it has been amongst us for long enough I would not be surprised if you could find EAs' based on it ready for download.

LB

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Longbar. You are correct, this should of been a new thread. I should not of put it in the thread dedicated to Mr. Ed. Sorry, I shall create a new thread with my request. Again, thanks... Take care! Michael

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Please keep us posted with the name of the new thread.  Cheers...

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Is it possible to add 2 filters into Mister Eds EA ?

The idea of the 15 min candle being the same color as the 4Hr signal candle at the time of entry of the trade.

Also an ext int with the 15 min candle wait for confirmation.

example the 15 min candle was not the same color at the time of the 4hr signal so the EA has an adjustable candle wait for confirmation.

example wait 1, 2, 3 or 4 candles 15 min for the color to correctly match the 4hr candle to trade the signal.

Also this indicator attached, Trend Envelopes v2 as an exit option. It does very well to keep the trade continuing until the trend has completed.

All the best

Ian

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
The same idea as my previous post but instead of just the 15 min candle this

4 TF HAS Bar with all the time frames matching up for the entry.

When this indicator is placed on the 15 min chart it shows the timeframes

15, 30, 60, 240. but if you look inside the code, it has extra code not being currently used for adjusting the timeframes of the candles.

It would be better if on the 4 hour chart the indicator showed the

15, 30, 60, 240 candles, currently it shows the higher timeframes.

thankyou

Ian

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Dear all, to my limited experience these type of indis repaint, so looking back they might seem promising but in real life...

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
I think (hope) I posted my thread in the correct area and again I am sorry for putting it on Mr. Ed's thread. I am rather inexperience with this but am willing to learn. Give me time okay? Thanks and let me know if you can (or cannot) find my thread (request). Thanks again... Michael

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Hi Longbar

The 4 TF HAS Bar was having trouble refreshing therefore I located the fixed version.

N4 TF HAS Bar and N4 TF HAS Bar 2 is dragged and dropped on to the same indicator window to form the correct indicator for trading.

I think this additional entry filter making the use of multi-time frames for the EA, can help to prevent some of the losing trades due to retracement soon after entering the trade on the 4Hr candle.

A number 0, 1, 2, 3 or 4 ext int for how many of the time frames to confirm the trade signal entry will be best.

thankyou

Ian

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Hi,

I am working on a scalping strategy using the Heiken Ashi Indicator. The  rules are the following :

- check that historic volume and historic ATR are positive

- if Heiken Ashi reverse (bulish candle to bearish candle) and if we are  under the daily pivot (or 10 pip above) then we enter a short (same  thing for a long position (bearish candle to bullish candle and above  the daily pivot)

-TP and SL are give by the ATR (period = 20)

I have written the code, but I would like to improve it.

First, I do not understand why it is so slow when I try a backtest,, If  somebody has an idea or a reference, please do not hesitate

Second point, I would like to open 2 orders one "classic" with fix TP  and SL. The other one with a trailing stop, more specially with a stop  which will move to breakeven when the TP is reached and then the stop  moves as a trailing stop.

I am a newbie. And I only did the code for fix TP and SL. If somebody,  can give me a reference to build this trailing stop, it would be great.  So far I do not get it how to code this trailing stop and more important  I do not know why this code is so slow for backtesting.

Here is the code.

Any comments are welcome. Thanks by advance

PS : I use a smooth version of the Heiken Ashi developed by mister Ed

I tried to use the trailing stop developed by Long Bar, But I do not get it. If Long Bar can explain me the idea of his trailing stop, it would be great (or if someone can give me a reference it would be great)

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
I forgot the indicators....

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Hi Jeorme, I don't have the ability to write MQL but here's a site that deals with it.

http://www.mql4.com/search/how%20do%...railing%20stop

All the best,

McKevvy

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Good day to all still on this thread.

A big thank you to Mister ED for his system and to LongBar for the programming of the EA.

I’ve looked at many EA’s before and although FAB Turbo and Pips Leader made me good profits both robbed me thereof in the end.

Although Mister ED claims the system [a gem if you’d ask me]  to be mechanical it is not. Why? Had it been live trading with the EA set to his strategy would have been able to achieve the same results. My personal view is that trading per say is an art and not a science. Why do I say this. I’ve often stuck to trade rules and got burnt. On the other hand I’ve bailed out and could have made a killing. Enough said on this matter.

After slogging through this thread, I think the system to be a worthwhile venture to  pursue. To this I’d like to ask LongBar if he could kindly find time to alter the EA such that it only sounds an alarm when a trade is immanent, giving the trader the option to trade or not.

Adding to this, is it possible that the suggested trade [Entry Point, TP1, Stop Loss and final Exit, TP2], as per EA, be indicated to ease the placing of such trade to be made.

Regards

AubreyCraller

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Hi

Is anyone using the EA developed for this trading method or is anyone still doing it by hand?

I have been looking for a longer term system that I don't have to watch all the time as I do have a day job I must be at and this system looked like it may work for me.

There was alot of interest but it seems to have died out. I was going to do some testing by adding some of the other ideas suggested, such as ADX, CCI, and maybe even Trix and a couple MAs to see if any of those would increase the hit rate a little.

Has everyone blown out there accounts or are you all millionaires now?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Here is a screen shot of what I am doing to see if any of the indicators mentioned on this forum have any effect on increasing the winning percentage of this method. This is a very simple EA and does not have all the Bells and whistles of the Mr Ed EA, as I am just looking at what these other indicators can do. The TP, TPH, SL, and SLH only give a number when a trade has been taken, so that is why they are all 0.00000. The TPH and SLH are hidden so the Broker only sees the TP and the SL values, of course if you lose your network connectionthe TP and SL will save you. The trade window is only active for the last 5 minutes of the candle, this is when a trade can be taken if all are green for a long or red for a short. Yellow means conditions have not been met. The "Candle Wicks" and "Candle Body" are just ratios of wicks and bodies to try and stay away from candles like Dojis or similar. The EA can also be set to take only Long or Short trades if you want to and I can also set it to take more than one trade in the same direction if the first one is closes and the indicators are still all green or red, it will be taken durring the last 5 minutes of the next candle.

Like I said, I am just looking for something I don't have to "Baby Sit" all the time, I have been trading the 15 minute time frame but that requires constant monitoring which is hard to do with a day job.

Edit: The number at the top of the column is the candle clock, when it reaches 5 (minutes) it will be in a possible trade window if all conditions are met.

So Please, let me know if you are still using this method or is it a waste of time.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
hi

how has this system been performing lately ?

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
I have been trading this in the background all year and haven't been posting the results as I found it took too much time. The system has been doing steady work and has been giving positive results every month. I have been developing another system which I am now trading at the same time as this system. They work differently and seem to compliment each other to give a steady return.

I have limited myself to trading just GJ, GU,EJ,EU,EG,AJ,UJ. I also have optimised the trade time by looking at the results over the last several years and trying to see what times are the best to trade for each pair. Some may say that this is "cherry picking" but I say it is just looking at past performance. Obviously you still loose some trades and you will miss some good ones. However I am also helping to limit the time that my money is exposed to the vaguaries of the market.

Overall this year has not been quite as good as last year, but it still works!

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
long time,

good to know that the strategy is still up and generating green pips.

am interested in your latest optimization of the system.

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Hi Mister ED!

Thanks for your kind reply.

I wonder if you could give us a hint (or link, description...) of your other -and complementary- system.

Thanks a lot

Forex37

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
are you able to post a quick results for this year ?

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Hi all

The current system has netted 17457 pips over the year using the seven pairs that I trade and using 2 parts to each trade as described.

As far as optimisation it relies on forward testing results over the last 9 months. These vary for each pair and are relative only to the correct candle times and therefore it is not worth describing them all here. They can be calculated by looking at the results form back and forward testing. This is the only way to get a good understanding of the system.

The other system taht I use is based on moving averages but I won't be starting a thread for this as it takes up a lot of time. It probably can't be easily automated, just like this system turned out to be. I will admit that I have looked back at things and realised that despite trying to get a fully automated system there is a small degree of discretion involved.

However overall the method can work, it has ups and downs, sometimes they are scarey, but it can generate a reasonable return for the effort.

All the best

Mister ED

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Hi Mister ED ! Thanks for your great system, it really looks promising ! How is it doing now ?  Is this yout primary strategy? Thanks for your answer in advance !

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Is anyone using the EA? and if so hows it doing? I just threw 1.6.2 on a practice account to let it run for a couple months while I finish reading over the thread and figure out what all the options are.

You get a feeling systems work when they draw this much attention. Thanks Mr Ed and Longbar and all others who helped!

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Wow Mister ED

this is a great result

I'll read the thread

hope to find your updated sys inside this 80 pages-thread

I love FF but I don't like all of this reading

thx for sharing

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Just want to share..if we add the T@H (THV4 Coral indicator),it might help to filter false signal. It mean that only buy when HA above Coral & Sell if HA below Coral ..Of course it might make missing huge pips from reversal breakout at the top or bottom,but i think it's much safer.For exact Entry Point or SL is up to each one style ( going to lower TF , wait for retracement,etc).At least this pic can help us decide in which trend we are now ( Uptrend,Downtrend or ranging ).. Good Luck !!

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Ive had the EA running on 11 pairs, on 4hr TF for a little under 2 weeks now and it has not made 1 trade.  Did I do something wrong or something I need to change? I do have 'Allow live trading' checked in the EA options and have it turned on in MT4 with the little smiley faces showing on all charts. IDK, IDK

EDIT: Nevermind, I figured it out. I only had 'Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed_Alert' in the indicators folder and the EA calls 'Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed' for its trading determination.

1st trade us/cad -35 pips lol. I still need to get it setup on the right pairs and days.

Thanks again all!!

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
i don't know why this thread is so quiet.

using the original strategy posted by mister ed results in great financial gains every day.

i am screening the charts every evening and normally have a couple of pairs to trade daily.

thanks to mister ed for this money making machine!

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
I agree!  I used to trade it.  My problem was checking every 4 hours.  I need 7-8 hours sleep.  How do you get around that?

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
i just look twice a day at the misted ed charts. in the morning and the evening, so about every 12 hours. no prob with this. sometimes i get into a trade a little later, but who cares if the overall performance is just absoultely stunning...

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
So since Sept 7th when I got it working, its made 580ish pips, if anyone is interested. I did all the days just like Mr Ed suggested, but I added Usd/Chf in place of Usd/Gold (since congress fudged that all up) and so far have not filtered out any days on it.

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Dear MisterED,

First of all, thank you for this system as it is one of the best systems i have ever met in terms of success. However, may I add my thoughts of the system.

Personally I think the way you trade this is decent, but not reaching its potential. In my opinion you are cutting your winners with those ATR..

So, if you are interested, let me show you how i DO TRADE this one (and is gaining huge profit, more than one can imagine)

I use 1 hr instead of 4hr TF, BUT ACT ONLY, when 1hr heiken changes colour, but only if its the same as 4hr heiken candle ! The setup has much less succes rate if I take a signal which goes against the main trend (4hr). SL set to ATR is good, but I do not give it a TP. I take profit, when 4hr heiken changes colour.However I set the SL to breakeven when I have the feeling, but actually this is not needed. And then I start to do the other way around... Choose pairs, that are trending. And yes, it needs a lot of time, but I'm sure it's still working with 4hr-daily combination.

Thanks, and take care.

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Hi aserbx,

I used to trade Mister ED's but haven't done so for a couple years. I'm glad to hear you're having success. Do you have an MT4i or MyFxBook account we could look at for more details? Or even just a spreadsheet that shows the entries and exits?

Best regards,

JR

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Hi Seller,

I was searching through the forum for an Haiken Aishi information and found this thread, currently testing the EA of Mister Edd, so far  not bad,

I will let you know what are the outcomes and we can try to improove if need, the ea principle of works looks really simple and may need just a few filters,

I will post the results soon

Jacob

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
I am a very novice trader who is a resident of New Zealand. This means the time frames for London and NY make trading the active markets very difficult. To assist with this issue Ihave been looking for an EA, or better still, a Robot that can trade my account while I am asleep or at work. I have read the Mister Edd thread with interest, and admit that the obvious knowledge of the forex market by a number of posters is very impressive. Could somebody please advise where the Mister Edd EA is available. Is it included in the files at the front end of the thread?

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
I was trying to work with it for a while but with no great success, it needs additional work of some coder, maybe I will talk to someone interested in adding additional features to it - in the meantime I'm attaching the files you need to run the EA.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Jacob, tahnks very much for sending those files through. I will have a look and see if I can make it work. In theory it looks very good, but we all know the real deal is very much more difficult.

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
Attached File(s)   QQE new simple.ex4

4 KB
|
503 downloads
Attached File(s)   QQE new simple.mq4

2 KB
|
530 downloads

Jacob

Try QQE nnew simple indicator with the 10, 34 settings.

thank you

Barry

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
and this is how good thread die.

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Not dead yet. I still use Heiken Ashi trading on daily charts and it works well.

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
I didn't say method is dead,only thread,but you can prove me wrong and tell something about how you trade.

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Here is how I trade:

1.  On the chart I don't show any bar or candle. I only show the Heiken Ashi Smoothed_v2.

2.  When Heiken Ashi changes direction you enter into a trade (long/short) at the close of the Heiken Ashi candle. This happens when the Heiken Ashi candle splits into two pieces. The upper part of the candle gives the direction of the signal. You can easily see the splits in picture1. Picture 2 shows a short trade signal on 5 December, a long signal on 7 January, a short signal on 7 February and a long signal on 13 February.

3.  You enter the trade on the next Heiken Ashi candle but to do this you must look at the bar since the Heiken Ashi candle is sometimes quite far from the bar as shown in picture 3. The stop loss is 1.5 times the 10-day ATR (93 pips for the 15 February trade) with trailing stop of 50 pips.

4.  The 5 December trade and the 7 January trade were winners while the 7 February trade ended up in a small loss since the market changed direction too quickly. Please note that for all currency pairs with an ATR above 100 the stop loss has to be adjusted to 150 pips with a trailing stop of 100 pips.

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
Where did you find v2?

What is the difference?

I only see one in Codebase, I guess that is v1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Erebus, check here

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...588548&page=33

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
By the way if you want to quickly cycle through many pairs/time frames to find a good entry use this indicator.

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Thanks for that, still had to do some work to find it as you only gave a Page link

Here is a tip for all, to share a specific Post, click on the Post #

This gives the direct url link to copy and share, as this, try it and see

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...31#post8919931

Good luck all

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
I am interested on this system

analysis ATR % calculated how?

post a template

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Standard
1) wait for the HA signal to change colour completely from blue to red (or vice versa). The whole candle must change so that the body and the wick are the same colour.
2) Measure the ATR and the candle length (body and wick) on the signal candle.
3) If the signal candle is between 50% and 200% of the ATR value for that candle then it is a valid trade. If the signal candle is less than 50% then no trade. If the signal candle is more than 200% then use a retrace entry (see below).

Retrace
1) if the signal candle (body and wick) is larger than 200% of the ATR then draw a fib retracement on the signal candle
2) wait for a the price to retrace at least 32% and place an entry order at the high (if going long) or low (if short) of the signal candle
3) The TP1 and SL are calculated from this entry point as normal

please analysis how?
If the signal candle is between 50% and 200% of the ATR value for that candle then it is a valid trade. If the signal candle is less than 50% then no trade. If the signal candle is more than 200% then use a retrace entry (see below).


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/273000?d=1247609797
ATR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/273001?d=1247609797
Mister ED's 4 hour system.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/273004?d=1247609926
jasonphd-mister-ed.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/273083?d=1247625545
Mister ED EA_skissors.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/273478?d=1247677426
Mister ED EA_skissors.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/273518?d=1247682886
misteredha.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/274700?d=1247850580
Mister ED HA example data.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/274701?d=1247850623
ATR Pips.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/275218?d=1248031850
Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed_Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/275274?d=1248042138
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/275302
Atr&CandleLength.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/275809?d=1248119216
comment_atr_pips.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/276392?d=1248195901
Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed rev 2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/276890?d=1248269465
Heiken Ashi Mr Ed - Mark.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/276981?d=1248276751
MisterED.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/277144?d=1248311904
RichBoy1972mED.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/277662?d=1248370005
MisterED_v0.2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/277726?d=1248375540
MisterED_v0.3.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/277936?d=1248398447
ATR in SL-TP(1).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/278358?d=1248462536
ATR in SL-TP(1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/278359?d=1248462536
Heiken Ashi Mr Ed - Mark.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/278383?d=1248470400
MisterED_v0.4.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/278414?d=1248485078
MisterED_v0.5.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/278474?d=1248514823
MisterED_v0.6.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/278573?d=1248557987
MisterED_v0.7.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/278766?d=1248621859
MisterED_v0.8.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/279525?d=1248736763
20090727_experts_log.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/280086?d=1248808451
20090727_log.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/280087?d=1248808451
MisterED_v0.9.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/280148?d=1248817925
Trade time AUDUSD.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/280642?d=1248890194
30jul09 4h.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/281458?d=1248978368
30jul09 4h.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/281642?d=1249002125
MisterED_v0.10.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/282784?d=1249235258
MisterED_v0.11.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/284207?d=1249426525
MisterED_v0.11.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/285563?d=1249596088
optimization template.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/285604?d=1249601304
MisterED_v0.11.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/286252?d=1249713906
MisterED_v0.12.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/286345?d=1249730111
UST Template.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/288204?d=1250068817
THV3 FFCal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/289850?d=1250289864
THV3 FFCal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/289955?d=1250341705
MisterED_v0.13.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/290349?d=1250459993
MA14.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/290562?d=1250493884
2ProtectAccount[2].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/292293?d=1250704859
miniAccountProtect[2].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/292294?d=1250704859
MisterED_v0.14.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/292346?d=1250714570
MisterED_v0.15.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/292968?d=1250806147
MisterED_v0.15.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/298198?d=1251659426
MisterED_v0.15.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/299178?d=1251755151
MisterED_v0.16.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/301033?d=1251928832
MisterED_v0.17.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/302579?d=1252017946
5 day Course.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/302772?d=1252038303
DumpTicket.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/309029?d=1252706060
MisterED_v1.0.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/315163?d=1253056511
MisterED_v1.1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/317723?d=1253299478
SnapShotI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/323533?d=1253952182
MisterED_v1.2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/323543?d=1253954416
MisterED_v1.3.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/323678?d=1253999581
HASMrEd Longbar v1.1.0  H1 3% 2=1xATR=10+ +TSL 18pr opposite 0924_092509 MT4report.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/323684?d=1254004178
HAS MrEd Longbar v1.1.0  H1 3% 2=1xATR=10+ +TSL 18pr opposite 0924_092509 Pips by hour.PDF: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/323685?d=1254004178
HAS MrEd Longbar v1.1.0  H1 3% 2=1xATR=10+ +TSL 18pr opposite 0924_092509 Pips by pair.PDF: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/323686?d=1254004214
HAS MrEd Longbar v1.1.0  H1 3% 2=1xATR=10+ +TSL 18pr opposite 0924_092509 Profit by pair.PDF: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/323687?d=1254004214
ha mred longbar h1 3% opposite exit2 atr=10+.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/323726?d=1254019744
MisterED_v1.4.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/323909?d=1254084345
RAVI FX Fisher with Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/333984?d=1255280559
FFCalTest.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/335851?d=1255470898
THV3 FFCal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/335852?d=1255470898
New Folder.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/338660?d=1255743065
test3.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/339031?d=1255891421
MisterED_v1.5.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/339120?d=1255904305
MisterED_v1.6.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/343486?d=1256506749
MisterED_v1.6.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/343964?d=1256562444
test1.6.1.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/344351?d=1256583439
test1.6.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/344374?d=1256585105
testa.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/344752?d=1256605353
MisterED_v1.6.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/347530?d=1256764271
test.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/350903?d=1257059030
Mr Ed Account Report.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/351001?d=1257108214
!xMeter.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/351662?d=1257164611
!xMeter.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/351663?d=1257164625
iantest.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/353241?d=1257256703
mister ed 4hr gbpusd.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/353290?d=1257258798
2009 FXDD but Metaquotes data.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/371592?d=1259755573
2009 FXDD with FXDD data.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/371594?d=1259755573
Mister ED's 4 hour system.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/371595?d=1259755602
Trend Tool.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/385645?d=1262378218
Trend Tool.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/387302?d=1262748535
Trend Tool.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/387316?d=1262752993
TrendEnvelopes_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/387721?d=1262796976
4 TF HAS Bar.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/387756?d=1262803048
N4 TF HAS Bar.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/389621?d=1263139719
N4 TF HAS Bar2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/389622?d=1263139719
HAtrend.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/442893?d=1268975734
DailyPivot.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/443038?d=1268993088
Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/956195?d=1336296818
Mister ED's 4 hour system.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/956196?d=1336296834
RAVI FX Fisher with Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/956197?d=1336296845
HAS MrEd Longbar v1.1.0  H1 3% 2=1xATR=10+ +TSL 18pr opposite 0924_092509 Pips by pair.PDF: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/956199?d=1336296868
MisterED_v1.6.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/956200?d=1336296885
QQE new simple.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1364391?d=1391723592
QQE new simple.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1364392?d=1391723595
Symbol changer 1.1 separate.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3222531?d=1550430770
