===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Mr Blobby V2 Super Simple 1m strategy – by Roofx

I’m not an expert in trading and I have only been trading for just over a year. However, in this year I have devoted around 12 hours per day, every week day and most Sunday nights to trading. I was a member of a paid teaching service for the first 6 months and have traded a live account on and off over the year. In the first 6 months I put 16 hours a day into trading and studying and researching and have tried many many strategies as well as created many of my own.

I’m here to share my current strategy in the hope that we can discuss its strengths and weaknesses and that some of you may be able to suggest a way to filter out or minimise some of the losing trades. The strategy is the simplest one I have used to date and relies on just one indicator, nothing else. I am using it on cable (GBPUSD) and have not tried it on any other pair. It is as robotic as they come and I imagine it would be very easy to write an EA for this. If anyone is able to do this it would be hugely appreciated. The trading window on this makes for a very long day but if I knew how to add a sound alert to the indicator it would mean I could get on with other things between signals. If anyone knows how to do this, or where to insert the sound alert line in the indicator code it would turn this into a much easier strategy to use.

I would like to thank the friend who introduced me to the BBandStop indicator although they didn’t want to be named here.

Before I explain how it works I’d like to say that on my 1m charts I can’t go back before July to back test this as the indicator is limited in how far back it can go, as are my charts when set to the 1m time scale. So all I have to offer as an idea of the possible success of the method is one month of trade data and approximately 170 trades. I will attach my trading progress spreadsheet along with the indicator and template with this post.

July made 404 pips and I will be trading it through August on small stakes. My target in this whole trading game is 20 pips per average trading day. This is enough to build a very healthy income.

Here’s how it works:

When the BB (shown as a fat red or blue blob) flips above or below and changes colour it is a new trade signal.

You must wait for the 1m candle to close to confirm the signal.

If it flips to the underside (it will change to blue in this case) it is a signal to go long. We stay in the trade until we get a short signal. This is when the blob flips to above and changes to red. Then we close and immediately enter short. We keep doing this for the duration of the trading window. Some of you may only trade a few hours each day. I am currently trading this from 7am GMT to 7.30pm GMT. A long day, I know!

STOP: We have a -45 emergency stop. This is to protect against worst case scenario events such as a big spike. This has never been hit so far in my testing.

Daily Cut-off point: To protect against days where price moves sideways all day we have a -100 pip cut off. This reduces our losses on those occasional terrible ranging days.

We do NOT trade Non Farm Payroll days and if there is a sudden spike of 100+ pips we stop for the day. This is just based on my own experience of how the market can behave after such spikes.
This system should not be judged by its first few trades, but by the pip count at the end of each trading day. By its very nature it usually takes several losses per day, but it’s the bigger moves that it soaks up pips from and makes profit. And the monthly pip count is what matters.

Example of a good day:

http://i940.photobucket.com/albums/a...eofgoodday.jpg

Example of a bad day:

http://i940.photobucket.com/albums/a...leofbadday.jpg

Note: The light grey lines show 5 pip intervals and the heavier grey lines show 25 pip intervals. This makes counting profits or losses very quick.

The Advantages:

This method catches the big moves, sometimes making well over 100 pips in a single trade.

The maximum loss in a single trade I have seen so far is -30. The maximum profit I’ve seen is +132

The system allows many trades per day so it suits those who like to be active and not sit around waiting all day for a trade.

It’s a very simple 1 indicator system and perfect for an EA.

The problems:

At least the way I am trading it at the moment makes for a very long, tiring day.

On sideways periods it takes too many losses

Some sort of filter may be needed to keep us out of some losing trades. If we could even reduce the losses by 25% this system would be improved much further.

August is known as a tough trading month most years but I intend to trade it anyway to see how it goes.

I have attached the template, some screenshots , the BBandStop Indicator and a few other indicators such as ‘sweetspots’ and ‘time to next bar’ so your charts will look like mine.

If anyone can help with the sound alert or even program an EA for this strategy it would help us test different settings and also to test its success on pairs other than cable.

Thanks,

Roofx

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Thank you for sharing the system. Very thoroughly documented. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Thanks for sharing your idea. I am always up for hearing new ideas.

Here is the problem: Just about any system or indicator can make money when the market is trending. If the market was always trending in one direction or another we would all be millionaires and it would be easy money.

However, as we all know, the market fluctuates from being directional to being choppy. The best advice I can give you for this system is to trade ONLY the most volatile hours which are Midnight-Noon E.S.T. and close up shop during the other hours.

I would be happy to help you develop other corroborating indicators/price action patterns to filter out bad signals.

I will start trading this method using nanolots (I just don't have the head to demo anything) and I will keep you posted as to what I learn. Also, I will keep you apprised of any methods I can create to filter out false signals.

I am very interested in this thread and I hope that you continue to post your trades- winners and losers- and any other info. that is useful to this method.

I have already looked at trading BB stops a while ago but I wrote off the idea because you give back too much during choppy markets. It is similar to trading PSAR. PSAR would be a million dollar system if the market was always directional but , as we all know, if you want to deplete your account, there is no better way than to trade PSAR.

Regardless, I will experiment with the BB Stops- trading eur/usd -and try to find ways to improve your method. I'll keep you posted.

By the way, I loaded the "sweet spots" on my chart and I get a gray dashed line. How do you use this line to trade?

Michael

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Hi Roofx,

Thanks for sharing your system. Always simple systems are the best because you can make a decision early. I think your system only needs a filter and that´s it.

I´m going to test it this week with E/U since Frankfurt Open till NY close (live account, I never test a system in demo account, to test seriously in live account)  ..... let´s see.......

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Here is one with and alert. I am sure there are ea's out there already that use this indy. If I find one I will post it here for you.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Thanks for your reply.  Yes the ranging days are what kills most indicators.  This is why we need some sort of filter for this.  I have looked at all sorts of filtering methods on previous strategies and usually on the 1m chart they just filter out as many winning pips as they do losing pips.  So I am open to any ideas for a means of filtering on this.

The grey dashed lines that the sweetspots indicator prints are simply there as a visual way to quickly count the profits or losses without having to look at the price.  At a quick glance I can see how many pips each trade made.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Thank you!  This is exactly what I was looking for!  You just made my days a lot easier!

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Yes some sort of filter to reduce the number of losers is all we need.  But that is no easy task!

--- 帖子 #9 ---
hi guys! very very nice and cleen strategy, i will do my best to impruve somethings, test it in ej and in eu and looking for some filter to enter only in AAA trades! have a good one all

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Hi, good strategy, the pallada strategy which has been around a couple of years is primarily based on the BBands indicator for its entries. It uses 15 minute timeframe which from my observation works well with this indicator as the timeframe helps filter some of the noise.

There are several EAs floating around for it which I think work mainly on  EURUSD.

I have attached one of the free ea's that uses the signals but I can't remember which indicators it needs.

All The pallada indicators are available free on the web

A suggestion would be to combine the BBands with the ALF which will help to provide some tighter entry and exit signals with the BBands as a filter. I think its to slow with the exits at 1 minute timeframe.

I have attached an example with the bbands and ALF and bbands looks ok as a filter

regards

Peter

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Roo, I've modified the indi to allow you to go back much further in time to backtest.

As for more bars on your chart you need to go to TOOLS/History centre/GPBUSD/1 Minute and hit download.

When its finished be sure to go to CHARTS/refresh otherwise it doesn't show the new bars. You will also have to do a refresh on e.g 5M if thats the timeframe you are interested in.

I'm currently backtesting this on 5M timeframe , different SL and TP...only done 2 months so far but looks good.

BTW your friend who introduced you to this indi..how does he use it?

--- 帖子 #12 ---
With indi this time

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Roofx, thank you for sharing!

It looks really very good on H-1 (GBPJPY). As a matter of fact, on GBPJPY H-1 it looks too good to be true... So, I have two questions:

1). Have you ever tried M-15, M-30 and H-1?

2). (And this is a really stupid question). How badly does this indicator repaint?

--- 帖子 #14 ---
-726 pips in April 2010

there are to many bad days...

--- 帖子 #15 ---
I have only used this on the 1m chart and only on cable.  The indicator doesn't repaint at all.  Once the candle has closed the BB stays where it is.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Was this tested on the 1m chart with cable and with my rules followed exactly?

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Thanks for the tweaks!  I will be able to put together a full year of back test data now (if my charts will go back far enough)

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Fok buddy...you came out of hiding

--- 帖子 #19 ---
sorry, but yes 1m cable and your rules...

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Roofx, thank you very much!

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Jacob, yes, I did!

I respect Roofx and I don't want to spoil the thread, so I'll tell it only once:

I looked at the history (GBPJPY and EURJPY, both H-1) and it looks great, today I tried it on demo and made 150 pips in two trades, GBPJPY 90 pips and EURJPY 60 pips. And I was using only this great indicator Bbands Stop and my favorite Semafor (for stops).

I wish I got Bbands Stop a year ago!

At any case, GOD BLESS FOREXFACTORY!

--- 帖子 #22 ---
hi mate!

r u using 3 zz semafor? or where do i can find yours? have a good one

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Did you enter then wait for a reverse signal on the BB Stops to exit or did you enter and set a limit to exit the trade?

Maybe someone can code an EA for this system using the 1 hr. time frame? It sounds like it could be profitable.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #24 ---
rohule and finally, I use 3 zz semafor for the exit (if somebody needs it - see the attached file).

But I don't use the default settings. My settings for the semafor are:

Period1 0.00

Period2 0.00

Period3 18.00

So, as you can see, I use only number 3.

I entered on H-1 with BBands and I used the semafor for the exit.

When I get semafor's number 3 on H-1, I start watching Heiken Ashi. When Heiken Ashi gets weaker - I exit.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
finally, I would be glad if somebody could create an EA for H-1.

I know that GBPJPY and EURJPY could be very profitable. With EA we could check all the other currencies.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Hi Fokusnik!

Could you please post your template if you don't mind?  TIA!

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Sure!

bnbb2004, and also take a look at GBPJPY chart. Isn't it a beauty?

--- 帖子 #28 ---
In the previous post I showed the simple template - just BBands and the semafor.

But you can get even better exit using also Heiken Ashi.

The template and the picture attached.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Hi Fokusnik,

great template!

But how the hell do you get the Heiken Ashi in the indicator window??

I was not able to get it...

Regards,

Oliver

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Fok...this is awesome...how do we get an alert?

thanks

jacob

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Doesn't the Semafor repaint?

Also, is there ANYONE who can code an EA for BB Stops 1 hour?

I think it would be profitable?

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Jacob, I use the original BBands, but if you want to have an alert, you can get a version with the alert here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...7&postcount=12

But please make sure that you change the settings. If you get the alert version, go back to the original indicator, get the right settings and change the settings for the alert version.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
finally, the semafor repaints, but it doesn't matter for me, because I don't use it for the enter, I use it only for the exit, and I use it for the exit together with the Heiken Ashi.

I enter with BBands, then I wait until I get "number 3" semafor for the first time. After that I don't pay any attention to the semafor, I just watch Heiken Ashi, and when Heiken Ashi gets weeker - I exit.

So, for me the semafor is just the first alert, the signal to start watching Heiken Ashi, and it doesn't matter whether the semafor repaints or not.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Hi Oliver!

I needed this kind of template, and I needed it badly, but I didn't know how to do it. So I asked guys at the the Russian Forex forum, and one of them was kind enough to provide the template:
http://www.kroufr.ru/forum/index.php...html#msg113496

--- 帖子 #35 ---
What change do you look for In Heiken Ashi- red to white and white to red?

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Fok...I did notice your template Bbands were different from this thread. If you put your version and Roofx's version on the same chart, the results are different.

-Jacob

--- 帖子 #37 ---
No, not exactly. Before Heiken Ashi changes the color it usually becomes weaker. I mean: if the new Heiken Ashi candle is smaller than the previous one and if the body of the new Heiken Ashi candle is smaller than the body of the previous candle, it usually means, that the trend is close to the end and that we'd better exit before the trend changes.

But, of course, if the new candle is different color, I also exit.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Jacob, I didn't use Roofx's template. I got my indicator here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...87&postcount=1

(it is the very first post) and I created my own template. But it is the same indicator that Roofx provided in the first post, I unzipped his attachment and didn't change the default settings. Of course, I changed colors etc.

Do you have the indicator that Roofx provided IN THE FIRST POST? What are the settings?

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Fok...i am using roofx version with default settings L=8, D=2, MR=1, S=1, L=1, nBars = 50000

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Fok...upon another look, i think they might be the same

my bad!

--- 帖子 #41 ---
That's cool!

We're on the same page, and it is important!

--- 帖子 #42 ---
When the hour bar hits the BB stop, do you wait for the candle to CLOSE before entering the trade or do you enter the trade as soon as the candle hits the BB stop?

I have been entering the trade as soon as the candle hits the BB stop, instead of waiting for the candle to close, if my gut feel tells me that the movement in the direction of the break of the stop will continue.

If price breaks the stop and it starts stalling, especially if it is near a s/r level. I won't take the trade.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
When the hour bar hits the BB Stop, I check Heiken Ashi, and if the Heiken Ashi shows the same direction - I enter immediately. Otherwise I wait until the candle closes and after that I enter.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Hi Fokusnik,

what do you use as SL?

Regards,

Oliver

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Oliver, my current SL for GBPJPY 50 pips. But I'll probably change it, I think 35-40 pips would be enough.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
iam new. how do i install these indicators on my ig index (u.k.) broker platform and get them to work ?

--- 帖子 #47 ---
also, where does the 1 min candle stick come into play ?

--- 帖子 #48 ---
anyone trading with this system yet? if so, care to share out some trades with screenshots?

thanks!

--- 帖子 #49 ---
please find enclosed EA. This EA is only for demo accounts and backtesting, and MUST NOT be used for live trading because:

1/ EA does not check and process errors when orders placing;

2/ has not been tested except a few backtests.

Open/close position signal are calculated only on opening of a new bar. Therfore there is a parameter "rescue_stop" (in pips) to protect capital in case of huge spikes that will not be visible for EA until bar has been accomplished.

There is a RSI filter active when set to "true". In this case if daily RSI(14) is >= 50 only long trades will be taken. Short trades will be done only when indicator value will be <50 pts.

If " makelog" is set to "true" EA will sent its comments to journal window.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #50 ---
made a gbp short trade today and got +10. entry at vertical red line. stop loss is also +10. was just testing this with nano lots.

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1281510375

--- 帖子 #51 ---
anyone using this system besides me?

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Does anyone have the BBands_Stop with email alert feature or could someone add the feature?

Thank You

FW

--- 帖子 #53 ---
I don't have an email alert for it but someone kindly posted one with a sound alert on the first page.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hi guys, here's an update on my findings with this strategy so far:

I have been trying to devise a filter to keep us out of the tight ranging periods that are eating up the profits gained by the nice trends but so far have come up with nothing that effectively does this without cutting out some winners too.

When flicking to a 5m chart with the same settings this might be more profitable. the signals come much less often but it takes out a huge amount of losing trades.

For example today on cable 5m we had one entry which is currently up 85 pips. the entry is at the close of the candle where the red BBand is shown. Ignore the other indicators other than the red and green BBand blobs as those are for another scalping strategy.

http://i940.photobucket.com/albums/a...otos/today.gif

Just glancing at the 5m chart things look alot better. The trouble is the entries don't always come during normal trading hours so an EA would be most beneficial.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Locate your MT4 installation folder, open the folder "experts" and there's another folder in there called "indicators. Drag the indicators in there and restart MT4. Then you can load up the template and it should look like the one in the first post.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
When the BB flips to the other side we wait for the 1m candle to close to confirm it is a trade entry and then we enter.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Have you tried on a 15M chart? I also think RSI 50 line is a good filter.

great system...thanks

jacob

--- 帖子 #58 ---
would bbband squeeze help with ranging periods

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Best indicator to test to filter out ranging periods would be ADX I'd think.  Try only using it when the power is rising over 30.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
I haven't tested this but I would suggest one very simple filter to increase probability.  Only buy when the daily bar is above it's open and only sell when it is below.  That's it.  Sounds too simple but usually the simpler ideas are the best.  Daily should start at 6:00GMT which is the start of London.  You can eliminate this time variable from your broker by looking at hourly and determining exactly which bar is the start of London market.  That will give you daily opening price based on 6:00GMT.

This method works with a lot of other systems and has been proven to increase probability.  I typically only trade s/r and I find that my success ratio is higher by using this filter.  It's only anecdotal evidence and I encourage people verify it for themselves.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Excellent point pip daddy..i use this as filter for other trading methods as well.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
what has been your results so far ?

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Hey Roofx,

Thank you for your work at first!

I tried to use the Indicator from post #1 but i got problems with google chrome and Dreamweaver... maybe someone could copy the source text of the indicator in here that i'm able to ''create'' a new indicator into my mt4?

Can't download the file....

I'd be glad about !

Thank you Host for your ideas and thanks for the templates :-)

PhAnTi'

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Fok,

Is this stop for the H1?

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Thank you, Voytek. I will have this on for Monday.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
just out of curiosity, why is it called mr blobby?

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Yes, it's for the H-1.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Because the signal is a fat red or blue blob!

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Exactly!  And those of you in the UK may remember a very annoying BBC character called 'Mr Blobby'.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Guys, when you trade using my template on the H-1, please remember: not all signals are created equal!

Let's say you see the red blob on the H-1. Before you do anything else, go to the H-4 and take a look at the BBands. If at this moment it is red and it doesn't look like it's going to change, then the H-1 signal is good. But if H-4 is blue, you'd better be very careful: at this case the H-1 trend probably will end soon. At this case you'd better wait: if the H-4 changes to red and the H-1 is still red, then you go ahead, otherwise you'd better wait for another H-1 signal.

One more thing. I said before that the H-1 Bbands's very good for GBPJPY, now I would say: it's very good for GBPJPY and GBPUSD.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
and I thought the guy who invented this system was named blobby.

Fok...are you having good luck with this system?

thanks,

jacob

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Jacob, I'm very pleased with the GBPJPY's results during the last two weeks - it is so good that I even stopped counting pips (the total amount), because I don't want to become too excited.

On Monday I started testing GBPUSD, and it is as good as GBPJPY.

So I think I'll trade demo for two more weeks and then start trading my real account.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
On the other hand you can go against the H-4 and make 30-40-50 fast pips. If you see the H-1 blob and Heiken Ashi is growing, you can go ahead at this moment even against the H-4 and take your profit at the end of the hour or wait even longer, just watch Heiken Ashi all the time and when it becomes weaker - exit.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
have you guys deviated from the original M1 and go to H1 or H4 now?

i am still testing this on the GBP M1 and there are many false signals.

Still trying to figure out how to filter the signals.

Any other suggestions here?

--- 帖子 #75 ---
K...I think 1 hour is best. I do not like to trade against the trend. I am not experienced enough like Fok.

I suggest trade the one hour when the one hour deviates from the four hour then just wait...when it re-joins the four hour are the best trades...IMHO.

hope this helps

-Jacob

--- 帖子 #76 ---
When did London start opening at 0600 GMT?

--- 帖子 #77 ---
For me it is 3:00 AM EST.

So as far as I understand it is 9:00 AM GMT

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Yeah, loads of false signals on M1.

H1 or H4 may or may not produce better results.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
H1 and H4 do...but as with any trading system, be careful around news.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
H-1 produces much better results.

I've never tried H-4 yet. But as far as I understand with any trading system the bigger timeframe gives less false signals.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
It works very well on GU  H4.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
i dont see how this is working well for gbp H4?

i mean there were only 2-3 signals for the last few months. unless you are trading very big timeframe, if not, how could you wait for the entries since they only come up once or twice every few months???

anyway, i am testing this with M5 as a bigger trend and M1 as entries. so far am doing 1:1 ratio as 15pips SL and TP for the pound.

been doing this for a week. stillt rying to gather more information here.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
also, if you are looking at the H1 chart, there was an entry at aug 20 for the pound at 5560 sell signal and few hours earlier price retraced back and i think it woulda been a break even for the ones who trade them?

--- 帖子 #84 ---
keikor, I'm afraid you use the wrong settings.

sanyhuis and I use the default settings for the BBands_Stop_8:

Length - 8

Deviation - 2

You use another indicator, BBands_Stop_v1_with_alert_v2, the default settings for this indicator:

Lenght - 75

Deviation - 1

So, if you want to see what we see, you have to change the settings to:

Length - 8

Deviation - 2

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Fok, you are still using 35 pip stop on 1H ?

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Hi guys,

First of all thanks to those who have been testing this strategy over the last couple of weeks. I have been looking at it on a M5 chart rather than M1 as the M1 (as others here agree) has too many false signals. I'm also looking at having a fixed stop and TP.

For me the H1 charts and higher are not tradable with this strategy because there's not enough entries and I don't have the patience. Also the entries can come at any time of the day or night and I'm not at my screens 24/7 (just about 18/7 haha).

When the M5 signal comes and it agrees with the M15 Blob it might make for a higher probability trade.

--- 帖子 #87 ---
No, after all I decided to use SL 50, as I did before, with other systems. But it is not because 35-40 pips is not enough, I just feel myself very comfortable with SL 50, I got used to it.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Yes, I agree: it is the same relationship as H1-H4.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Yes, it's a good point!

However I know that some indicators not only show the arrow and give a sound signal, but can also send an email. I think with the email notification even a very busy man could successfully trade H-1 and especially H-4.

I'm not a programmer, but maybe somebody could add an email notification to the indicator.

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Hi Fok,

Thanks for clarifying this. Yes i am using the length = 75 settings with the alert and am using them for M5 and M1.

So let me make this clear, you guys are using settings length =8 and dev =2 for the H1 chart?

And why is that so? Is it because those are the default settings for the BBands?

Also, i thought the orignal poster of this method uses the length = 8 BBands settings?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Yes, I use these settings for the H-1 because they are the default settings for the BBands. From the very beginning I use the original indicator, I never used the new one (with the alert). And as far as I understand sanyhuis uses my template, which contains the original indicator with the default settings.

I'm not sure, but I was under the imression that Roofx also uses the old settings (8, 2).

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Can roofx clarify on this? Meaning i have been using the wrong settings the whole time.

Anyway, i loaded the blobby template and i think the settings show 75 instead of 8.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Probably I was wrong about Roofx's settings. I never downloaded his template, just the original indicator itself, and the default settings are very good on the M-15 and especially on the H-1 and H-4.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
I use 75 for the lower time frames.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Guys, great news!

Roofx created a new thread "Mr. Blobby V3 (60m mechanical trading)"
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=260406

Read and learn! And enjoy!

Thank you, Roofx!

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Anyone out here still use method of trading? If so, could someone possibly tweek this alert to add a send email/text message to it? I'm not a programmer, or else I would just do it myself.

Thanks in advance if anyone can help.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Guess I'll take it that no one can help.  One last attempt I guess and then I'll let it drop.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Hi Nate,  Sorry I'm not a programmer so I can't help.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
What does a sweet spot indicator do?

--- 帖子 #100 ---
is this method still making pips ? can someone do an u

pdate on the rules ??

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Hi,

I am the thread starter and I'm not trading this method anymore as I don't believe it to be able to survive ranging days.  Don't waste your time on it unless you can come up with a good way to filter out the false signals.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Hi Roofx,

It's a pity though. I started trying out this week and I've been pretty consistent in my winning. I don't aim for 100 pips. I'm just happy that I can earn 15-20 pips. With the small TP, I find Blobby pretty good even in ranging markets.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Hi Lundu,

Could you tell us how you trade your own version of Blobby?  It was my method for some time until I got fed up getting battered by the ranging times and I wasn't able to filter out enough false signals to survive those times and remain profitable.  I'm back to just trading horizontal levels and it's ok but I'd still like to work out a more mechanical method.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Hi Roofx,

I'm actually using your method with 5 min TF. I use swing high/low during ranging markets on top of Blobbly, together with Fibonacci for both ranging and trending markets. Since I just started this, I am still figuring out on my SL. My rough idea is that if the price goes against my trade to 38.2 Fib level, I close my trade. Another idea is to refer to Heiken Ashi. What do you think?

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Mr Peter can you plz send me this indicator that is in this picture called dss bressert , Thanks

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Hi Roofx, have you considered combining the bbands with parabolic. Both confirmation of these 2 indicators may filter out most bad signals for trades.. Maybe?

--- 帖子 #107 ---
I recommend if someone want to share trading system (either it work or not) please upload everything (images, templates, etc) into ff because as long as ff stay everything will be intact so the future generation can learn or improve it. If you put the images on hosting site they can change their policy and delete yours.

So here are the images from first page


===== 附件下载链接 =====

mr blobby v2.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/518653?d=1280849786
Indicators.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/518655?d=1280849824
Mr Blobby v2 Progess sheet.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/518657?d=1280849887
BBands_Stop_v1_with_alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/518827?d=1280871805
Pallada EA v6.0-DC EA~.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/518867?d=1280879271
BBands_Stop_v1_with_alert_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/519241?d=1280925360
BBands_Stop_v1_with_alert_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/519242?d=1280925360
3_Level_ZZ_Semafor_Alert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/519710?d=1280975971
BBANDS.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/521441?d=1281289903
BBANDS-HA.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/521444?d=1281291361
BBStop-EA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/522633?d=1281438463
BBands_Stop_v1_with_alert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/568890?d=1288199730
