===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
I have been getting a lot of PM's lately on how I trade the GBPJPY, so I thought I would open this journal up and deal with questions and tell you what I do, as well as list my trades or assess the market situation.

The first thing you should know is that I aim for 20 pips per day.  Why?  Simply because it isn't how many pips you make but what the pips are worth that counts.

I started with a $2000 mini account and now trade and make a 6 figure income.  I experiment with trying to find a mechanical system, but in the end it comes down to having to trade and watch the price move.  So, I limit myself to trade only GBPJPY purely on technical analysis.  I watch for big news events but I find that the technicals already tell you what the news will do, so the only news events that really hurt me are the surprise events...like bombings.

So for what it is worth here is how I trade and what I am doing day-to-day.  Hopefully it will give you some insight to develop your own system of trading.

By the way, I do make mistakes.  I do lose trades.  So if you follow my trades, or assessment you do so knowing I can be completely wrong.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
For those new to Forex, I want to talk about the most important thing first.  The money in your account.  I started with $2000, I recommend to anyone they have $5000 in their account.

Why?

You will simply make better decisions not having to worry about your account balance.  You can start with $500, but you will be tense, nervous and make lots of mistakes because of it...you are always looking at the effect of the trade on your balance and it is hard to trade this way.

The second thing is stops.  Stops are how you lose money.  I use stops as an emergency stop measure, in case something unexpected happens.  Trading is dynamic, things change in an hour, in a day, in a minute.  This is the downfall to many mechanical systems because they are based on setting stop losses and target profits from the start and don't change with the market.  My stops are variable, sometimes they are 20 and sometimes they are 100...it depends on the market.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
I aim for 20 pips per day.  That's about 400 pips a month.

I take profit at 7, 14 and 20 pips on my early trades in the day.  In other words, I wait until I am up 20 pips and set my stop loss so I make 7 pips, then if I am up 30 pips my stop loss is 14 pips and then I decide to either grab my 20 pips or ride the market some more.  When it is up 35 pips my stop is set so I take my 20 pips.  I am going to trade 4-5 times a day so there is no need to try and capture all 20 pips in one shot, so I chase opportunity.

After that I trade for what I call my pip bank.  The 20 pips a day is my core income.  If I make 50 pips in a day, 30 pips go into my pip bank.  This way, if I have a bad day, can't trade or decide not to trade I take it out of my pip bank.

My pip bank also lends me pips if I go negative.  I have to pay my pip bank back on any pips I borrow.

That has worked for me very well, so thought I would share it.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Like everyone here, I have and still do explore every system I can find....heck if there is an easier and better way to make pips, I'm game.  Until then....

This is for GBPJPY only.  I have never tried this on another pair.  Although it should work on any pair, I like the GJ pair the best for personal reasons.

I set up 15M,30M,1H,4H,Daily,Weekly charts.  I put Stochs 5,3,3 on each chart.

Note: DO NOT use the MTF stochs indicator on one chart as you cannot follow what the stochs are doing in detail.  There's more, but stochs are the most important.

1st rule:  Forget the crossover as an indicator of stochs.    You can use it to support your decision but it is not your trigger.

2nd rule:  Do not guess what the stoch will do.  I got really good at stochs and began to think I could guess when price and stoch would make a move....gawd did I get burned.  Wait for it.

Reading the stochs takes practice.  If you think you can read this and go trade it, forget it.  Just sit there and watch the stochs all day and what happens with price.  This by far will eventually become your #1 indicator...your brain, so you have to practice to be good at reading stochs.  I watch stochs and price 2 hours everyday and don't trade.  It's like practicing a sport....going to the driving range to hit golf balls, and so on.  If I don't practice, I get rusty and make mistakes.

You always WANT to trade with the daily trend...but CAN trade against it.  In otherwords, if you want to be conservative, just trade the trend.  If you want to play, trade against it.  Trading against the trend is for small pips only...forget about chasing the 100 pip gain....it's a tempting carrot to chase the reverse breakout....don't do it.

Everyone will tell you that the long term is your trend.  However, the long term is built by the short term.  It's like building a house; the 15M are your nails, the 30M your wood, the 1H your walls, the 4H your finish and the daily your view of what you built.  You need all the pieces to build it.

However the Daily never varies too much...a house is a house, it just appears different...more walls, different finish, etc.

So you know that when you look at the daily it is generally always going to come out the same.  As in Forex, when you look at the daily chart the set trend is generally where the price is going.

Stochs are tricky beasts above 80 and below 20.  Let's go with a long that just went above 80 on the stochs.  What happens if the price just keeps going up.  The one thing you will notice is that the stoch will not plaster itself up against 100 and go flat along as price goes up.  What happens is that as price moves up the stochs don't gain much, they resist going to 100.  On the other hand a down move will significantly impact the stoch move down.  This is why you see stochs (most of the time) blip above 80 and then turn back down (in a long trend).  Do the math if you like, but just know this.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Sorry for being long winded, but I can't tell you what I do without some explanation.

Daily Stochs.  What is our trend?  If the daily is above 80 and turning over...realize that turn is going to be really s-l-o-w.  This is about the only time I use the cross over is with the daily to enter a knew trend.  The daily doesn't whipsaw a whole lot.

Weekly Stochs.  It's nice if they are moving in the same trend as the daily, but don't expect it.  It's a bonus if it is.  If daily and weekly are trending down and both at 70, I'll tend to chase after long pip moves until the daily gets to 30.  This is like an escalator to the pot of pips.  You'll need big stops (200+) to play this game though.

Ok so we know our trend, now what.

(This is an example of Long trending,reverse for short trends or going against the trend)

15 and 30M Stochs should both be down...below 20 is best.  The 30 should be at least near 20.  DO NOT EVER enter a trade long until the 30 minute is moving up....and watch out for fakes.  Wait, wait, wait until the 30M is well established with both stoch lines in parallel going up.  Preferably both stochs are above 20.  The biggest pip gains are going to come when both stochs hit 80 so you have lots of time.  I can put numbers to this, but you have to learn to read the stochs here for the best success.

Ideally as the 15 and 30M are headed up the 1H is down near 20 or below 20 and looking like it will turn.  The 4H is headed down, but is not too important here.  By the time the 15 and 30 pass 50 or near 80m the 1H is headed up...probably just starting.

What I do is follow the 15M up to 80, then switch to 30 and follow it up to 80 and then the 1H and follow it up to 80 and then the 4H and up...by here you are mega pipping.  If I go to the hour, I don't look back at the 15/30, I just trade the 1H. Period.

As you move up each time frame you have to increase your stops.  No doubt there will be bumps along the way, especially as the time frame increases.  So the longer you go, the bigger variance there will be in price.

If you want to pay for just 20 pips...you need not go beyond the 30M.

Easy Pipping.  Enter when the 15M is near 70 and the 30M is above 20-50, ride the 30M and ride it into 80.....if there is no sign of a turn keeping pushing the 30 in the 80's...this is where the pips are made.

This is where learning to read the stochs is so important.  During live trading, the further the red line lags the blue line (in an uptrend the line on top will lead the line below it) the more likely a turn will happen.  How these lines move and your feel for them is all important.  Learn what they do with price.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Ok, that's enough theory.  SO let's look at the markets and do some trading.  I'll explain other indicators and how I use everything as I go.

As of right now the daily is on a down trend.

The weekly is up trending but looks like it may make a turn down or whipsaw down...so this would bring me to think that we can expect a down trend all this week.

The short term is slightlyy ranging but both the 15 and 30 are headed down and around 50.  They are quit whipsawy (if that's a word) so not a clear short.

The 4H is below 20 and starting to turn up....so we know the price is going to want to come up a bit in the long run.

The 1H is like the 15 and 30 and very smooth on the way down.

So I am going short and riding the 15M to the 20 or until it makes a move up.  I will start with a 50 Stop do to the whipsaw action and be prepared to adjust higher.  I'll keep an eye on the 30M to see if I will stay in longer, but keep in mind that the 4H want to climb.  So likely this immediate down trend is going to give way to a longer uptrend after the 15 and 30M exhaust their down move.  I don't think the 1H will hit 20.

Enter short at:  230.03

Stop: 230.53 (will adjust as we go)

TP:  299.75 (will adjust as we go)

Note: I always put a TP and Stop in, just in case my computer dies, Internet dies, etc.  The TP is not representative of a final TP, it's just there in case I can't manually get out.

I have RSI indicators up, they are all below 50 which is good for a short trade.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Well just as I was typing that the stochs made a turn up.  Not to worry, if they do go up to 80 it will be short term, our 1H still supports the short and the 4H is still below 20.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
I am moving my TP to 86, this will give me 7 pips.  It's very choppy so being safe here.

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Ok hit TP at 86.

Trades 1/1  +7 pips

I am going to wait until the stochs calm down and decide where they are headed.  I was about 99% confident of grabbing pips on that trade and even if the stochs went up, it would have been a waiting game to hit our TP.  Not a big gain, but wanted to show how this works.

I'm going to wait for the up turn of the 15/30 to get in sync with the 4H for the next trade.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Well we missed a big drop but that's ok, I never cry about missed pips as long as I get some.  That big drop by the way supports us in our coming trade which will be long and in the reverse direction of the current move.  So with that in mind, we are going for small pips again.  This long is going to be a burp and may amount to not much or could be big....but I'm keeping to my targets.

All our stochs from 15 to 4H are down....which means they can only go up.  We are going against the daily trend, so this can be riskier than trades with the trend.  It is possible (but not likely all of them) that our stochs may diverge from price and go up while price goes down due to the huge drop that just happened.  I'd be a lot happier if our 4H was just above the 20 on this up trade but the 1H is in a good spot so that helps.

Entry: Long at 229.25

Stop: 228.75

TP: 229.85

Keep a careful eye on the 15M turning and reversing down as it goes up.  If that happens we need to flip to the 30M and see how stable it is and where it is at on the up swing.  The 15M is likely to whipsaw on the way up, so keep that in mind.

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Moved the stop to 228.50

11:33 am EST Moved the stop back to 228.75

11:52 am EST adjusted stop back to 228.50  15/30's are going to whipsaw so we'll dip a bit.  May have to lower stop some more.

12:03 EST  the 1H has moved into a stronger up position.  Stop up to 229

12:17 EST Stop down to 228.50 again  Will give the trade some room for the 30M  This adjustment was made as I have more confidence in the longer up trend due to the 30M,1H and 4H stochs  but expect there will be some ups and downs along the way.  Normally when the price hit 55 I would move my stop to 42 to guarantee me 7 pips.  But this looks like a good up move so will take a poke at opportunity.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Spudfyre,

Thanks. Great insight into Stochastic. I am fan of stohastic. That is my no. one indicatore. Would you care the post your template?

thanks and regards,

Vasu.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Attached is my template...this is my most common.  The MA's are experimental, so I'm just watching them for now.  RVI is my horizon indicator, I only use it on the 1H...it let's me know where the market is.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Hello again

I like very much what you are explaining. It takes time to write down all this and trade at the same time.

What about a speaking chat room where you can just say your thoughts instead of writing them?

Regards

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Ok, I got out at 229.48 to make +13 pips.

The reason is I have my 20 pips for the day.  Life got in the way and have to leave trading this afternoon.  Will be back at it tonight.  Otherwise I would ride this up a little more.

Trades 2/2

PIPs: +20

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Spudfyre,

Good stuff mate, well worded and easy to follow.....guess you are thinking about doing a book??

Jarret

--- 帖子 #18 ---
I see that you use on your template the RVI indicator which according to MT is an indicator measuring the strength (V=vigor) of the market. They suggest a 10  period and you use a 100 period. Why would you do this?

Is the RSI showing something different? (than the RVI) or you want them confirming each other?

Regards

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Spudfure,

Great template. Thanks

Regards,

Vasu

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Hi,

The use of MTF stochs is certainly a big advantage. This is one of the bread winner I am using too.

When the stoch exceed 80% up and 20% down, I use the williian % range. at -25 and -75. I add to my position and exit when it crosses -25 or -75. Hope someone can check it and give us a feed back

Great job Spud.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
That's an interesting idea.  I like the %R, but haven't found a niche for it.  I'll have to experiment with your idea.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
It's a piece of a piece of a system that is on here in FF.  I don't use it to trade, just to give me a "comfort" zone on where the the market is.  The reasoning for 100...it just works for what I need it for.

I don't use the RSI to confirm the RVI.  The RSI is there to confirm long term trades that rely on the 1H and 4H charts where I may follow the trend for several days.  I may refer to it in the 15/30M trades to get a sense of price movement prior to the 1H making indications it is moving in the direction I want.

I'll try to explain my RSI use as I trade.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
No not really....I was getting PM'd so much asking me how I trade I thought this might be easier to explain it once and as I go.  It's hard to put what goes on in your mind on paper (or the screen in this case) without writing a book.  So I thought it would be a whole lot easier to translate what I am thinking as I think it.

I also know how frustrating to new people Forex can be (as I have been there) and I want to give people a little hope that you can make money from Forex in a safe consistent way.

BTW, I don't mind PM's if you have a question and you don't want it on the forum.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
hey spud,

very good stuff!!!  i actually understand what you are saying!!  you should have been a teacher, you would get your summers off!!  i was following drt's river method and i tried 5 demo trades, was 4/5 and made about 1200 dollars on just 2 mini lots. i would say not bad. i put in the trade and let it ride over night. your method seems to work weel for the short term hourly trades, which is fine by me as well, i would like to do both when i have the time.  what is the best time to trade this pair for your type of trading??? my schedule is kinda goofy, but if i can make the free time pay off, maybe i can make my schedule better for me to trade. i have seen that the last half of the euro trading day and the early part of the u.s. day seems to have the most movement, most of the time. is that the best???  i do not have a stochs chart system, mine is more a forex system for the novices, so i see actual prices and volumes on a graph, hard to explain, but if you see it, you would understand.  it shows trends in price, so i can see where the overalll trend is going, and certain angles of the trend are what i look for for trades, as i am learning, but i do like to read other peoples systems and analysis of other indicators to help me see a good place for a trade. this journal is much appreciated, please keep it going, not just for me but all the other people who want to make a few million pips!!!!!!  i have a few years before i get tired of the cold and move south, so i don't need all the pips tomorrow!!  i think if you and drt get together on this journal, a fortune is to be made by all, keep it up!!!

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Thanks for the very nice comments.

Majority of my trading is 5 am - noon est.

Otherwise usually 7 pm-midnight.

I will trade the afternoon if I have time.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Ok, well I left off hitting a long expecting it to go higher when I left.  Lucky I got out when  did, but still lots of time there to get out and still make pips.

Since we were against the trend, it was a riskier trade and take note of that trade period and what the stochs were doing.

Ok, our stochs are ready to go down so here we go.

Entry: Short @ 229.80

TP: 229.50 (will vary)

Stop: 230.50

Our daily stochs is getting close to the bottom, will need to exercise some caution as it fell much faster than I anticipated.  So that could shorten our overall down trend for the week.

I'm entering this trade based on the 15/30 M stochs coming down off 80.  I may be early as the 1H and 4H are way down and climbing up.

This is anticipated to be a quick short, but have to keep a close eye on it and see what happens on the 1H.

Stop is rather large here to give this trade some room in case I am early.  As you may notice I adjust my stops quite a bit.

Adjusted my TP to 20 pips...just going to bank a quick 20 here if I can.

Since I'm typing and entering my trade and trying to watch what things are doing all at once, I'll probably just put in my entry point when I'm in and then edit the stops and TP  and give my reasons as I get moments.  Generally I enter all trades with a stop of 50 and a TP of 30 or so just to get rolling and then adjust things.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Well that was an easy 20 pips.  Didn't even get to finish typing everything.  Now we have 20 pips in the bank for tomorrow.

Trades: 3/3

Pips:

Daily Target 20 pips: reached

Banked Pips: 20

Total Pips: 40

Tonight I am only trading with the trend so taking a break until the 15/30M are back up top again.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Don't ask me to explain the reason why, but the 5M stoch is an interesting indicator for finding the peak of a trade.

If the 5 min stoch breaks 85 or 15, for some reason that is the indication that we are at the peak of our trade or that it will soon reverse on us...like within 15 minutes.

It isn't 100% but I sure sit up and take notice if it hits 80 or 20 and keep a finger on my mouse to exit my trade.

You will see in the last trade it signaled the reversal and it was the major reason I shortened my TP to 20 pips.  Now we could have made a whole wack of pips here again...but I am happy as a clam to have 20 pips in the bank.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
The daily stoch is looking rather ready for a turn up.  I just may trade a long here if the 1H stoch gets lower and in sync with the 15/30.  Might be a good trade to get a trend reversal.  Probably too early though.

If you look at the daily you can see how far the green line (or is it blue) leads the red line...an ominous sign for a turn.  But it is the day stoch and it moves s-l-o-w...so don't want to get too anticipatory...my major fault as I can leap ahead of the market and then have to sit there waiting for my trade to catch up....so patience is key.

The safe move is just wait for the day to turn up, then we don't have to think about it.

The bigger worry is a down trade and we get hit with a reversal...so I'll probably aim for small pippers rather than get caught.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Someone mailed me earlier asking me how I use RSI.  I don't on short trades.  I use it for long trades where I am playing the 1 or 4H chart.  I use it to support my decision but not to decide the trade.

If it is below 50 and I am long I am more careful and watch things very closely.  If the RSI is above 50 and I go long I am careful too, watching for the down turn.

If it is just below 50 and moving up, that's support.  As long as it eventually comes up over 50.

Again that only pertains to the 1H and 4H stoch trades.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
What do you mean "short trades?"  When I go long, I am really going short.

Example)

EURUSD short = USDEUR long

This isn't an asset like a stock, but a relationship.

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Hey Spud,

Great journal, man.  Looks like a great system, and I especially appreciate the time you took to share your thoughts while placing your trades.  You are an inspiration my friend (6 figures), and I will be following your journal with great interest.

Best of luck,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Hi Spudfyre,

Thanks for sharing. I like the pip bank idea which can help to pull through those raining days....

Have a great pip-ing day.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Hey Spud,

Just completed 2 trades on GBP/JPY using your method here... First one was break even, but should have been 11-12 pips had I followed your rules... Second, was stopped out at +20 after gaining 35 pips  Looks like it is still going up, but like you said, I got my 20 pips for today!  Easiest 20 pips I ever made in 2 hours.  If only I had risked more...

Thanks again,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #35 ---
NICE Spud!

Just curious why you favor the GJ.  The way you read Stochs seems l to match the dominant price patterns of this pair.  Not all pairs behave like the GJ.  Of course each pair has its own typical characteristics.  Just wanted to know specifically what makes GJ work for you.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Short = sell

Long = Buy

Referencing only GBPJPY.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Great job!  That's what I like to hear.  Let the pip bank be your "more" .  It will add up over time.  You don't have to get rich overnight...just get rich.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
It's really nice after a few months of successful trades.  When you have a big enough pip bank your trades are technically "zero" risk.  Kinda like betting with the house money idea.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Daily still down

4H topping

30 topping

15 approaching 80

I feel we are topping out...ready for a short when 15 turns down??

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Good question.  I don't like USD, because I don't think the US has a clue what they are doing economically at the moment themselves.....no not really just had to put that in.

Really, the answer is lack of information.  I trade 100% technical,  and perhaps watch the news for an interest rate hike or cut...or war, or bombings.   I know way too much about the US and it works against me because I keep questioning my trades based on what is happening.

I know nothing about GBP or JPY...not nothing but not much about the day-to-day issues surrounding their economy.  Call it "head in the sand" trading if you like, but I prefer to think of it of just having the info I need to make pips.

The other reason is that GBPJPY is fun.  It moves all over the place and I have played it so long you just get the sixth sense working for you.  I believe you could trade this on any pair but I am successful with GBPJPY so why change?  The big reason is that there is lots of price action and each trade is exciting...it really is that simple.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Keep an eye out, some down action starting soon.  All the stochs are peaking at the top.  Will update shortly with an entry.

My entry will probably be around 231.00  Just waiting for the stochs to start coming done on 15/30.  See how much higher it goes first.

Here's a good example of patience.  The price is spiking and we know it will go down, so it is so tempting to jump on the trade now and try to grab those big pips when it reverses by going short.  However you notice that the 15/30 are still climbing and could push into the 80's.  This is where a lot of pips are made, so entering now could be a big big mistake.  Better to be safe than sorry.  You could enter and the price could take a 70 pip ride up still...which means you would be trading for a break even..yuk.  Wait until you see the stochs coming down....don't worry about trying to cash in on the reversal.

The 15 is looking like it will start reversing, but the 30 and 1H still have room to go up.  We are 10 minutes from the 15 minute candle closing so wait till it closes and re-assess.  Any move down by the 15 might be a whipsaw and even if it does fall, it just means we wait for better conditions.

I have an entry at 231 to sell....if the market turns that should be a good spot to get in

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Entry: Short at 231.00

Stop: 231.60

TP: 230.60

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Mannnn... If only I didn't have work in 1 hour... I'd SO be doing this one with you

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Just 20 minutes after you entered your trade.

The 30 did not turn yet but the 15 is already pointing down. Why not wait till the 30 also points down? It is touching the 80 line.

The RVI(100) on the 15 is also pointing up, but this is a 100 RVI so a lot of 15 min in it.

Regards

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Question for you....

Do you keep an eye on the Cable and Yen when you are trading this cross??

--- 帖子 #46 ---
You are correct.  I jumped in a little early this morning, even after I wrote about being patient.  It's a bad trait of mine....trust you to slap me silly a few times and tell me to wait in the future.

I don't use the RVI to make a trade decision.  The 1H will usually contradict us to some extent because it won't react until the 30 moves.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
No.  I have only GBPJPY charts open.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
For a minute there, I thought I had missed something. Spudfyre, I'd like your somments on the MTF stochastics indicators. I don't like them much because I think they can be misleading. Your thoughts on this?

--- 帖子 #49 ---
I have that same problem....jumping early!!  I do find that watching the other two helps with my trade entry....

--- 帖子 #50 ---
The biggest problem I have with the MTF Stochs indicator is that if you have it on the 30 M chart, the 4H and 1H wil repaint themselves...which makes sense as they are still adjusting.  If you backtest with the indicator it looks great, but trading it live can be difficult.

It also doesn't give you detail of price/stoch movement that you need on a minute by minute basis so to speak.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
It's a good idea.  I do know what you mean, but my problem is discipline

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Hey Spud,

I know you went short G/J not too long ago, and it looks as though it's going back to the long side according to 15, 30, and 1 hr; although all these values are above 80.  Are you still in the trade, or did you just take the loss like a man?

Thanks,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #53 ---
I'm still in the trade.  I'll ride it out.  I still hold that the 231 entry point will not be far off the mark when things go down.

I will make another short trade here to take advantage of the up ...just waiting.

I'm hoping it goes to 45 or 50 to do this.  Doesn't look like it may go that high.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Still in the trade, will ride it out.

Entry Short at 231.00

Stop at 232.00

TP at 230.80

I am waiting for a second short entry.  Which I will put here.

Second Entry:  Short at 231.25

Stop at 232

TP at 230.90

Hit this second entry at 11:57 am EST

12:01  Stops down to 231.80

12:05  First entry TP is 230.91

Second Entry TP is 230.95

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Hey Spudfyre... thanks for sharing yur knowledge with us. Your detailed explanations are great. I was wondering if your could post a couple of charts showing us what you look for in a good setup on MTF's. This would help me to see if I'm understanding this method correctly. THANKS!!!

--- 帖子 #56 ---
I'm working on that.  I will probably put some stuff together on the weekend.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
So, the 15m and 30m Stochs are below 20 and the 1hr is on it's way down. Do you take profit here, or keep riding the 1hr down toward 20? Also, if you do ride the 1hr down, at what point do you take profit? Do you watch for the 5m/15m time frames to begin climbing out of 20? Thanks!

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Ok so both TP's were hit and here are the results:

Trades: 4/4

Breakeven Trades: 1/1

Daily Target 20 pips: reached

Banked Pips: 20

Total Pips of all Trades: 60

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Well, that was the obvious example of entering a trade too early.

It was also an example of trusting your indicator that the price will turn as you think it will and sticking through it.

This is why I added a second short entry order.  I was in early, I trusted the indicators and the turn against us actually made it easier to get our 20 pips for the day in the long run with this second order.

When the price was at 231.50 it would certainly put doubts into anyone's mind that we were on the wrong track.  However, if you took a good look at the 1H stoch it really confirmed our downward motion even before the 30M did and our 15/30's were in good position.

I moved my TP's up only beacause the 15/30's were starting to exhaust themselves and I didn't feel like another scenic drive through the price.

Again, I made my 20 pips for the day...and that is always #1 priority above any other chase for added pips.

Time to treat myself to a break and visit my Yoda for some reflection on my early entry today.

I will be back at trading at 7 pm EST tonight to continue this journal.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
The 15/30's are exhausted.  You can ride the hour and 4H, but it will be a long trade and you'll have to contend with some up movemet before it goes down most likely.  A better idea would be to get out when the 15/30's are done and hop back in when the 15/30's are back on top again (with the 4H and 1H headed down of course).

My philosophy is get those 20 pips a day.  Forget chasing the pip motherlode.  We can make lots of trades when all four time frames line up and grab pips from all those trades, so why chase.  Take 7 pips, take 14 pips, take 20 pips....just take pips when you can take them and stay positive.  You can trade this 10 times a day if you wanted.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
I got a few messages last night about prices I was listing.  I'm calculating the spreads into what I list and from my different brokers which is confusing some people.

So to make it easier and set a standard, I will am going to quote my trades off StrategyFX with the MoneyTec broker prices.  This will be our standard for this journal.

I will quote the entry price as the price from here.  I will then simply state the Stop in pips and the TP in pips.  This will eliminate the spread differences that you may have from me.

So if you have a 10 pip spread from your broker obviously in reality you will need to make 30 pips a day (which is what I usually have to do).

--- 帖子 #62 ---
These are our results since March 28, 2007

Days Traded: 2

Total Net Pips to Last Completed Trade:  60

Total Trades:  5

Winners: 4

Break-even: 1

Losses: 0

Winning Percentage:  100%

Worst down draw:  53 pips

Daily Goal: 20 pips

Daily Goal Met: 2/2

Pips in Pip Bank: 20

Typically this journal will be active from 6 am-12 noon and 7 pm to midnight when trading is available.  I have a life and I do this for free, so these are not fixed times.  I am actively here all day so I may sneak a few trades in as well at other times.

Hmmm...I was hoping to stick this at the top of the forum, it didn't work.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
hey spud,

how many lots do you trade at a time??  are they mini lots or standard lots??

--- 帖子 #64 ---
1 lot at a time....standard lots.  Start with mini and increase lots as the bank roll increases until the standard makes more sense.

I keep my account at a level so that my worst loss is 2% of my account.  That way I can lose 50 times in a row before killing my account...a very unlikely scenario even on my worst days.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
What a nailbiter!  Good show!   I was thinkin' more along the lines of Mrs. DOUBTfyre instead of Mr. Spudfyre there for a few!

I've been reading and following another stochastics method introduced by Boxingislife which I think has some very strong parallels/correlations with your method.  If you get the chance, give this a read and see what you think...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=13321

Thanks and great job!

--- 帖子 #66 ---
I read every system, and test every system.  Much of what I do I suspect comes from many systems and learning their strengths and weaknesses.  I keep the faith that someone will one day discover an easier way to make pips than me....hopefully one that is mechanical in nature.

Now be nice...Mrs. Doubtfyre!  My imperial spatula gives you one whack on the head for that one.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Ouch!  :

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Great stuff...thanks Spudfyre....good learning material.

BP

--- 帖子 #69 ---
I like very much your method wiht pip bank, nice and innovative ideea, which has a great psihological effect.

I like that you aren't greedy,to , 20 pips is enought.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Thanks.  20 pips is all you need...maybe less.  It's all about how much your pips are worth.  It's an exponential scale to make pips and ten times easier to lose a pip then gain one.

It's fun to chase 100 pips, 300 pips...it feels great when you hit it.  But you need a strong constitution and zero emotions to enter those trades when they dive 150 pips on you.....do I really want to spend 5 days worrying about a trade...or a couple of hours?

Like I said before, you can trade for 20 pips all day long at least a dozen times a day and be extremely successful and remarkably accurate doing it.  Or you can try and trade for 100 pips, be stressed for days on end and lose 19 times out of 20...talk about beating yourself over the head.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Would now be a good short entry point? The 15m stochs have been in a downtrend for a while and now approaching 20 while the 30m stochs are starting to turn over. Also, the 1hr was in a downtrend, but has since turned slightly to the upside and the 4hr is topping out above 80. I hope my analysis is not off by too much.

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Spud,

Can you comment on your 6 figure salary? Was that made by trading this method in FX? If so, that is incredible. I will be watching your every move and learning all I can from you. Thanks for sharing your journal.

Regards,

DL

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Hi Spudfyre,

Wonderful thread . Thank you very much for your effort to share your system.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Let's take a look at where we the markets are.

The Daily made that move I spoke of last night where it looked like it might make an early turn up.  It hasn't crossed and may just kiss the line and go back down.  This is a problem at the moment as it doesn't give us any real trend to rely on.

Everything else from 30-4H is looking like a down turn is ready with the 30 already turned.

However the 15 is on its way up?

Let's wait and see what happens with the 15 and when it gets to the top where the 30 is.  I'd rather be safe on this one and wait out the moves then dive into a sell right now.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Just from pure statistical analysis we know that the price will drop over the next 24 hours at some point looking how the day has opened and where the price is.  The question is, will that be now or later and if we went with just stats what kind of stop would we have to ride out.

Almost all our RSI's are headed down, that would support a down move.  However they are also all above 50 which could mean we are in a prolonged up trend.

I have 9 and 100 MA's on my charts.  They are experimental and from a system someone posted here.  On the daily they point to an uptrend as they almost have crossed.

All the rest have already crossed which would mean long too.

So I'm going to think that we are in a favoured long position right now and see what effect the 15/30 has on price over the next bit.  What I will look for is:

Is the price moving more on the up or down of the stochs?

How fast are the stochs rising and falling with price movement?

How far separated are they or how much are they leading the red line?

How is the RSI moving through all this?

If we are in an uptrend, I suspect we will see arapid climb of the 15 or it will simply bottom out under 80 and fstay there while the 30 moves down.

If we get the 15/30 down at the bottom I suspect the 1H will follow as the 30 makes its turn below 80, or the 1H will do a rapid dive.  If this is the case, I'm going for the long when the 15/30 are above 80 and moving up.

I'm much more nervous about trading anything down unless we get all 4 time periods lined up 15/30/1H/4H

Let's just watch and see how price moves and its affect on the stochs, this is still our best indicator.

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Sorry I missed that time period so can't comment as I didn't see where the stochs were or what they were doing at the time.  How did it turn out?

--- 帖子 #77 ---
I'm not going to comment on that now, but I will say that the whole reason I am where I am is on the 20 pip core bank the rest philosophy which I use in every income endeavor.  Forex and this method has much to do with it.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Another interesting indicator is the 5M Stoch has peaked below 15 twice in it's past two down swings.  This is an ominous sign we won't be getting any lower peaks for a while and supports a long move.  Just keep this one in the back of  your mind.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Hi Spudfyre,

Shouldn't the winning percentage to be calculated as total winner/ total trade x 100% which yours will be 4/5 x100% which is 80%. You didn't lose in 1 trade, but didn't win either.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
True enough, but if I don't lose I call it a "win".  Maybe a "save"?  Probably just count it as a neither a win nor a loss and just a zero.  Actually, technically I won the spread

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Well everything is setting up for a down turn.  The 15M is very close.  But I don't like it.  I'll probably just watch this one and maybe hop in later in the down run if it looks any good and try to grab a few small pips.

Need to see what the price move is like...we may just be ranging here.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Alright everything still looks ready for a sell, so when the 15/30 turn and are clearly headed down, I'm going to sell and aim for 10 pips first but set mt TP for 30.  I'm going to be ready to pull the plug on this quick if I don't like the fall in the 15M chart.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Entry: Short at 231.60

TP: 30 (but watching for a quick pull)

Stop: 25

8:45 pm  Moving TP to 10

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Made 10 pips for the bank on that trade.

These are our results since March 28, 2007

Days Traded: 2

Total Net Pips to Last Completed Trade: 70

Total Trades: 6

Winners: 5

Break-even: 1

Losses: 0

Winning Percentage :  100%  (Break-evens don't count as a loss or win)

Worst down draw:  53 pips

Daily Goal: 20 pips

Daily Goal Met: 2/2

Pips in Pip Bank: 30

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Amazing call, Spudfyre... I'm a very conservative trader and decided to exit with 15 pips.... Thank you for your generosity....

--- 帖子 #86 ---
You did 5 pips better than me   But it is all good.

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Looks like a long trade is in the making?

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Yes I agree, I was in at 231.08 includes spread TP 231.28, maybe a bit premature will see....

--- 帖子 #89 ---
I'm thinking short right now... 15 Min has just crossed down 30 minute is approaching over bought and leading line is bending down after wide gap. 1 hour says buy, but 3 hour is still saying sell coming from over bought.  We will see what happens; may be opportunity for long, but right now I see short.  I'm waiting for stoch's to approach 30 more on 15 min charts.

Regards,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #90 ---
I take it back, let's look at long now

Edit: Long at 231.48

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Great thread!  That has to be one of the best explanations of stochs, and how to trade them that I have seen.

I'll be reading this thread (and adding this to my trading toolkit.)

Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Spud,

would you consider a signal when the stochs turn without below/above the 20/80 line?

would that be considered a valid signal, or i it better to wait for another movement that will penetrate those levels?

--- 帖子 #93 ---
The birds are singing, the sun is shining and let's make a few pips before the weekend.  Being a Friday, I trade to no later than 2 pm EST and am out as soon as I can be,  Last thing I want is to carry a trade over the weekend or get caught in the 5 pm Friday blips.

Daily Stoch:  Still in no man's land so it isn't really helping us make any decision for our trades.

Looks to me we will be gearing up for another short trade in a little while.  The 15/30's/1H are all climbing and we can pull the trigger when the 15/30 turn and head down.  The 4H is halfway down so this should rank in the "pretty safe" trades category.

Many people are asking me about longer trades and bigger trades.  I do trade them....but right now I want to focus on practicing with the stochs, and learning to read them.  My purpose is to show you that you can make good money trading small pips consistently over going for the gold every time you trade and exposing yourself to huge risk and reversals.  Hey, we made 70 pips in 2 days, that's not bad and the most stress we had was when I leaped in early and made us ride a 53 pip down swing.  Other than that our trades have been almost instant gratification.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Just about ready to go short.

About 231.25, just wait until the 30 turns and hop in

Our priority is 20 pips today.

8:12 am  Looks like it may go up some more so just keep waiting on that 30M stoch

8:18 am  Keep waiting don't pull the sell at 25.

8:22 am  Waiting until the 30M close this may be an early move and we may wait for the next one.  Have to see where the 30/1H are in relations to the 15M move

So what happened there?  The 15/30 both failed to reach 80.  The 15 was leading too fast and too early.The 1H is still funky and could do anything.  So better just wait and let this cycle run its course.

8:38 am  Good thing we waited, price took off going up after a little head fake.  Thanks to the 30m/1H we were able to catch that.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
I devoted this weekend to writing everything down into one document and will include charts that will show you the good and the bad in trading stochastics over multi time frames.

Hopefully it will make your trading a little easier and give you some success.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Your efforts are greatly appreciated!

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Hi Spudfyre

Just wanted to thank you for all your hard work and for helping others through your work.  It is so refreshing to know that people like you are around...thank you!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Thanks for your input Spudfyre. As for my trading, it has become easier. Looking forward to your "manuscript".

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Yes...thanks for your efforts in sharing your knowledge.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Looking forward to your book. This is a great system...and as you said....the only problem is that it does not raise your adrenaline levels to the roof!!!!

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Thanks Spud for your willingness to share with others.

Did you happen to make a trade this morning or sit it out on the sidelines?

--- 帖子 #102 ---
No trade this morning.  Couldn't get any good indications.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Spudfyre, I can't wait to see what you put together. I'm really excited about this MTF Stochs trading method. Thanks for taking the time to help us learn...

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Sup,

Uz the man...    thanks for sharing.  Looking forward to your doc.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
I like the math.....

20 pips per day = 100 pips per week

100 pips per week = 400 pips per month

400 pips per month = 4800 pips per year

One Standard Lot = $8.00 - $10.00 per pip, depending on which pair you traded.

20 pips per day = $160 - $200 per day

100 pips per week = $800 - $1000 per week

400 pips per month = $3200 - $4000 per week

4800 pips per year = $38,400 - $48,000 per year

If you're working with a smaller account and trade one mini lot per trade then:

20 pips per day = $16 - $18 per day

100 pips per week = $80 - $100 per week

400 pips per month = $320 - $400 per week

4800 pips per year = $3840 - $4800 per year

To me, seeing the numbers makes focusing on getting that 20 pips per day so much more of a worthy goal.  What I think is really cool is that to increase your income, you don't need to do anything different functionally.  As you build up your bank, just increase the number of lots you trade, keeping the same pip goals.

K.I.S.S.....I like it....

P.S.   Looking forward to your documentation Mr. Spudfyre!

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Hi Spudfyre,

Just read your thread.  It's very insightful on how powerful stochs can be.

You mentioned you keep your risk% at 2%.   By the way I understand this, when your initial stop loss is hit -- the maximum loss will translate to 2%.

In your first few posts, you mentioned that you set varying stop loss (20 pips to 100 pips depending on the market scenario).  Can you elaborate more on your stop loss setting?

Brgrds,

RAZRDUDE

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Hi Spud,

I just want to thank you for starting this thread. I got interested in the stochs multitime frame with TEB63 very good system but I wanted to concentrate just on one pair and I've always been intrigued by the gbp/jpy look forward to following this thread....Valerie....

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Apologies I won't be trading today...or at least until tonight.  My wife decided to buy a puppy on the weekend...a rather large 8 month old puppy that is in need of a fence...so guess who gets to build the fence.

The document should be ready tomorrow, with chart examples.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Lemme guess.....a Labrador Piptriever?

No wait!   A PipBull!

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Bad joke.

BP

--- 帖子 #111 ---
That's funny......

--- 帖子 #112 ---
I've almost got all the charts completed.  I think you will find the wait worthwhile.  Unfortunately for me I did not realize the amount of time it would take to produce them and write up what each one means.  However, I feel it is important to post them so that more time is spent on trading  and making pips

So bear with me....I'm getting there.

"Piptriever"...cute.  Might make a good name.  Though right now I think she is a "pipus interuptus".

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Spudfyre... bear with me for a moment please...

I'd like to express my gratitude to all the hosts at FF who keep their doors open and allow passers by to come in and learn... thank you to all people with big hearts and minds for sharing your knowledge and... your creativity...

After a number of months of searching for the right path in this fx jungle... and loosing money on my first live trade... I came back to the “drawing board” and started to search again... I found Igor’s TSR - a good learning experience... Ramdas – 6SMAs TS, no indicators system... thank you Ramdas...

From Ramdas, my journey put me across the beautiful mind of Kharvell and his thread... thank you Kharvell for sharing your creations... and  first of all... thank you for the link to Spudfyre’s thread here...

I started to read Kharvel last night... then came to Spudfyre... and couldn’t stop... it was so exhilarating... went to sleep about passed 3:00 am... when my eyes and head just couldn’t handle anymore... have completed my reading today...

Spudfyre... thank you for being who you are... and for doing what you do... know that you may be saving other peoples existence... be for them a light at the end of the tunnel... and... give them hope, for a better future...

THANK YOU for sharing your energy... and teaching us some of what you know... you are a good teacher... I see your link with Vibrating Bundles of Energy and Universal Knowledge is quite strong... happy... and gratifying... let it be that way.... -EnkiJr

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Enki,

Well said ....I too have been caught up in this big FX jungle.  My journey has lead me to many threads.  I remember reading one thread from post number one......I wanted to read every post not to miss a sentence or a phrase that I thought would help in my adventure: After one complete day of readding the thread just ended....  I did learn a valuable lesson (read the last post first).  It wasn't all bad I did pick up pointers here and there.

Spudfyre...I echo EnkiJr's sentiments..

jj/.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
There is a nice setup right now for short?

Thank you for your system!!!

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Thank you JayJay... and hello All...

I noticed that eyes can pick up a bit quicker and mind can recognizers and learn the relationship between price and stochs on M1 and M5 charts faster... I just added them to my setup... total is now 8... and... I can see how price and strochs are relating to each other very well... best on M1...

I think this could be a good setup for learning... cheers!

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Enki,

Are you using the 5, 3, 3 stoch on the 1 & 5 min?

Thanks, DL

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Yes lcfxtrader... same Stochs on M1 and M5... all the relationships are moving much faster... I believe there are Fast and Slow stochs MAs... but am not sure which one we should be using for the key signal...

I trust we will have answers to all that in Spudfyre's manual...

--- 帖子 #119 ---
good stuff on here

--- 帖子 #120 ---
EnkiJr,

Thank you for the kind words.  I hope you have much success in forex!

Regards,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Thank you Kevin... it would be a blessing for everybody if you would let us know which of the systems you have developed or developing has the best results so the Kharvell's Fun Club could stay on the right track...

Spudfyre... trust everything is okay... you mentioned you are experimenting with MAs on your template... may I suggest you say hello to Ramdas... and see his 6SMAs system... very simple and very effective... here

I will introduce him to your system as well... the combination of the two could bring interesting results... during my journey I have learned that multi time-frame view is the key to see where the market is going...

SpudFyre... In your template you have Stoch, RSI and RVI... I am trying to learn on the net about them however it is not coming to my head how their interrelations are playing out... I understated Stochs are the most important... how the others are supporting Stochs movement...? are they needed...? or you are only experimenting for now with RSI and RVI...?

am... well, WE... are looking forward to your manual... thanks!

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Spudfyre... you mentioned you typically work/play from 5:00-11:00 and later in the evening EST [NY/Toronto]... I have learned from Igor's thread [IgorTSR TS] he is using PalTalk to communicate with his students...

I have it installed on my computer and it works great... Igor is doing running commentary on what his mind is telling him in response to what is happening on the charts [his thinking process]... students can listen, follow on their live charts... and learn quite well... audio quality is terrific...

Would you please consider opening your own room so we could learn from you there [you are at the computer anyway - and we could listen]... and if any of us would have a question... we could IM, or better yet press the "handUP" button... line up... you could press your control inviting the first in line to speak... and we all would hear the conversation...

I am new to the chat-rooms experience, PalTalk is my first... and it talks with Yahoo... and many other systems...

Please check this out... what do you say...? the service is free...

--- 帖子 #123 ---
I've attached my document "Escalator to Pips".  It is the basic fundamental way I trade and carries a very high success rate.

I realize that I have probably left a lot of holes in my explanations, but it is already a 10 page document and any more and I think I really would be writing a book.

Having said that it is probably better if there are questions that I can answer in detail where I left out details on info.

I trimmed the charts down, as they all started to look the same.  If you look at the charts and wait for the indication they suggest, you can't go far wrong in your trades.

I hope it helps in your trading.  I will mostly be trading what I have in the document on this journal.  I will continue with some smaller trades as I fill the in-between times but they are fundamentally all the same methodology.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
I'll give it some thought.  With 5 boys and a large puppy in the background the noise might cause some interference

I'm not sure I can make that sort of commitment...but it may be interesting.  I'll take a look at the program and give it some consideration.  I travel a bit so I don't always have access to high speed Internet.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
If there is a system on FF, I've looked at it...but thanks for the link and I'll take another look.  I like MA's but just haven't found them responsive enough for my liking.

That template was a snip from my current settings.  Really, all I use is stochs.  I play with other stuff but don't take the RVI or RSI or the MA's in there as being used to trade here.

The only thing I like about RSI is that it shows a long trend but I also find it can be very misleading as well.  I'm endeavoring to find or develop a truly dynamic mechanical system ....but it is a work in progress with indicator bits strewn all over my desk...just never have the right screwdriver to make the darn thing fit altogether.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Dear Spudfyre,

Many thanks for the doc!, I will study it on detail today.

Thank you again.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
It's better explained in my manual....I think.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
I just want to thank everyone who has posted here or written such nice comments to me.  It really is nice support!

I apologize if I don't comment or respond to everyone, it isn't because I don't appreciate what you wrote!  I'm just trying not to clutter the forum and if I respond to everything I won't be able to trade

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Spud,

Thanks for a well written and easily understud document.  I have read it but will read it again many times.  I will duplicate and paste the ideal trade set ups next to my screen.  I will also practice reading the stochs, as you suggested.

Thanks again for a great document.

jj/.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
You see... everybody was/is waiting for you...

and NO... no commitment... if you would be there, fine... at the time you are not there, I hope you would appoint those who will graduate, as assistant teachers... so the new guys could learn... and it could go on... the background chatter wouldn't interfere... and when something private... you could mute your mike... other assistants [with audio permission controls] would carry on...

As to Ramdas's 6SMAs TS... he uses them only as a S/R lines... and he is not on FF... a good teacher as well...

Please consider PalTalk solution...

And now... am off, to study your  "Escalator to Pips"... THANKS MUCH!!!

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Spudfyre... just went through the first reading of your Escalator to Pips... its priceless... where this all came to you from...? may I ask how long did it take you to get the knowledge you are giving us now...?

Let's hope that we all will master at least a portion of this gift...

An apropos gift... say you decide to start your trading room at PalTalk... and graduate your students... what about starting a SpudFund...  all graduates could donate a portion of their winnings to this fund [managed by you and your faculty members]... the SpudFund could support a voted by the students body and the faculty good causes...

What are your thoughts on this...?

Also, on your initial/original template you have an indicator that is telling you when the candle is completed... is this what is drawing your vertical start/stop candle-timellines on your charts...? could you let us know where we can find this indicator...?

Thanks, EnkiJr

Now, back to reading your Escalator to Pips again... need to print it on my mind...

--- 帖子 #132 ---
The knowledge is based on years and endless hours of midnight candle burning...should have bought stock in candles

Spudfund is a cool idea.  I think I'll just focus on this journal until we can get people comfortable with it and see what develops.  I wasn't really expecting all this response, just figured I'd be helping a few who were struggling.  I figure my Stops theory is going to throw a few and may need some reinforcement from some real trading.

I've thought about perhaps a "trader support club"...having an interactive web site to help those with small accounts get going.  Perhaps we all start with $500 in our own accounts and aim to make our accounts reach a certain figure by a specific date, etc.  Trading is a lonely place for new people and I think having the knowledge of being in a group and everyone trading the same way would be a positive re-inforcement.   It is so much harder to trade with a $500 account and get it off the ground.  Just a thought at this stage.  Maybe from this we could start a 2nd pip bank for the Spudfund where maybe a small percentage goes into it from everyone and then we all vote where the fund goes to.

I've attached the candle end indicator.  You should note that it only updates itself if the price moves but it is nice to have to be sure.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
I'm watching things develop.  I'm watching how the 4H stochs is reacting to the current price swings to get a feel of the flow.  It certainly seems to be reacting to the down moves more than the up ones.  Wherever the 4H ends up (top or bottom) is where the next trade will be.

I think we may have a trade tonight if all works out.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Spudfyre,

Thanks for making up the 'Escalator..' document, however I'm having some trouble with it, in the Chart Examples, I see no pictures, just your descriptions. It might be because I don't have Word, and the program I'm using may format things differently, but there are deffinently no pictures working for me.

Would it be possible for you or any one else, to kindly convert it to a pdf document, so that I can see everything?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Here it is in pdf..see if it works

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Works Great, Thanks!

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Spud,

You've done it again my friend! Great document; very well written and concise! I really appreciate the tons of time that this guide probably took you, and I'm sure I will appreciate the pips too when the "Optimal" signal comes.

I had been expecting great things when you said you would make a document to explain a little better, and you have exceeded my expectations.

Thanks again,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #138 ---
I, too, greatly appreciate your guidelines!  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Glad I could help and thanks for the accolades.  I didn't realize doing MTF charts would be so time consuming   Going to have to find a better way to make up charts to post.

Been rather a dull day in the trading world...hopefully something picks up tonight.  Have to be careful of the interest rate news coming up for GBP....it's the only news I usually sit aside on.

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Here's a snap shot of April 4 at 0:00 GMT.  The 1H is still trending down...if you draw a straight line from the peak to the whipsaw.  You can also see it making a turn.  One thing about stochastics is that they often maintain a turn once started or go flat, especially true on longer time frames like the 1H and 4H.

If we traded this, there is more probability the 15/30/and 4H will push down than all three reversing.  There is some risk to taking a ride on this trade.  However, if the 15M and 30M turned up it wouldn't last long and then we'd have a better downturn later.  We can pretty much rely on pipping some profit here simply because the upward movement would be small if any.

Entry was in at 234.75

15M exited at 234.54  +21 pips

30M exited at 234.40  +35 pips

1H exited at 234.26    +49 pips (hit trailing stop)

Not a great pipper trade likely due to where the 1H was, but still profit.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Once again thanks for the analysis.  I printed your analysis and added to your doc.  I will continue to add your comments and analysis to your doc as you make them available.

jj/.

Spud,

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Spud, thanks for the great document. I have been reviewing it all day and hope that I'll be able to use the knowledge you've shared to contribute to this board. I also wanted to say that it's an excellent idea (time permitting), how you posted the actual chart frames to show us what you saw in the stochs before entering a trade. I hope you continue to do this as it allowed me to reference on my own charts and see what I missed. Thanks for everything!!!

--- 帖子 #143 ---
I'll try to post charts after trades on my down time so we have something to reference.  I probably won't post "optimum" or obvious charts ...just the ones that have something that is a little different than normal.  I doubt I'll be able to squeeze the charts in before a trade unfortunately...they just take too long to make.  However, I'll point out where too look on the active chart and try to mention any peculiarities as we go.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
THanks this is some great info...ive always been a fan of stochs!

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Spud,

@ 4:00 all except the 30m are about the same direction (south) .  Would this be a good trade (short) when the 30M heads south?

jj/.

--- 帖子 #146 ---
4:00 where?

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Sorry...I was trying to keep an eye on the stochs.  My message was not clear.......4:00 GMT.

jj/.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Hey Spud,

Just made 19 pips on a short trade starting around 6-7PM CST!  My server was crashing so I bailed early, but my intentions were to run it up to even more.

Thanks!

Kevin

--- 帖子 #149 ---
"I've thought about perhaps a "trader support club"...having an interactive web site to help those with small accounts get going. Perhaps we all start with $500 in our own accounts and aim to make our accounts reach a certain figure by a specific date, etc. Trading is a lonely place for new people and I think having the knowledge of being in a group and everyone trading the same way would be a positive re-inforcement. It is so much harder to trade with a $500 account and get it off the ground. Just a thought at this stage. Maybe from this we could start a 2nd pip bank for the Spudfund where maybe a small percentage goes into it from everyone and then we all vote where the fund goes to."

many thx spud for all ur sharing...

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Anyone else seeing the "Optimal" Long signal coming up for GBP/JPY? 10:02PM CST

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Great job!

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Yes, things are looking good we might get a trade in a little while...no doubt about 4 am EST

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Long @ 234.32

15 min stochastics has been going up for a while, 30 minute has confirmed confidently, and 1 hour has just crossed over, looking to head up.  3-hour doesn't look too convincing, but we'll just have to see.  I realize this is not "optimal", but looks good enough.

Kevin

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Just a word of warning that this trade will probably develop very close to GBP interest rate news at 7:00 am EST this morning.

Also, don't forget the golden rule of patience.  Wait for the stochastics to make their move....don't make the move ahead of them.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Hey Spud,

Could you comment a little bit more on why you are NOT in this trade given that what I said above is true?  Are you just cautious due to news, or is there something I'm not seeing...

Thanks in advance,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #156 ---
This looks pretty convincing to me.  15m is lat against the top, 30m has moved down and back up, 1h moving up and the 4h just turned north.  Looks like a long run up, potentially...am I reading this correct?

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Just found this thread...looks great

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Hi Spud

I also use another broker (GFT) and wanted to display the charts but the stochastics look different. I noticed that the default price for GFT is the close and the default price used on metatrader is High/Low. Which one are you using? (my guess is High/Low but I just wanted te be sure)

Regards

--- 帖子 #159 ---
The only problem with this entry is the 15M and the relationship to the 1H and especially the 4H.  The 15M is very high, the 30M is extremely whipsawed.  Given the 1H and 4H haven't reached the 20 line, this is a risky entry.  My expectations would be a whipsaw in the 1H.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
You must have made some pips on the trade as I see it went up to 74?

I'm cautious of the interest rate news to be sure...that is the only thing that keeps me on the sidelines.   I felt the 8:00 GMT trade was too early, I would have waited for the down cycle and traded the short more than the long as my expectations are that the 4H and 1H are headed closer to 20 over the longer stretch.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
For the charts I am using StrategyFX.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Here is the down swing I would have waited for.  Notice how much better positioned the 15/30/1H charts are in relation to each other than they were at 8:00 GMT moving up.   This gives me more confidence to put a trade in beacause even if we get a turn up against us, where will it go?  Not too far.  More likely the 3 time frames will push the 4H on it's continued down trend.

The only factor here will be the GBP news...which means you would have to be out of this trade before that news arrived....to be safe.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Hello Spud,

I just finished reading your doc.  Well written.  I will be reading it over several more times today.

Thanks again, for being generous with your time and knowledge.

Regards,

Clansman

--- 帖子 #164 ---
This chart is showing clear divergence between the stochastic and price.  A sure sign price is going to be a lot stronger down when the 15M turns.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
the explanations and the charts are a great help...

many thx

river

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Your document is an outstanding piece of work.... Thank you again for your continued generosity and unselfishness... You're a rare breed in today's world and I salute you.... My question-- approximately, how many good setups do you see in a day?

--- 帖子 #167 ---
If you chase pips as I first outlines in this journal, you will probably find about 3 trades a day on average.  With the escalator, probably a few a week.

It is a matter of risk.  If you wait for a trade like April 5 at 8:00 GMT, that is what I would call mid-high risk and you can find many of these.  If you wait for a trade like the one at 12:30 GMT, this is low-mid risk and you will find less trades but more success.

I go back to my 20 pips a day rule.  If you are averaging that through both pip makers, than take caution and pick the best trades.  Trade both for a month and you will see that you will be way over the 20 pips a day trading the safest opportunities.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Although I didn't mention it in my manual, divergence can reap some nice rewards.

Notice how this 15M chart from right now has diverged as the stochs went up and the price went down.  Notice when the stochs turned down the price accelerated downwards...this is an easy 50 pips so far.

There is much higher risk in divergence trading  because usually you only see it on one time frame.  It's a tool for pips...but wait for the stoch to turn!

--- 帖子 #169 ---
If your wondering what I am waiting for to enter the next trade, it is the 4H stoch to come down to the 20 line and turn up again for a long escalator trade when the time frames align.

In the meantime there are downward moves to play with.  I would avoid any long trading until we have a sign from all time frames and the 4H has defined a move upward.

I'm just going to wait for the 1H and 4H to show their move.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Entered at 233.80 short for a really "short" trade . I hope to take some pips before the reverse.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Hey Spud,

I really appreciate the explanation you posted earlier.  I see now that stochastics being close to the line(80 or 20) is quite necessary for the sake of certainty.  I ended up losing 10 pips on this trade, as I saw both the 15 min stoch's and 30 min stoch's turn down.  I was a bit unsure at this point because the 1 hour was seemingly unaffected; wasn't quite sure how to play it out.  Anyway, I earned 9 pips yesterday total, and I do believe that qualifies as a winning day !

I also see the major long opportunity coming up, and am quite ready for some easy pippage

Thanks again,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #172 ---
You'll probably have price go against you for a bit in the short term.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Yes, the reverse is coming too early. Im loosing in that position right now.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Yes, I don't think you are going to have much fun over the next little bit.  Flip on the 5M stoch and see how much affect the down has on the price...hopefully it affects the 15M stoch to some degree.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Well I closed the position with some loss. It's a demo account and Im learning. Now waiting for the next long setup. THE KEY IS: "PATIENCE".

Thank you !

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Spudfyre,

I used your system last night and early this morning (I am in Toronto).

In both I put my limit at +10 pips. End result: I am +20 pips positive. This morning trade took less than 15 mins. I opened it, took a shower, and checked my chart: + 10 pips. Shaved and left for my 9-5 job with a smile on my face.

Reading your previous analysis I realize that I might have been lucky with my trade this morning. I will continue to look for perfect setups, and be sure I am confident with your system, which is working very well.

Thanks a lot for sharing your document!!!!

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Hi Spudfyre, i've read a little on your Stoch write up and likens to the idea.

Looks like the 3 mentioned charts lined up below 20 and while we're waiting for mr 4H to lead our hand, does it mean we might only see a long signal after the 4H is up, hence sometimes you would set buy or sell limits if you see optimum trades coming up but have to leave your computer.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
The problem of above 80 and below 20 is that stochastics react in a different way then on the way between 20-80 or vice versa.  There can be HUGE pip movement under the 20 or over the 80 line that can bury you if you get in a trade too early.  If you look back at the early part of the journal I made an early entry and the effects were riding out a 53 pip draw down.

You really want to wait for the stoch lines to come up across the 20 before going long and prefer the 4H chart to be leading our trip up.  When it doesn't happen like that, you simply create more risk for yourself.

The biggest, hardest, most human error cause of failure with stochastics is to jump in too early because they tell us so much of what will happen....but you have to wait for it to happen.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Spudfyre, Just got done reading your trading guide. When i first started out trading this is what I was looking at mostly....stochastics. Your insight is so simple yet effective and fundamental. Thank you for the time that you have spent writing this up and answering us other traders questions. I look forward to getting back to stoch trading. Cheers...

--- 帖子 #180 ---
I'm going to re-address the 80/20 lines as there is reason to my madness for waiting until we trade above the 20 or below the 80.

Without doing the math, you will notice that stochastics rarely ever reach zero (0) or 100.

The stochastic is very linear between 80 and 20.  That means it reacts almost on a 1:1 basis with price movement within this range.  If this linear relationship held, it would mean that in a long situation the stochastic would plaster itself at 100 and stay there as the price continued to keep rising in a long trend.  This of course does not happen.

Using a long trend as an example.  When the stochastic rises above 80, it is no longer in 1:1 ratio with price movement.  In fact the stochastic resistance for upward movement increases exponentially as price rises.  This is why we rarely ever see the stochastic hit 100.

I'm simplifying this quite a bit because the stochastic and price don't really move 1:1 both up and down.  Movement differs in the stochastic with the strength in the upward or downward trend relative to the trend of the price.  This is what makes it such a powerful tool.

So in a long trend as the price continues to move up the stochastic keeps resisting moving up and amplifies movement down.  This can throw a trader off as they see any reverse movement as more significant than it really is while looking at movement in the same direction as weakening.  Usually the exact opposite is true.

The danger of entering a trade when the stochastics are below the 20 line, for example is that the price could continue to drop a huge amount.

Over 3 or 4 time frames with the price above the 20 line in a long trade (and under 80), you have reaction time and predictability on your side.

This is why I STRONGLY recommend you not enter any trades with stochs in the above 80 or below 20 range.  There is obviously much more significance with a 4H chart in the above 80/below 20 zones than a 15M chart.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
As I write this;  what we have now is a promising looking long trend forming...or do we?

Look at it more closely. The 15M is up, the 30M is just over 20 and the 1H is still below 20 whipsawing.  The 4H is till downward trending towards 20.

Right now our little voice is saying "jump in the long trade and grab those pips before it is too late".

Spud's voice is saying to you "Wait".

Look at the 15M chart below.  Notice something about the price move and the stochastic move?  The stochastic hardly moved up while, the price is still moving down in a small trend like fashion.  That's a weak 15M up stochastic forming.  as the 15M stoch moves up price is not reacting well upwards.

Look deeper at the effect the 15M upward move has on the 30M and 1H over the next 15-30 minutes and you'll have an answer to why this is a horrible chance to make a long trade.

If the 30/1H do respond...then we waited for the stochastics to show us the way.  If we jump in now, we are reacting to what we think the stochastics will do.

There is a small wait for the 1H to get above 20 and the 15/30 to be in agreement above 20 to react to making a long trade.  You won't lose anything if you wait.  I'd wager a guess if you went long now before the stochs react that you have about an 80% chance of taking a loss.

During the time I typed this the 30M and 1H gained support for more down movement in price....it is very small but you can see it.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
I have two brokers (demo accounts) for metatrader. One is Alpari and the other is Interbank. It seems that the 4H candles change at different times and  on my Alpari platform the 4H stoch is under the 20 line pointing down and on my Interbank platform is above 20 (30 area) also pointing down. Which one is the "correct" one?

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Look at the 15M as it finished 1 candle.  The price line is at 233.75.

Notice how little the stochastic moved from 233.75 to the low peak in price versus how much the stochastic moved up to go back up to the 233.75 price from the low peak.

That's another indicator of a stronger down move than up move.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
I'd check the stoch settings for Alpari...the Interbank is the right one...well at least I see the 4H at around 39.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Spud, please keep this awesome analysis up. I am learning sooo much right now from your posts. Especially since I can follow along real-time.

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Our 4H is almost at the 20 line...finally.  We'll have to keep an eye out now for our long trade to start to form.  Only draw back is going to be the holiday weekend...hopefully we can get entrenched in a nice trade before then.

--- 帖子 #187 ---
So, since the 4hr is approaching 20, do you think the 15m, 30m, and 1hr will come back down below 20 and then all of them move up at the same time?

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Thank you for the indicator Spudfyre...

Since yesterday I was burning my eyes searching the net for a broker that would offer the lowest spread for GBP/JPY... and a reliable service... my eyes are still with me, but very stiff... *smile*...

And I trust both will come to be... the SpudFund idea... and SpudTS [Trading System] being traded in your live Trading/Chat Room [interactive - we would have the same setup on our computers as you do, and we would hear your comentary]... and the chat scenario, I believe, would be most beneficial to all... but I guess will need to wait until you decide the core group is ready to make that move... we'll be waiting...

Is good to see students starting to make initial pips with you... congratulations to All... top students may become a faculty members at SpudTS chat room... just a thought

I am still struggling with this "lowest" GBP/JPY pips thing I am searching for [most of brokers offer 6-10 PIPs spreads]... there are a few with low spreads...  am not sure though how good these brokers are...

2 PIPs @ forex-swiss . com

1-3 PIPs + commission @ hotspotfx . com

Currenex Platform @ neuimex . com [have emailed them for spreads]

Traders say spreads are quite important... everything I presume is... spread... speed of execution... reliability... charts... ease of use... etc...

Do we have someone here who went already through what I am trying to achieve and give me some hints... currently my MT4 demo is with Alpari [I like it, but execution is very slow... spreads are lower at MIG, but Stops are higher]... and at Oanda [execution is relatively fast, but bear bone charts/indicators]...

I'd like to catch up with all who are already trading... and start making my pips ASAP... any thoughts on which broker I should settle with...?

Your input will be greatly appreciated... Tks

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I pretty much have resigned my self to trading with a 10 pip spread from brokers for GBPJPY, but would like to know if anyone has better.

I far more enjoyed trading when it was a fixed spread versus this fluctuating spread stuff.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
I see Spud = Speed...

will be back in a bit...

--- 帖子 #191 ---
I have two brokers ACM and MBTrading. I use the ACM account to trade the news, like NFP and MPRC announcements and the MBTrading for the bulk of my trades. ACM has an 8 pip spread and MBT has a fluctuation of 1-6 or more but usually during all hours except for news it is 1-6.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
I trade with Interbank and have not seen anything greater than an 8 pip spread on this pair. I have not traded this pair on news, however, and other Interbank spreads open widely on news announcements. I am sure that the same happens with GBPJPY.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Oanda: GBP/JPY 6.5 pip spread.

Nice going Spud.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Hey spud, I trade the aud/usd primarily. I just wanted to tell you that I've used your multiple stochs at 5,3,3 five times now on the aussie and have had 5 winning trades. You probably don't have the huge pip gain potential that you do with g/u but it seems to be accurate with that currency pair as well. Total pips on 5 trades: 61.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Looks like the markets are going quiet for the holiday.  May have to pack it in and wait until they re-open.  Happy Easter to all.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Call EFXgroup.com for details, but I am currently showing 3 pip spread plus a small fee for this pair.  Price works out to about 4-5 pips.  Details may be had by speaking with them directly.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Thank you on behalf of all of us... and... HAPPY EASTER to you and your family from us all... have a great weekend... of course we will still be pocking around a bit here... and if I will get something on "low" spread, I will post... am still searching...

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Don't forget that FX and bond markets are open tomorrow, and the NFP report is still being released.

Might not be the best time to trade as thin markets can be unpredictable.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Good work damian.

I've just eyeballed the AUD charts and I'm at a bit of a loss as to where your trades came from.

Could you post charts that relate to one of them.

Thanks,

G-Man

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Is there a trade forming on the Euro/Jpy right now, stoch seems to be setting up nicely for a short? Any insight?

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Hi,

Have learned a lot from reading your info on stochastics, thanks, I use VT Trader and they have an 8 pip spread on the GBP/JPY pair.

Thanks again, Happy Easter.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
I think this is about the best for a honest broker anyway. Fastbrokers has Metrader4 fixed spread for 6 pips. They also have have a 3 spread that is Metrader4 true ECN but commissions are applied to it, but depending on your volume it still is a good deal, better overrall then MBtradings high commissions.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
I think this is a great system

And I would highly indorse it.

I really like the fact the teaching is so clear!!

of coarse my system is baced on the same Ideas

its an old idea...but both are a little differant.

I think this one is great esp. for new traders

it is a good & long studied way to trade

this one is a little more pure to that idea

it is the old & faithful "top down"

in fact I was glad to see the vernerable Peter Bain

do the same thing with "his Macd" that is done here

on his daily teaching today
(oooop.. it is on todays teaching but it is from
Nov.15,2006 called "who could have guessed.." & its on the pound/dollar)

& he is likely the most well know 4X teaching!!
http://www.forexmentor.com/sampler/

so I think this thread would be a great place to learn

& I personally like Stoch a lot better then the macd

and when I began my thread

it was to show the holy grail of trading is MTF

& this great tread show that again!!

Good luck in trading

Spudfyre keep up the good work!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #204 ---
I like this method a lot. Thank's Spud.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
You said it TEB!  ...."the holy grail of trading is MTF".    I've read your thread and thought it got to the heart of the matter with using simple MTF.

I am trying to help people make pips...even pip for a living or at least show that it can be done.  This is about as tried and true in trading as it gets I think....hopefully I can explain to people how to use it productively and avoid the pitfalls.

Thanks for the nice remarks.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Thanks for contributing Forex1man... I looked a them in the past, checked them now, and spoke with them...

they are installing a new website... for now its fastbrokersfx ... I will need to check what the rates will be during the week... fxcm also just announced the reduction of rates... but what is most interesting, is that fastbrokersfx also have NZD/JPY...

Spud... just imagine... ... ... ... Bank Interest... ... ... ... Differential

...........GBP/JPY... .... ... BOE 5.25% / BOJ 0.50% ... ... 4.75%

...........NZD/JPY... ... ...RBNZ 7.50% / BOJ 0.50% ... ... 7.00%

Shouldn't NZD/JPY be even a better rider for SpudTS...?

I will check this broker's London/NY session's rates next week... and if they are low... fastbrokersfx may be the broker I will settle with [will check the fxcm spreads as well]...

--- 帖子 #207 ---
I will give a  for fastbrokersfx as well. They are putting in an entirely new datacenter this weekend to really tighten things up.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
I believe the main reason to trade the gbpjpy is the daily range of possible pips that could be taken. Nothing beats gbpjpy it is about 3 times more then nzd/jpy, also another good trade is aud/jpy and the next best to the gbpjpy is the eur/jpy. They will all work like because of their relationships to the usd are the same. I have spent a lot of time trading and studying gbpjpy myself and trade it almost entirely by itself and with using the gbp and jy for finding direction. Now with this master thread much more successfully also. A little hint to help here to trading the gbpjpy, watch also for both the gbp and jpy for moving in the same direction at the same time for short periods of time. That will cause the gbpjpy to move very fast and quickly at a ratio of 2 to 1 of their movement. Doesn't happen a lot but enough to pick up several pips on the side. Understanding more about this pair and this thread should be all you will ever need to be success.  Let's make some pips.....

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Thanks for clarification on NZD/JPY Forex1man... long live the GBP/JPY [with low spreads] ... I played a bit [oanda demo account] with EUR/JPY... quite like it... made a lot... and lost more than that... didn't have much rules/system to work with then...

now, thanks to Igor, Ramdas and Spud... I feel much more confident... and will put all what I have learned to GBP/JPY and SpudTS... it may be that SpudTS is all what I will need... it is hard though to eliminate some, from what may be otherwise a good combination of them all... in order of learning [Igor's Pivot and Camarilla Lines... Ramds's 6SMAs... and Spud's Stochs]... my search should be over now... and all I need, is... practice, practice, practice... thank you guys!!! ... and Spud, your Stochs are the base from which, I hope, all the new and good thinks will start to happen in my life...

Forex1man... "watch also for both the gbp and jpy for moving in the same direction"... on my MT4 I only have currency pairs... what should I do to also watch gbp and jpy...? one per single chart...? where should I go to see it...? -tks... PS: Spud is referring to "fast moves" as well... now we know why they may be happening... but where/what should I watch for the separated gbp and jpy moves...

--- 帖子 #210 ---
I am glad to answer this question here and any others but.. this is Spud's thread and as we all know he has worked and is working hard to sincerely help everyone use stochastics to trade with. So, I don't want to get questions started that don't relate to his concept. I am sure you likewise feel the same. I will look into starting another thread to address some of my findings regarding trading the gbpjpy that will benefit all but let's not muddy up the beautiful waters that spud has here.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Be wary of price shifting by those firms with very tight spreads if they are acting as market makers.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
You are right... it is Spud's thread... and we do not want other TSs being discussed in detail here... however, hints that would help us all do better maybe could have a few lines... items such as "where are the lowest spreads"... and... what you have said about "fast" gbp and jpy...

Spud... sorry if I said too much about what TSs I have experienced in my short learning... thanks!

and C.E.O... and everybody else... when posting some news item... just post a link, not a BIG graphic... graphics should be related only to SpudTS system... would you mind removing your graphic and putting a link only... -tks

Howard... I am also looking into ECN spreads [hotspots]... when will have the answer will post...

--- 帖子 #213 ---
I'm reading with interest this journal and what to thank SpudFyre for his great ability to teach difficult insight in a really simple way easily to understand. I hope that he will continue to stay here for a long time to help us to improve our trading

Moreover I'd like to give my little contribute here, sharing this cool Stochastic indicator that give a whole overview about all different stoch timeframe in a single window , hope you like it

Cya,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Thanks for posting the indicator.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Hello Spud,

I tried your entry on Friday for the GBP/JPY.  Put 28 pips in my account.  In hindsight, I should have waited a little longer.  The 15M, 30M, and the 4H agreed, while the 1H didn't. It finally came around, but not before I sat through a small draw down.  Lesson learned; follow the rules and let the market set the timing.

Thanks again for sharing your system.

Regards,

Clansman

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Spud,

Great work! I have been following TEB's thread for a while and stumbled upon yours as a result. The 2 tie in beautifully together. What I have learned from yours is the use of the 15/30 together where as TEB just uses a 4hr/30min. The 15 really helps alot!

A question for you to clarify.... In your doc you stated the smaller time frames build the larger, but it seems the 4hr is in the drivers seat here. I'm not arguing because I believe in trading the direction of the 4hr when the 30/15 line up with it. If the smaller where leading the larger it would seem we would ignore the 4hr and take all trades based on the 5/15/30.

Just an observation. I have a feel on when to trade the stochs due to experience, but I think this issue may confuse some new traders.

Again, GREAT WORK!!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Good point.  The 4H is definitely our first signal to look for.  However, what I was trying to make clear is just because the 4H is popping above 20 in a long trade you need to look at what the 15M/30M/1H are doing.

Let's say that the 4H shows us a long at the 20 line and is headed up but the 15 and 30 are at the top headed down...and say the 1H is about at the 40 level headed up.  What to watch out for is the effect the 15/30 have on the 1H/4H.  If the 15/30 are moving the 4H down then they are going to push the 4H down...along with the 1H.

The 4H although a good trigger, is not a good trend setter....unless everything before it is pushing the trend in the direction the 4H is headed.  I believe it is a mistake to think because the 4H is trending in a direction...this is the trend.

This is not the case.  The 15M/30M may cycle 10 times between 20-80 during a 4H candle....if say the down movement of the 15/30 is stronger than the up cycles than you have to be wary that the 4H is going to go down.  It is what the 15/30 are doing that will shape the 4H.  The problem with the 4H is that it does not react in a way to give you that early indication.

Back to the bigger picture of all time frames....this is why you get an escalator effect when all are in sync.  Basically the 15M hits the first floor, then you hop on the 30M to the second floor, the 1H takes you to the 3rd floor and it is a good time to get off the escalator because more than likely the effects of the 15/30 going back down are going to start to influence the 4H (sooner or later).....if the 4H is still going up.....hop back on the escalator when the 15/30/1H are at the bottom again.

Hopefully that helps explain it better?

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Spud,

Perfect explanation on how lower timeframes (15 - M30) effect the higher timeframe (H4). You must have been a professor in your previous life. Keep up the good work man.

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Hi Spud,

Just some thoughts about "the escalator" idea as it pertains to candles.  I have thought for a long time that it is important to see the formation of a candle (or bar) in light of its smaller time frame candles.

[Note: I don't intend to distract from your discussion about Stochs, but am agreeing with you from a different angle]

So what I mean is that it is important to see how a given period (whether 1 hour, 4 hour or whatever) is made up smaller periods.  For example, a trader could look at two H4 candles of the same size and the same length wicks and tails, yet each H4 candle could be made up of entirely different H1 candle patterns.   The same is true with a Stoch wave in a larger TF potentially being composed of many different Stoch waves from its smaller TFs.

Perhaps there is some indicator or charting device that could show a current candle that shifts and changes based on the latest price move.  To illustrate - Take an H1 candle that changes its form every 15 minutes by dropping off the earliest 15 minute period and adding the newest 15 minute period.

This whole idea is based on the absolutely need to trade with MTFs and that a most current analysis is most important.

I believe how your information is greatly beneficial is in training the mind to analyze price action in a multiple time mindset.  Using Stochs or any indicator in one TF and therefore in isolation will not yield success.

* What I like about your approach is how you can visualize a Stoch's behavior in lower TFs influencing the Stoch in a higher TF.

* The other thing I like is how you analyze the Stochs in terms of what is happening now instead of, as some traders do, being overly influenced by what happened a couple of days ago or even yesterday or over-anticipating what price may do in future TFs.

Thanks for your contributions.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Hello Spud,

thanks so much for your lessons and the system. I am approaching the trades by your system from the other end. I always look at the 4h first - if the stoch. on this time frame is going from the 20 up, I am then waiting for the other time frames to agree to enter a buy position, I am not even considering to sell. Is this wrong? Also, do you always wait for the stoch. to turn from above 80 or from below 20? On 4h, or all?

Thanks again.

May the pips be with you.

Pluto2

--- 帖子 #221 ---
You hit the nail on the head.  There is no way to "predict" price movement other than we know statistically price will move a certain way given certain indications over a certain amount of the time.

It would make sense then, that the older your data has less influence over  the current price.  Having said that, patterns that do occur in the past are like any indication representing a statistical probability of a future movement.  The question to using old data is how well does that indication work and does the trader know it?

Stochastics actually work on the past lowest low, and highest high in their formula over the time period we choose.  This already takes in account the past movement, especially as we use it over multiple time frames.  Therefore adding the past into the equation in some other form is like looking back and multiplying the effect of the past on your decision making.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Wow, what a great follow up question and perfect timing to the previous statement and my response.

You are right and you have it perfectly correct...you look at the 4H first as your indicator...or trigger if you like.  This is the manner to set up the optimum trade.

Statistically the 4H price is telling us where it has to go...crossing up across the 20...obviously long....however that does not mean it will stay in a long trend.

That is why as you say we wait for the other 3 time frames to be in the "up" position all above 20 themselves and moving up.  From this point on they will decide the 4H's movement.

The statistical odds of all reversing (15M/30M/1H)  in making a down move that also pushes the 4H down is small.  That does not mean the 15M may not turn down, but if it does we can watch the effect on the 30/1H and 4H to know if the move is going to be a burp, if we are on a scenic tour, or if the price is going to take a big dip before it plays back to our favour.

The reason we wait for all 4 time frames to be above 20 in a long or below 80 in a short trade is that our odds of suffering a loss or reversal from all 4 time frames reversing is almost non-existent.

In fact if you want a good challenge, try to find 4 stochastics over 4 time frames that meet this criteria and see how many times all 4, or even 3 time frames reverse back on themselves to cross the 80/20 line again.

What I have put in here is the "safest" way you can make pips on a consistent basis.  You can start "having fun" and enter on only 3 time frames, or use only the 15/30 as an indicator as long as the 1H or 4H is in the same trend....but your loss rate will increase the further away you get from the "optimum" trade I showed you.  So you have to bear that in mind.

As I'll probably put in here 1,000 more times...the hardest thing about trading the way I suggest is waiting for the trade to come to you and not getting too eager or ahead of the game.  You will see hundreds of missed opportunities because the 15/30 lined up, or the 15/30/1H lined up...that's ok.....realize that if you trade aiming for the "optimum" examples you are going to have more than enough opportunity and pips in your pocket to control your pip value and income.  If you trade the other opportunities you may be like me, trading for the fun or excitement of the trade...but realize it's a much larger risk and your understanding of reading stochastics will need to be that much better to have success in those trades.

That too doesn't mean a 3 time frame trade is such a huge risk I wouldn't trade it....it isn't a bad trade.....just be diligent as to you where you are in relation to the overall price trend.  Trading long against a short trend is not the best idea with 3 time frames....and worse with 2 time frames.....but can be a good idea with 4 time frames.  A trend can save your butt if you fall victim to an early trade if you use less time frames.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Spud, you continue to amaze me. I eagerly check my computer all day long to see if you've posted something new. That's because every time you do, I feel like I'm one step closer to being a truely successful trader. Thanks for passing on your knowledge. I'm sure we'll have many questions in the coming weeks, but your responses are molding us all into better traders...

--- 帖子 #224 ---
yeah SPUD for president!

--- 帖子 #225 ---
There seems to be some confusion from the PM's I have received on trade entry and exit.  With reference to the 15M/30M/1H/4H time frames:

We always use the 4H to signal our entry possibility first and to enter the trade ALL our remaining time frames are in sync with our 4H before we trade.

When we have entered a trade our focus is on the 15M time frame first.

The most important thing you can remember is that the shorter time frames will determine the longer time frame movements.

The big mistake will be to believe because the longer time frame is moving up it is in an up trend and the shorter time frames will follow.

If you don't understand what that means..ask me!  This is extremely important to understand.

When the 15M peaks (80 long; 20 short) you can either exit or move your focus to the next higher time frame...in this case the 30M.  Repeat until 1H or until you feel you have enough pips.  There is more risk the longer you go.  Never trade the 4H.

During the trade the 15M is likely to move against you either as it moves up to the 80 or after it hits 80.  This is where you must pay attention to the effect the shorter time frame moves have on the longer time frames.  In many instances you will find that even if the 15M drops from 80 to 20 in a long trade, there is no large effect on the 30M or 1H time frames.  If the 15/30 make strong moves against you then you have to pay close attention to what the 1H/4H charts are doing.

Your safety net in a long trade as an example,  is how close the 1H and 4H stochastics are to the 20 line.  Any move against you has far less chance of sustaining that move.  Watch the 15M/30M in such a situation as when they go up this is in your favour in a long trade and should push up the 1H and 4H.  The further the 1H and 4H get from the 20 line in a long trade the more danger you are in of a reversal or reverse move that you cannpt recover from.

It is extremely dangerous to enter a short trade with any time frame stoch above 80 or in a long trade below 20.

Don't be greedy and always protect your pip profits.  It is better to win more times with less pips than losing more trying to gain more pips.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Spud,

Thanks for taking the time to put this together so clearly.  I've learned a lot, and un-learned some things - I paid good money to be taught wrong!

I've made a slight mod to the bar end time indicator so it will clean the screen when removed.  My minor contribution.

Rob

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Spud,

Very nice job of putting all of this together and explaining it clearly.  Big thanks!

For those still learning to spot good entry setups, here is a trick I use to cover up price so I can only focus on what the Stochs are telling me:

(This is for MT4)

Right click on the chart and go to Properties>Colors.  In the Line Graph pulldown, select Black (if you use a black background, or whatever color matches your background color) for the Line Graph color and when you select Line Graph as the price indicator this will hide the price from you.  This allows you to go back in time looking at setups without the bias of knowing what price was doing.  When you think you have found a good setup, choose either Bar or Candle (whatever you normally use for price indicator) and then price will appear and you can objectively judge your performance.

Hope this helps,

Randy

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Your safety net in a long trade as an example, is how close the 1H and 4H stochastics are to the 20 line. Any move against you has far less chance of sustaining that move. Watch the 15M/30M in such a situation as when they go up this is in your favour in a long trade and should push up the 1H and 4H. The further the 1H and 4H get from the 20 line in a long trade the more danger you are in of a reversal or reverse move that you cannpt recover from.

Hi Spud,

Just to make sure I got this quote from yours right: The ideal setup will be when all TF's are pointing up (in a long position), all of them are between the 20 & 80 line, and the 1HR and 4Hr stochs are very close to the 20 line (but above it)? And the further they move from the 20 line the higher the risk?

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Yes, all the time frames should be going up and above 20 in a long trade.  The closer they all are to 20 the better....but it usually doesn't workout that nicely.  Just keep in mind where everything is and the effects each is having on the other and you will be able to get a much better "feel" for what is happening.

The safety statement is pretty general but logical....if the stochs are down there and already came up from below 20 on the way up...they really don't have much place to go against you...as compared to if they are the 50 level as an example.

I realize I am typing out specifics and you must realize that learning to feel how the stochastic behaves and their effect on each other is your most powerful tool.

I'm telling you trade all time frames above 20 on a long because it is a safe move that will win you pips.  My goal is to get people winning.

As you trade this way live you will learn as you go and get the feel of stochastics and how they are moving and affecting each other.  You can only do this live I'm afraid which is why I strongly suggest that we always practice, practice, practice with the stochastics...even if not trading.  Just try and predict what will happen and study why it did or didn't do what you thought.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
That's a great idea Randy.

One thing I used to do was print the charts out and cover up the price and the stochastic and start left to right predicting what both would do from how they moved.

An interesting endeavor is to try it with just 2 time frames, but mix and match them...like 15M/4H or 30M/4H or 15M/30M and see how much your accuracy varies with certain time frame combinations or the lack of a specific time frame.  You'll soon understand why it is better to wait for the trade to come to you than trying to predict and catch the move early.

Also learn to recognize divergences with the price and stochastic...it's a wonderful tool for catching a good move.  You usually only see a divergence on one time frame.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Hey Spud,

I am a "tweaker" by nature, so I have been looking at ways of improving upon your system.  Let me tell you that I was hard-pressed to find something to improve upon, but I did think this would be helpful to everyone.

What if instead of using 4 charts, we just put 4 stochastics on 1 chart?

Well then, let's make them the equivalency of having 4 charts then.

SO,

Stochastics(5,3,3) for 15 minute

Stochastics(10,3,3) for 30 minute (5x2)

Stochastics(20,3,3) for 1 hour (5x4)

Stochastics(80,3,3) for 4 hour (5x16)

I think this will make our "chart glancing" more efficient, and potentially allow us to trade more pairs using your technique.  I believe all the same rules will apply, and from what I can tell, the same signals come up as "ideal" trades.

Regards,

Kevin

PS

I am now realizing my logic may be off here.  The 3's in the parameter settings will have to changed as well, and does not seem to be yielding quite as accurate results when multiplied by the appropriate ratio.  Anyone else have some thoughts on this?

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Interesting idea but I think there is a snag.   The most recent close is coming from only the 15 minute chart which would skew the numbers, because the 30M/1H/4H charts would have different recent close numbers in the calculation.  As you get further out in time that error would increase significantly to say the 4H chart.  the 3-day averages would be trickier I think as they would have to be modified for each time period given where the current time is and the number of periods in each.

Secret is to earn enough pips to have 4 monitors

--- 帖子 #233 ---
LOL

Well I am hoping to get to that point soon!  Thanks for your always prompt feedback, and I really appreciate what you've done here.

Regards,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #234 ---
This is my only thank you message to Spudfyre and participants....(so as not to clutter this thread...will only post when useful question arises or i have something useful to add)...just couldn't help thankingyou for giving me a dfferent perspective...i've applied MTS systems before...but the way you interconnected the MTF's so clearly and logically its almost impossible not to use that whenever one trades...its just watching a brick wall being built ( alittle more exciting)...u know that one on top of the other  eventually will give you the wall u expect to see....

..don;t know about the analohy but i tried....Thanx again.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
This is all great stuff

& in princible it is a 100% and its great to know this stuff

you are a great teacher

but in fact in the real world it works in the reverse

the 4 hour is way better then the 15 min chart & stoch

& the reason is not about time  frame

but the traders in that time frame

the 15 min stoch speaks of us small traders & we can change on a dime

the 4 hour is the big boys & the funds

& the day is the banks &  countries

& for them to let their TF change would cost them  $100000000 of dallors

so they will not let it change - because they would be betting against theself

bro. it is way easier to see a trend on a month chart  a 15 min chart for that reason-

& that is why I would take the trend off the 4 hour chart & not the 15 min chart

because its the big boys with $10000000000000000000 of dallors

or us with 1000

the way you are doing it you are leaving yourself open to the small trend

& getting hit with the big D from the higher charts!

gone till Monday

TEB

--- 帖子 #236 ---
interesting theory, TEB

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Hi TEB where's your source on this info or is this just your opinion (of course we are all entitled to one)? I'm just curious. We all know there are ALOT of thoeries regarding whats really going on  behind the scenes with FOREX ...some info that we are not privy to.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
I agree with Teb about the 4hr and daily TF's. However there is great validity using the 15/30 as described by Spud. Look at the daily and 4 hr to get a trend. Then take the trade when the 15/30 are in agreement with the 4hr as Spud does. From there use the escalator theory for taking profit.

B.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Everything you say is absolutely correct about trends.  This is why I say that we use the 4H to look for our trade to start.  We want to enter in a strong trend.

However, what happens to the next candle of the 4H is soley based on what the 15M/30M/1H movements do.  The 4H will not dictate how the lower time frames are going to move next.  The big boys don't trade simultaneously.

The 4H is a constant zig zag on it's way down and up and few small traders can ride the highs and lows from bottom to top.

So, what we are trying to do is enter on the 4H strong trend.  Then we want to ride that trend and be "safe" doing it so we win.

With the other time frames in sync we can progress down the line 15-30-1H growing into the strong trend or from my point of view continuing to build the trend.......but we also know that as we move down the line the shorter time frames will be reversing within the 4H trend as the stochastic expires and turns at the peak of it's current cycle.

So what we want to avoid is riding a 1H reversal move that wipes out all our pip profit or takes us into a loss....which we are in far greater risk of when the short frames are moving against the long term trend.  Again it is the short term that will be affected by the short term moves...not the long trend.

As such, we know that if we went long in the 4H and the 15/30/1H all go long then we are pretty well assurred of making pips.

If on the other hand all the time frames reverse...that reversal is not going to start at the 4H...it will start at the 15M and then progress to the 30M and then the 1H...eventually showing it's ugly side on the 4H. Keep in context I am working within our trade.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Spud you never ceased to amaze me this is some good stuff. Thanks for pming me and answering my question....

--- 帖子 #241 ---
I'm practicing with the strategy. Is this a good setup?

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Not the best.  It's ok but better to wait for another cycle where the 15/30 get back to the top and see where things are at.

The price is really flat at the moment so I would just wait.  Given the holiday weekend things are probably rather thin.  Normally I would trade that set up...just not on a day like today.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Thanks Spudfyre. That's probably why I'm -20 pips now.

Very nice system you have here and thank you so much for sharing.

Do you know the best time to trade this method of yours in EST time?

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hi Skyline,

Can you please add a pop-up and email alert to your indicator so I can

attach it to all currency? The rules are, send an alert when the 15M, 30M,

1HR and 4HR are all in overbought or oversold territory.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Hi meltri, that's not my indicator I found it over internet

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Best time is usually 4 am to noon EST.  Worst time is 5- 7 pm EST

--- 帖子 #247 ---
I've got this put together in a separate indicator, but the compiler isn't running today on Interbank, so I can't compile or test.  Will post when finished.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
What I am saying is no it is not.

Because the 15 candles deals with small day traders 1% of the market maybe

& the 4 hour deals with big treader -25% market maybe

& the big traders never look @ 15 candles they could care less

they are like lions & we mice" ..

the lions never look to the mice...too small

but believe me the mice look to the loins.

if you are using the 4 hour chart for trend you need a cover chart above it

the day chart (75% of the market or more)

the 4 hour chart can not turn till the day traders have taken proffit not the 15 min traders.

the market always moves from top down because the top is where the money is

- the day chart is the banks & countries & as long as they are pushing a pair one way

it must go that way.

the fund traders on the 4 hour chart can not move the trend in the opp way

(they can push it a 10-20 pips for stop hunting & maybe maybe 40-50 pips for option)

but in the end it must come back to the day trend - till the really big boys want it to change & that can only happen after they have made proffit & got out... (you see them get out with what I call really big tails ) & they do that through the news events esp interest Rate news events.

15 min chart & the 4 hour chart are diff worlds

the 4 hour chart world does effect 15 min world a great deal

But the 15 min charts world does not effect the 4 hour chart world at all

let alone the day world chart.

all 3 are in differant worlds.

& that is why it might be good to want to see what the 3 worlds are doing.

the bankers - the funds - & the day traders

just a thought - got to go

--- 帖子 #249 ---
TEB, your whole post is great info, makes sense.

However, I think all that Spud is saying, as I understand it, is that the daily chart isn't going anywhere the 4H didn't go.  Smaller, short term moves add up to bigger, long term moves.  Short term moves are easier to see on short term charts.

We want to trade off the longer term, but we don't want short-term whipsaws to take our profits.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
OK, this seems to be working. Had to download and reinstall Interbank to get the compiler working.

Here's what it does.

Attach to any chart, any timeframe. It will use the pair from the chart it is on, but uses its own timeframe settings.

Set the high limit and low limit. Default are 80 and 20, respectively.

If the 5,3,3 stochastic main and signal are all below the low limit, or all above the high limit, on the 15, 30, 1H, and 4H, you will get a popup alert and, if the Sound option is true, will play a sound.

It will give the alert again on the next bar.

If EmailAlert is set to True, it will send one email. You will have to re-initiate the indicator or it won't send another email. Detach and re-attach.

QUESTION: Should I make it so that if any 3 adjacent timeframes agree, the alarm sounds?

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Eewww that's cool.  Here are my suggestions for alarms and indications:

30M/1H - short if they both went above 80 and are now below 80 moving back down...usually the 30 leads the 1H.  Long vice versa.

15/30/1H - same as above but all 3 time frames

15/30/1H/4H - alarm when 4H only goes above 80 and comes down across 80 again.  Alarm when 30m/1H or 15/30/1H do as above.

I would suggest you look only at the close of the candles so that the move is confirmed.

A different alarm when they hit the opposite level...i.e. when the 15M goes from 80 and hits 20.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
No its the reverse

the 4 hour chart is not going anywhere the day chart is not going

because the day chart shows the really big money

& the weekly the even bigger money etc.

The 4X always moves from the top down

believe me the big boys down lose money

& they are not surprised -

& they can only get out of a market slowly
you must understand that  this is the key.

if they tried to dump millions or billions it would drop the price against them

and they would lose money

that is why they must use the big news events to get out of a pair

because that is the only time they can dump money

& not have it go against them..

ie the big tails

ie 9/11 the Dollar dropped...big time

for no reason really - that may surpise some people

but for the fact the 15 min  & 30 min  chart traders paniced

but the 4 hour traders where bussy buying

why because the day trend & the 4 hour trend where up

& you know they made money hand over fist

now the people following the 15 & 30 min charts lost big time!!

lastly

That is why on a smaller chart you get hit with the big D

because a small down turn on the day chart is a big down turn on the 4 hour

A great massive wave on the 15 min chart.

but if the day chart is up

you are pretty safe on the 15 min chart

because it takes a long time to get out of a billion dollar account

& not price turn against you... and so lose money

TEB

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Hey TEB,

Regardless of the logic of price action, I think Spud is emphasizing STOCHASTICS.  And on this point I would like to say that IT IS TRUE that lower time frame STOCHASTICS do in fact have an impact on higher timeframe STOCHASTICS.  While it is true that forex has some fundamental underlying force guiding all short-term traders, what do you think all those big day candles are made of? They are made of 4 hour candles, 1 hour candles, 30 minute candles, etc.  And this is how stochastics build upon one another.

I see what you are saying, but for the sake of Spud's method, what he is saying is also true.

Regards,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Well, if Spud will say it's okay and coordinate this, some of us could try the D1/H4/H1/M15 setup and see what will it give... it is his thread...

Spud... this one is for you... one day you said... "I resigned to 10 PIPs spreads"... I am still on it, finally by googling "MT4 ECN" and "MT4 Currenex" I located these three top options [6 PIPs or less]... MT4s are at download areas...

option A... am not sure about this company strength
option B... one of the strongest I think [see Prozentor FX Forecasting]
option C... interesting [CATS at 8-10% return/MT ...?]

A word from experienced traders as to which one would be best to open an account with will be appreciated... thanks

*** Good points Kevin...

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Hi TEB

Thanks for sticking to your guns and trying to make your point well.  I think there is no need to continue to thrash this one any longer.

For me the issue is this...Spudfyre has gone out of his way to explain how he trades the gbp/jpy using stochastics over multiple timeframes and he has called a number of live trades to prove that he is trading this method profitably.  He has even made the extra effort to summarise the method in a word document and has made mention that he is very careful to watch the smaller time frames and any possible changes.

When all is told I am more interested in following a method that works and I will pay attention to what Spudfyre has written about the smaller time frames because I prefer not to learn the hard way and I sense that this method is simple and WORKS.

You make valid points regarding the longer time frames and it is obviously important to know what is happening at these levels.  Let's move on and get back to the nitty gritty of Spudfyre's thread and learn to make profits like the author does.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Thanks for the info.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Don't think I could say it better.  Same goes for Blueruby's comment.  I think we are getting a little off the topic here and this will be my final comment on trends...other than to answer anyone's questions relating to how we trade.

What really matters is how we use the information and from my seat I have spelled out how I trade this.  Whether big boys flip the whig on the day chart really doesn't concern me...as long as we make pips.  Whether we make those pips in the up zig or the down zag of the down trending day chart really doesn't matter....we are like an atom in the universe with our trade...you won't even spot our move in the day chart.

When I speak of trends...I speak in the context of our trade window.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Thanks for making your point - I thought we were moving off-topic, too and that really sucks.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Back to trading.  Right now I'm looking for a good down move.  That probably won't happen until tonight or probably tomorrow when things get back up and rocking again in the markets.

So why am I looking down?  Well just to mention trends for a minute...our day trend is headed down so our strongest trades should be in the down direction.

Normally I wouldn't like where the 4H is sitting.  However, this is where reading the stochs come into play more than a mechanical trade.  I expect that the down move is going to be quite good as the 4H stoch hits 20 and curls below 20 and back up to 20.

To play this, will require paying careful attention the the 15/30/1H charts.  I don't want to enter the trade unless I can get at least the 30M/1H in sync on a down move,  If I am wrong, then probably worst thing that will happen is I'll break even.  I'll still be watching the 15M chart to give me a heads up of where the 30M/1H are headed and where we are in the cycle.  I'd prefer that the 15M sync with everything to start the trade but it is likely impossible we'll see the normal sync we like because we are playing a "4H curl"  low in the chart.

I am quite bias at the moment that things will continue down and the effort now is avoiding making too early an entry...want to catch it after its starts moving.  If things go up...I'll re-evaluate.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Whether the price movement is influenced by a larger TF flowing down to a smaller TF or the smaller TFs flowing up to the larger TF is like the old question of "What comes first? The chicken or the egg?"

All things said, I believe Spud's simple and on the mark approach with Stochs is based on one important principle that we all would agree on.

M

T

F

watch, analyze, trade, learn, feel, wait, enter/exit based on observing Multiple Time Frames.  This is key no matter what your belief is about how price moves.

Spud,

What level of importance do you put on the daily Stoch when you have a good trade?

Thanks again,

--- 帖子 #261 ---
TEB and SPUD,

I respect you both and have learned much about MTF and stoch's from you both. I dont see what the bickering is about. It seems you both trade the same way except Spud looks at the 15min and TEB does not. Teb trades from top down while Spud says he trades from bottom up. However, As I highlighted in Spud's comment (and this is not the only example) he clearly states he looks at the higher timeframe for guidance and will take a trade in that direction when the lower timeframes are in agreement. That sounds like top down to me!!!

I think TEB is offering very valid advice and we should take it into consideration when analyzing the market. I dont think he is bashing or shifting focus. These guys trade very much alike, so any comment TEB makes is relevant to this thread.

I am thankful to both Spud and Teb. I'd like to see Teb stick around here and work together with Spud on a Stoch method. Both are good traders. The collaboration could be VERY beneficial to all!!

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Couldn't have said it any better....

--- 帖子 #263 ---
hi,

how to ues this indc Attached Files to email alert .......,http://www.forexfactory.com/images/attach/mq4.gifSpudFyre stochs.mq4

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Detach it to your interbank FX trader 4/experts/indicators folder

Pull down Tools, select options, then select email tab.

Fill in all the blanks and check the enable box

Hit the test button if you want, and see if that works OK.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Hi guys

just a few more thought before I go

1. Any type of MTF trade will win 95% more then any other type of trading

.- from the top or bottom.

2. This is a good system.

3. I said in one of the 1st posted I did yesterday that the way stochs are being tought here is great -

& in princible it is 100% right!!

& if there was one kind of trader and we were all on one playing field this would be an unbelieveable system.!!

4. my point was we are not and as good as the stochs are & I love them

you must use them to understand what is going on in the MTF from them,

that was my point .

- I understand candles & stoch from lower TF make up the higher ones

but more to the point is who is trading on that TF - that is what you need to understand.

- but i was saying money over powers the stoch

ie you may be great with a sword & understand it well -

but if someone brings a gun to the fight- it will over rule the sword no matter how good you are wil it.

the big traders on the bigger TF with more money will over rules the rules for the stochs

& you must understand that.

5. the G/J is great for this system at this time because the 4 hour ,day, week & month are all in one direction- but they are flatening out & I am seeing tails on all the highter time frames so I would say becareful there may be a change in the wind- keep good stops - or it might just be the holiday ?

6. using the 30 min or 15 min stoch is a personal choice - using both I would not do for the simple point both are telling me the same thing from the same group of traders - namely the day traders so I don't see the point -- but that is my system - I do not trade on price but momentum .

this one trades on price & seems to work great

and both clearly win

great stuff spud!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #266 ---
The 15/30 are both at the top, the 1H still lingers low and the 4H is well low.  Keep an eye on what happens to the 1H/4H when the 15/30 come down.

What we would like to see is a fast move down by 15/30 and a slow move down by 1H/4H.  A bonus would be if the 1H diverges and moves up while the 15/30 are moving down.

After that on the up swing we want to see the 15/30/1H head up to the top and the 4H to blip up just a bit.

If all that happens, it will be a great time for a short trade.  If the 4H comes down too low through this cycle, I'll be rethinking the short trade.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Yes, like I said TEB is right in what he said.  I'm just applying things differently here to keep us focused on direction.  This is much the chicken and egg discussion which will go nowhere.  Probably better TEB and I take it from opposite ends...that way we are burning the candle at both ends...how can we lose!

--- 帖子 #268 ---
I use the daily stoch just to get a sense of direction.  Whenever you trade you want to trade with the trend (most of the time  )  So the only use for the daily stoch I have is to know where the trend is going and that is the direction of my safe pips.

When I trade against the daily trend, I am much more cautious and pick my trades with more care.  You can make many more mistakes against the trend, then with it.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Things are looking good.  Just waiting now for the move by the lower time frames to get under 80...should be a nice short trade in the works when that happens.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Thanks for bringing us along.

Starting to smell like trigger time?

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Spud,

As with everyone, thank you very much for your thread and sharing your findings with us in a format that is so easy for new traders to understand.

a queation about what is happening now, 22:28hrs GMT...

The 15, 30 and 1hr are all above the 80 with the 4h still below the 50 coming up. Will this still be a valid trade if the 15,30 and 1 drop below the 80? and if so how far will you run it? Until the 1hr hits the 20 or until you hit your 20 pips profit?

Thank you

James

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Read post 259, you'll understand what I am looking for.

I am going to have to see how the time frames move once in the trade to get a better idea for this exit as I think it may be a good down run.  I'll update here.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
wow....all these guys are viewing this thread, hi there ....good jobe Spud , keep it up

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Are we short yet SpudFyre?

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Entry short @ 234.07

SL: 0

TP: 233.87

working with a 10 pt spread

18:30 EST  15M hit 20..expected early hit at 234.06

adjusted stop loss to 30

18:54 EST took TP down to 233.77

19:05 moved TP back to 20 pips

19:08 moved SL to 0

I'm out with 12 pips

Will update here on this post as trade develops.

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Groovy. I'm short at 06.

Oanda has only a 9 pt spread

Where is your T/P? 233.87?

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Oops typo..yep 233.87

--- 帖子 #278 ---
I'm short too at 234.08 with Fastbrokers and spread is only 6 pips

--- 帖子 #279 ---
These are our results since March 28, 2007

Days Traded: 3

Total Net Pips to Last Completed Trade: 72

Total Trades: 6

Winners: 5

Break-even: 1

Losses: 0

Winning Percentage:  100%

Worst down draw:  53 pips

Daily Goal: 20 pips

Daily Goal Met: 2/2      Today so far: 12

Pips in Pip Bank: 20

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Well was hoping for more, but saw that the 15/30 were starting to turn on us so jumped out with 12 pips.  There will be another cycle so plenty of time to grab 8 pips for the day.

Things are shaping up for a good down trend, so have to keep watching to see if it comes.  When I say good, it will likely be in the 100 pip range...at least that is what I will be aiming for.  May see a push down tonight.  If not we will see what else develops.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Hey Spud,

Nice call on getting out when you did! I am noticing some support @ around 233.88.  Are these things that you take into consideration, or do you strictly focus on stochastics with regards to exits?

I just got off of work, and missed my chance Until the next one

--- 帖子 #282 ---
I eyeball support/resistance levels...they give me an idea where to head to if extending the TP or if bouncing off it I'd likely bail if the stochs make any reverse on me.  I prefer watching price shoot through an S/R level rather than claw its way through...but don't we all

--- 帖子 #283 ---
There is an interest statement scheduled and BOJ Governor Fukui will also be speaking which could affect the pair's price one way or another.  No firm time for the news, however, instead it's tentative which means any old time they choose.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Spud,

Would you please explain how you anticipate a 100 pip decline.

I've drawn all the trend lines; fibos; retracements: candle patterns.....I'll be darned.....I can't spot it.

In the eventuality of a 100 pip decline would it be a good idea to go short at the highest price???

Thank's for your insight...jj/.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
You are drawing too much!

Actually there is a little more to it to detect the bigger trades.....I can't give you all my secrets yet...it starts to get really complicated.....math and all that yucky stuff.

If you see a short as per the rules, get in.  Get out if it fails like our last trade....well that wasn't a failure...just wasn't the big dip yet.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
I live for math ....

Thanks for your reply...jj/.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Looks like we may be waiting on an up swing to run its course.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Why aren't we looking to go long?  Looks like a nearly-ideal setup.

Is the answer because the daily is down?

--- 帖子 #289 ---
[quote=blueruby;267136]Why aren't we looking to go long? Looks like a nearly-ideal setup.

My sentiments exactly.......

--- 帖子 #290 ---
[quote=Scott111552;267142]
I'm sure we'll see.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
It's also bouncing off support with some gusto.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
I believe we are in for a ride short to the 233.10 level give or take some. This may be the start....

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Long is too weak right now.  Want to get out of this rangyness.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Spud,

I included a 50 line on my stochs.  It looks like the 30M is the last to turn.  Is this a good short i.e. with the 15M and 30M turning south at the 50 mark?

jj/.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
its smashed the 1 & 4 hour channel! south

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Something that may be of help to someone I look for reversal candles and continuation candles along with spuds system but as far as reversals sometimes not strong enough to change overall direction thats where stochs come in for strength of direction along with the candles. I hope this makes sense.....

--- 帖子 #297 ---
It may be possible that we see a decline in price toward the end of the month until GBP is due to raise interest rates. What are your thoughts ????....

--- 帖子 #298 ---
It looks as though we are setting up for the optimal short ....

--- 帖子 #299 ---
How is it an optimal short when the 4 hr is trending up just at the 50% mark?

Can someone please tell how this is a short for sure??? I'm confused!!!

B.

:surprised

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Bagovino,

I asked a similar question about the 4H being up before the last short.

The reply from Spud was "Read post 259, you'll understand what I am looking for" which explaines.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Hi Guys

Great thread thanks Spud. Could someone let me know of a metatrader demo account account that uses GMT time.

Thanks

Sam

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Just got back....well I certainy didn't see that coming.

Missed the move long: looks like we' ll have to wait a while for the short.

Bagovino....hope you got in on the move north..you pretty welll had that pegged.

jj/.

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Sam,

FXDD gives a free demo account that is GMT and is very easy to use

http://www.fxdd.com/trading_platforms.html

James

--- 帖子 #304 ---
The 15/30/1H have lined up for a short...the 4H is lagging.  Can be risky but may grab a few pips.

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Wow...  Thats why you trade what you see not what you think....My bad...

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Great system out of 5 trades they were all winners (not to say having a losing trade means bad system...dont get it twisted  )

Still working on how all time frames of stochs works together.

thanks spuds

--- 帖子 #307 ---
This says to me that there's more to the system - if we can't take the signals.

As it turned out, this one was OK, but we need to know why it didn't look good to you, Spud.  Next time it might not be OK.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
It seems that a perfect short setup is forming on GBPUSD, H4/H1/M30 are all overbought and M15 is starting to go down.

Spud any comment on this pair even if you don't like to trade it ?

thx

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Why not just wait for the GJ?  It's setting up too!

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Yeah You're right  But I'm usual to trade also GBPUSD

--- 帖子 #311 ---
just trade it both!

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Actually the system presented here is about as tried and true as you'll get....system didn't miss it....but I did.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
I'm only going to focus on GJ here...otherwise might open  discussion on too many pairs

--- 帖子 #314 ---
The GJ is making a turn...still want to wait for 4H to come around

--- 帖子 #315 ---
I need to read through it all again, and put in my time stoch-watching.

It will take awhile to learn how the 1H and 4H form up in real time, since the change is slow.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
I think it's time. I'm getting better at the waiting. Not long ago, I would have jumped in an hour ago, then sweated it out this whole time.

Or is it looking like we need to wait for another 15 minute cycle?

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Short @ 235.01

Based on 15/30/1H (higher risk)

Got out for 3 pips

It's a slow ride but a good example of an "escalator" from 15-30-1H

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Ditto on that trade.

Came out with +1 a bit early though as 15m was hitting 20 level.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Good grab!

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Are you guys still in the short? I'm waiting for the 15/30 min to reload and come down again.

What do you think Spud?

Bag

--- 帖子 #321 ---
These are our results since March 28, 2007

Days Traded: 4

Total Net Pips to Last Completed Trade: 75

Total Trades: 7

Winners: 6

Break-even: 1

Losses: 0

Winning Percentage:  100%

Worst down draw:  53 pips

Daily Goal: 20 pips

Daily Goal Met: 3/3      Today so far: 3

Pips in Pip Bank: 12

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Spuds,

Any thoughts on my last comment?

B.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
I guess I'm out of the club huh?

B.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Bagovino,

I'm waiting for the same thing.  I'll tell you, sometimes the method is clear to me; but, at times it still manages to confuse me.  Have to look a bit deeper.

Rialto

--- 帖子 #325 ---
So right now the Daily is down. The 4hr is curling down at the 80. 1hr is down. 30min is curling up fron the 20. 15min is whipsaw.....

What is this saying????

My take is the 30 is "Re-Loading" for the next short move. So my strategy would be to wait for the 30min to climb to the 80, curl down and take the short....

What do you guys think?

B.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Yup this is pretty much the setup im waiting on bagovino, waiting for the 4hr to start dipping below the 80 as i never take a trade when its above it.  Looking for similar setups on cable and the euro aswell.

Mike

--- 帖子 #327 ---
I'm still in.  up 27

--- 帖子 #328 ---
I just closed with +23 pips.  Will wait for the 30 min to reload.

Great thread.  Great system.

Thanks to all

P.O.P.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
please could you  say when was or will be optimal entry thx

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Is somebody using this method during the asian and/or th eLondon sessions?

These are th eonly hours I can trade due to my "real" job.

Would like to know if there is somebody at those hours to share ideas.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
I always wonder what funny little guys you have as avatar, he looks really cute

--- 帖子 #332 ---
thx bj

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Look at the charts in Spud's tutorial.

Right now the 15 is just a little higher than we'd like.

The 30 has rounded the corner.

The 1H is not there yet.

The 4 disagrees.

Not optimum.  15/30/1H could align, give you a higher risk entry, but its with the trend, which works for you.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
AlCastro

I am living in Japan and together with my trading partner in the UK we are able to cover all the trading hours.

So far I am able to say that this method is really useful in the Asian session. If you look back at the charts you will notice the same pattern of trading occurs on a regular basis. The price will head one way for about the first 2 hours of the Tokyo market opening then at 04.00 GMT will start to turn. and retrace the opposite direction. Co-incidentally the turning point will be at the H3/H4 or the L3/L4 (Camarilla) S/R lines.

This morning the 15/30/1 hr turns signalled the sell from 234.20 down to 233.71 (L4). At that point the 15/30/1 hr turned north and the climb took it up to 235 + before the 4 hr turned down from the 80. Most pairs that we monitor seem to behave in a similar fashion.

We have been trading using the daily stochastic when it retraces through the 80/20 but with the addition of Spuds method we look as though our success rate is going to be even better.

Thanks Spud.

Dave W

--- 帖子 #335 ---
I will second DaveW, they asian sess traders are trend followers....this system will catch good trades in the session.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
I just closed another with +19 pips. Will wait for the 30 min to reload again.

Great thread. Great system.

Thanks to all

P.O.P.

--- 帖子 #337 ---
nice!

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Hey Bags, you'll never be out of the club!  Sorry I was away this afternoon so couldn't respond.

In answer to why do this or that at different times....I'm confusing some people, eh?  Keep in mind what I put in this journal is my tried a true method of making pips.  My goal being to show people that you can make pips in Forex on a consistent basis.

My fault for stepping out of the "curve" on here.  Many apologies for confusing anyone.

You might remember my desk is covered in indicator parts and I continue to play and manipulate things to always get things better or have a few other tricks to make more pips.

I am thinking I will probably start a new thread sharing some of those ideas so that everyone can use them or have some extra tools.

I will keep this thread strictly for the systems I introduced here and continue to help people with that here.

I see a few are gaining pips...fantastic!

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Start at the 4H....it is trending down.  So you want to get the 15M/30M/1H all at the top headed down.

It's dangerous to go long here because the stochs might only go part of the way up then turn down again.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Without looking at the charts there are a few ways to play this.  The most obvious and probable is that it is likely headed up and the 1H is lagging.

It could also mean that as the 4H curls price will continue to go down and the 1H is supporting that...the 30m would show you as it moves up how much that up move is affecting price.  Small moves up and big price gains would show that indeed the 1H/4H will turn up.

The quickest answer, if  it doesn't look good...it probably isn't and safer to wait for something better.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Spud,

Cant say for anyone else but having you share your thoughts about all aspects of trading, not just the Escalator to pips method is very insitive and helpful. We all appreciate how busy you are and for you to be working on two treads will make your time very precious, too precious to answer all of our little questions!!!

I think it is very dangerous to just take your word that this method works (no offence) and if anyone is trading the 'spud' way without back testing it first and making it their 'own' to coincide with their own life then they are living a lot closer to the edge than many.

Being only a junior member i have not been around for too long but with my trading partner we have run demo account after demo accout, went linve, got burned, changed system, demo, went live, got burned etc(im sure you all have been there) Trying to take on someone else's system with 'making it your own' is a dangerous thing and i would strongly suggest anyone new to forex trading put in the ground work themself before risking their own hard earnt money. Sorry went a little off topic.

What was i saying ..... Oh yes, Would be great if you could stay here rather than open another thread. maybe we could ask you to be a bit clearer if your advice is something that is not along the escalator method?

Once again, thank you for your help and your continued support

James

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Thanks for you comments.  My concern is size of this thread and readability especially for new people that come to it.  I thought it might be advantageous to discuss systems in each thread as it pertains to that system and trading as in this one.  I might be wrong?

Looking for some guidance on what would help everyone the most.

I asked the Forex Factory gods if I could have more control over this thread to organize it, but my request has fallen on deaf ears.

I guess the other question is how many people want more?  or would like to just focus on what is in here for now?

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Spud

You are doing great work , keep it up. I am new to this thread so I am just getting use to this strategy but in time I will certainly need more info. I think for the short term you should give us the additional info in small doses in this thread. I personally find it time consuming to jump arround different threads so I would recommend sharing the info on this one  and if becomes unmanagable then you can start another. Really appreciate your time and effort in doing this.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Spud,

Here's my two pips....Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for life....or something like that.   This thread is excellent with regard to the 'Escalator" method but I agree with your initial thought.  You could get lost in here.  Especially when looking for specific information or follow-up.  In my view, a thread dedicatd to the finer points of trading would be most helpful to newbees like me (without the cluter of irrelevant information).

jj/.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Well backtesting is optional I don't agree with it but thats me...I simply forward test on demo account until comfortable.

But of course to each his/her own

--- 帖子 #346 ---
FYI...been testing this method on other pairs.  Just bookeda 25 pip profit on UJ and a sell signal may be setting up with the GU.  This system just gets better and better

--- 帖子 #347 ---
hey dave w,

have you been able to see any of the same trend in the euro or u.s sessions???  i usually notice some profit taking around the 11am est timeframe if there is a big move. would be nice to focus on laoding the pip bank at regular times instead of waiting for hours and get bored and frustrated. i will try your method on the asain session on demo and see if it works for me as well as it is for you. maybe your trading partner can double check me on the end of his day and see if that works as well.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
SPUD,

I'd advise to not splinter the thread. You will lose followers. An example is Steinitz... I loved his thread, but he took it and opened 4 others under his system. I lost interest and gave up. When you open too many threads for the same system it seems as if you are not sure of it and are trying different ways to trade it. People want ONE way to trade... Not 2 or 3 or 4 off shoots of it. It gets confusing. I'd suggest that if you are going to open something new then close this!

Just want to see this thing survive!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #349 ---
hi Mtrmth (that's a mouthful)

I am loathe to follow the likes of Spudfyre and try to lay out the rules of a trading system. Due to my physical presence in Japan and my trading partner in the UK, 6.00 am for me and 10.00 pm for him is when the FXDD platform starts their new day. So we chose to concentrate on that time slot, attempting to find a mehod whereby we could just set the orders at that time and retire in 2 months time. Hey, surprise, surprise, it's not that easy.

We have tried the Breakout, break-in, fozzies and everything else you can think of but it basically boils down to the same problem we all face. Winning pips is no problem, (my dog has actually done it when she stepped on the keyboard by mistake and entered a trade that I was preparing. She made 2 pips that day.) preventing the losses is the key.

After following Spud for the last couple of weeks I believe that with his method you are going to be able to do that. The only way to do it I believe is to exercise the utmost patience and to pick your trading window with great care. Spud has already indicated that he follows these rules which is why he is making a 6 figure salary at this game.

I have spent countless hours during the mornings in Tokyo watching the price moves until it became tedious sitting there saying to myself "There it goes again". Between 8.00 am and 10.00 am here in Tokyo (2.00 - 4.00 GMT) the trade that I was in would suddenly reverse for no explicable reason. It occured to me that if I could identify which ones would reverse and which ones wouldn't I could start to make some money at this game. I was floundering until I came across this thread.

So to cut a long story short, it turns out that if during that 2.00 - 4.00 GMT period you identify a good strong Stochastic set-up the likelyhood is that it is going to take off and in most cases continue to London opening. If the stochs are drifting around the mid-range then the likelihood is that its going to be a nothingee day as regards trading the Asian market. However, you do have a choice of all the different Yen crosses as well as the AUD and NZD although those pairs tend to turn a little earlier. The GBP/JPY for instance, followed the same pattern as yesterday. At 4.30 the 15/30/1 hr all crossed over and the price went from 234.85 up to the s/r H3 line of 235.36, suffered a little retracement and then continued up to the H4 at 235.87 (actually overshot to 236.09). So 102 pips on today's trade.

There is nothing magic about this it only needs for those that are interested to look at the charts over the recent past to identify where the opportunities lie.

Best of luck

Dave W

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Hi Spud, it's not often that i post on here but i thought i would take the time to thank you for your excellent journal and the word document that you produced.

Keeping things simple is definitely the way to go and i will follow the method with interest.

Keep up the good work

M

--- 帖子 #351 ---
I agree with you in the above.  The good threads, like this one, become HUGE.  If you get in late, you're already overwhelmed.  If there are several topics in one thread, forget it.

Yes, we want more! (more! more! more!)

My vote, use separate threads for each topic.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
The best will be to have a separated section so that all related thread written by Spud are easily found.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Spud,

It would appear that there is a split decision as to what people want, to keep all your ideas here on one thread or start a new.

From a selfish point of view i would ask that whichever route you take please keep us informed as like others i find your ideas and this method very useful and would hate to loose you into the void that is FF threads.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #354 ---
yeah...I agree!

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Spudfyre...........

I've been reading your thread from the sidelines since the beginning.

It takes a lot of courage and a genuine willingness to put in the time and do the work to maintain a thread like this one.

Well done................keep up the good work; I know you're helping others!

--- 帖子 #356 ---
I have seen somewhere an indicator that shows in how many hours the 4H candle will be complete. Could  someone post the link here because it will be usefull for Spud's setup.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Hi Spud,

again I want to thank you for sharing your expertise. Regarding this last chart I have a couple of questions:

If I understood well, the solid line is drawn in the 4HR chart only when the 1HR and the 30Min stochs are also moving out of the 80/20 lines.

1- what I have noticed after looking at your chart is that the lines are drawn when the 1HR and the 30 MIn stoch coincide with the movement of the 4 Hr stoch. That means that if  4Hr and 30 min coincide, but not 1 Hr, you draw a long dashed line...same thing if the 4Hr and the 1 hr coincide but not the 30 min. BUT if the 30 min and the 1 HR coincide, BUT not the 4HR then you do nothing. Am I right?

2- The solid line #2 would suggest that the 4Hr, the 1Hr, and the 30 mins stochs are all pointing down from the 80 line. So this should have been a low risk short trade. Obviously it was not. The price continue moving aggresively up. So was this a false signal?

--- 帖子 #358 ---
I love the predictive signals this system can give!

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Alcastro,

If you read Spuds explination again it says on the last line that on the middle solid bar there are over 100 pips from there to the close of the next bar, at least thats how i read it.

James

--- 帖子 #360 ---
See post 226

--- 帖子 #361 ---
I really do not see any difference between the bars that precede and follow the solid line bar, and the bars in the other two solid bars.

I don't see how would you be able to tell that this trade looks like a bad trade without the benefit of hindsight.

I am sure I am missing something.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Spud what about M15 ? In your last explanation you didn't talk anymore about it

--- 帖子 #363 ---
I think the point was, that, looking at the chart, it would appear to be a bad short trade, but was not since the next candle opened then dropped 100 pips.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
To illustrate how to do do this type of chart you can follow the current GBPJPY movement.

The 4H last candle closed at 81 on the stoch at 16:00.  So now we have to wait for the 4H candle to close below 80....in 210 minutes or more.

The 1H closed below 80 at 12:00 GMT.  The 30 at 10:30.  That could put a long "2" dashed line on the 4H at 8:00 (8-12).  Meaning 2 time frames made a over from above 80 to below 80 in that time period.

However, our main focus is still on the 4H, and we may have to adjust the 1H/30M if we get new confirmations from them.

You only worry about the last, most relevant confirmation of the 1H and 30M time frames to confirm our 4H move.

The trick is, if the 4H moves first.  Here you need to pay close attention to what the stochastics are doing and where the 1H/30M are.  If they have already turned and are heading down, then use the previous 1H/30M to the 4H.  If they are near or above 80 then wait and use the 1H/4H after they come back across 80.

As you see in the patterns, most moves develop relatively close to each other (within 8 hours) so let that be your guide as well.

Your best trade of course is going to come when the 30/1H/4H are all in sync.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Alcastro,

I see what you're saying.  For clarity, starting from the extreme left there are 4 solid lines.

Line 1 (solid) from extreme left is not considered (import not part of the process)

Line 2 (solid) form extreme left all 3 are aligned......strong buy

Line 3 (dashed) from extreme left, only two aligned.....risky

Line 4 (solid) from extreme left, if we draw a line on the stochs there appears to be divergence....Stochs goes down while price action is going up....is this right?  The next 3 bars from line 4 appear to go down.  Consistent with the rules.  I do agree the signal may have turned here and forced an exit.

jj/.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Now I'm lost.

On my charts, the 30 crossed from above 80 to below 80 at 14:00 GMT, just barely having made it above 80.

The 1H closed from above to below 80 at 16:00, again, it just barely exceeded 80.

OK, the 12:00 GMT candle closed at 81 at 16:00.  So, if the current candle brings the stoch below 80 and closes, that will be at 20:00 GMT.  Only the 30m or 1H closes from 19:00 to 24:00 GMT will be valid, so the above are disregarded and we start from there.

If and when the current candle closes below 80, then we'll look for the 1H and 30m crossovers below 80 within the next 4 hours, correct?

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Close.  Let's say the 4H closes below 80 at 20:00.  Now find out where the 30M and 1H stochastics are.  Now look back and find when the 30M crossed the 80 and the 1H crossed the 80.  Let us say the 1H at 16:00 and the 30M at 14:00.  So on the 4H chart draw a line representing "2" time frames at the 12:00 GMT (this represents 12-16:00).  Draw a line representing a single time frame "1" at 20:00 for the 4H cross.  Open a short trade at 20:00:01 and grab some pips.

Should mention we still want to try and stay with the MTF Stochastic rules prior to this.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
But the original post said that when the 4H crosses down (the signal), you look back 1 hour, forward 4 (the window).

So the 1H at 16:00 and 30M at 14:00 are not in the window if the 4H didn't cross until 20:00.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
The two are different.  Remember the first is working on taking the data as it is dropped before us.  Our filter is the time window.

The second is grouping the data (defragging the stochs) so that we are concentrating on the time frame group.  You can see very established patterns for catching trends this way and retracements.

So by grouping the time frames and the peaks we are capturing and getting confirmation on price action happening.

Either way works, but I prefer the latter.  I introduced the first as I think it is easier to understand.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
The same rules of entry should be considered...with all the time frame syncing.  You can use the 15M to guide you with the 30M and whether to wait or enter.  This will help you avoid wild rides.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Ok, so our 4H closed below 80.  Now we are waiting for some sync in the lower time frames.  The 15M is moving up, the 30M is moving up.  If the 30 and 1H peak above 80 and come down they become our new line and then we know if we have a "3" or a "2+1" and that helps us determine our target profit.

If neither make it above 80, then we use the previous line for 30/1H and we have a "2+1", so we will be going for a few pips.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
I'm sorry. Not trying to be a smartass, but totally not following.

The two what are different? I'm referring to post 355. Are you saying post 364 is a third method?

And by "first" you mean 355, not the first first?  And by latter you mean 364?  If so, then I now know why I'm confused.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Hmmmmm....maybe I should start this again and explain it better.  Hold tight and I'll work on a clearer explanation of this stuff.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Spud,

I have a conference room that you can explain with live charts. Please take a look and let me know what you think.     You are invited to join the conference MTFStochastics at the following hyperlink: http://24.91.46.73/?join=MTFStochastics

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #375 ---
If you read this thread a little earlier I introduced two new concepts and have since removed them as I thnbk it was more confusing then helpful.  So, here is another stab at explaining it.

As we already know we are using the stochastics 15M,30M,1H,4H to provide us signals to sell and maintain a trade when they are movin gin the same direction.

However, there are many times when stochastics seem like they ar ealmost all lined up for a trade and then it falls apart.

Stochastics also offer another interesting trait, that in detecting reverses to the current trend of their current time period.  The math behind this is quite simple.  As we know the stochastic has a resistance to hit the extreme (100) or (0).  In a trend the stochastic also has a resistance to peak on one side.  For example, find a nice strong trend in the 1H chart going up and look at the stochastic.  Notice how many peaks are above 80 and how few are below 20.  Almost every signal is a short signal from above 80 to crossing 80.  When the price finally reverses you see a peak below 20 and a move across 20.

Unfortunately, over one time frame this doesn't hold true in every instance, some peaks are small moves or fakes and one peak is the big move.

So how can we see the bigger picture?

--- 帖子 #376 ---
To see the multiple time frames and how the different 80/20 crosses affect the entire trade you could plot the time each cross occurs on one chart like the 4H.  This gives you a "dump" of time data on a single chart but it is still hard to visualize any pattern from it.  It just seems like a whole lot of vertical lines on a chart....which it is.

However, we know when the 4H passes the 80 or 20 we are getting a signal to start looking for a trade.  What we know is that more than likely the 4H stochastic is going to move from 80 towards 20 or vice versa from 20 towards 80.  However, simply trading the 4H is risky as price retraces along the way.

What we need to know is the correlation between the 15M,30M and 1H time frames and their positions and effects on the 4H.  As always the surest trades will happen when all 4 time frames line up and "escalator" up or down.

As you know my "trend theory" is tha the 15M,30M and 1H time frames build the 4H's move.  We can see this visually and use it to our advantage.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Looking at the chart below we can see that the 30M crossed the 80 at 20:30-21:00; the 1H crossed at 20:00-21:00 and the 4H crossed much later at 04:00-08:00 the next day.

We are not using the 15M because it simply isn't required at this stage, we will use the 15M later to better enter the trade.

Quick glance would bring us to the conclusion that the 30/1H lined up and the 4H is too late so we have no trade.  There is more here.  What we have is 3 time frames that have peaked and crossing back below 80.  This means that all 3 time frames are screaming "reversal".

When all 3 time frames scream at the same time, it is very loud and the price reverses quite a bit.  When only 2 scream at the same time and one is off by a bit, the scream isn't as loud and price only moves a bit.  When only one time frame screams, it is but a faint cry in the wilderness hardly causing the price to react at all.

These patterns of "3" time frames lining up and crossing at the same time almost always signal a big price reversal.  The other more common pattern is called a "2+1" or a "1+2" where 2 time frames cross and one other crosses earlier or later.

The example in the chart is a "2+1"

--- 帖子 #378 ---
There is a "window" of opportunity.  A 4H candle provides us price movement over a 4H period.  It is hard to know what the price was doing in those 4H's unless you watched it.  Well, I don't know about you but watching a 4H candle for 4 hours is like watching paint dry.  So, what we have to look at is how much play we have with time...what is a "simultaneous" price move.

Interestingly enough it seems that if the closer the stochatics cross the line together, the stronger the move....in most cases.  As the stochs move and the multiple time frames spread out the effect is much less.  Think of it as as dropping a stone in water...the ripples are strongest right where the stone drops and as they spread out they get weaker.

It is just the way it works.  I'm sure there is some quasi-pshycotic explanations like the number pi and ancient pyramids involved...but who cares as long as we know it works this way...let's just be happy.

So know we have a tool to see the big picture of time and stochastic trading working together and how it points to you like a big arrow...there's the pips..over there.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Below is a picture of a 4H chart.  You can see vertical dotted lines....these represent a cross over 1 time frame in a 4H period.  You can see vertical long dashed lines.....these represent a cross over 2 time frames in the same 4H period.  Then you can see the dream line....a vertical solid line where all 3 time frames have crossed in a 4H period.

Each vertical line represents a price reversal to the 4H trend.  I know..."never trade against the trend".  However, since these lines point to price reversal so nicely...you just gotta do it....and every now and then you hit the big price reversal!

The lines also represent the trend....huh?  How can the lines do both?  Take a solid line (a "3") it usually is the beginning of a new trend.  The lines in between are the "2+1" lines....these tell us that the price reversal isn't "real".

We now have choices!  We can trade the trend, start from a "3" line and we know every time we see a "2+1" that we are going to see a price blip, but we can stay in the trend.  We can trade the reverses from the lines, or we can trade it all.

We can also look at the lines and get a better idea where our "escalator" trade is in the universe....is it strong or weak.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
So how do you use this in trading?

The first thing is there is nothing fundamentally different here.  This is just a broader picture of what happens with stochastics and how they lead us to pips.

This is not a "new" method.  You can make rules to trade this, but the number one rule still applies that we want all 4 time frames to line up to ensure ourselves of winning a trade.  This is a hard and fast rule if you want to win steady pip income.  When you deviate from that rule...you are obviously at more risk...this doesn't mean we have to trade ourselves to boredom either.  There are great rewards with reasonable risk out there...we all need to be a little deviant.

If we deviate we can use a window of time as a filter..5 hours, 8 hours...whatever you like; we can go on the 15/30 aligned with the 4H; we can go on the 30/1H aligned with the 4H.  it doesn't really matter...the price is going to move.  If you enter early you are just going to have a wild ride and require bigger stops.  If you enter too late you might suffer a loss so "read the stochastics" is a great way to know where you are.  That just means the more that are aligned with your trade, the more likely you will succeed.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
SO now that you read all that I hope you looked at the charts and thought to yourself..."geez there is a lot of trend movement between those groups of "3 lines".

Yep...trade the reversals if you like...but trade the opposite too.  Trade the trend!

Look at the trend real estate between those lines!  There you are...all that to find out we are right back where we started...trade the trend!

The reason I explained the reversals to death is so you can use them to make pips or so that you don't panic with your stops.  There is going to be a trend...BUT you want to wait for the reversal.  This way you can see the reversal, know the reversal is going to happen...and then hop on the trend and make lotsa pips....because you now there is also going to be a trend.

Good pipping all!

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Spud

You have being trading this system for a while now, how often on avaerge would you see three or all four stochastics line up in a typical Euro/ US session?

--- 帖子 #383 ---
I only trade GBPJPY with this.  But others have tried it on other pairs with success.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Do you see anything now in G/J?

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Spud,

You have just lost me... I'm not understanding. Are you saying we look at the 4 hr as the main trend, say it is long. Then when 3 lower timeframes go against the 4hr trend we can short? Then when all 4 line up again we have a new trend?

Help.

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #386 ---
I was in and out already on a short.

More short moves still left in it....but need to be a little cautious it may blip up.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Take a 4 Hr Long.

It has fallen below 20 and risen back up to 20 or crossed at the close of it's candle.

Ok, now  go back and look at 1H.  Where did it last cross the 20 up?

Now the 30M?

Now, if they all crossed say in the last 4 hours you can (a "3"):

1.  Just go long and ride the trend with a trailing stop loss.

2.  Wait until all 3 or 4 time frames line up and go long.

If this is a "2+1" where the 3 time frames have crossed recently but not in the same 4 hour period:

1.  Treat this as a reversal, go long if you get 4 TF lined up

2.  Go long with 3 tf lined up.

3.  Wait the long out and then go back to the short trend if it existed earlier.

If you look at the current move on GJ  ("2+1") it is likely a price reversal against the long, it is going short and then it will continue to go long unless we get an indication of something else

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Spud

My error I didn't mean the EUR/US pair I actually meant how often have you seen all 4 or 3 stoch line up in the British and US trading session?

--- 帖子 #389 ---
See chart

--- 帖子 #390 ---
It varies considerably..sometimes 2-3 times a day....other times 5 or 6 times a week.  This past week has been very quiet.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Spud,

I belong to the group that is lost in this new forest. What I am seeing is that when all indicators coincide there is a strong signal to go short/long, and then there may be some counter-trades when the 4hr stoch reaches oversold or overbought levels but not all TF's are there. So go short or long depending on what is the stochastic showing.

If you see in your charts, every mini trend or mini-counter trend coincides with oversold/bought levels in the 4Hr stochastics. Then...why shall we worry about drawing the dotted lines?

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Looks like all 4 TF's are crossing down.

B.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Bago,

did you ride that one? That was good for 18 pips - 8 (spread) = 10.

correct?

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Hi Spudfyre,

Thanks for taking the time to post and further our knowledge with your teachings.

I have understood what you have posted so far, one question, when does the 4 hour time period begin ? Would it be at the standard 0000, 0400, 0800, 1200, 1600, 2000, 0000 GMT times or when you get the first crossover on the 4hr stocahstic, and then everything follows on from there ?

Would it be possible for you to show us on a 4 hour live time frame (or longer)what you plot and how you would trade.

Thanks Elbart

--- 帖子 #395 ---
try read  the last 4pages where spud explain all

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Yes, 4H periods are standard to 4H chart  (GMT in my case)...so all your charts should coincide.  We are assuming we are not watching the 4H charts minute by minute and trying to live life instead   So we assume we only know the 4H crossed in the 4H candle period..at some time during the 4H period.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
The next two charts are a walk through of the last signal on April 11th and up to a few minutes ago.

The left most chart is teh 4H right after the 4H crossed 80.  Thus is a "2+1" so we expect price to retrace a little and then go back to the previous trend which is up.

On the 1H chart you can see the price retraces 30 pips and then heads up.  Notice how it didn't show up in the stoch on the 1H but that price eventually catches up to the stoch.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Here is a closer look at the 30/1H/4H stochs.

The bottom chart is the 30M price and stochs.  We actually have 3 different trade options after a 4H window;

1.  Trade the expected retrace

2.  Trade the previous trend since this is a "2+1" and expect some down movement before the up move and chase trend with trailing stop

2a.  Wait for the retrace to finish and then buy the previous trend to max pip gain and chase with trailing stop

3.  Grab some pips long after price retrace

This is a really difficult stoch reading.  Our 4H stoch is diverging right after the window, the 1H is following trend and the 30M diverges during the retrace.  Typically you probably wouldn't trade this.

However it does show how accurate the "2+1" cross is and how it can help you know what to expect.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Thanks Spudfyre, now I see how it all comes together.

When we have a another '2+1' then we will expect another small retracement, I guess the same for a '1+2', and after this if we get a '3' that would signify a trend reversal  and a possible 'mega-piping' ?

--- 帖子 #400 ---
You got it...just watch out for stoch/price divergence

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Spud:

When you refer to "stoch/price divergence" as it applies to your method, are you talking about one particular chart, or divergence between price and the stoch on any one of the four charts?

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Typically you will only see divergence in one time frame at once.  Though it can happen in more than one for brief periods.   Generally, the longer the time frame it happens in, the more impact on price there is.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
4:08 pmCurrently 15/30/1H are all poking their noses at 80.  4H low (34%) and on a long down slide, but should be lots of time to grab some pips on a short and then hopefully catch a long a little later.

4:26 pm

Short at 235.73

TP is 50

sl 50

5:53  Nice escalator heading down has started

Bowed out with 7 pips in the pocket.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Thanks, Spudfyre....hope you gain many pips...

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Thanks Spud, 14 pips.  Waiting for the long

jj/.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Good grab

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Spud,

I have no problem with the original rules (when 3 TF cross 80/20 go long short).

I'm having a hard time with the "2+1" "1+2" concept.

When drawing the lines (Dashed/Dotted or Solid) are we drawing the lines on the 4H stochs?

Example onen 4H chart..mark cross...then change chart to 1H mark cross..then change chart to 30M mark cross.   Then return to the 4H chart.

Sorry just can't grast it.

jj/.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
These are our results since March 28, 2007

Days Traded: 5

Total Net Pips to Last Completed Trade: 82

Total Trades: 8

Winners: 7

Break-even: 1

Losses: 0

Winning Percentage:  100%

Worst down draw:  53 pips

Daily Goal: 20 pips

Daily Goal Met: 4/5  Today so far: 7

Pips in Pip Bank: 0

--- 帖子 #409 ---
I'll be going long shortly.  I am timing my entry with the 5M stochastic...waiting for it to go down around 20.  15/30 are up, 1H turning.

Good for a few pips...I'm aiming for 13.

I'm looking for an entry price in the low 60's or 50's would be better....if I don't get that I won't be going long.

Long is a bust.  Price and stochs moved too fast up.  Waiting now for a short.

Price came down so.......

I jumped in at 235.73 for long.

TP is 13 pips.

Not a great trade, but still snuck 3 pips out of it.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
We have a perfect signal in the works right now!!! I'm in!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Spud

great thread, well explained, have just completed reading through and wondered what settings you use in the price field of the stochastic oscillator as circled.... I notice there will be differences in your explanations if we use different settings here. "Low/High" OR "Close/Close"

great stuff, and thankyou.

et

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Hi Bagovino,

Why do you think it is the perfect signal - everything looks whipsawed to me at the moment.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
I wouldve said the same, very choppy, need a clean break north, or wait maybe for a fuller retracement on the 4hr, assuming this is the GBPJPY...

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Looks like you guys are right... Very choppy... At the moment all looked well. Do you wait for bar close?

B

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Hi Etrader35,

I believe Spud uses the Low/High setting - he has included his template in one of his earlier posts.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Yep, I do, just to be on the safe side.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
These are our results since March 28, 2007

Days Traded: 5

Total Net Pips to Last Completed Trade: 85

Total Trades: 9

Winners: 8

Break-even: 1

Losses: 0

Winning Percentage:  100%

Worst down draw:  53 pips

Daily Goal: 20 pips

Daily Goal Met: 4/5  Today so far: 0

Pips in Pip Bank: 5

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Correct

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Spud, do we see a possible long setting up?

--- 帖子 #420 ---
It's nice to wait for a bar close if you suspect a turn or other movement you want some clarity in before committing.  I don't usually wait for the 4H to close.  I usually wait for the 15M to close and the 30M most times.

If you are watching the stochs min/min you usually don't have to wait for bar closes as you'll have a good idea what is happening.

If you are trading it more "mechanically" than you can also just trade on bar closes.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
There could be a long move there...wait for the 5M for entry in this case.

However, I'd prefer to chase it with the 4H pointing in our direction, given we are fighting an overall down move.

If you go in, chase it just for a few pips and when you see profit take it.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Thanks Spud..You've given me added confidence....and thank you for  your patience as you continue to teach us here...

--- 帖子 #423 ---
First, 10X Spud for that thread !
I'm trying to learn the stochastic's behavior. But it is very difficult to sit in front of the screen for hours and just look at the actions.
Recently I have started to use a way which is a very good one for me. I'm using a screen reccorder program - "Camtasia" and I'm recording the screen for several hours. Now, one of the options in the recorder is the playback display rate. for example, I'm recording 1 frame per sec, and set the output to 15 frames per sec. So actually, I can replay 15 minutes only in 1 Min, or 1 hour in 4 minutes!
In that way I can see hours of price+stochs actions in just several minutes !
And it's perfect to learn the stoch's behavior that way.
Attached here an example of screen recording for 15 min, in a clip of 1 min. Just open the ZIP, and run the HTML file (which will play the SWF)

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Great idea!  Just had a look...what a great way to see the movement. Definitely a must get item.

Found a free screen recorder called Oripa Screen Recorder.  Easy to use.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Hi Spudfyre, well done on your committmnt to your journal and thanks for sharing.  When you first enter a trade,, what initial stop loss do you set, if any?   (I know I read it somewhere )

I also went long (see post #409) for my first ever trade, had only set up my chart screen and saw the trade developing.  My picture below captures the trade.  Entry occured at the bar with the red box beneath.  At this point, 15M stoch was approaching 80 while the 30M had started on it's course having turned up from 20.  Also, at this time, 4H had reversed direction and looked like it too was heading north.  I was waiting quite some time for the 1H to reach 20 and then curl up.  It never hit the 20 mark but slowly turned up and this is when all was in sync.

I think I remember the 30M reverse as highlighted by the blue shading.  I was thinking "aahh crap"  coz I also noticed the bearish Pin Bar appear as well.  I'd placed my stop near the recent 15M low before entry and ultimately got stopped out.

I'd really appreciate any feedback you can give me on how to improve my next trade.  perhaps wait for better syncronization, better stop placement etc?

--- 帖子 #426 ---
I set my stops usually at 50 by default and usually keep the margin of 40-50 from current price as the trade unfolds.  This is to prevent spikes wiping out my trade, but offer protection to my account should anything bad in the world happen.  Once I'm in profit I move my stops to protect profit...usually within 20 or less.

Your trade decision was sound.  What killed your trade was your stop.  From your chart, you can see the 15M is all the way through the 20 and the 1H and 4H still support the long.  I think perhaps the 30M was weighing on your mind to stop?  Or s/r?

What you do know from the 15M is the down move can't go too much further.  If the 1H made a turn to 20, I would be looking at price and how much it is moving.

If it was me, I would have played the 15M out and see if it turned up and then chase it on the long to recoup as much as I could as well watch how fast the 30M is dropping...if the 30M drops fast more likely I'll get a turn in my favour......might cost you 20 more pips to wait but worth it in the long run that in this situation you are likely to see an up move come to save your bacon.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Great job!  But next time don't stop out <sarcasm)...keep the spread in your pocket

--- 帖子 #428 ---
I'm sorry to post another chart in your journal SPudfyre, just made up for the earlier trade, long entry 2 mins before close of last completed bar as indicated by red lines.  Appeared to be much better sync, and a very nice Pin Bar was almost formed on the 4H.  Realised my entry was probably a little conservative and should have entered on the trend continuation of the stoch on the 15M, but you live and learn!

Price 30min ago shot up and then shot down but I'm going to try and ride this escalator up to the third floor

Thanks again for this great system!

--- 帖子 #429 ---
10X!

Can you adjust the playback rate at that program ? because that is the most important thing if you want to learn the activity. otherwise you'll have to watch hours of recording...

Anyway, I have put the demo at: http://forexsignals.ctrlalthost.com/

So you don't have to download it.

In the next days, I'll record hours of activity and put it at this URL, so you can all learn from it.

(Of course if you have a screen recorder you can do it yourself (: )

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Trumpcard

Looks like a nice trade.

How many pips did you bag?

--- 帖子 #431 ---
It plays on any video player...so you just need a freeware video player that can adjust speed.  MS only has 2x.

Another way to do it...is to time screen captures every 5 mins and make animated gifs.  Uses a lot less disk space

Thanks for the link....will be a fantastic tool for everyone.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Hi Alcastro, had 2 mini demo lots on before getting completely tanked at the local noraebang.   Set TP at a Price Pivot of 236.50/  Just came home with a###   ankle, quite drunk and many pips in the bag   have a good weekend!  In hindsight rode this elevator up and met TP target.      Life is good!!

--- 帖子 #433 ---
96pips X 2 demo mini lots with a 50 pip stop loss = 2% account risk

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Spud

Fantastic job.  A lot of effort and a lot of appreciation.

Wish I had picked up this thread at 5am this morning. Having read 1/2 of the thread to this point I have to point out that this morning was one of the best opportunities with your stochs that one may find.

The 4 hr during my 9am E.S.T. price bar was already above the 20 line with positive divergence to price.  The 15 min at 6:45am EST also had positive divergence to price above the 20 line. The 30 min and 1 hr were on the 20 line in the process of making their turn north.  With the divergence brought into the scenario it was truly a no brainer today.

Crap - I was reading all day!  There will be many other opportunites beginning with a down move into next week.

Thanks again - it is nice to see someone who is willing to share.

slick 60

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Hi Spud,

My most sincere thanks for sharing your system with us - immense work!

Quick question for you.  In your Escalator to Pips document you state that
5. NEVER use the 4H chart 80 or 20 line to exit.

Why do you say this?  I have just spend the last hour or so working through some of the currency charts and on many occasions you maximise your profits if you end the escalator when the 4H stoch reaches 80/20?

Kind regards

Jason

PS big thanks also to blueruby for the Spud Indicator.  I think it's going to come in very useful!

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Hi Spud,

Question:

On this chart (hind sight 20/20) the 15M 30M & 1H all crossed close together. The 4H was in an up trend at 44.4ish. Could this be a good time to enter long even though the 4H is not closer to the bottom.

Great reading, I just finished reading the thread...

Thanks,

Billser

--- 帖子 #437 ---
No Sunday night traders?  What a lovely set up for  140 pips.  Surprised the quiet.

slick

--- 帖子 #438 ---
You caught that run down on the cable yen Slick 60? I am guessing

--- 帖子 #439 ---
FXP

Yes - it was set up just toooooooooooo gooooooooooood!

--- 帖子 #440 ---
I am glad that someone caught it...I was too caught up thinking it would continure to rise....maybe next time.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Please can you post your chart?

--- 帖子 #442 ---
looks like another short gb/jp might be setting up....any agree?  waiting for the 30min to cross again..

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Did you short it ybeidas?   I have a sell waiting around 237.00.  Waiting for that 4 Hr to kick over.  Timing is the key to this system!    I also have a hunch that the 4HR might flatten out along the top with the long term trend continuing.  In this case, I'd be looking to go long....

Question for Spudfyre, do you recommend trading this during the Tokyo/Sydney morning session?  (don't know what time this is in EST - 7pm to 11pm?)

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Anyone taking the current short?

--- 帖子 #445 ---
The setups were there at both 23:10 4/15 and 0:00 4/16 (PST). I shorted on both, broke even on one and caught about 40 pips on the 2nd. But in retrospect, I guess it was a bad idea. Why? The news... it was just around the corner.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Last night you had a post on this thread about the "Delta Phenomenon". The post and my reply disappeared due to the viruses on this site. My question is are you refereing to the book by Welles Wilder.

Tim

--- 帖子 #447 ---
The reason not to carry the escalator through the 4H stochastic is that you may encounter too large a draw down for your margin to handle on the way to pip gains.  Not that it doesn't work....just you must be prepared for large drawdowns the longer time frame you enter.  Rarely is the road to pip gain direct at this stage.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
I apologize I will not be able to respond daily over the next 2 weeks as I am out of town.  The iNternet access where I am is rather pathetic on dial-up at 26 Kbps and that is if it stays connected more than 20 minutes.

The good news is that I am working with a few people on refining the stochastic trading and I should have some interesting items for you when I return.

Please continue to exchange ideas, ask questions and post trades here.  I will check in as much as I can.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Hi Tim

Yes. Have not been back on site due to virus pick up here. Saw your question on my email.

slick

--- 帖子 #450 ---
I bought the Delta book 7 or 8 years ago and applied it to commodities, which is what I was trading at the time. It has been on my bookshelf collecting dust ever since. I never thought about applying it to the Forex. Obviously you have applied it to the Forex and it works. Will you be telling us more about your thoughts on this subject?

Tim

--- 帖子 #451 ---
What's the name of the writer

--- 帖子 #452 ---
The author of the Delta Phenomenon is Welles Wilder.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
looks like all stochs are below 20 with 15 and 30 starting to point up...

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Hi Tim

hope to start thread in forex factory once all my distractions subside.  Like high speed internet down-up-down----.  forexfactory viruses DO NOT LIKE.

Several other thingies like a crippled wife with broken ankle for another 4 weeeks. I have moved into cable for this present high and kicking my ass. Should have stayed strictly in geppy but lost cable contact etc. Good luck trading for now.

And yes- delta works for forex.  it is the only leading indicator that does that. TIME is the most important ingredient.  When time is up the market turns.

slick

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Slick - Sorry to hear about your wife (and the cable)...........hope she is up and about soon. I look forward to your upcoming thread. Keep me posted.......

Tim

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Spud,

what if.... the daily crosses over the 80 on the way down, the 15m, 30m, 1h have all crossed down and the 4h is just above the 20 coming up? with the 3 time frames agreing with the daily are there pips to be made or is it best to leave it and wait for the lower times to catch up to the 4h?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #457 ---
After catching the fall for 50+ hopefully (5:18pm PST) look for the formation where all 4-time frames cross the 20 on stochs.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
I notice there has not been a post in this thread since Jan this year, is this thread now closed/ how can I continue to get the latest updates. thanks

--- 帖子 #459 ---
This thread has posts as recent as yesterday... and continues to have posts. Also, it is someone's journal. They may posts as often or infrequent as they wish.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=448

--- 帖子 #460 ---
You will notice a few posts back that Spud, the originator of this thread, said he would be away.  When the "great one" comes back to his perch on the mountain the flow of wisdom will continue.

Quote:
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon1.gif Away

I apologize I will not be able to respond daily over the next 2 weeks as I am out of town. The iNternet access where I am is rather pathetic on dial-up at 26 Kbps and that is if it stays connected more than 20 minutes.

The good news is that I am working with a few people on refining the stochastic trading and I should have some interesting items for you when I return.

Please continue to exchange ideas, ask questions and post trades here. I will check in as much as I can.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
I am sorry, I was reading the wrong info, new boy and all of that. thanks.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Ah ha - a new pipster.  congratulations.

??possible short??

I still learning the Spud stochs, but at 16:30GMT it appears that a short is setting from 237.03 on GBPJPY.  Does that look the same to you all?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #463 ---
You can look at it this way when stochs moving in all same direction

15/30/1H/4H/Daily  .....safest way to make pips

15/30/1H/4H          ....next safest way to make pips

15/30/1H              ....still a safe way to make pips, but not as safe

any two tf's          ....risky but odds in your favour, small pip grabs

Simply the more stochastics moving with you, the better your odds are going to be....having said that there is not a huge percentage gain between 5 time frames and 3 time frames....all 3 will probably be successful.

With less time frames your success can largely be improved by your ability to read the stochastics as they are moving.

One thing to look for are "links" between the stochastic movement cycles.  For example you may get three 15M cycles (up/down/up) in a single one hour cycle, so knowing where you are within the 1 hour period can be very profitable for trading the 15M cycles....considering the 30/1H and 4H are all headed the same way.  For example, if the 30/1H/4H are headed down, you might be able to trade two 15M down cycles from 80 to 20 while waiting for the 1H to hit 20.  Obviously, you need to be careful and grab pips quickly in the 15M TF, but making 5-15 pips a 15M cycle is not hard to do.....just riskier if you don't get out when you need too.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Thanks Sudfyre.  Your response to waddij has, at least for me, put everything in a clearer light.  Such a simple, concise answer that everyone who is having even a bit of difficulty should read over and over. In my mind's eye I could actually see the stochastics and price moving.  Great. Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
5:05pm EST short at 237.34,  pull 1st lot for 23 pips and 2nd for 32 pips by 7:01 om.  Smelled a retrace coming on so bailed.  Will look to re-enter when signals confirm again.

A Great set-up.  About as good as they get  All my stochs doing their thing and pointing one way - south.

slick

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Hello gentlemen, this is my first post although I have been watching this thread intently for a few weeks, this is also my first method of study.  It is easier than a lot out there to follow and IT WORKS!!!!!!!!!  First off thanks SPUD, you da man!  Thank you to all the other participants, your insight has greatly helped me as well.

Okay, now on to my question.

In the quote above, is this a summation of the "3", "2+1", and "1+2" idea that spud brought in?  Those threads really didn't make a lot of sense to me, probably because I'm new, however the quote above makes sense.  Is this an extension of that idea?  Or am I just totally off base here? Any ones answers and thought or clarifications of the "3", "2+1", and "1+2" idea is greatly appreciated, my problem is "drawing these lines"  Wow this thread has extended greatly, so I will end it and let the "experts" chime in.  Thanks a million

__________________

Fedor: ...I've already begun drawing a new figure, now I'm drawing a gnome, this one will be angry, and I'll do some cheerful ones afterwards. I'm trying to do a series of figures with this subject.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
I have placed one of my charts to illustrate the 15 relationship to the 60 min stochs. Dark green and purple are the 1 hr. I have found there really is no concise correlation as the chart will bear out.  It does seem that there certainly is room for scalping 20 pip trades off divergence and 15 min stoch crossovers within the hourly period.

I also use a 5 min chart for divergence with the 15 for this purpose.

Hope this may help a bit.

slick

Spud - if I am posting too much on your thread please say so.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
The "3", "2+1" idea is simply a visual representation of when the stochastics are crossing 80 or 20.  It is simply a "tool" in the stochastic war chest but not necessary to use.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Just my opinion and experience....but I find trying to relate the stochastics on one time frame doesn't work well.  It skews the math for one reason, and with the math right through a seperate indicator will skew the time relationship.  However, always good to experiment!

The relationship between the stochastic movement from the seperate charts to one chart specific to time I think is a more meanigful trail to follow.  I know I lost people in the "3", "2+1" info.....but what you want to ask yourself is:

1.  What are the stochs/price doing in relation to each other when say the 15M hits 20 and the 30M/1H are still falling?

2.  What are the stochs/price doing in relation to each other when there is a large price move versus a small price move?

3.  How do stochs/price relate to each other when to exit a trade?

If you delve into those questions for answers you will find some very interesting stuff pop out at you.  I would try and explain it here, but it is very difficult to get down in just text.....but I'm working on it.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Good to see postings of your Great Mind again, -tks for being here... Spud, I finally started to practice your TS... was experimenting a bit... have put Stoch 5,3,3 and RSI 5 [80/20] side by side and noticed that RSI is giving more precise direction-change points than Stoch... RSI 3 points are even more distinct... everything else as per your TS...

Would you please let us know why you prefer Stoch as opposite to RSI...?

--- 帖子 #471 ---
This is intersting & all true but it mainly relates to pair price,

I think MTFT & esp. the stochs are better used predicting monentun

"the big Mo" then stating price.

ie. I live very close to two of the bussies highways in N.A.

I can tell the direction & spead of the cars just by looking ..easy

but I can also predict the spead & direction of the ones coming after

why?

Because to change direction or spead one of two things would have to happen.

1. A slow down or spead up must happen slowly.

why? because other wise you will have a crash

2. which is the other thing that can happen .. a crash

but both the Highways & the 4X are basical run by admin guys & computer

both of which do not like crashes... so both the HWs & 4X are very predictable

...with times of panic when the unpredicable happen... crashs

now the good news is in the 4x we have times ..call news & interst rate info.

that reset the whole thing & we start again

... these in fact take a lot of the crashs out of the 4X

you can for sure make money using MTFT & stochs to show price for sure

or make a lot more money using them to show you the big "mo"

& the big money.

just my thought...

good luck spud & everyone else

TEB

--- 帖子 #472 ---
This is how I view Stochastics on other timeframes to save valuable screen real estate.

Charts are 1m through to 60m stacked on top of each other, showing just the lower window.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
I find stochs more reliable...would be the quick answer.  Though I like RSI, I haven't found it as "precise" over the long haul.  However, would be interested in your findings and how they relate.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Nice analogy.  I totally agree with the momentum ideology.  It is definitely a point for further discussion...but my idea behind this thread for now has just been to show people a reliable way to make pips using a simple foundation and keep people on the "winning" side.  For now I'm just trying to let people know they can "drive" on the forex highway and make it through safely without worrying about crashing...and that they can be in full control when they know where the lanes are.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
great point!!

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Spudfyre the doc and info you provided here is excellent and best yet you have done all this and so much more out of the kindness of your own heart.  A big thank you for everything you have done, I am sure many people are finding great value in what you have posted/provided.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
stoch are nice, nowIm waiting for cross 1 hour down and sell GBP JPN

if not cross 4 hours /up/,

--- 帖子 #478 ---
It's nice to see your thinking in real time. As I see the GBP/JPY setting up at 12:00 GMT, the 1 hr is still trending up, just hitting the 80 line, 15m is nicely down, and 30m is starting down, just about to cross the 80.

So since the 1 hr is not yet confirming down, there is no sell signal yet.

Anybody else reading it the same way?

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Still very much a noob but we followed it down on a nice run at asian open (gbp/jpy) and then watched it retrace back up 100 pips.  4hr seems to be flattening out and trying to go up, which kind of matches the daily which is flat and may be going north.  I took a quick scalp when the hourly topped out but the 4hr and daily dont seem right for me at least now to short, may need to give it some time, but the setup in the morning was very nice with 4hr clearly showing down unlike now where it seems to be going north somewhat.

EDIT:  As usual having said that it is slowly coming down now

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Hi Brainjt,

Nice set up.

What is that bold yellow and green thing in the bottom half of your screen?

Do you have a copy of that indicator?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Spud,

Thanks for posting your MTF Stoch approach.  After having viewed the thread, I took my first live trade on the Cable for 15 pips (see attached chart).   It'll obviously take a lot more experience to best understand the nuances of this method, but it's simple enough and your explanations couldn't be any clear.  I'll continue to watch this thread closely and learn from you

and the other contributors.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Firstly thanks to Spudfyre for this great method. Two trades two winners

There is an excellent Stoch inidie coded by CJA at Forex-Tsd (http://www.forex-tsd.com/101702-post92.html) that shows all tf's stochs on your chart in addition to direction and placement i.e. above 80 below 20. It also has pretty colors..........

Just give credit to CJA, hope this helps you unclutter your MT4 terminal.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Thank you for the indicator

Looks really nice.

Ok I like to see the lines where they are exactly. If they just crossed the 20 or if they are ready to turn but it is a very clever work and gives you information for time frames you might not look all the time like weekly or monthly

Regards

--- 帖子 #484 ---
ITGUY from what I see there is a difference between the indicator you posted and the "normal" stochastics. For the 15 min it says that it is above 80 and pointing up while the normal stoch is pointing down. And for the 4H it says that it is above 80 pointing down when the normal stoch is below 80 and pointing up.

Any ideas?

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Spud,

Many thanks to you for sharing your insights on Stoch.  Since the beginning of March using your methodology my live account has increased 36.5%.  I have never understood Stochs as I have before your explanations.  I have done alot of reading about Stochs since you started this thread.  It's like a puzzle that it starting to fit together for me.

I read George Lane's original article on Stochastic and he also recommended the use of MTF in certain trading setups.  Also, I have thought for some time that MACD was the primary indicator to use for seeing divergence.  Stoch, as stated by Lane, also works well to show divergence.

I don't trade GJ, but trade GU almost exclusively.  For me this methodology works on GU along with a couple of simple additions that I have created.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #486 ---
I've read and re-read this thread and the downloads available...and I quite like the ease of the methodology. I have found that at this point I am very good at picking out what would have been entry points for trades, after the fact

I'm not yet to the point where I am seeing them as they are happening. If anyone is trading on this system now, it'd be helpful, and very much appreciated, if you could share some of your thoughts in real time as you are making some trading decisions. It would make it easier for those of us who aren't quite there yet to start to see the potential trades as they are happening.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
I wanted to add to KudZuFx message that I am also using spud's system to trade Gbp/Usd. I added the camarilla lines that also work very nice.

My account did not increase that much but I am in a positive trend and most of my losses are due to my stupidity of not following the rules every time.

?? KudZuFx what are the additions you did to the system??

--- 帖子 #488 ---
nice entry, et 4,00 on chart,

Ive problem with indictaros from post 482- it doesnt works on alpari MT4 with ex.4, only mq.4- whats is necessary to do please? thx

--- 帖子 #489 ---
next trade on GBPJPN down

--- 帖子 #490 ---
I have a configuration of MAs that help me see exhaustion of price which compliments what I am seeing on the Stochs.  The Stoch, as I see it, are indicating the push and pull of momentum.  I trade best when I can identify the easing of momentum.

When I get a chance I'll send you a screen shot.  However, I don't want to hijack Spud's thread since this thread is mostly about Stochs.

Have a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Brainjt,

Can you please post a template of your multiple stochastic setup?

Thanks, DL

--- 帖子 #492 ---
WOW………….36.5% gain, that is phenomenal. Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
I am looking forward to your screen shot of your MA's too.

Tim

--- 帖子 #494 ---
It would be interesting to see your screen shot.  Please post it.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Here it is.

This MA setup is basicly to trade when the Stoch and price agree on the H4 chart.  Meaning that when price has reached an outside limit of the RED line usually the Stoch will show price exhaustion.  Nothing works 100% of the time.  But this helps me.  Price tends to stay in the grey area most often.

Thanks again Spud for your insights into stoch.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Were there any trades with this method on Friday?

--- 帖子 #497 ---
I just wanted to say "Thank you Spudfyre", for taking the time to create/maintain the thread and the lay out your ideas for trading the multiple time frame stochs.  I had tried some things with stochs in the past with not a lot of success, but reading through this thread and watching charts to help absorb what you were saying has helped me see things differently - and wow!  355 pips last week in my live account (any of you pros that are taking 1000+ per week feel free to enlighten me  ), and trading with a confidence I've never felt before.  I'm slowly getting better at exiting, but I tend to be fairly conservative and many times i ditch a trade too early!  My current broker doesn't offer GbpJpy, but i saw plenty of movement out of the GpbUsd, UsdCad & UsdChf to keep me busy, and it looks like EurJpy could have an exciting week next week.

Sorry to ramble, Spud, thanks again!

--- 帖子 #498 ---
It's nice to hear about your successes. I've also been following this thread now for a while...but I am still at the stage of seeing the great setups only after the fact!! I'll keep at it and hopefully will be reporting my successes soon. If you have the time as you are seeing the setups maybe you can post here, that might help those of us still absorbing the system to recognize the triggers.

Good luck trading next week.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
There were three trades that I saw............gbpjpy, gbpusd, eurusd, all on the London open.

Tim

--- 帖子 #500 ---
thanks tim

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Don't ever feel unhappy about ditching a trade too early as long as you have a positive pip flow and gaining confidence, that is all that counts!

Thanks for the nice comments

--- 帖子 #502 ---
I'm back from my "working" vacation and will be posting trades here starting Monday.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Welcome back...........we missed you.

Tim

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Hope you had a relaxing time Spud.

You will be pleased to see that the followers of this thread seem to be doing well using the information you shared before going away. Hopefully, now you are back this thread can pick up more momentum and you can clarify some of the finer points of MTF Trading.

My contribution to this thread would be to look closely at the 2.00 gmt (10.00 am in Tokyo) and the 7.00 - 8.00 am gmt (Frankfurt and London opening) time slots. If the price has risen/fallen to the s/r lines which equate to the H3 or L3 on the Camarillas and the stochastics turn and are just coming through the 20/80 then the chances of a decent move to the opposite H3/L3 are very good. I am presently trading with this method with 2 lots, closing the first at the H/L3 and the second at the H/L4 (once the first lot has taken profit I bring the stoploss of the second lot to B/E or a little higher if the second lot is well in profit).

The price, most days will move between the H3 and L3 and the MTF Stochastic method is ideal for judging when the price is bouncing off those resistance/support lines. Hope this may prove useful.

Once again Sud, thanks for sharing your thoughts with us all.

Dave W

--- 帖子 #505 ---
A few people have been pointing me to Camarillas which I am now studying. Thanks for your insight.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Just a "few" people have been asking how to grow their account from start.  I have been meaning to start such an adventure and that adventure will begin.

I am only going to speak in terms of pips and net pips...since we all may trade different lot sizes and different brokers.  Net pips are pips earned less broker fees.  I'll consider Interest a tax and not part of net pips.

I am going to start at 500 pips in the account.  Targets will be based on net pip gains and then I will move on to the next target (as opposed to time or pips/day) There of course will be a pip bank to hold all the extra pips made...and let us hope there is a lot!

The early going will be structured to keep risks low and try to protect the account.  Keep reality in mind that 500 pips is not a lot of pips to have to start so it is pretty hard to protect in a really bad situation.  Therefore trades will be cautious and there will be lots of quick pip grabs.

As I progress I will initially take larger risks due to the smaller account but eventually work to reduce gains to increase risk protection until I am in a position where the risk is on a steady decline and the gains on a steady incline.

You can trade along with me if you like....at your own risk of course.  I will post my trades and the pip targets.

I will be trading 3 pairs to start...eurusd, gbpusd, gbpjpy.  I will explain trade strategy as I go...it will be easier to see live than in pre-trade theory.

Stops will always start at 50 pips but be dynamic and change during the course of any trade....I use stops to protect the account not the trade..at 500 pips there will not be much account protecting.

All pairs will trade on 15/30/1H stochs with the middle time frame being the entry as it crosses down from 80 or up from 20...having the 15M time frame already signaling the same.  More on this later.

Exits depend on the 15/30 time frames or pip gains.

EURUSD will grab small pips and is there to keep us busy...low priority if it interferes with a GBP trade.

GBPJPY will offer the most pips (and greatest risk) but is the highest trade priority.

I will always be entering trades M-F 6 am to noon EST.  I'll announce any times not trading or trading extra beyond that.  Note:  I usually trade 6 am to midnight with breaks....but it is summer

--- 帖子 #507 ---
These are the initial trade targets:

Starting Balance:  500 pips

1.  Goal: 100 pips  Base: 10 pips/day  Ending Balance:  600 pips (+20%)

2.  Goal: 200 pips  Base: 15 pips/day  Ending Balance:  800 pips (+60%)

3.  Goal: 200 pips  Base: 15 pips/day  Ending Balance:  1000 pips (+100%)

Notes:

Trades are based on 1 lot traded.  Goal is to double starting pips.

Pips/day is to keep track of what is considered a successful day in trading...see pip bank.

First priority of all trades is to reach the pips/day goal either with one or several trades. <<< DISCIPLINE >>>  Don't chase the pips without protecting your gains!!!!

Pip Bank:

Pips/day is considered the base income applied to the account gain goals.  Any higher pip gains above pips/day should be placed in the pip bank and not applied to the final goal....yet.  The pip bank is the dynamic safety net to protect the account at this stage and works better than "stop losses".

When 1000 pips are reached in combination of total account balance from pips/day and pip bank will be the only time to withdraw pips from the pip bank and move on to new targets.

Trade as much as you can each and every day.  This is not a time to sleep but to trade!  Trade on every signal you can....but don't force trades that don't exist...wait for the signal.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Spud,

Thank you for offering to take us along live in your trading. This will clear up many questions everyone (including myself) have about how to trade this in real time instead of after the fact.

Thanks again!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Here is a great link Spud.
http://www.camarillaequation.com/

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Spud,

I think where I get most confused is I study both your and TEB's system. Sometimes his says one thing and yours says another. Can you please explain the difference between yours and his and do you use his at all?

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Spud,

Welcome back ! I look forward to your new adventure.  As a preliminary...what is the best approach in terms of a screen set up. Should I have the 15M/30M/1H and the respective stochs for each of the 3 pairs on my screen?

Thanks for the time and patience you have taken to answer our questions.

jj/.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
TEB can correct me but I believe his system captures momentum more and mine price moves in the trend or counter to the trend..  To put that simply, TEB's system is capturing the trade later based on the longer term trend so that his system tries to capture larger price gains once the trend is well established and in it's peak pip moves.  My system identifies price changes and tries to capture the shorter term price moves.

If you think of the letter "V" and the overall daily trend is up, my system would trade both sides of the "V", where TEB's system would trade only the up side of the "V", looking for a longer or larger price move on the up side.  My system would capture the move either at the tip of the left leg, at the rise at the bottom point, and exit somewhere along the leg of the right side.  TEB's would enter past the bottom point and ride to the top right tip of the "V".

I believe that is the difference simply speaking.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
I put all 3 pairs on my screen.  Left side is the 15M stoch and price.  To the right of the 15M is the 30M of each pair and to the right of that the 1H. See pic below:

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Wow!  Welcome back Spud.  This is going to be fascinating.  That's a great explanation of the differences between yours and TEB's - both successful in their own right.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Spud, I like the way you have your screen set up, with everything all on the one page.

What charting platform do you use that allows you to set things up in that way?

Oh, one other question. Why will the 4hr stoch no longer be used? I was under the impression that it was the main reference, and that the shorter time frames were principally used to fine tune entries.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Spud,

Thanks for an excellent explanation!!!!

I'm looking forward to trading with you.

B.

--- 帖子 #517 ---
You are waiting for a reversal? because the 30 min are also pointing up and the 1hr also. (gbp/usd)

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Platform - MT4 (strategybuilderfx.com)

I am not using the 4H time frame as it will lag behind too far for most of the trades......except when the 4H lines up as per the "Escalator to Pips".

For the most part  I am using the 15/30 Tf's in tandem to find trades in the price swings to build the account.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Maybe.   Waiting for the 30M to get in sync with 15M and seeing where the 1 Hr is.  This first cycle may be too early (eg eurusd).  We may see the 15M linger above 80 for a while or it may dip back to 20 and that would be a better trade to catch it in sync with the 1H on the way up.  Have to see what develops.

--- 帖子 #520 ---
There was a great setup at 4AM CST on Cable. up 48 now, unfortunately I was about 30 minutes late and didnt get in.

http://img185.imageshack.us/img185/7...3125zy3.th.jpg

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Spud what do you think about opening a free chat room like paltalk (or others similar) so that it will be more easy to follow your trades in real time ?

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Live chat at Paltalk, room is "Spudfyre MTF"

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Great Spud !

--- 帖子 #524 ---
CEO,

Is that an indicator you have that paints arrows on the charts where the stoch's cross? Is it accurate? Can you post it? Can I ask any more questions???

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
A new chat site will be available on Tuesday for live trading of what has been discussed here.

You can find the chat site here (password: spudchat)

http://www.chatzy.com/786363023073

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Well, I think most of us had a long day trading on the live chat site.  It started with promising set-ups went into no action for the day and then just before supper a down spike in GBPJPY gave us a great day's ending.

So here are the results on Day 1 to the 500 pip goal:

Daily quota: 10 pips

Pip Bank: 20 pips

EURUSD: -4 pips (2 trades one +12 one -16 pips)

GBPUSD: +10 pips

GBPJPY:  +24 pips

Total: +30 pips

--- 帖子 #527 ---
No, not on the charts, just in the stochs window. I find it a little easier to see all up/down arrows. I have a profile set up like Spuds for 5 pairs with just the stochs showing. I watch my stochs bars in another profile and if I see a setup coming I switch to that one, check the stochs, then switch back and trigger. I have my fibs, trendlines, ect on the one I watch all the time.

Here it is tho....

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Also I have another 10 or so Stochs related indicators I havent went through. Ill post them and there may be a useful one in the bunch. But if there is, you gotta tell

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Here are the results on Day 2 to the 500 pip goal:

Daily goal: 10 pips (until 100 pips reached)

Pip Bank: 30 pips

GBPJPY:  +25 pips

GBPUSD: -15 pips (early exit before news to keep 10 pip gain)

EURUSD: +10 pips

Total: +50 pips

Days Traded: 2 (for 20 pips)

GJ was an easy trade with all 3 time frames aligned and the 4H supporting an escalator type trade.  Price spiked fairly quickly down to target profit.

GU was a late entry before news and rather risky and decided to pull out with net 10 pip gain on day to meet goal.

EU traded in afternoon and was again slow but finally took off for some pips.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Hi Spud,

Quick questions for you...I wasn't around to catch the GY spike down with the stochs lined up a little while ago.  However, the 15/30 stochs dropped below 20 and came back out.  So my question is do you recommend taking this type of setup after the opposite setup occurred 90 minutes ago?

1st green line - 15/30/60 Stochs dropped below 80

2nd green line - 15/30 came above 20

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Hi Spud,

I went ahead a took the order long on GY at 239.26 since the stochs were (as far as I could tell) in alignment.  I set a TP of only 10 pips (to fulfill the daily target) and it successfully hit the profit level.

Thanks again for your continued support on this thread.

--- 帖子 #532 ---
NitroFX,

Would you please be kind enough to let us know what Stochastic MTF indicator you have on your chart?  It's seems so much easier to read than mine.  Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Concerning the previously posted indicators. They do not look exactly like mine. I do not have the 4H above 80 for such a long time and the 1H pattern does not look like mine.

Even if it looks nicer I am not sure is a correct one.

Regards

--- 帖子 #534 ---
No problem...I attached the MTF_Stoch indicator that I use (which I believe I found somewhere on this thread or TEBS).  The only variable you need to change is the "TimeFrame" which should be entered in as minutes.

Also, if you look at my screenshot you'll notice that the VALUES for the MTF_Stoch (left side) are exactly the same as if you charted it separately (right side) which is important.  The thing to consider is that the shape of the stoch gets choppier the further away from the current time frame.  I keep my primary chart on 15M, and will change the TF if needed but the MTF gives you an accurate view of the shape.  If you want to see the EXACT shape, you simply change TF's.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Capsmart,

Check my post above.  I have my default chart on 15M, so that's why it looks like the 4H was above the 80 for a long period (it was for 4 15M candles).  If I would have switched my main TF to 4 Hours, my guess is it would look like yours.

With the MTF Stoch indicator, the further away from the current time frame, the choppier the stoch looks.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
thanks Nitrofx for the indicators.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
No problem, hope it helps simplify everything.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
It looks like the GBP and EUR are almost setup for a long (15/30/1H below 20 and heading north).   Spud, would you take the trade once the 30M closed at 20+ even though it's 23:15 GMT right now and ~8 hours away from UK open?

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Here's my result with Spud MTF trading :

[30 Apr 2007]

Daily quota: 10 pips (ok)

Pip Bank: 9 pips

EURUSD: -12 pips

GBPUSD: 17 pips

GBPJPY: 14 pips

Daily Total: 19 pips

Gran Total: 19 pips

[1 Mag 2007]

Daily quota: 10 pips (ok)

Pip Bank: 29 pips

EURUSD: 5 pips

GBPJPY: 25 pips

Daily Total: 30 pips

Gran Total: 49 pips

--- 帖子 #540 ---
I'd like to share my metatrader profile that I'm actually using to trade with Spud Stoch, hope it helps

http://img151.imageshack.us/img151/8...udstochtp7.jpg

Instructions:
Just extract the SpudFyre Stoch.zip into your ..\Metatrader\Profile directory and put Big_Stochastic and EJ_CandleTime indicators into your indicators folder, then select SpudFyre Stoch profile from menu File -> Profile

http://img84.imageshack.us/img84/4338/spudstoch1ko1.jpg

and you should see something like my above picture. The Big_Stochastic is a simple indicator that i created to show a bigger value of Stochastic on top-right corner window.The EJ_CandleTime indicator tell us how much time (minute:seconds) is left to candle closing.

Note : Be aware that this profile is set for my resolution at 1280x1024, if you have different resolution screen, just click on menu Window -> Tile Horizontally (or Tile Vertically) to line up perfectly with your screen.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Skyline

Thanks so much for sharing your setup. What is the value that shows on the chart with an <--- mark

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Oh sorry I forgot to include it , it's the EJ_CandleTime indicator, it tells how much minute:seconds left to candle closing.

I will update previous post and add it

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Hello spudfyre

I started recently looking at your Thread. You have an unbelievable passion to help other members grow with you. your detailed explanations are awesome.

I am excited and would like to tryout your new 500 PIP building acccount. There is so much information on the thread, it would really help me and new members if you can summarize your trade setup, entry and exit for building this account. I sincerely appreciate you doing this.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
I just downloaded Skyline's "Spud Stoch" profile and indicators.  When I chose SpudFyre in my profile folder the charts came up but without info.

Each chart says "Waiting for Update."  Does anyone know how to remedy this problem?   Thanks

--- 帖子 #545 ---
I had this same problem recently, The way i solved it was to open a new chart and install the new indicators, then discarded the old chart.

Kilo

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Okay Kilo, Thanks, I'll try it.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
If you have the market watch window in the side you can just drag the symbol from that window over and drop it on the chart.  you can also change the pair that you are looking at that way.  If you don't have the market watch window you can go to 'View' and click on it to get it to show up there.  Hope that's enough detail :-)

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Here's a screen shot of my setup for some quick pips.

Notice the far right is eurusd  the 5M is the large window and the 15/30 are to the top right....when the 5M lined up with the 15/30 I set to grab 5 pips

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Rgenandt,

That worked.  Man, I never knew you could do that.  Thanks much.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
[2 Mag 2007]

Daily quota: 10 pips (ok)

Pip Bank: 39 pips

EURUSD: 4 pips

GBPUSD: 6 pips

GBPJPY: 10 pips

Daily Total: 20 pips

Gran Total: 69 pips

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Hello All,

Have been folllowing this thread and Tebs with keen interest....

you know ,i'm sure, the steps involved in learning to trade and i'm sure we are all at different stages.ME ,i still lose on a regular basis and i know the problem(s).

although i am still only at demo stage,i try to treat it as if it were real.so that i can deal with all the emotions and at the same time learn how and when i receive them, so that i can learn to deal with them.

Discipline and money manage ment are still issues for me but having studied and apllied many systems ,some my own ,some other peoples,i have until now not found anything that jumped of the page at me and said.....THIS IS THE ONE !!!!

Soooo!!! i at least can say that i have discovered a method that sits right in my head, which is where it must be comfortable....

And for that i can only offer my utmost thanks to both spud and teb for their generosity.i was leaning towards mtf for a while but was yet to find the approach....now i have.

For me these two method are highly complimentary and i would suggest to anyone reading this thread not to change a thing about these methods... just practice, practice ,practice.....it just doesn't get any simpler or make more sensethan this.

Truly grateful

well thats the method down, now all i need is to control my own emotions and deal with the other two aspects...two years downs only four to go.

just a quick question... if you know the answer and yet do nothing about it ,what does that mean

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Quicker Pipping

--------------

Well a light bulb went off in my head last night after our informative Slick60 handed us his picture on trading the 5 min GbpUsd.  I hope he shares the details of that diagram so we can all learn the 1-2-3-divergence dance.

What I did glean out of it was a nice easy way to grab quick pips off the EurUSd and GbpUsd.  This is probably good for any small spread pair.

Word of warning!  I have only tested this one day live but I'm up to 48 pips out of 12 trades straight with most trades lasting 15 mins or less!!

I have spent the entire afternoon looking over charts so I'm fairly comfortable thinking this is a winning methodology but you may want to demo it a while or wait for me too lose my money first.

There is no reason for it not to work since it follows the hard core rules of MTF Stochastic trading...so no magic here....just a time frame move.

How this works is to trade the 5M stoch in the direction the 15/30 stochs are pointing..given they are close to the beginning of their run long or short from 80 or 20 as per the 80/20 rules I have spoken at length of here in this thread.

You'll get even better win ratios I am sure using more time frames like adding the 1H and even the 4H.

Then you grab 5 pips or exit when the 5M goes from 80 and hits 20 or vice versa.  It doesn't have to hit right on the exit line of 20 or 80...just get out if you are up pips and it gets near the exit.  So maybe you get 1 pip or 5 pips..doesn't matter just grab and go.

An example on EurUSd:

We are looking for a normal entry for short.  The 15M has curled from 93 stoch and crossed down to 79 stoch level.  The 30M is pointed down at the 83 stoch level.

We now look at the 5M stoch to be pointed down...you may need to wait or it may be there waiting for you.  It should be above 70 on a short stoch...higher up the better.

Now we go short and put a TP of 5 pips in and a S/L of 20 (I haven't gone above -10 yet during the trade).

We exit when our TP is hit...it usually hits the TP near the 20 or just past the 20...but many hit during the first 5 min candle too.

If the 5 min hits 20 or goes past 20 then just settle for whatever pips you have +/-.  You can opt to ride out the 15min next but it's a much larger risk compared to grabbing these easy quick pips!

In fact, I have to say it has been so easy making pips this way I actually got a little bored..there were no heart throbbing moments at all....no challenge.

Now, I can't say this is always going to be this way...but our friend slick50 may share with us some really good stuff that can add to this and make life even more pipable!  That is up to him as he has worked hard on his system and I respect his time.

I share this with you so you can use it if you like and judge for yourself if it works.  I'm going to use it for a while and really put it to the test.

So this may seem pretty obvious...but you'd have to live my experience trading 5 min charts to understand why I have avoided 5 min charts for trading for years.  But this uses the same basic rules so why I never tried this until today..beats the heck out of me.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Here are the results on Day 3 to the 500 pip goal:

Daily goal: 10 pips (until 100 pips reached)

Pip Bank: 38 pips

GBPJPY: no trades

GBPUSD: -29 pips (I had to stay up all night to rescue that)

EURUSD: +48 pips

Total: +68 pips

Days Traded: 3 (for 30 pips)

GU....I entered this trade Tuesday night and it went bad to worse right of the bat unable to break the support line.  I stuck to it and bailed out on one rise at about 2 am est and then bought some more to cover my loses to ride another long which was much better but it cost me an entire night's sleep.  At one point I was down -90 pips on one lot but the stochs said to stay..so I stayed in...which paid off in the end.  I took a -29 pip loss due to falling asleep on the job...trader's hazard!  So bailed out when I awoke and swore alot.

However all was not a loss because during those hours Slick50 gave me two pictures of his trading method that inspired me to look at something differently which I just shared in this thread.

So I took from the pip bank 29 pips to cover losses, but have gained another 38 extra today with 12 trades on EurUsd to add...so overall it ended up a really great day.

3 days and am 68% done of the first 100 pip target.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Spud,

Do you use this new 5min. scalp system on the eur/usd only?

B.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Nitro,

Thank you for posting the MTF Stoch indicator. So far I'm 2 for 2 with it. It makes trading this system so much easier!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Hi!

Please could you show 1 chart with 1 step-by-step setup forming for your trade? I so need to understand 1 trade from start to end!

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #557 ---
I received some pm about profile posted some days ago, because seems to not working properly, so I put here the template so that you can arrange by yourself the charts. This template use the new Big_Stochastic v1.1 indicator , that now display a little arrow pointing up or down depending if %K is more than %D or viceversa.

Hope it helps

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Well done for sticking with the trade and not missing so much being asleep.

Unfortunately I missed some of the chat slick was giving yesterday on the chatroom and just basically got the gist of looking at the 5 min for divergence, but I'm not sure how the 1-2-3 relates to the trade.

I understand 1-2-3 reversals but I failed to see any within the recent trading action. I would therefore appreciate it if you could share the pictures of the setup so I can understand it better.

From your description above it simply sounds the same as your trading set up but using the 5 15 and 30 min charts instead of longer term charts.

Any help appreciated and if slick would like to share I'm sure we would all benefit from his(her) expertise.

Thanks in advance.

G-Man (PinnerForce)

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Just want to THANK YOU for sharing!

FXS

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Thx Spud & Slick for this new gems for us.

A little question : is still the stoch(5,3,3) on M5 chart ?

cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Have tried it on gu and eu only so far...i think any low spread pair would work.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
I use 5,3,3

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Thx Spud

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Interesting how EU H1 just re-crossed before M30, M15 or M5.

This takes you out, right?

FXS

--- 帖子 #565 ---
[quote=Spudfyre;1431221]Quicker Pipping

--------------
Spud quote ".....How this works is to trade the 5M stoch in the direction the 15/30 stochs are pointing..given they are close to the beginning of their run long or short from 80 or 20 as per the 80/20 rules I have spoken at length of here in this thread....."

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Spud I am not sure why you say that

8-9 times out of 10 the cross in the 20-80 zone

is better then the cross into the the 20 -80 3zone

I believe here on this chart it wins every time or is so closs its hard to tell

(both into the 20/80 or the true cross - you have to use the candle that follows of coarse)

& some of the win diff were really really big!!

wins runs make up for the loses

just a thought!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #566 ---
[quote=TEB63;1432075]
Actually, your diagram shows exactly what I am saying....what I am saying obviously didn't translate well when I wrote it.

Thanks for clearing that up and the pic.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
[quote=Spudfyre;1432089]
so you are saying get out of town before it crosses back out of the 20-80 zone?

which I think you would be safe because you have 2 cover charts over you then

& I would do that ... but that is a more risky move - believe you still win well over 70%

but have a SL in place as in this zone- it can move fast againt you & far!

TEB

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Measuring Stochastic Elasticity

Almost sounds like a physics class!?!  Anyways, for about 2 years I have been trying to develop a way to measure the elasticity of a stochastic move.  Elasticity being how much price moves when the stochastic moves.  Mathematically you can measure it in a ratio between price move versus stochastic move...or in pips versus percentage.

Today I found something that visually provides an elasticity measurement.

This requires the 5 minute time frame, a 5,3,3 stochastic and a 14,3,3 stochastic.  Using this tool will save you countless early entries and late exits.

Below is a diagram of a 5 min chart.  Price, 5,3,3 stochastic and 14,3,3 stochastic.  On the 5,3,3 the level lines are set at 20 and 80.  On the 14,3,3 the levels are set at 90,50,10.

The large drop in price was from a news event.  Notice how the 5,3,3 stoch gives 2 false moves crossing 80 down before the real move down.  Now look at the 14,3,3 stoch and see that there is one less false move.

To use this tool, the 5,3,3 will always move first as it responds faster.  The 14,3,3 will always follow.  What you want to wait for is the 14,3,3 confirmation before entry...or you want both the 5,3,3 and 14,3,3 to be moving in the same direction together.

Hopefully someone wise can program a stochastic indicator with the 14,3,3 and 5,3,3 "K" lines that can overlay each other in MT4.  Users of Tradestation seem to be able to do this.

There are more gems I will try to expalin as I learn them, but the underlying trait is that if the 5,3,3 moves and the 14,3,3 does not follow, it will be a weak price move.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
So why call it an elasticity indicator?  When you see a stochastic line move from 0 to 100...think of the top of the line attched to the 0 line by an elastic...as it goes up it will eventually snap back.  The stochastic doesn't tell us how much the price will move....sometimes the price may even diverge and move opposite to the stochastic movement.

The comparison of the 5 minute  5,3,3 stochastic and the 14,3,3 stochastic movements tells us exactly when a strong price move exists.

The diagram below should explain it all.  See how the 5,3,3 stoch make two large moves upwards but the 14,3,3 stochastic hardly moves up.  When the big price move comes both the 5,3,3 and the 14,3,3 stochastic jump right up.

--- 帖子 #570 ---
But isn't a 14.3.3 on the 5 min chart a very strong 5.3.3 on the 15 min chart?

an Idea - If you get in when both are good & stay till the 14.3.3

crosses agaist you you will get some big wins

If you go one step more & add a 3rd stoch @ 56.6.6 stoch & use it to cover you-

you will not get the big "D"

So we are back to MTFT?!

TEB

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Howdy Spud!

Wonderful thread.

I'm waiting for fast stoch line to cross 50 before entering.

Does this basically give the confirmation you're looking for

or is it too slow?

Also a confession: I love the MFT platform but have changed TF's

to M15,M30,H1,H4,D1

FXS

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Ok, so hopefully you can see how powerful elasticity is as a tool!

Now let's get complicated.  The 5,3,3 is going to move faster than the 14,3,3 so the 5,3,3 always leads.  As an example what do you interpret when the 5,3,3 moves from up from 20-80 then turns around and starts going down while the 14,3,3 has only moved from 20-50?

Ok, given we are in a long trade we would have the 15M and 30M stochastics moving up from 20.  So the power is in the upward motion.

Back to the 5,3,3 stoch on the 5 min chart.  Let's say it moves from 20-80 and then turns down to 75.  Let us say at the same exact time the 14,3,3 moves from 20 to 50.

Now the 5,3,3 moves down more from 75 to 25 while the 14,3,3 moves up a little from 50 to 55.  What to do?

We are in a long trade so the power is up.  So, say the 5,3,3 still goes down and drops below 20 and then turns back up to 25.  The 14,3,3 moves from 45 to 40.  The 14,3,3 is not going to respond quickly to the 5,3,3 down move if it is a WEAK down move!  The 14,3,3 is telling us this is simply the 5,3,3 stoch cycling and the move up is likely to be higher.

Which means in this case that the 5,3,3 will bounce back up and price with it.

If the 14,3,3 had followed the 5,3,3 down you would know that the price move down will be strong and may indicate a good time to get out of a trade and wait for the 14,3,3 and 5,3,3 to turn and come back up again.

This is best seen live during an active trade...so put the stochastic up on a 5 min chart and watch how the two stochastic work together to tell you exactly what the price moves will be.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Don't use 50 as a confirmation.  Has to cross 20 or 80 (20 up; 80 down).

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Spud,

Do you mean show the 5,3,3, and 14,3,3 in the same window like below?

Thats quite simple in MT4.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Ok, there seems to be lots of confusion on the 80/20 rule here and in the live trading session so I will try to clarify.

See diagram below for reference.

The reason I suggest people not to enter a trade above the 80 line or below the 20 line is that there can be HUGE price movement here...good and bad.  All the trouble you will ever face will almost always come from early entry before the stochastic passes the 80 going down or the 20 going up.  It's a dream if it goes your way...but can kill you if it goes against you and you don't have enough margin to play with or patience to ride it out.

I suggest that because my purpose in writing all this is to make people winners at forex...slow winners...consistent winners...but winners.  This is why I put in the 80/20 rule.  Those that trade live with me have seen the results of breaking this rule....on their own and yes...I break it too.  To my defense I break the rule with some insight into stochastics and price movement but when you see me in trouble...it came from breaking the 80/20 rule almost always.

Although MOST of the time the stochastic line goes up over 80 and down again...there are times when it bounces up and down above 80 making multiple peaks...this is where price can move way more than the stochastic shows because at stochastic levels above 80 and below 20, the stochastic is not moving in a linear fashion to price movements.  That means, a small 1% stochastic movement above 80 might mean 20 pips..where below 80 the percentage move may have been 15% or more.

To compensate for this, is why I brought in the "escalator".  You need not worry about what the stoch is doing above 80 on a long trade on the 15 min chart because you can go to the 30 min chart and see what is happening where the stochastic is still below 80.

To catch earlier moves simply use smaller time frames....if you want to try and gain more pips...add time frames....but longer time frames mean larger risk.

SO the basic 80/20 rule is this:

Enter a long trade only when at least two time frames (I suggest 3 to reduce risk) have come from BELOW the 20 line and risen above the 20 line and the candle is near closing or just closed (it does not have to do that in one candle).  That means as an example it went from 7-10 and then 10-25 percent on the 5,3,3 stochastic...you buy at the 25 percent stochastic level on the longest of the 2-3 time frames you trade given that the earlier time frames you are using have already moved up from below 20.

If you want reduced risk....wait until the 4H time frame makes this move or is rising but still well below 80 as a confirmation of direction.

It is extremely important to pay attention to the fact the stochastic has previously passed the 20 and "peaked"...made a "v" of some fashion below 20 before you enter a long trade.  If the stochastic comes down to 20 and bounces up...this is nowhere near as safe as the stochastic breaking below the 20 and coming back up.

The 80/20 rule will keep you safe....it may be tedious but you will win almost every single trade.  It may be boring but you will win almost every single trade.  It may not appear to often but you will win almost every single trade.  It will not maximize pip gains but....well you get the idea.

If the 80/20 rule is still confusing to you or you want to be sure you have it right...I will be glad to walk it through with you on a live trade in a chat room.  Just PM me here.  Learn the 80/20 rule with stochastics and you will almost never lose a trade.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Ahh I meant overlayed on the price chart with price under it.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
mm Spud i'm thinking about it but as you know the Stoch goes from 0 to 100 value while the price don't. So , as far as I can see it's not possible to overlay it on price chart giving the same shape as in a separate window. Anyway you can overlay as G-Man said (and as I did in my setup) multiple stoch but in a separate window.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
[3 May 2007]

Daily quota: 10 pips (failed)

Pip Bank: 39 pips

GBPUSD: 4 pips

GBPUSD: -20 pips

GBPJPY: 5 pips

Daily Total: -11 pips

Gran Total: 58 pips

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Hi Spud,

Firstly many thanks for sharing this info with us. For a very new newbie like me it is a dream come true and an extremely generous act.

There is something in your post 575 which seems like a contradiction but is almost certainly my lack of understanding and I would be very grateful if you would explain it to me.

In one paragraph you say 'if you want to try and gain more pips - add time frames - but longer time frames mean larger risk'

In the next you say 'Enter a long trade only when at least two time frames {I suggest 3 to reduce the risk '

I suspect that this means that I should use the 1H as confirmation of the 15 and 30M but that I shouldn't necessarily stay with the 1H once the 30M has exhausted itself but I would be grateful if you would enlighten me.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
I suggest only using the 5,15,30,1H to use for entry/exit.  Use the 4H or even day to know direction of market if you want to trade with past trend.

The problem with higher timeframe trading is you expose yourself to much larger draw downs as the market cycles....with small margin trading it can be deadly.  80/20 works on high time frames but you have to be prepared to ride out 100 pip plus drawdowns sometimes.

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Hi Spud

I think you are on to a good thing here

I have played with these two stoch settings before

& they never worked

but I had a brain storm last night - to add a cover chart

4 hours is too long

- 30 mins too short ( but I might do some more work with this one)

I tried the 1 hour (which is also  basically a strong 3 hour stoch setting as well

- 14.3.3 on the hour is basically a very very strong 5.3.3 setting on the 3 hour)

& it worked great!!

again I set up on the hour chart -

which is also basically a 3 hour chart(1433 etc)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/USD hour

- blue line is a clear in

then I moved to the 5 min chart which is also the 15 min ( 14.3.3 etc)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5 min eur/Usd

The line is from the hour chart

arrows buys

"X" out

I will share this on my site as well

but wanted to give you the credit

for at least getting me thinking

I am sure you will work it the reverse to me

anyways good going

I had some very good trades here

& I did it with with the Usd/Jpy as well

thanks

TEB

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Hehe...I'll ty and go the same way TEBS!  Looks interesting...thanks for the weekend homework!  Will study.

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Teb,

If you remember a week ago or so I introduced the 15,5,5 stoch as a confirmation on the 1hr chart. This new addition of the 14,3,3 is the same thing just a different setting.

If you take a 1hr chart and look what happens when the 14,3,3 and 5,3,3 agree I think you will see almost all winning trades!

I'm thinking maybe we can develop something here using the 1hr 14,3,3 and 5,3,3 as the major direction of the trade and zoom into a smaller TF for entry/exits.

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Hey there spud! Nice thread, interesting experiments. I also started off with a very small account.

Try using 100, 10, 3 setting on your stochastic indicator, H4 charts. Superb statistical tool in my opinion.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
What can I say you are right ..

I will give you credit too ..

you sowed some great seeds

sorry it takes sometime to work stuff into thick head!!

The lights just went on last night

I have played with the 2 stochs on the same chart

-  many settings - many times

I just never thought of two charts before

I find with just the two on one chart it works great for a while

then you get hit in chop or the big "D"

but with the cover chart ... its looks great

I did some back testing.....

I am intersted to see what Stud says

He is kinda like Ginger Rodger - to my Fred Astaire

... He does everything I do but backwords & in high heals

so if he also can make it work it might be something

anyways it was fun today

TEB

--- 帖子 #586 ---
I'm Fred...you are Ginger!

--- 帖子 #587 ---
LOL!

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Spud,

WOW! Thanx!

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Excellent work, Spud.

THANK YOU!!

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Spud's quote: "To refine entry and exit you can switch to a 5 min chart and do the same thing after getting an indication on the hour chart. This will improve pip profit but use the 1H TF for the anchor on buy/sell indications for 80/20 rule. In otherwords....let the 1H show you the entry/exit in the hour...but refine that hour with the 5Min."

Like I stated... Use the 1 hr as the main chart. Zoom in and take the entry/exit from a smaller time frame. This is how I've been trading both Teb's and Spud's system from day 1. Look at Tebs thread. I brought up using 14,3,3, or 15,5,5 on the 1 hr TF as a main signal.

I hope I contributed to Spud and Teb's system with this advancement.

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #591 ---
By the way, Here was the original on this thread.

B,

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Enuff said!!!!!

B.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Thorough back testing through the night of my previous post was getting to many drawdowns.  I have since removed that post...but working on refining the tool as it looks very promising but needs some wrenching to give the win ratio I like

So if you read that post, please disregard it...I'll be updating.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
you Always - Always - Always need atleast 3 stochs!!

with the 2 stochs on the 2 charts of the the "TEB2" system it does seem to work

- again from the Top down "Ginger"

(I thought about calling the new system the TEB.BS

but that would not be good for creditiblitiy so I will call it the TEB2)

TEB

--- 帖子 #595 ---
While playing with the 5,3,3; 14,3,3; and 15,5,5 stochastics on the 1H chart I have noticed 3 traits that signal price moves.

1.  Elasticity - this occurs prior to a price move where the 5,3,3 stretches away from the other 2 stochs and then snaps back.  Elasticity periods seem to be points of lesser pip moves.

2.  Tightness - this is where all 3 stochs are moving closely together (which would mean they are in agreement.  Tightness usually follows an elasticity or convergence period and pretty much occurs as price moves.   Tightness periods seem to be points of strong pip moves.

3.  Convergence - this follows an elasticity period and the area of convergence usually signals the price reversal and entry point.  Periods after convergence seem to equal price reversals and strong pip moves.

The 5,3,3 is the thick black line and measures elasticity

The 14,3,3 (red)/15,5,5(blue) are for convergence and tightness measurements with the 5,3,3.

This seems to play out as a very consistent pattern.  Obiously it is easier to see the "big" elasticity periods and tight convergences.

Taking this information from the 1H and moving to lower time frames...like 5M will focus your entry point better and allow you to see convergences much better.

So to sum up:

Elasticity comes BEFORE a convergence.

Convergence of the stochs is the entry point.

Tightness is a good time to be in the trade.

Use multiple time frames to focus convergence periods and see the elastic cycles more clearly.  When you see it all together it is quite clear.

Convergence is more an "area" then a single point.  Nice when stochs all sit on top of each pother, but more often than not they will converge very closely to each other.  The convergence area pip moves seem small in most cases from close to close so being too early or a little late shouldn't have huge effects on your pips or draw downs from what I can see so far.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Are referring to your discussion about elasticity as needing more refining?  If not what topic is it?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Sorry I was referring to TEB's post and playing with the 5,3,3/14,3,3 stochs on the 1H/5M as well as Bag's 15,5,5 setting.

The elasticity part and tool holds true.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Spud,

Thanks for the most recent download from your brain.....

One question. Is the idea then to have the 1H window with the 3 stoch in, once a convergence pattern forms dow e then switch to the 5M window looking for the best entry point and disregard the 15 and 30 or look at all three to be lined up before taking the entry?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #599 ---
You are using 3 of the 4 major Stoch settings

I wonder if adding the last one 8.3.3

would do anything to really see

that is going on in the market at anyone time frame?!

TEB

--- 帖子 #600 ---
you know Stud

you might use the 8.3.3 as a base line stoch

let the other 3 play off it?

with your ideas - I think it might work

I am gone for the weekend

TEB

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Hmmm....the fundamental basics are to use multiple time frame charts with stochs in them....this simply gives more precision but is harder to use and more difficult to visually see as opposed to one single chart.

Having said that, as before you want to look at multiple time frame charts in tandem and how they relate to each other...whether you use 2,3 or 4 the degree of accuracy is going to increase with more agreement with more time frames...that's just simple logic.

Using the 1H and 5M with 3-4 stochs is really giving you a wide range of time frame information on 2 charts.

Look at the 1H as scanning the horizon with your eyes and the 5 min as using a high powered telescope to focus on a small area.  You'll see everything with your eyes but the details are fuzzy unless you can look closer.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Hi, As a new boy can I first of all add my thanks to Spudfyre for his hard work, openess and honesty regarding his trading strategy and all the other traders who have added their own valuble contributions. I have followed this thread for a month now and would now like to be an active trader of this system plus an active contributor. I do trade Forex full time, 5 days a week all year. I note in Posting 572 that Spudfyer offers a chance to walk through a Live Trade in a Chart Room. I would very much like to take up this offer if it being offered to a new boy like myself. I can assure you, the time would not be wasted and my input in the future I feel would be meaningful, I thank you in anticipation.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
I found a very valuable indicator in Metatrader section of FF , it will display automatically in your platform the incoming news , downloading directly from ForexFactory calendar.

Here's original link discussion http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=19293

http://img246.imageshack.us/img246/7318/chartta7.gif

Note : To let the indicator works properly, be sure to flag the option 'Allow DLL imports'  (you can find it by pressing CTRL+O then select Tab Expert Advisor)

Thank to DerkWehler for this little gem

--- 帖子 #604 ---
I'm a newbie and really appreciate the education Spud is giving us about how to use stochs. I would like to know more about the maths/science behind stochs and wonder if anyone can point me in the right direction of some goodreading material.

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Not being rude but seriously just google the word stochastics, you will get plenty of hits.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
1. google stochastic

2. google stochastic each time with a different word - forex, stock, trend, range, formula, George Lane

3. remember that stochastic in general is an area of probability that is used by nearly everybody - the Stochastic Oscillator is a small planet in the overall stochastic universe

4. read everything you can find about stocs here at FF - Spud's is the best.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
I, too, would like to thank Spudfyre and all other who have invested in my forex education.  I  promise to return the favor to others once I have the ability to mentor. What a thrill it must be to help turn on the light for someone in a field that can change a family's future.

I have 2 questions...

Where would I join the live chat mentioned on this thread?

How do I open attachments?  I often see a link below a post, but my computer does not recognize the type of file.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
To all Spud's follower, I'm in touch with Fastbrokers to setup a new better chat room for all who wants to trade in live with Spud.

I will post here more detail when chat will be ready (hope next week)

Stay tuned

--- 帖子 #609 ---
I have been occupying most of my weekend studying the 5,3,3/14,3,3 phenomenon with stochastics and price moves.  As I stated here before this combination of stochastics gives you a great elasticity indicator and a measure of the strength of the price move versus the strength of the stochastic move.

However, while analyzing this I realized that although you can keep complicating the formula...the more complicated it gets the more interpretive it becomes.  Such as adding the 15,5,5 and looking for elasticity/convergence.  Dang if it doesn't work extremely well but it will give you a headache trading it.....so I decided to look harder to simplify it.

I spent a lot of time identifying the periods of sync between stoch moves and multiple time frames for scalping and how best to identify scalp moves when lo and behold I didn't discover something more interesting.

While looking at the charts a distinct pattern was developing to identify tops and bottoms on the price chart.  The bonus of this pattern is it is much clearer as the time frame increases...it is almost "perfect" on the day chart.  What is a little more strange, is that it was difficult to find any exact sync with multiple time frames but that each time frame would give you separate entries within the "boundaries" of the longer time frame moves....perhaps a little more along TEB's (Ginger's) ideas.

Below is a picture taken from a day chart.  There are a few rules to identify the pattern:

1.  In a short move (price has topped) the 5,3,3 stoch moves under the 14,3,3 stoch or they merge at a very high level.  On the price chart you are probably seeing a new high.

2.  In the long move (price has bottomed) the 5,3,3 stoch moves above the 14,3,3 stoch or they merge at a very high level.  On the price chart you are probably seeing a new low.

Now trading this signal gets becomes a little intuitive.  You want to interpret if you are seeing a new high or low rather quickly to maximize pips, but you also don't want to get faked out and jump in too early.

The good news is that fakes, especially on the daily chart are not that common.  Even in a fake you stand to know you are being faked out and can still gain pips with a careful exit.

The picture below shows a sell fake.  This is where elasticity can play a huge role.  Notice how much the 5,3,3 and 14,3,3 separate.  This is a good sign to try and get out of the trade before the 5,3,3 snaps back to the 14,3,3.  When you see that sign, you can save yourself!

You can limit risk by determining at what level the stoch makes the signal.

Both stochs:

above 90 - safest entry

above 80 - good entry, still quite safe

above 70 - good trades here but also lots of fake moves

below 70 - not recommended

Best suggestion is to grab a day chart and overlay the 5,3,3 and 14,3,3 "K" stoch lines together and then draw vertical lines at new highs and new lows.....you'll soon see what I am describing here quite clearly.  Now look for the fake outs and see the elasticity (seperation) of the 5,3,3/14,3,3.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Hi Spud

What Time frames are you looking @ trading with?

1 hour & 5 mins?

or Day & ?

TEB

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Trading the 5,3,3/14,3,3 on multiple time frames is a little different than previous discussions about stochs.

The problem is, if we look at a single long entry and exit area (low to high), you may have several dozen 5M cycles from low to high in the same day period...less 15 min cycles...less 30 min cycles  and so on.  It would be best to ignore any high to low cycles as we are long in the day.

What you have to determine first is what time frame you are going to use to trade.

Scalp on 5 min longs?

Or pip longs on 15/30/1H or even 4H?

Or maybe just trade the day long?

If you really want action, you could trade them all...but here you are not escalating...you are simply trading each unique time frame as a separate trade based on seeing the indication I explained earlier.

What you do use the multiple time frames for is to find the "zone".  For example let's walk through a long trade on a 30 min chart.

1.  The first thing we want to know is what the daily is doing and how long ago it made a long indication and how close it is to a new high.  It is better that the day is early in its long trade, near the low it has risen from and far away from a new high.

2.  You have to expect that the 30 min time frame is going to give you at least a few trades long as the daily climbs.  Now you can just use the 30 min and day chart as you are actually using 4 stochastic time frames with 5,3,3/14,3,3 on each chart.

3.  You may want to use the 5 min chart to optimize trade entries on the 30 min chart.  This would in fact give you 6 stoch time frames using 5,3,3/14,3,3 on each.  So in a long...you don't want to be entering a trade with the 5 min falling...you want to wait until it is rising.  This can be done anywhere along the 5 min rise.  I would prefer entering at a low point on the 5 min...just as you determine in the day and 30 minute.....but entering with the 5 min headed down from 80 is a bad idea.  Once you enter the trade you ignore the 5 min...I recommend not looking at it.

4.  Exiting the trade is going to be subjective.  The safest exit is going to be when the 30 min 5,3,3 tops out around 80-90.  The other way is more mathematical.  Simply look at all the previous longs on the 30 min 5,3,3 stochs and measure their pip gains to get an average pip gain per long stoch run up.  You'll find that the variance is usually quite small when the "trend" is up during the long stoch moves.  SO say you find the ip gains for the last 10, 30 min up stoch moves on the 5,3,3 from 20-80 were 20,25,28,33,27,19,35,40,28,30...then you might use the lowest (19) as you TP or the average (28) as a TP...or maybe split the difference and use 23.  If you see a wonky pip gain..say in this example you get a 10 pip gain...I'd just throw that number out and not use it.

There's a lot here to digest so if you are confused ask questions on what you don't understand and I'll dive deeper into those areas.  Please keep in mind this is somewhat different than the older MTF Stoch methods I have explained.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
All are possible.  The Day is very clear to signals, so I'd use it as my main reference point for trading long or short on any lower time frame (you'll probably like that part!)  Trading the day is for the more experienced I think because it is hard to get other time frames to support the trade.

Any other time frames traded should be used in conjunction with the day.  I'd probably do the following if it were me:

Day/4H/15

Day/1H/15 or 5

Day/30M/5M

I think you'd be wasting too much opportunity trading the 15 or 5 for scalps...unless you just want something to do.  I looked at this:

Day/30/5M trading the 5 min scalps with Day/30 in same direction as looking to be very accurate....not always going to get 5 pips, but sure to grab a few.  The biggest problem is 5M will diverge much more than other time frames.

Obviously the higher time frame trades the more pips is there for TP.  This is one time I'd advocate grabbing more pips and using the exit strategy I suggested with average pip gains from previous moves.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
I did some work comparing 30 & 60 mins

I found the 60 is just so much clearer cleaner.

that is, if it is your cover or trend chart.

I have also found if you use the same TF over & over again

you get to really know them ...

that is why I liked day 4 hour & 30mins for years

That is all I can say at this time

sorry I have no charts to show

-not at home

TEB

--- 帖子 #614 ---
One question that may arise is "What about the other Stochastic methods"?

I'm so giddy about this 5,3,3/14,3,3 indication and how it shows so much so clearly ...I'm a lot biased to using it for now.  The down side is I haven't used it much in live trading except to scalp and I made a bundle scalping the last few days.

I still look for the "holy grail" of MTF Stochastic trades I can trade and leave....I'm sure many of us look for that.  So far this is about as close as I have come to finding something that makes total logical sense and seems to identify moves so clearly that I am gaining confidence more and more that this could be long term traded without risk of large draw downs.

I'm just diving into this so long term accuracy using this is still unknown.  However, we have some great minds here in FF and hopefully we can identify the good and bad and keep on developing it.

So...if you want to be safe trading live, I'd suggest trading to the "classic" MTF stochastic methods before diving into this 5,3,3/14,3,3 stuff.

If you'd like to help develop this...I think using a lot of demo trading now may be a good idea.  I am going to trade it live simply because I concentrate more and get a better idea of how I do.  I am hoping what I write here will open up a of discuyssion because it looks very promising.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Yes it seems the longer time frames give a clearer picture.

I'm wondering if the smaller time frames may show us somethig during live trades as opposed to seeing them static?  Not sure if you have tested this on live charts with short TF's?   The elasticity thing works wonderful for scalping but you can see the development so much easier as the 5,3,3 and 14,3,3 actually move as opposed to back testing from the few days I have played with it.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
YEP--

I find esp when they both break the 50% on the stoch at the same time!!

at least on the 5 min chart

TEB

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Teb & Spud (Fred & Ginger) ,

I feel the 5,3,3 and 14,3,3 on the 1 hr is great for indicating the short term trend for scalping. If you look on the charts, when the 5,3,3 and 14,3,3 agree even for an instant, the move is good for 20 pips or so. I didnt research this, but throwing it out there... If the day and 1 hr agrees we can zoom into say the 15 or 5 mins to take a signal in that direction.

I guess what I am saying is the 1 hr seems to be key using the 5,3,3 with the 14,3,3... atleast for me.

Spud, You said you made a ton of pips scalping the 5,3,3 and 14,3,3... How did you go about it?

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #618 ---
I scalped on 5M for 5 pips when the 15/30 were in the same direction and tried to go with the trend.  However, I improved that by  a leap when I threw in the 14,3,3 stoch with the 5,3,3 and looked for both moving together.  That got even better when I saw the elasticity indication and figured out it's use.

However, I would agree with you and TEB's as I keep studying this that 1 Hr is a good indicator with 5,3,3/14,33.  I think with the 1H and Day signals together you can pretty much grab pips to your hearts content from 5,15,30,1H depending on how you like to grab pips.

I certainly like the long term opportunities this develops.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Below is a picture of the 1H GBPUSD chart.  The thick red vertical line on the left side is where the Day chart gave an indication to sell using the 5,3,3/14,3,3 stochs.  In reality by using the 2 stochs on the day chart is the equivalent of having 2 time frames agreeing.

The vertical red dashed lines represent sell signals in the 1H chart.  Notice the accuracy.  Again this is with the 5,3,3/14,3,3 stoch signaling the sell.  Remember the day chart signaled the sell first with 2 stochs and now we used 2 stochs on the 1 Hr ro signal sells...that's 4 stochs and 4 time frames giving us signal.

As an option, if this isn't accurate enough for you (  )....you can add a 15 or 5 min chart to the mix and try to tweak entries to gain a few more pips.  This would certainly give you some room to enter later as opposed to too early.  Late entry is much better than early entry as I see it.  You can see the too early problem clearly on the first sell indication after the day line.  No big deal, it simply means a draw down but it could have been refined using the 5 or 15 min charts.

In all these examples I waited for both stochs to go above 80.  If you look real hard on the chart you will see a possible sell where the 5,3,3 just touches below 80....again this sell would have worked if you jumped in too early but would have had draw down to contend with.

On the fourth sell signal you can clearly see the elasticity in the stock where the price remains fairly flat from it.  This would have been a near break even trade....if you entered too late...or not such a bad trade by using the 5M or 15M time frame to get the best entry.  However, the elasticity is giving you fair warning that you need to bail out of this trade before the price jumped up.

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Hey Stoch lovers. I have been following this and tebs methods with interest. I got to doodeling with different variations of stochs, digital, combined, weighted,etc. I like non lag stochs with some mods but I havent come to conclusions yet. But I did create a weighted stochs. I would like you stocchies to have a look at it and see if I am headed in a right direction. It doesnt look a whole lot different than a normal stochs but it does have some smoothing tendencies.

Basically it takes the lesser two timeframes, in a 15M chart it takes 15,5,1M stochs and assigns them a weight based on timeframe and plots them. The weight is derived like so..

1m=0.048%;

5m=0.238%;

15m=0.714%;

1+5+15=21, 15 is 71.4% of that and so on through the timeframes.

1h,30m,15, and the likes.

So the largest timeframe gets the most weight in the calculation and the smaller the least.

All the settings are self explanatory except charttime, set this to your current charttime. I have only done 5,15,30,1h until I get some feedback. I couldnt think of a better way to weight them except how it is unless it would be a 50-35-15 or something.

Anyhow, let me know if I should proceed or dump it. Thanks guys.

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Interesting idea.  I'll give it a look.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
It sure would be nice to have a stochastic audible alert that could be set for %K crossing a chosen level (70 or 80), etc. I have been looking for one for some time and can't find it. I have searched TSD and tried the ones posted, but no such luck. Any ideas?

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Thats a simple one, this one alerts on crosses but if you want it to alert on crossing the 80/20 change this....
Inserted Code if ((fastMAnow > slowMAnow) && (fastMAprevious < slowMAprevious))
to this....
Inserted Code if (fastMAnow < 20))

and this
Inserted Code else if ((fastMAnow < slowMAnow) && (fastMAprevious > slowMAprevious))
to this
Inserted Code if (fastMAnow > 80)

--- 帖子 #624 ---
It seems awful quiet today. Any one see any set up brewing? Maybe short the EUR/JPY after an up cycle or two?

--- 帖子 #625 ---
See post #525.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
C.E.O.,

Thank's for the indicator alert info. I will definately give it a try.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Hey C.E.O

Thanks for alert, however when i write in the code you gave , all i get is the following:

')' - unbalanced right parenthesis C:\Program Files\StrategyBuilderFX 4\experts\indicators\Stochastic_Cross_Alert.mq4 (95, 26)

')' - unbalanced right parenthesis C:\Program Files\StrategyBuilderFX 4\experts\indicators\Stochastic_Cross_Alert.mq4 (97, 35)

')' - unbalanced right parenthesis C:\Program Files\StrategyBuilderFX 4\experts\indicators\Stochastic_Cross_Alert.mq4 (101, 23)

')' - unbalanced right parenthesis C:\Program Files\StrategyBuilderFX 4\experts\indicators\Stochastic_Cross_Alert.mq4 (101, 196)

')' - unbalanced right parenthesis C:\Program Files\StrategyBuilderFX 4\experts\indicators\Stochastic_Cross_Alert.mq4 (102, 23)

')' - unbalanced right parenthesis C:\Program Files\StrategyBuilderFX 4\experts\indicators\Stochastic_Cross_Alert.mq4 (102, 243)

Now i know its me as i'm a bit technically challenged , so could you point in right direction

thanks in advance

Rye

--- 帖子 #628 ---
This was sent to me in a rather lengthy e-mail today with about 50 pages of proof charts from 2006 to current!  I asked that I could post a summary here for him so that you could all see this.

Basically this is the same system I have explained here prior to the introduction of the 14,3,3 stochastic.  So ignore that stochastic.

He uses multiple time charts...15, 30, and 1H for entry with 5,3,3 stochastic K line only (sound familiar?).  Then uses the 4H as a possible exit or for confirmation until the next entry signal.

He uses 3 levels on the 5,3,3 stochastic.....38.2, 50 and 61.8.  Only these 3 levels...no 80/20 rule here.

The 38.2 to 50 is a long zone  and the 61.8 to 50 is a short zone.  However the focus is on the 50% level as a signal line.

Entry is quite simple...wait to see a 15,30,60 time frame period all cross the 50% zone...down for short, up for long.  Does not matter how high or low the stochastic went prior to that cross.  Direction is what is important....time they cross will stagger but should be close.

All 3 time frames (15,30/1H) must cross the 50% in the same direction.  Do not pay any attention to what the 15M stoch does after its entry signal and same with the 30M.  Only use stochs for entry signals.

Exit when the 4H hits the 50% in the same direction of the prior time frames or when the 15,30,and 1H signal a trade in the opposite direction.

Only use 4H for an exit signal...or can use to confirm current trade for longer pip gains.

See the diagram below for a sell example.  It is quite simple.  In this example the exit signal is from entry signals in the long direction from the 15,30,60 moving up past 50%.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Looks good Spudfyre,

What are the 38 and 62 buy sell zones used for, did you get to look over any more of the "proofs", sounds like someone has put in a lot of work.

Must also say that your 5-14 stochs look very good, on the hoirly chart for instance when they are completely on top of each other it signals strong moves in a lot of cases.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Does this mean from < 38.2 to > 50 or from > 61.8 to < 50 are valid entries? And then if 4H crosses 50 in opposite direction of open position or it the 3 lower TF signal an opposite = exits?

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Here's another chart...

It is a 1H chart.  Blue lines show the long entries and red lines the short entries.  Multiple lines around an entry are just the variations of when the time frame crossed the 50%.

I believe the zones (38.2 to 50 long) and (61.8 to 50 short) are your fudge factor for entry.....giving you an idea of how much risk you should take if entering an order early....if you want to add risk.

This is the GU chart...using this since Friday would have made for a nicer weekend and Monday!

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Notice on that chart it picked up every 1 hour 533 50 cross, is this normally the case, I imagine if you ignore the 15 and 30 once they have crossed that it would be.

Or do you "start again" if the 15m/30m crossing back before the 1hr has confirmed. I notice in the first chart that this happened a couple of times on the 15m before the 1hr crossed.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
This is the 1H chart so that is why you see the cross.  Yes you ignore the 15/30 once they cross but watch them only for next entry signal.  The 1H is your final entry signal, so if the 15/30 crossed the opposite way before the 1H crossed they would have to pull back the 1H to block the signal and in that scenerio you'd have no signal either way.  (I suppose worst case is the 1H clearly crossing and then the price reverses sending all 3 the reverse direction...but you'd probably end up with a small loss losing one way but gaining the other....I don't see that happening much).

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Spud,

Is this Stoch line50 strategy a replacement of the earlier MTF Stoch or just a new nuance?

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Fortunately (?), unfortunately (?) another option to trading MTF Stochastics

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Hi guys, just wondering if someone could explain how to put both the 14 and 5 stochs inthe same indicator and also how to turn off the other lines, so it shows like in the chart below, only showing the K line.

Any help appreciated.

thanks

westie

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Hi Westie,

To get the 2 stochastics in one window, just add one stochastic to the chart.

Then drag the indicator from the list onto the first.

To just get the %K only, I just change the colour of %D to the background colour.

HTH.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #638 ---
easiest way G-man is just change the %D to 1, so the settings are 531.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
or make it even easer

on the 30 min chart do stoch settings 3.24.3

or if you want more buy sell signs do 3.24.1

on the hour do 3.12.3 &/or 3.12.1

on the 5 min chart do 3.18.3  &/or 3.18.1 etc

etc.

TEB

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Just set color to NONE on %D.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
I knew there would be an easier way!!!

G-Man

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Would you kindly explain the following comment you made?  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
I thought I'd post an explanation on time frames in more detail.  Hope it helps.

As you know by reading this thread we look for a long entry into a trade by looking for mutliple time frames crossing up above 20 as per the previous 80/20 rule I wrote about.

Using multiple time frames is a choice between reliability and frequency of trades.  The longer time frame you use to confirm an entry, the more reliable the entry will be.  Simply because it takes much more price action to turn a 4H stoch comapared to a 15M stoch.  The downside is that 4H entries are much rarer than 15M entries.  The upside is that you can earn more with a 4H stoch than a 15M stoch.  The downside is that you will have more draw downs in a 4H cycle than a 15M cycle.

The reason we use mutliple time frames is to gauge the movement of the market during our trade, to confirm there is a trend building and to find an exit point.  In otherwords multiple time frames act as a trend, oscillator and volume indicators all by themselves when used together.  The stochastics are used because they are easier to read then price.  Stochastics give you a percentage scale of movement.

The picture below shows how the smaller time frames builtthe 4H stochastic move.  You will almost always see this same picture for every 4H stochastic move that meets the 80/20 rule.

What is important here is understanding that a 4H candle from open to close is made of 4x1H candles that move within the 4H candle period, 8x30M candles and 16x15M candles.  That means that each and every 4H candle result is going to depend on how 16x15M candles move within the 4H candle period, and these 15M candles will dictate how the 8x30M candles move which affect the 1H candles in the same period.

Why is that important.  Beacause it keeps moving up the food chain so to speak.  The day chart candle open to close is made up of 6x4H candle movements, 24x1H candle movements, and so on.  As we get higher and higher in the food chain the "animals" become bigger and harder to change off their current direction of movement.  Easy to make a fly move (15M)...much harder to make a rhino move (day).

Now comes the confusing part because once the longer time frames have established their movement direction it is much harder for the little time frames to move the larger time frame....unless they do it all together.

That gets confusing because on one side you can see how the small time frames build the large time frames, but you can also see how the large time frames will not change direction and make the small time frames follow their lead.  That is all true.  What will move the Day time frame is the combination of moves by the lower time frames working together....this the long time frames can't resist...though they try.

Obviously no time frame can move in one direction forever.  So we need some way to measure where in the life the overall trend is.  Here is where stochastics make that easy.  If the 4H stochastic started at 0, every move up by the stochastic would solidify it's momentum upwards, but the higher it goes, the harder is gets to go higher..so the higher it is the stronger the momentum is or was and the harder it will be to go the next step higher.  Eventually the momentum will run out, the stochastic will turn and move the other direction and run into the same set of rules....hence stochastics make there wavy up/down pattern.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
SPud,

Thanks for your insight on this aspect of MTF.

I have wonder quite some time if we had available to us a current 4H candle that would change its form every 15 minutes or even every hour instead of waiting for a new candle to form at the next 4H period.

I say this because this would confirm what we would see in the MTF Stochs as the Stochs for up the "food chain".

The problem we all confront is that not every entry looks as pretty as the one you show above where all the Stoch are crossing the 20 line at virtually the same time.  Most of the time we have to make judgments about when to get in because each Stoch is shooting across the 50 line at a different pace or height (long or short).

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Ok, so we now know small time frames working together will move a large time frame.  In this regard to move a upward day trend will require a combination of short moves working together in the short time frames.

So we should be able to see those movements on the lesser time frames...before the day moves, right?

The picture below provides a clear indication when the 15,30,1H and 4H all sync up to push the Day and make it reverse direction.  Looking back on the lower time frames you can see how they started to work together to change the direction of the Day's downward momentum.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Actually, every correct entry is this pretty.  The picture below is the last 3 long signals on the 4H chart.  The red lines clusters are all where the 15,30,1H and 4H time frames crossed 20....see how close they are together?

If one chooses to use the 4H chart...they must trade the 4H chart...when the 4H closes.  Not during the the 4H candle....unless one is willing to accept the risk and pitfalls of doing that.

If we calculate the 4H every 15 minutes...we won't be any more accurate.  The math behind the stochastics would be skewed and be inaccurate.

What to do?  Look at the 15M during the 4H candle and see if it is moving up or down....that is the partial 4H movement every 15 minutes.

To enter earlier, use the 1H chart and trade the 1H chart at it's close.

More advanced is to adjust the stoch.  Use a 14,3,3 stoch on the 1H chart is a close approximation of a 3H stochastic....so you'd see the 1H and approx. 3H...giving you 1H advance on the 4H close.

The escalator methods allows you to trade the progression from 15 to 30 to 1H to 4H...but still the same exact concept.

I'm a poor example of patience...but the biggest think here is patience and waiting for candles too close.  You won't miss anything trading the 4H chart waiting for the 4H to close.  Same with the 1H.  However, if you are like me...and have no patience and enter early...then you have to accept riding out large draw downs waiting for the trade to form.

I could draw a thousands similar entries on the 4H chart and they'd all look exactly the same for every correct entry.  One will see the small time frames all meeting the 80/20 rule all about in the same "period" as the larger time frame you trade.

The 80/20 rule is a safety net of low risk trades...it is extremely conservative, misses a ton of trades but won't let you down very often.  I put that up here first so there was a comfort level to trading but I think as traders we all have a low coefficient of patience.....especially me.  Let's face it...we get bored we want to trade!

The last two entries and pictures on time frames can take you out of the 80/20 rule...as long as you understand the effect time frames have on each other and how they synchronize themselves prior to a reversal....hence the TF explanation.  Or at least hopefully it adds some clarity to how the 80/20 rule works.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Spud

All I can say is wowwwwwwww

you do wear the hi- heels!!

By brain hurts... just looking at this stuff

let alone reading it ....good stuff.

now l know why I just follow the trend

because I really can not dance ... let alone backwards

but clearly you can very well!!

and can explain

-why you do it

- how you do it

- & show us how to do it going "up your stairs":

great work Ginnger

TEB

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Spud,

Can you share some more charts on the 50% rule and the 5.3.3 on recent trades?

thanks

guppy

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Spud,

I'm trying to clear this up with Teb but hadn't had any success yet. Maybe you can help.

Do you set your Stoch's to low/high or close/close? Do you know what he does?

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Mine are low/high...since he does everything opposite of me...my guess is his is close   I don't know how he sets that parameter on his stochs.

--- 帖子 #651 ---
THE SPUD MTF STOCHASTIC SYSTEM

------------------------------------

Many people have asked about an exit strategy, given this is the hardest part of trading.  I've been doing some experimenting and have combined the 80/20 rule with the 50 rule to develop what I think is a very good enter/exit strategy.

All trades start with the 4H entry by the 80/20 rule.  Support comes from having the 15/30/1H supporting with their 80/20 crosses before the 4H.  Optionally you can enter at the Spud50 if you are more conservative.  Trades should go in direction of Day stochastic.

Trades are followed through the "50 Rule" (aka the Spud50), where 15/30/1H/4H cross the 50 line.

Exits can be done by choice on the 15/30/1H or 4H chart.  Exit area on a long is when the 15/30/1H cross the 20 down but before it recrosses the 20 up.  This is an "area" that the trader will have to determine as optimum for exit.  The 4H exit is quite different.  That exit on a long is done when the 4H crosses the 38.2 line.  Short exits are the opposite.

The picture below demonstrates a trade.  It shows all 4 time frames (15/30/1H/4H) so that you may study the interaction of each.  You will see that as we move into longer time frames, our indicators converge so that we have less vertical lines showing by the time we hit the 4H chart.

In this example the only entry confirmation was the 4H crossing the 80 for a short!  There was no clear confirmation from the 15/30/1H with the 80/20 rule prior to the 4H confirmation.  Probably can be classified as a high risk trade.  However all time frames hit the Spud50 which would have been a good indication to ride the trade to exit.

I have backtested this on GBPJPY and will include more examples on going of using this method.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Here is a long example.  Here we have the 15/30/1H meeting the 80/20 rule prior to the 4H crossing at 20.  In this example the Spud50 is quite wide.

If you look closely at the 4H exit on the 4H chart you will see the stochastic crossed the 80.  On this candle it crossed both the 61.8 and 80 on the same candle...so the 61.8 cross applied to the 4H.  Nervous traders could have exited on the previous candle when the stoch closed at 60 and still made a tidy profit.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Spud I wish you was my teacher when I was at school !

Your post are simple and clear , even my cat could understand how to use a stochastic reading your post

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Well you might then have the first cat ever to trade Forex

--- 帖子 #655 ---
eheh Surely it will trade far better than me

--- 帖子 #656 ---
May 1st brought a long drawn out 4H short trade on the GBPJPY.  In this instance the 15/30/1H crossed the 80 prior to the 4H crossing the 80.  All time frames passed the Spud50 line and the exits brought some wide spread results.

The 15M exit lost 4 pips.

The 30M brought the best result with +61 pips

The 1H = +25 pips and the 4H = +28 pips.

The maximum draw down was 32 pips.

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Results from the first live trade of Spud's MTF Stochastic System

GBPJPY Short 8:00 GMT

Maximum Draw Down: 15 Pips

Entry at 4H 80 cross @ 239.41

15M Exit  +40 Pips

30M Exit  +69 Pips

1H Exit    +61 Pips

4H Exit    +81 Pips

My result:  +35 Pips

--- 帖子 #658 ---
There are situations that can make what looks like a good trade a bad trade.  They do happen infrequently but they do happen.

These are the signs I have detected so far using Spud's MTF Stochastic System:

1.  None of the 15/30/1H stochastics should be above 80 when the 4H stochastic crosses below 80 in a short entry.  (This can lead to an early entry with price going up instead of down).

2.  None of the 15/30/1H stochastics should be below 20 when the 4H stochastic crosses below 20 in a long entry.  (This can lead to an early entry with price going down instead of up).

3.  Use caution if 2 of the 15/30/1H time frames stochastics are low (below 30) in a long trade or high (above 70) in a short trade when entering as this may draw price away from your intended trade direction.

4.  Exit any trade where the 4H has crossed the 80 down, you enter and then the stochastic loops back up to 80....re-enter on the next 80 cross.  Vice versa on the 20.  Generally this loop is above 61.8 from 80 and below 38.2 above 20.  This happens infrequently but can happen without any prior warning.

5.  Remember that price moves can be dangerous when a stochastic is above 80 or below 20.  Any time frame of all 4 time frames in this position can affect the trade...where a stochastic in the 80-100 range will draw price up and a stochastic in the 20-0 range will draw price down.  90% of failures will happen when this situation exists.

6.  When in doubt and up pips...exit your trade!  You can never lose if you gain pips.  Protect your profit.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Spud (and all stoch lovers), I've setup the new chat temporarily in my web site , so that we can test it before to switch to Fastbrokers one.

The chat is fully customizable so that user could set everything (size text, background, colors, theme and so on..) as preferred.

Hope that my little server could handle all users
http://tinyurl.com/325f9q

Cya in chat

Skyline

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Spud,

I think I missed a few posts, so do mind clearing something up for me please?

Are we only entering now when the 4hr either comes down from the 80 (Short) and going up from the 20 (Long)? And prior to this, lets use a short for an example... The 4hr is above the 80 and price is still climbing slightly or ranging. The 15min crosses down through the 50, then the 30min crosses down through the 50, and finally the 1hr falls through the 50... Now we wait for the 4 hr to curl down and penetrate the 80 to enter short?

This is how I'm understanding it. Please correct me if I'm wrong.

Thanks!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #661 ---
If I'm understanding post 628 and 633, the1H is the final trigger when it closes past 50 and 4H is used only for exit when it closes past 50.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Entry for a long:

The 4H stoch crosses from below 20 to above 20.  The 4H must close above 20.

Prior to that or at the exact same time you should have confirmation from the 15/30/1H of doing the same.  More relevant is that there are no smaller time frames below 20 and there should be at least 2 smaller time frames above 30 when entering on the 4H.

That is your entry.

Optional Entry:

Optionally and if you are conservative you can enter after you have the signal above and once one, two, three or all time frames cross the 50 level up after the entry.

Exits

There are 4 exit options.  The first 3 are when the 15 min, the 30 minute or the 1H cross the 80 (in a long trade).  The 4th is when the 4H crosses the 61.8 level.  All can be on close or when you think the stoch has hit the high.  It is a higher risk to take the 4H to 80, but can be done if the lower time frame stochs support it...this is more interpretive.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Hi Spud

As the title sugests this is my first post.. and I am new to forex.

This is a quick test post to see if images have uploaded and how it all works.!!

A BIG WELL DONE on a clear and concise post regarding MTF Stochastic!!!

I have been lured into Forex by The numerous " Make a Million over night" websites out there but not so wet behind the ears as to pay for any of thier information.

I came across ForexFactory and have found the information to very interesting and informative ( namely yours SPUD).

Having looked at some over night/ fire and forget systems I have skillfully taken my 5K demo account to less than $50 !!!! LOLLOLOL.

Having read and tried out your techniques I have picked up 48pips today.(picture hopefully attached)

Hope to try this out on a regular basis.

A bit long winded for first post-- but needed to add a few words of thanks/encouragement.

bye for now

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Jumped into a trade early with the GBP/JPY this week. 4H was below the 20 line but hadn't closed and hadn't crossed back up over the 20 yet. I sustained a 155 pip drawdown (SL was set at 200) before the trade established itself and gave me 20 pips. The trade lasted close to 24 hours. Thanks much for all the time and work you've put into this system and shared with us Spud.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Thanks Spud,

I got it now!!!

Bags

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Top Down!!I like it!!

& the 50% Too I realy like !!

I go away week & the world turns up side down!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Hi Spud

you are better at back testing these things then me

I have had a lot of time to think this weekon vacation

Started playing with an Idea

very simple 3 things

4 hour channel--- its the trend never go against it

4 hour stoch 533

& 30 stoch 533

& darn if it didn't work- it is simple simple

I also tried 1 hour & 15 mins - & 30 mins & 5 mins.also worked

other people want to look at it

TEB

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Teb,

Isn't that your very first system? 4hr and 30 min?

B.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Spud,

Did you trade your original system this week, or were you testing your newer methods?

--- 帖子 #670 ---
but even simpler- (remember my goal this year is simple)

in TEB1

i. I always used a 3rd stoch - the day with the 4 hour & 30 min

(or the 4 hour 30 min & 5 min)

ii. or the 50EMA for room

to see if we had a dip or rally to get into

(you always need points)

here its the 4 hour channel

But the good thing about this is 85-90% or more

(if the 4 hour stoch is with you)

even if price drops the wrong way its going to come back

because the 4 hour trend will hold that often

this is great in news times

so you are always with the trend!!!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Teb,

I agree, trend lines are very important. However they are very subjective. Meaning everyone draws them differently. Give 3 traders the same 4 hr chart and they will all draw their trend lines a little differently.

Would you be so kind as to share how your draw yours? I see from your charts that you are very accurate with them!

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Spud you know most programs have a RSI Stoch

TEB

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Sure

Next week when I get sometime

but I will do it on mt sight

If I forget please feel to remind me
I am only going to be around next week a little

TEB

--- 帖子 #674 ---
I pulled in 142 pips on Thursday and Friday combined on GBPJPY using strictly Spud'd MTF Stochastic System   And I slept in on Thursday entering late, making me miss 70 pips I could have taken extra....but I'm not complaining.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
The 4H stochastic is very accurate for entry so long as you don't enter too early.  The last few days I have gone from yin to yang and am studying the failures more closely to see what common attributes exist.  I hope to compile a more comprehensive study on this which I think will help people who utilize both systems.

Yes when I was working on the the lastest version of Spud's MTF Stochastic System and analyzing bad trade signs....I've noticed a high involvement of the 30 Minute time frame as oppose to other time frames....not sure why that would be(?).

I've also noticed a significant involvement of the 38.2 and 61.8 levels on 4H entries with lesser time frames.  For example in long successful trades there is a high number of trades where one of the 15/30/1H time frames will hit the 38.2 level as the 4H breaks the 20 level.....almost the exact opposite is true of failed trades where none of the 15/30/1H time frames are at 38.2.

--- 帖子 #676 ---
I just refer to the default stochastic indicator included in MT4.

More troubling was the discovery in our chat group of the time differences between feeds.  For example I am using MoneyTec and the 4H candles were closing 1H ahead of those on FastBrokers.  There is alos a rather large discrepency in stoch levels.  During the GJ dive on Thursday, there was a 25 point discrepency in stoch levels during the open candle!  On Friday my 4H closed at 21.8 (an entry) while FastBrokers closed at around 18 (meaning they had to wait 4H's for the next candle to close above 20).

I am not sure what the overall impact of these differences between feeds has on overall statistics.  I would think over the long haul it would average out.

Anyways, it now explains why people kept thinking I was trading on open candles or could not see the trade signals I saw.  Lesson learned is if trading in group sessions...make sure the entire group is using the same feed!

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Spud,

regarding your recent post on the SPUD MTF STOCHASTIC SYSTEM:

Entry for a long:
The 4H stoch crosses from below 20 to above 20. The 4H must close above 20.
Prior to that or at the exact same time you should have confirmation from the 15/30/1H of doing the same. More relevant is that there are no smaller time frames below 20 and there should be at least 2 smaller time frames above 30 when entering on the 4H.
That is your entry

my question is how can you enter on a smaller time frame than the 4H - is it possible to enter on the 5 or 15 min chart using this same system? I'm sure I'm missing something really simple and I apologize in advance for my confusion. thanks alot for sharing your wonderful systems and terrific teaching that has helped so many.

traderdp

--- 帖子 #678 ---
I am not sure it has anything to do with speed

it is more the "closing & opening" times of the companies

ie Oanda closes at 12:00 midnight

Fxdd at 5:00pm

both EST

I think it makes little diff if you are using stochs for trends

ie the old top down  - that is why I can cheet

But it may well make a diff. how you use them

esp if people are trading with you.  for sure

as long as someone is doing their own charts it should make no diff

to the win & lose

as to the pip count .. its luck of the draw

sometimes oanda is better some times FXDD is

But I trade only with one ...

not both or it will mess you up for sure!

TEB

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Yes when I was working on the the lastest version of Spud's MTF Stochastic System and analyzing bad trade signs....I've noticed a high involvement of the 30 Minute time frame as oppose to other time frames....not sure why that would be(?).

What do you mean... the 30 min is the one that is off?

I've also noticed a significant involvement of the 38.2 and 61.8 levels on 4H entries with lesser time frames. For example in long successful trades there is a high number of trades where one of the 15/30/1H time frames will hit the 38.2 level as the 4H breaks the 20 level.....almost the exact opposite is true of failed trades where none of the 15/30/1H time frames are at 38.2.[/quote]

doesn't surprise me its just computers..
- its the way the banks trade-
4 hour is there time frame

TEB

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Spud,

When you say "hit the 38.2 level as the 4H breaks the 20 level" do you mean having at least one of the TFs having crossed from 20 to 38.2 or higher and pointing up at the time of the 4H close (in the case of a long entry)?

Fish

--- 帖子 #681 ---
The 4H is your signal indicator...it is the "make a trade" sign.  Now you can trade any of the 15/30/1H/4H time frames or combination thereof depending on your risk level.

Best entry in a smaller time frame will be when that small time frame (on a long) crosses 20 or just has prior to the 4H indication.  Your exit on the long will be when a time frame (15/30/1H/4H) hits 80 (long).  You can enter on any time frame after the 4H signal (in the direction of the 4H move).

The smaller time frames will hit the exit target more often but you make less pips than the longer time frame exits....you can pick any time frame to exit on.

Better exit strategy is to follow the stochs and being able to read them..it takes practice but will get you better exits.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
I'm not going to answer that because I think it may confuse matters.  It is just something I noticed but for now wouldn't use it in trading.  I will address it with better data analysis, if it proves relevant.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
POSTED IN TEB's TRADING SYSTEM JOURNAL.....though I'd put it here too.

Hi TEB's

I've been studying your simple system with the 4H and trend lines combined with trading the 15/30/1H within those trends. Here's some data on GBPJPY you may find useful.

On a short,

I defined the start of the trend line where the 4H crossed the 80 down....if the down trend started before them I started the trend lines there. You'll find much of the time this is the start of the trend anyways. If price broke the trendline and the 4H stock was headed up above 20 I classified that as the trend ended.

I then started trading in the direction of the 4H on the 15M, 30M and 1H independently.

Trades were entered each time the stochastic crossed the 80 down, 61.8 down and 50 down.

There were 2x as many 30 min trades as hourly and 2x as many 15M trades as 30 mins.  Funny how that worked out so nicely.

There is a noticeable breakdown prior to the trend reversing...more on this further below.

Here are the percentages I measured for combined TF trades:

from 80 to 20  94% success  6% failure   50% of trades

from 61.8 to 25 91% success  7% failure   86% of trades

from 50 to 25   92% success  8% failure  100% of trades

25 seemed to be the better level for trades starting from 61.8 and 50...about a 5% difference in increased failures moving the target to 20.

Failure only means the stochastic did not fall to the level on a trade, it does not mean pips lost. Successes does not always mean a pip gain. However, for the most part pips losses were small and would have little impact over net gain.

Now, noticing a price break in trend and the 4H stochastic above 20 moving up would help catch a trend break. More identifying were tags in the stoch movement of trade failures. These failures would see a trade from the 80 to 20 or 62 to 25 make little movement. For example most failures happen when the stoch moved from 62 to 50 and then reversed to initiate another down trade or simply went back to 80. A move from 80 to 20 seeing a reversal around 40 back to 80 was also a break signal.

In other words failures increased across the time frames as/prior to the trend breaking down. Otherwise, the successes were very high while the trend was in place with just very "close" failures (failures that almost reached target) appearing rarely. If you do some observations towards the end of trends you will see this quite easily.

To sum up all that.....

Enter the trade with the 4H trend on a short at 80, 61.8 and ride it to the stoch hits 25-20. When you start having failures, it is a warning sign to stop trading that trend. That will get you better than 90% success and a good net of pips.

Might call this one Pip Fishing!  Throw out the net and take in the pips.

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Spud,

I've been following this thread since you started it (lurking)  and around FF for quite some time. I rarely post as one can see. I just wanted to add my thanks for yet another great explanation of your observations .You Rock!

--- 帖子 #685 ---
These kind of comments that make it all worthwhile   As long as I can help, glad to do it.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Spud,

your response put it very clearly, exactly what I should do - I tried it out on lots of old data - excellent success accross the board - will use it live tonite.

thanks again for all you've done - yours is hands down the best thread I have seen on all of FF.

You are a godsend and very appreciated by lots and lots of people, I'm very sure.

traderdp

--- 帖子 #687 ---
During the course of running the data analysis on TEB's idea I began to notice a pattern that may be interesting to study.  I hope a few people will grab their computer screens and pencils and put this idea through it's paces because it looks unbelievable simple and seems to generate great trades and save you from bad ones.

This is for short period trading....you won't linger in too many trades too long with this.  On the 30/1H you will average about 35 pips a trade that last about 3 candles.

Take any of these time frames:

5/15, 15/30, 30/1H, 1H/4H

Set a level line on your 5,3,3 stochastic at 61.8 and 38.2.

Your entry/exit is always with the smaller time frame.

The smaller time frame should be one step (one candle) ahead of the longer time frame for the cross or one step behind...or exactly the same.  This is optional if you are conservative and a common pattern.  However, you do not want the longer time frame ahead more than one step of the shorter time frame.

On a long, whenever both tf's cross or are above 61.8, buy long.

On a short, whenever both tf's cross or are below 38.2 buy short.

You can add greater risk if the longer time frame is "near" the cross in the direction of your trade.  The longer tf should be across 50 level.  This may prolong your trade and could add some risk.

If you don't have this correlation of the 2 time frames, you don't have a trade.  This is your filter mechanism.

You can use this also as an entry point for any MTF trade method I have explained earlier.  This will help you enter trades without much draw down.  Use it as a tool or as a system.

Exits are a little more tricky if you use this as a system.

If the shorter time frame goes above 80 on a long or below 20 on a short, you definitely want to be out before it recrosses 80/20.

If you nab some pips within 3 candles on the shorter time frame, you may want to exit.

If the longer time frame is looking like it will go above 80 on a long or below 20 on a short you may want to ride it out.

If the trend is with your trade you may want to stick it out...use a trand channel.

You will quickly notice an average pip gain, you may want to TP that.

You need not worry what direction the long term trend is in for this method to work, it works regardless of long term trend direction.

If you like, think of this as a scalping method to be used on the pairs I mentioned.

I have measured about a 95% success rate with a 95% statistical confidence level through random sampling.....using 859 random samples out of 5,000 possible most recent trade opportunities.  That's the historical data anyways.  I measured GBPJPY, GBPUSD and EURUSD.

As a system this is a good method if you do not want to trade with much risk for quick pips.  You do have to be disciplined, not greedy and just grab pips as they come.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
More statistical data:

I have been running some statistical analysis on the 61.8 and 38.2 levels on the 5,3,3 stochastic just out of interest sake as to if these Fib numbers have any real impact on the stochastics.

During that study I found:

(I'll use long as an example with 4H as the start indicator and any other time frame lower for trading in the 4H direction)

Trades that started at the 20 level will be more successful at reaching 80 than if they start at any other position single.

Trades that start at 38.2 are  as successful a trades that start at 50.

Having said that, by far the most successful trades will be (long as an example):

Trades that start at 61.8 with 2 adjacent time frames in correlation (15/30, 30/1H, etc.).  Correlation meaning that the 2 time frame are at or above the 61.8 line when the trade is initiated.

The 4H time frame alone for stoch moves that follow the 80/20 rule are about 85% successful on average.  With a second time frame this increases to about 93% success if trading in the direction of the 4H stochastic move.

Failures generally happen in ranging markets or at the 4H trend reversal. In ranging markets the pip loss is very small (usually the spread +/- 3 pips).  Ranging failures are much more common and if discounted as failures would raise the success rate 2-3%.  (Discounted as failures as they have little impact on net pip gains).

Trend reversals can be much worse on the net total but can usually be seen in the stochastics or by using trend channels on the 4H time frame.  Trend reversal prior to happening will show more stochastic moves from 61.8 to 50 (or 38.2 to 50) and then reversing.  You may also see stochastic failures from 80 to 30-40 (or 20 to 60-70) as a good sign to stop trading in the direction of the 4H move until you see it reverse with the 80/20 rule.

The term trend here refers to the direction of the 4H stochastic and price from 80 to 20 (down) or 20 to 80 (up).

Different pairs will offer different success rates.  GBPJPY is one of the best.

GBPUSD drops to about 77% due to significant increases in price ranging but spread and pip losses are very low and the lower success rate does not affect the net pip total very much.

Hopefully some of that may help you in trading

--- 帖子 #689 ---
don't you mean the opposite?

--- 帖子 #690 ---
You would think I would but I don't.

The significant move in price is going to happen in a long when the 2 tf's cross the 61.8 and head to 80.  Or it will filter the trade and let you know there is no move in price coming.

For example, you could use this if you are waiting for the 4H candle to close...like I am in GJ now and enter when you get a lesser time frame pair showing this.  In this case as I wait for the 4H close I'll watch 15/30, 30/1H to cross 38.2 and then enter if the 4H hasn't closed below 80 yet.  If i get that correlation, there is a good chance that the price move is going to be going down and I will not have to run through any draw down and the 4H will close below 80.

On first look it may seem a little backwards to the 80/20 rule.  However what is happening is that the lesser time frames are working together to build the higher time frame into that down position....being this low with the 4H high means that "momentum" is in our favour for the down move.

I'll provide some charts and a more thorough explanation later after my trading is done today

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Hi Spud,

Thanks for another idea to consider.

Just wanted to check that you wait for the closure of the candles on all timeframes before entering or exiting a trade.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #692 ---
The safest way is to wait for the close.  I read stoch support and enter from all time frames.  Whichever you are most comfortable with.  Waiting for the close is more "mechanical".

--- 帖子 #693 ---
I'm sorry guys as we are experience that FlashChat is really really slow and most of time hangs

I tried to set up for best performance but it's not working well.

Actually I'm not sure if it's a problem on server side with low memory or is the chat itself not so good, anyway I think we have to switch back to chatzy until we can find some better solution.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
I was searching for some MTF indicators specifically Stoch's, I came across this indicator. Is this what you are referring to?

From here.

Labrat407

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Guys use tradingrooms.  We have used it for a few months now and moved there from echat.  With the recent patches lately it works even better.  I believe its the best solution right now especially since its free and you can share charts and do voice chat if you want also.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
may i know where is it?

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Thanks Lab,

That's not exactly what I was thinking of, but I will give it a try.  It looks like a visual representation of the Time Left indicator.

Thanks again for checking.  Those guys over there at TSD must have a lot of time on their hands.  They come up with all kinds of stuff.  Have they built an indicator that helps the trader know when his emotional level is too high?

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Closest I can find....

Emotional Indicator

--- 帖子 #699 ---
After searching for Stoch indicators, I have come up with many. As well as the ones here in the post.

I have tried the MT4 default ones and the No_Lag_stochs. I was wondering if there is a consensus on the best version and or type to use?

So Class, A show of hands for the different versions.

MTF, Single time frame, No lag, Double smoothed no fat Latte...

"Enquiring minds want to know."

Labrat407

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Hi, a real basic question, but one that will help me. If I trade with four stochs but enter on a signal from three, eg. (UP trade) 15 mins pasted 20 going up, same for 30 mins, 1hr just pasted 20 going up, the 4hr below 20 but turning up,

There are 43 mins left before the 1hr candle closes.

? Do I wait for the 1hr candle to close before entering the trade assuming all else being equal. thanks

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Thanks a lot creztor I will take a look to check how it works

--- 帖子 #702 ---
i have been looking at your technique since very recently, and so far I've had it work for me pretty well.  in two hours - 2/2.  very promising.  just wanted to let you know.

and you're right that GJ pair seems to be very little news driven, which is great as one can concentrate on the technical trading....more or less safely (if that's at all possible on forex markets hehe)
update:  6 additional pips banked 5 mins later (and probably could've been more, but kinda late to wait it out).
so total comes to 20 pips.  in 2 hours.  goal for the day is done.

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Is there a new chat room ..cud some one post the location.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Hi JayJay ,

actually i'm only testing the tradingrooms software and seems nice with option to share charts between members and setup private room. But i'm wonder if it will stay free for ever  Anyway just to test it download the client here http://www.tradingrooms.com/Download/Download.aspx then search for MTF Spudfyre Stochastic room (in the Premium Room) password : spudchat

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Ill second this as well, good stuff. Has chat, voice, streaming charts, gooood stuff

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Hi Spud,

I have 2 questions, but first wanted to thank you for this thread.

My first question is

1.Are there any kind of adjustments to the Stoch that can be done to match or get near the settings you use. My platform doesn't support the indicator style.

2. Would you, when time permits post a few Non-Optimal charts that still produced profits?

Thanks,

Brett

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Hello Skyline,

Downloaded/installed the TradingRoom software, but when I get into the room, it says the TradingRoom Manager has revoked my permission to speak.  Can this be fixed?  I'm signed on with username "Pipskateer".

Thanks!

EDIT:   Nevermind, I see now that I can still type-chat and that message was referring to the actual VOICE function.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
I don't know I have too that options disabled

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Spud,

All these advancememnts to your system has my head spinning. What is the simplest most effective method you have created up to this point?

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Spud,

I agree with Bagovino, can you please list out your most simplest and most successful method. I am not sure what you are using anymore. Can you give us status on your testing of the different methods you been using.

Thanks,

Guppy

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Me too Bago, I'm lost inside the stochs

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Spud rocks 'cause Stochs rock!

--- 帖子 #713 ---
The simplest and safest method to use is the 80/20 rule with at least 2 time frames.  Use the 4H as your lead indicator and follow the 4H with any or all of the 15/30/1H (or use the escalator)...longer the time frame the more risk of larger draw downs.

I am working on a consolidated document that will hopefully make it a whole lot easier to follow it all.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
I only use MetaTrader so I can't help you with another platform.  However, I am sure there are others that use other platforms that can help?  What platform are you using?

I'll put up some bad scenerios when I get a chance.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
4 Hr is your main signal when it breaks 20.  You definitely don't want the 4H above 80 or below 20 entering a trade.  You then want at least one other or two is better time frames to be somewhere in the 20-38.2 zone headed up.

If you are using the 1H, better to wait for it to close.  Having said that, the 1H is made up of 4 x 15M or 2 x 30M periods.  Both of these give you the information of the partial 1H....so say they are both headed up and low in the low zone then it is probably pretty safe to enter before the 1H closes as long as it appears to be headed up.

One of the most difficult things to beat in trading stochastics is that "panic" that you will enter too late.  Trades are lost almost always on too early an entry.  This is the hardest part of using stochastics because you get to a point of anticipating their moves before they happen...and it burns you.  To trade stochastics requires a zen garden next to your computer

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Honestly, I have no idea why people want to chase 50-100 pips.  Sure it feels good and makes it all seem worthwhile.  If there is a trade for 50-100 pips then run with it...but hunt for it all the time is a trap.  Don't chase more pips, increase the value of the pips you trade.  Heck if you can make $200 a day on 5 pips, why chase 100 pips for $100?  It's about 1000 times more in your favour to catch 5 pips than 100.  What you want is a consistency in being sure you will always grab 5 pips....that's how you win at this game.

Trade for pip ego or trade to make money.....I'll choose the money.

Best of all, grab your 20 pips and go sit on the beach the rest of the day ...or at least have a life.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Long time fan... first time post... (on this thread)

Every once in a while I come across an amazing gem on FF... your quote above is one of them. Thanks Spud for the guidance... with the profitability I've had using MTF's I've found myself in the EXACT situation of anticipating trades (rather than letting the charts trade for me).

It's good to have the reminder... though I fear it's something I'll need to be reminded of again! I'm taping it to the monitor just to be sure...

Thanks again for your efforts!

--- 帖子 #718 ---
I agree & not

I think you take what the charts give!!

--- 帖子 #719 ---
These are the two basic methods I suggest trading if you wish to win trades on a regular basis and gain consistent pips.  Set a reasonable target every day (I suggest 20 pips or less) and win every day.  Forget pip egos and trade for consistent wins.  Once you know you can win 5,10,15, or 20 pips a day raise the value of your pips.  It is 1000x easier to gain 10 pips than 100 pips.

The rest of the other methods and tools have their foundations in these two methods.  They are more complicated and provide optional methods of trading stochastics for those who want to experiment.

Method I – Basic Momentum  Stochastic Trading

Signal Chart – Daily  - direction is the direction we trade in only

Long Entry – 15M and 30M stochastics are very low (under the 20 level).  Watch for both stochastics to move upwards together and rise above 20.  As the 15/30 rises higher the 1H should be trailing lower but moving upwards or “looking” like it will move above 20 shortly if it is below 20.

Short Entry – 15M and 30M stochastics are very high (above the 80 level).  Watch for both stochs to move downwards together and fall below 80..  As the 15/30 fall lower the 1H should be trailing higher but moving downwards or “looking” like it will move below 80 shortly if it is above 80

Exit Strategy – Follow the 15M to 80 (long), switch to 30M chart and follow it to 80 (long) and then the 1H to 80 (long).  Optionally chase the 4H up to 80 but the risks are much higher…so is the reward.  Don’t look back at the time periods you left behind.

Scalping – Enter the trades at the higher levels for long (61.8) or the lower levels for short (38.2) and follow the above exit strategy for in and out trades.

Method II -  Escalator to Pips

Signal Chart – 4H – crossing  20 from below 20 trade long, crossing 80 from above 80 trade short

Long Entry – enter when 15M, 30M, 1H and 4H stochastics are moving up all above 20

Short Entry – enter when 15M, 30M, 1H, 4H stochastics are moving down all below 80

Exit Strategy

Long – exit when stochastics on the 15M hits 80, or the 30M hits 80, or the 1H hits 80, or the 4H hits 80

Short – exit when stochastics on the 15M hits 20, or the 30M hits 20, or the 1H hits 20, or the 4H hits 20

--- 帖子 #720 ---
True...but don't lose it trying to get more than there is.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
name of the game is chase the trend :

did anyoe notice the cable is now CARRY trade

TEB

--- 帖子 #722 ---
[quote=Spudfyre;

One of the most difficult things to beat in trading stochastics is that "panic" that you will enter too late. Trades are lost almost always on too early an entry. This is the hardest part of using stochastics because you get to a point of anticipating their moves before they happen...and it burns you. To trade stochastics requires a zen garden next to your computer [/quote]

"Lost oppurtunity is better than Lost Money".

Heard someone say that once, and it has stuck in my head since then. Pity, I had not heard it 1 year earlier.

I also agree to an extent to the concept of 10-20 pips per day. But I think a better gauge would be % of daily range. Since each pair has its own characteristics, and its own daily range, if you can grab a certain % of that range, it might be a better result. This is where the concept of trading 2 lots comes in, or scaling out of a position. I have had the privilage of being in a room with a few pro-traders, all trading at more than $400 per pip. Not once had I seen them take the first profit point as their entire position. They always scaled out for profit.

However, 10-20 pips per day, consitently, is all one needs to make a very decent living out of forex. But if there is more for the taking, the trader should be prepared for it.

On another note, Spud, have you stopped looking at the Elasticity, Convergence, Tighting of the two stochs on the same window? I finally managed to get around to putting them on my charts last night, and WOW. With proper trade selection, it seemed to have a very good success rate. Whether it was the 4H or the 5M time frame - when both stoch converge in the 80/20 zone, after a period of elasticity, and move in tandem, with the close of the trigger candle being in the direciton of the trade (ie red for short and blue for long), the success rate is very good.

Ran out of time last nite, to check Teb's and your idea of having a higher tf as a cover chart, and only take trades in this direction etc. Will do it tonite.

Would love your feedback on it as well.

Regards,

K.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
hmmm...has anyone written an EA on this.  maybe I should.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
You are generous Costos.  I recommend no EA for Spud MTF Stoch.  This method is most successful when the trader and the Stoch become ONE.  Like Spud said - ZEN.  You gotta watch it move.  That's where the learning is.  That's where the success rate increases.  You cannot go to Barnes & Noble and wait for your phone to vibrate an alert...

"Trader Dick, the Stoch has crossed."

The Stoch is a living thing that must be watched to be appreciated and understood.  Of course, I know I'm not the last word - Just my opinion.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Thanks Spud thats great, A little help with establishing the trend for the day. It is 06-00bst GBP/USD,

Daily chart the 5/3/3 Turned just above 20 pointing UP now at 50.

14/3/3 Turned below 20, pointing up now at 37,

4 hour chart both the 5/3/3 and the 14/3/3/ are above 80.

The 1 hour chart very much like the Daily both comimg up from the 20 level.

Do I read that as an UP trend for the day but with a possible pull back first?

I really do appreciate your help.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
I'm still studying everything that is in here, but trying to keep this thread focused on the simple ways to win and not get everyone confused.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Thx Spud for all your work , really appreciated !!

--- 帖子 #728 ---
I'd lok at the 30/15 and see where the are pointed.  If they are with the 4H at 80 then I'd expect a turn down and the 1H reversing.  If the 15/30 are at 20 or low and headed up then I'd expect things to run up for a while.  The "odd" time frame out of the rest will want to strive to get back with the others.  The other side of that could mean that price will range a bit until they all get together

--- 帖子 #729 ---
I appreciate it.   Right now it's GFT but I'll be going to Oanda soon.  I like GFT's chart platform, but the spreads aren't the greatest.  I have been looking at different charting platforms and once I decide on that I will change accounts over.

Thanks,

Brett

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Teb,

What do you mean by CARRY trade?

B.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/...carrytrade.asp

--- 帖子 #732 ---
I trade for a large financial institution and personal accounts and have access to some powerful programs purchased or developed by me. I have tested this and other strategies at length. The EA for MTF stochastic's will reveal high win % (75% to 92%) and drawdowns of varying degrees (25% to 75%)depending on the stop loss and take profit paramenters you utilize. As the author has defined if you take small pip gains the win% goes up dramatically. The issue with this and all good trading plans is how you handle the money management and the psychology of investing. If you do in fact produce an EA just remember there are BIG issues with the backtesting of MT4 to the fact that most professional traders in this forum only rely on the EA to give them approximate estimates, then only live forward testing is good enough to satisfy the "real results" statistics.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
imho, what you suggest is useful to know, but I still think an EA is not worth the effort. As I am sure you know there is no "set it and forget it" program. All profitable trading robots require regular intervention by a skilled trader.

Instead of an EA to trade for you how about one that just gives alerts.  Then the trader can make his own judgements about whether to enter or not.

I haven't found an EA that can be written to cover all the nuances of Stochastics. The meaning of the word stochastic is randomness. If we try to tune an EA to notice these nuances then you risk high drawdown. If we tune it to take only the pure technical setups you miss many other opportunities.

Personally I have a drawndown threshold of 20%. Since establishing this negative limit I have seen my trading improve dramatically. Beyond 20% is out of my comfort zone esp. with my hard earned pesos.

I think that what we should be focused on here is beefing up our skills with stochs which is what Spud has done masterfully from the beginning.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Another stochs indicator I ran across. I LOVE indicators:

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Do you have a bit of more information on it? Have you used it for any trading system?

Labrat407

--- 帖子 #736 ---
ok, no EA, I get it.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
I use EA's to wake me up in the middle of the night for an entry   That's about it.

You hit the nail on the head...good money management and using the tools at hand only one's brain can properly decipher.

If we could trade on EA's alone there wouldn't be much of a market...would there be?

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Hello all,

We've setup a new live trading room... using software from  tradingrooms.com.  It's free and has some great features (chart sharing, etc).  The room is MTF Traders, no password required, and is open to any and all MTF traders.  Great place to see live what we learn here!

Spud, would love to see you and TEB there!

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Spud, what do you do when the 15 min drops from the 80 to the 20 followed by the 30 min but the 30 minute never makes it to the 20 but instead turns around and heads up again?  Do you just wait and see if both the 15 and 30 will turn around again and hope you dont get stopped out?

I sent you a PM about this bet thought that others could benefit from this as well.  Thank you for your systems

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Hi Bago,

There were a couple of good articles on the Yen carry trade in the both March and April issues of Currency Trader Magazine.  Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Costos,

Just to explain - my opinion was directed at EAs that trade for you.  I suppose one that gives you a warning that a Stoch setup has appeared on the chart could be useful.  I guess I've tried enough trading EAs that I don't trust them anymore.  Alerts are ok if the trader still knows what is going on with the charts.  Again, just my opinion.  Do not let me stop you if you have a good idea.

Thanks,

KudzuFX

--- 帖子 #742 ---
hi costos

have you written the spud EA/indicator. As there are many currencies, the EA can be used as an alarm clock. Which informs the trader to look at the signal, and THEN use their own judgement , as to whether to take the signal.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
This journal will now focus on day-to-day trades.  The use of MTF stochastics will be combined with the discussions of my other thread in Trading Systems using the FIB breakout.

MTF stochastics are used to identify those breakouts and trade them.  As well MTF stochastics are used to trade between the breakouts using the stochastic system here and the fib lines.

This journal will document those trades.  The live chat sessions will be the best forum for trading "live".  Summaries will be posted here for trades with charts (time permitting).

The Trading System thread will spend more time analyzing trades and things that identified success and failure.

I believe that will help keep this thread "readable".

--- 帖子 #744 ---
A more "readable" thread will help me develop a system much quicker as my time is limited. May I suggest for those of us who want to share EAs, indicators ect., that we start a new thread devoted to develpment and testing issues. I for one don't wish to get bogged down with every prototype out there but occasionally could benefit from someone else's ideas and hard work.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Sorry Spud,

Just noticed on the MTF Breakout System thread that you stated the MFT Breakout thread will be used for testing and development of EAs/indicators.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Here is my GBPUSD short entry based on 80/20 rule and Harmonic Stochastics.

Short entry at 1.9865  10:03 est

TP = moved to 1.9824 (1.9827 with spread)  10:33 est  ---61.8 Fib level on price

Since I can grab 38 pips on an 80/20 to only 61.8, seems like a good easy target.

Stopped out for 25 pip gain....just missed my 38 pips by 2 pips.....oh well grabbed 25.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Waiting for 1H to close on USDCAD for long on 80/20 using Harmonic Stochastics.

I've decided not to trade USDCAD as it looks like the stochastics are too far ahead of price and the 4H is still below 26.3 with no upwards indication.  Will keep an eye on it.

Yep, I'm leaving USDCAD for another trade opportunity...don't like the setup.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
I see you moved your stop after the news. Were you not worried about the effects the news might have or did you trust your stochastics over what the news might reveal (i.e market sentiment showing in the stoch harmony)?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Thanks for posting your trading thoughts here Spud, on all your techniques. I hope you continue to do this on a daily basis as it is a great help  !

--- 帖子 #750 ---
My stop was moved just to protect profit.  My aim was 20 pips and saw opportunity to go for what I thought would be and easy 38 pips.  Once I saw the 15M turn up to 23.6 I decided to move my stop to take 25 pips in case things went north.

I don't follow the news too closely, I find the stochs position themselves for news most times...certainly better than 50/50 guess.

In this case if I did use the news..grabbing my pips around 30-35 would have been the best move.  Course it could have gone in my favour...either way it cost me nothing.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
I shall try....quite the workout looking for trades, cutting/pasting charts, and typing here to get it all done to keep it significant.  However, will keep trying.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
maybe the cutting and pasting isn't necessary. We should all have our charts set up the same. We can just follow your thought processes with our charts which will save you time and effort...unless you want to stipulate something after the fact. Regardless, many thanks.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
I searched this thread for this term and only find 3 references, none of which explains this new term.  Would someone be so kind as to explain?  Thanks,

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Carmel,

The explanation is in the other thread - Spuds MTF Fib Breakout system.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=110

There are some examples that follow his explanation that you might find helpful.

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Attached is a word doc of Spud's methods. The bare basics of his techniques are in there as a quick reference guide, without the meat of the theory, which newbies to the thread should read to understand the methods in greater detail. If I have missed anything or got something wrong, let me know.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #756 ---
GJ headed for a possible breakout below 0...watching

8 est...stochs didn't break 23.6....price closed below 0...still no entry

8:16 est GJ, UJ, EU and EJ are all headed for possible Fib breakouts below zero at 9 pm est or later

--- 帖子 #757 ---
yes, a great move down after the Japanese news

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Nice little manual porkpie, in an effort to save you grief from people who download the manual and don't read the thread first (shame on them), and for newbies I notice you haven't put on the settings for the stochs on most of the methods, I know they are 533 and 1433 but I can see you getting asked the question over and over.

May be worth just adding that to the start of the manual.

thanks again.

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Sorted. Thanks

--- 帖子 #760 ---
are the live trading sessions still being held?

if so, where?

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Spud, answered my question here
http://forexfactory.com/showpost.php...&postcount=164

--- 帖子 #762 ---
I am deeply sorry if this has been covered. I have gone thru as much of this forum as possible. That said...

Trending markets need trend-following indicators, such as moving averages, the MACD, and so forth. Trading-range markets, on the other hand, need oscillators, such as the RSI, stochastics, and so forth, which use overbought and oversold levels. So, identifying whether the market is range-bound or trending is extremely critical

Since stochastics are for range bound markets, has anyone tested using ADX as a filter to establish WHEN to use the stochastics? Apparently when declining from 30-20, ADX indicates consolidation or when less than 20 the market moves in small swings are best signals from stochastics.

--- 帖子 #763 ---
To read a trend with stochastics, I use the following method....

4H, 1H, 30M and 15M chart

Say the 4H stochastic is around 38.2 and headed up

If the 15M moves from the 20 level (23.6) to above 80 and falls again to 20  and the 4H still rises then we know we have a good up trend.  Strength of trend inproves if this cycle follows for the 30M and 1H.  This can also be applied using the day chart.  The more lower time frame cycles we have that move between oversold and overbought while the longer term cycles move in one direction it is easy to tell the strength and direction of trend.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Just want to tell you what a great help youve been....ive tried several systems already but cant seem to make em work...

I know other people have been using those systems and they seem to get positive results (except me)...it gets really frustrating specially when youre a forex neophyte..

i guess its not just the system but the system must also match the trader

this MTF stoch of yours seemed to fit me like a glove

im comftable with it and am using it to trad euro/USD..will be following this thread and again much thanks man!

--- 帖子 #765 ---
GBPUSD short at 198.27

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Hi Spud,

You posted this and the following post a while back but there does not seem to have been much response to this either here or on the chat room. Are you still keeping this idea as part of your arsenal or have you moved in favour of the harmonic stochs?

If is is possible I would love to see the results you did on the testing of this method. Please PM me if you wish.

Thanks,

G-Man

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Still a work in progress.  I am experimenting with it on scalp and with MTF Fib early entries.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
7 Hours have passed on my GU trade and nothing spectacular is happening.  The 4H still favours the trade so holding.  The 1H has x23.6 stochastic for a 1H exit at -9 pips,  I am sticking to 4H exit.

The 1H and 30M stochastics look like the may begin a down turn.  There is a large amount of "elasticity" (the 5,3,3 and 14,3,3) have separated on the 1H stochastic which means there will be a move for those stochastics to come back together.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Thanks Spud.

I await any further posts on this with eagerness.

If I feel like I can add anything in the meantime I'll let you know.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Trading has been a slow day with the holidays.  I'm still in my short GU trade as the 4H 14,3,3 stochastic has remained below 23.6.

The 4H Ma's are riding along the 0 line.  So this trade keeps on going.  Have seen some price action in the last few minutes...might grab a few pips before the Eur market opens.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Spud,

The CAD this morning (London Session) was showing a good 80 drop short signal on the 15/30 and 1hour. The 4 hour however was trending up on Stoch with the 5,3,3 charging up at above 61.8 and the 14,3,3 was trending up but below 38.2. Given the 15,30 and hourly stoch harmony and the elasticity of the 4 hour stoch (even though both the 14 and 5 were trending up), could this have been a plausable short entry?

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Does anyone have a simple stochastic indicator that will alert if the H1 14,3,3 crosses back over (long or short)?

So if in a long and H1 14,3,3 crosses back down over 76.4 you would receive an alert. It would be nice if this had the option to alert only on bar close or whenever it occurs. And if in a short and 14,3,3 crosses back above 23.6 you would receive an alert. If this indicator could be loaded onto the chart and either of these signals could be checked true or turned on then we could be alerted.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
I exited my GU trade late last night at about 6:45 GMT.  Although the 4H 14,3,3 stochastic had not crossed the 23.6 line, the 1H and 30M were indicating long and the 4H looked to be climbing.  Best to let go of 13 pips than risk anymore.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
In any 80/20 trade I want the 4H leading the way and being the first indicator of direction for the 1H and 30M to follow.  So in this case with the 4H moving opposite to the 1H and 30M I wouldn't go short....at least not until the 4H is going short too.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
so you don't give any weight to elasticity on the 4hour. If not, when would you recognise it as a valid indicator?

--- 帖子 #776 ---
It isn't the "elastic" part we have to worry about, it is where they converge that matters.  Elasticity is predictive to a price move..when the stochs converge there is a price move.  During the elasticity either the 5,3,3 will move to the 14,3,3, the 14,3,3, will move to the 5,3,3, or they will move together and converge.  In this case we would want the 4H's to converge in the higher levels and make an indication of a move down to go short.

An interesting aspect of the EMA3/EMA6 is that they can help predict the direction of convergence.  If you put these MA's on USDCAD 4H, you will see the MA's cross just before the big down move.  More important is that the EMA 3 is under the EMA 6 - which usually means price going down.  That would help point to the 5,3,3 converging to the 14,3,3.

The elasticity/convergence of the stochs is an extremely powerful indicator but we need to know the direction of convergence and then determine direction at convergence.

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Due to time constraints I'm going to limit my time in the chat for now from 9 am to noon est Mon-Thurs.  If you want to discuss trades or walk through trades using my systems, I'll be there to answer any questions.

www.tradingrooms.com   room:MTF Traders

--- 帖子 #778 ---
While in chat today, a trader (EMDA) suggested we look at the 39,3,3 stochastic in movement with the 14,3,3.

I played with a variety of basic rules and although my computer is slogging through reams of data, I thought I'd show you what I came up with so far in the preliminary study and how I would use it.

1H chart, only 2 stochastics 14,3,3 and 39,3,3 %K lines overlaid in one window.

Entry follows the 80/20 rule...however both stochs must cross 23.6 up (long) or must cross 76.4 down (short).

The exception is that where whipsaws occur around the 76.4 or 23.6 line we will enter a long if the stochastics cross down then back up the 76.4 level or vice versa at the 23.6 level....see the chart below.

These entries also become final exits.  So this is really a short/long/short/long....type of trading.

I say "final" exits because this is where we must exit and enter a new trade.  However, earlier exits are recommended when pips are maxing or when we have reached a target. In other words final exits are not necessarily the best exits.   Most best exits will happen in the oversold or overbought range...watch for turns in stochastics and price.

Here's a chart of the system.  Very simple and seems to work well.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Below is GJ and EJ on 1H charts getting ready perhaps for a cross.  I'll be entering these trades on the basis of the 1439 system.  See what happens.  Both trades will initiate when both stochs cross 76.4 and entry will be short.

--- 帖子 #780 ---
I entered UJ late but see price went higher than at entry so I figure it may be a good opportunity.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
thank you Spudfyre for mentioning me for the 39 stochs... Also I have to say it was a pleasure to be in the room with you.

And I'm glad to see you liked the idea of the 39 stochs.... I'm happy to contribute to this wonderful method. More than using them for exits I use them for entries expecting big moves when they converge with the 14 and the 5.

I will see if I can post some charts explaining it a little more also.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Waiting for your next post, let us know what's your exit rules.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Using a 20 period bollinger looks promising for filtering out the bad trades. Take a trade only when a stoch signal is combined with a bollinger band bounce. No trade the closer price is to the 20 period ma (center line).

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Am not having much luck with this method on the simulator I am using. Looking forward to seeing your findings on the 14/39 spud.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
I like the way the stochs look right now, as well as price action, so I shorted the G/J.

MUCH TO MY SHOCK, I WAS DOWN 20 PIPS UPON ENTRY. CAN ANYONE TELL ME WHY THERE'S A FREAKING 20 PIP SPREAD?????

That's on OANDA. I see it's only 8 on Interbank.

Is there no end to "lessons learned the hard way"?

--- 帖子 #786 ---
weekend rates?

--- 帖子 #787 ---
If you bought it around the time you post, then it's the weekend rate like Porkie says.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Are there no postings anymore because of the chatroom very succesfull??

It would be a pity after reading this whole thread. I'ld like to know more about how this system is performing in real live trading. Is the test with starting amount $500,- still on or has it been stopped?

Thanks,

FP

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Chatroom was actually taking too much time away from me.  So, I'm going to give a synopsis here of trading and continue on with the journal.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Below is a chart (hopefully the first of daily charts) explaining entries and exits using MTF stochastics.  I'm going to simplify the process somewhat back to the basics so that we can become well practiced in reading stochastics.

I am concentrating only on GBPJPY but MTF Stochastics works on any pair.

All charts will review the day and have the 15M,30M1H and 4H stochastics (14,3,3) only.  5,3,3 can be added or used but I hope to show that we don't need a spaggetti of lines on our charts to see what is happening.

If this is of any help (or not) let me know.

Trades today are only short since the 4H stochastic is down and falling.

The first entry came when the 15M/30M/1H stochastic converged and crossed the 50 level down.  The second short entry came when the 15/30/1H stochastics crossed the 23.6 level down.

Exit options from short were when the 15M came up and crossed the 76.4 line but rest of stochastics have remained low and offer no signal to exit short trade yet.

The 4H stochastic crossing the 23.6 level down re-inforces the short trade position for now until the 4H begins to turn up.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
It's a great help to me and the way the stochs are displayed in one window is especially helpful. It would be great if there was an indicator to do this...

Thanks, Spud

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Hi Spud,

I can not remember I ever saw this layout. Could you please explain and sent the template. And thanks for going back to the basics!

FP

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Back to the Basics

------------------

The charts being displayed have not been seen before.  This is because I finally figured out how to make transparent backgrounds on my stochastic charts with my graphics program!  Anyways, I am now able to overlay each time frame (15/30/1H/4H) on one chart (the 15M) so that we can see what the stochastics are actually doing together at the same time.  (Sorry no template for these...I create these from pure grunt work).

Each chart is a day of trading and in that day I will explain the trades we should have taken or I took based on the stochastics.  I am going to keep it to the basics but introduce some new terminology...hopefully so we can put the entire trade day together...and we all understand it

If you don't understand something or need more clarity, let me know.  If you need more detail, let me know.

I am only displaying the 14,3,3 stochastic.  I'm doing this for two reasons.  One to show we only need one stochastic and two because while writing my PDF manual I discovered the 14,3,3 was a better stochastic.  (see it pays for me to write this stuff).

The 4H stochastic trend is the direction we trade (for now).  I don't want to get too complicated and the charts so messy that it gets confusing.  So,  I 'll show the established 4H trend and if it is down we will only make short trades and if it is up only long trades.

My goal is to show the "Escalator to Pips" trades and the "Breakout" trades (when the stochastics are in the overbought/oversold range) as we have not discussed this much.  I'll show other trades if the Escalator or breakout is not present....but the preference is always Escalator and Breakout over other types of trades.  As we get used to the charts I'll expand them and make more cryptic notations   If you see other trades or wonder why a trade wasn't made...please ask!  I'll be glad to explain.  Other trades are Momentum Trades (which are short versions of the escalator), the 50 level cross trades (which we'll encounter) and the fib breakouts (which I won't deal with here yet).

Again, there is no template and no indicator for these charts (yet), so don't ask for one cuz I can't help you there

--- 帖子 #794 ---
We had a continuation of our short trade window from yesterday and we got almost simultaneous exit signals from the 15M, 30M and 1H stochastics as they began to rise above the 23.6 level.  Frr me, the 1H is the one I worry about and I'll probably not refer to the 15/30 exits too much except in escalator trades.  But just to show what they look like and how wild the 15/30 stochastics can be...means using them as exits can really get us out of trades way too early...but they are a lot safer.  Anyways...1H exits are the rule of thumb.

Our 4H stochastic trend remains down, there was a brief rise above 76.4 and if we went long on that rise, no harm done for an escalator ride up.  If you caught that ride up you read the stochastics very well.

However after that "reset" of the stochastics, it opened another short trade window and we had a nice escalator ride down.  The best move here is to ride the 1H as it crossed the 23.6 level we are into the breakout trade and we ride the 1H until it pops up again past 23.6....which will end our short trade window.  For now the short trade window continues into June 8th.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
G'day spud!

Firstly, I just wanted to say, this is prob the best thread ive read (this and MTF Fib breakout thread) on FF.

Well done.

Also, I took 3 trades on GBPYEN last night (last night cause im in Australia) I netted 250 pips all up. Following your rules with "escalator to pips" and Fib Breakouts, as well as using Fib levels in determination for looking for reversals etc.

There were 2 fib breakouts all up, the first unsuccessful, but i picked up on the move from 240.59 - 242.10 (i didnt take all the pips, i ony took 50 in this move, cause i was signalled to enter a little later and exit later also) by looking at the escalator to pips method and using fibs.

The price broke 0, went to 161.8% reversed went up through 0 again and hit 23.6%, which acted as resistance. And the stochs began to turn.

I then waited for the 0 breakout, entered at 241.18 and rode it all the way down, took profit at 200 pips and went to bed, and just to let you know - slept like a baby.

Ive been trading full time for 5 years now - This is a great system i can add to my arsenal of great systems (im quite picky)

Ive never been a fan of stochastics till now, i guess ive never bothered really applying them the way they should be applied.

So yeh awesome stuff Spud - you have done a tremendous service to all traders by not only starting this thread, but continuing with it, in the same level of passion and commitment you had when you started it.

Its a lot of work, but my hat goes of to you!

Cheers Mate

Rusty

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Thanks!  Glad you had a great day too!!

--- 帖子 #797 ---
which broker are you use???????

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Hello Spudfyre

After a suggestion from "Brainjt" Re.MTF stochastic indicator I came up

with this idea.

On a 15m time Frame I open MTF Stoch Indicator

before pressing the button ok I go to input and change

time frame to 15,K period to 14

Then I go to color and keep 0 at the same color and make 1 to none

Then I bring the indicator again on top of the previous indicator window

and change the time frame to 30 and do the same above changes

I do it again for 60M and 240 M

It shows the same like your chart.

Hope this will help until a new indicator is made by some programmer.

I do not know how to attach charts

Senbanda

--- 帖子 #799 ---
I am attaching 2 images of the idea Senbanda & Brainjt had. This is from the #MTF Stochastic indicator and I do not see the problems the previous MTF indicators had being placed on one chart. I believe this will work great. I have only included the 14,3,3 lines. I confirmed each of the data points for the respective time frames and they were identical. Notice how much easier it is to see when all 4 time frames have consolidated and break through the 23.6, 76.4 or crossing the 50. Spud - please advise if you agree.

The first image is the normal method with 3 charts stacked.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
The 2nd image is the Senbanda / Brainjt method:

--- 帖子 #801 ---
http://forexfactory.com/showpost.php...&postcount=118

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Make sure you utilize the smallest time frame for the MTF Stochastics to plot correctly. In this case use the M15 chart. This way the higher time frames have multiple points to calculate correctly. If you went to the H1 chart the M15 and M30 would have correct values at the point you are looking but the angle / slope to arrive at the point would be incorrect because they are being calculated off the previous H1 data point

--- 帖子 #803 ---
which version of MTF Stochastic indicator that u used in the picture above?

--- 帖子 #804 ---
#MTF Stochastic.mq4       2007, Christof Risch (iya)

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Thank you Pipr Pro for posting the images

Senbanda

--- 帖子 #806 ---
I tested it out and it seems to look ok. Will keep playing with it....but this is great!

Just an update:  I've been trying all day to find a significant flaw in this indicator and have yet to come across one.  Good work Iya, Pipr Pro, Senbanda and Brainjt   This saves so many hours of work!  Only request would be someway to identify 4H candle closes on the 15M chart that is not too obtrusive

--- 帖子 #807 ---
I'm waiting for the 4H stochastic on GJ to drop below 76.4 to look for a short trade entry.  I will check again at 5 pm est.  Looks like it is starting to break down on the shorter time frames but will probably be a late entry tonight or early tomorrow unless it breaks quickly.

8:23 pm est  Buying long GBPJPY when 30M stochastic crosses 23.6 up.

9:00 Nix the buy, waiting for the 15/30/1H to get in position for a sell since 4H crossed 76.4

7:23 am  next day  Should have gone with that buy instinct...would have made 100 pips....anyways I am now in short at 240.92 with 1H having crossed 76.4 down  ride it to the stochastic 20 unless it turns on me.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Hello,

Thank you..thank you... thank you...!  This one chart approach is great! One question...do you have to keep your candle chart on the 15 min timeframe?  Based on Spud's above post, I think that you do but I just want to be sure.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
When using the MTF Stochastic on a single time frame you must be very aware of the 4H stochastics and 1H stochastic time frames (candle closes).  These are where the accurate position is of the stochastic line at candle close....as the stochastic will adjust themselves while they are still open.

If in doubt refer to the real time frame and stochastic for a clearer view.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Spud and/or anyone else

I am sorry but I am not sure I follow your previous post. I looked at the one chart approach and then at the 4hr and the stoch numbers are the same. Please explain the importance of the close. Maybe I am having a brain freeze!

Thank you

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Hi Spudfyre,

Got to say excellent stuff, have tested this out, though am not sure what settings to use of stochs?

5 3 3 or 14 3 3?

14 seem to be better, by the looks of things, so is it best to go with 14?

Also whats the best to get quick pips, as I am hearing different stuff, I am looking to get 10 pips a day and thats it?

Thanks in advance.

Guess

--- 帖子 #812 ---
hi everyone,

i'd like to share one indicator here. regarding 4h and 1h candle close. this indicator which i found on forex-tsd forum draws BIG candles of any timeframe we chose in the background of our current timeframe candles. it's easy on the eyes to see whether the 1h or 4h is closed or not.

here's the example... lets have a look.

Attached File(s)   CustomCandle.mq4

8 KB
|
988 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Spud,

Thank you again. The proof of your contribution is in the "pudding"

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Sepak,

I found the same indicator but I could not get it to work. I download all the time so I am not sure what is going on. Any suggestions?

Thank You

--- 帖子 #815 ---
have u set its timeframe in the INPUT tab of the indicator?

if it's still not working, maybe u shld remove it. and put the one i uploaded above in the indicator folder and recompile.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Good stuff Moneda.  Were those a combo of methods or specific( break out, etc)?

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Sepak,

Never mind...  I got it working!  Thank You

Pip Hunter,

Those trades since Monday were all Spud's method.. Method I & II under Stochastics Trading Basics post.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
excellent.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
You don't necessarily need a special indicator to know when the bars close as every close on every time frame is the same, just at different intervals. In metatrader on a 15 minute chart you can go to Insert->Period lines and then drag the line from the 00:00 bar to the 04:00 bar and then you know when the 15min bar closes on the line, the 4 hour bar closed too. Same with 1 hour....or you could just switch chart timeframes

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Regards to 15M price chart with 15/30/1H/4H MTF Stochastic indicators - The attached chart may explain it better.  The problem with the 4H stochastic line on the 15M chart is that the line pivots from the last 4H close.  This can greatly change the position of the 4H line if we are not watching ourselves and being aware of the 1H and 4H candle closes.  This is easier to see live, but if back testing we have to realize that during a live trade we only know the 4H stochastic line's true position every 4 hours.  Just wanted to point this out so no one get's caught.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
I rely on 14,3,3 now only using 15M,30M,1H and 4H time frames

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Hi Spud

Is it possible to have a summary of the strategy because I begin to get lost. I  have the feeling that I have to go to page 1 and start all over again.

Regards

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Beauty!

--- 帖子 #824 ---
I'll put something up.  Wish these ForexFactory guys would let me edit the 1st post!!!!  Geez, it would be so much easier and helpful for all.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Spud,

Last question...

What time frames for price and stochs should I use, I just want to aim for 10 pips a day.

Thanks in advance,

Guess

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Spud,

I am looking for quick pips really, looking to trade once a day, even aiming for just 5 pips per trade per day.

Should I just use to 15M and 30M stochs?

Thanks,

Guess

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Following posts are the 4 most common types of MTF Stochastic trades.  They are all really the Escalator to Pips trades but for clarity I'll just describe them as they are.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
All the following 4 trade types use the 4H stochastic as the key signal for entry.  It is easier to see that signal with all the time frames on one chart.  Either the 4H stochastic is high (above 76.4) or low (below 23.6).

The 4H stochastic will be leading the entry quite a few hours ahead because the 4H will not update as fast as the rest of the smaller time frame stochastics.  We are always basing our indications on candle closes.

We are either trading "to" the 4H stochastic or "away" from the 4H stochastic based on the location of all the stochastics.

Our four basic trade types then are:

1.  Long:  Climbing To the 4H stochastic

2.  Long:  Climbing Away from the 4H stochastic

3.  Short:  Diving To the 4H stochastic

4.  Short:  Diving Away from the 4H stochastic

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Example of a long trade where the 15M,30M and 1H stochastics cross the 23.6 level and climb to the 4H stochastic line.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Example of a climbing away trade:

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Example of a Diving To trade:

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Example of a diving away trade

--- 帖子 #833 ---
You'll notice from the 4 basic trade types that most of the exits lead into the opposite trade type...so it can be very cyclical if the 4H stochastic remains high or low.

That leads into what to do when the 4H stochastic moves and crosses the 76.4 down or 23.6 up.  Follow the same rules as the 4 basic trades but trade with the direction of the 4H stochastic.

In other words, if the 4H stochastic starts to climb and crosses 23.6 up...trade long trades only.....unless the 15/30/1H zip to the top and can dive back down on the 4H stochastic.  Vice versa for the 4H stochastic moving down.  (This is basically momentum trading).

Stick to these basic 4 trades and use the 4H stochastic as your guide and you should be winning a whole lot more than losing.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
You can scalp using just the 15M stochastic as per trade methods.  You can also use 5 Min if it is in the same direction as the 15/30/1H...but just go for 5 pips.

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Spud,

In your studies, how many days or hours will the 14,3,3 lead price?

I have seen that mentioned that it will do that on occasion and was wondering if you have done a study or noted it.

Thanks,

PH

--- 帖子 #836 ---
here's the example... lets have a look.

Attachment [/quote]

Sepak,

I have tried to get my chart to look like Spud's in MT4 using the #MTF Stochastic indicator that I have...  Time Frames higher than the one on the chart look quite jaggy and stepped and not smooth... perhaps you are using a different indicator than the one I am....My version is attached as a jpeg image... Can you help?

-Jerry

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Thanks for the basic overview Supd. Very helpful.

I made it into a PDF for my own reference but figured it might be useful to others so here goes...

Lux

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Spud, I know you're not a fan of the #MTF Stochastic but the modification made to this indicator by iya is coded so that the k% lines only show closed bars which does obviate the above problem. I'm still using 4 charts as you suggest but also have a 5th chart with all 4 periods in one window of the m15 for comparison - it's really pretty slick.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Can you upload that indicator here.  I have one from Iya but perhaps it is the wrong one or earlier version?

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Thx!  That makes my life easier!

--- 帖子 #841 ---
please try this one...  Attached File(s)   #MTF Stochastic.mq4

3 KB
|
958 downloads

--- 帖子 #842 ---
That was the trick... thanks Sepak!

Jerry

--- 帖子 #843 ---
does anyone have a problem with the above indicator freezing your platform? whenever i try to overlay the different time frames on 1 window then mt4 hangs

Sorry got it working after reinstall mt4

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Just wanted to know if i made the correct call to go long on the Aus/Usd for a climb away trade 4hr stotch above 23.6 and 15/30/60 converged and closed above 23.6

--- 帖子 #845 ---
hi spud,

thanks again for the 'The Basic 4 Trades' explanation and chart examples.

all of the 4h stochs on all of the examples are mostly in overbought or oversold area.

but i have a question here, what if this 4h stoch is in between these areas? let say the 4h stoch is on the level 50 with no clear direction (it can be flat). but at the same time we can see all of the other 3 stochs are moving through 23.6 but not so 'converging' with each other.

so how can we decide if it's a good time to ride the move?

im sorry if this question confusing u.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
I think the chart below answers your question.  I simply moved the stochastics up to the price chart for clarity but you can see in the unshaded area that the 15/30/1H (especially 15/30) are clearly leading the price move.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Basically the same rules apply but conscious of the fact that if the 4H stochastic is rising from say 20 to 80, than we are probably trading within a long trend and vice versa if the 4H stochastic falls.

Keep in mind that even in say a long trend, there are good short trades to be had within.  However, with the 4H stochastics in the overbought/oversold area the trades are usually easier to capture succesfully.

I'll have more to come....still working.  Graphics take a long time.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
This isn't a true climb away trade....remember we want the 4H stochastic to be in the overbought/oversold zone...preferably.  In this example you must be careful of the 4H stochastic falling.  Have to be watchful of the fact that the 4H might drop into the oversold position.  Having said that, if the 15/30/1H cycle to the top (76.4) then we'd have a "Diving To" scenerio which works better with the falling 4H....since then everything is dropping.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
that's great! thanks spud!

--- 帖子 #850 ---
It does, thank you.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Here it is. This indicator was in an upload called Indicators.zip which was posted either on this thread or on the fibo thread (don't remember where) by iya.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Spud,

Don't you think that Climbing to Trade & Diving to Trade have a better chance for success because you are trading with an established trend (4hr.)?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Exactomoondo!  However, remember that the 4H is going to lag any trend change...and eventually the trend will change...so this is what that looks like in a climb away scenerio where the 4H is climbing...we just can't see it as quickly as we would like.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Spud,

Thanks for the explanation(+)!

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Just so I haven't lost anyone here...the "away" trades and "to" trades work on the exact same principle of "momentum" trades and "escalator to pip" trades as explained in the very beginning.

One thing I should point out for statistical sake is that all the BIG, long moves will come from the "away" trades with the 4H stochastic rising or falling across the 23.6 or 76.4 lines.

In other words a "Dive Away" trade will have the 4H stochastic starting from an overbought position and falling past the 76.4 level and keep going.

A "Climb Away" trade will start with the 4H stochastic in the oversold position and the 4H will rise up and cross the 23.6 and keep climbing.

There are big moves too wth the "To" trades where the 4H stochastic does not move but they don't tend to last as long.  These will be big 70% as many times as the "From" Trades.

About 90% of all the big moves will be generated starting from these 4 trade types.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Hello,

I don't remember reading about a MTF Stochastics alert indicator. Is there one lurking in this thread?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Does anyone know how to create the MTF Stochs overlay in TradeStation.

I know most folks seem to use MT, but I thought there might be some TS

users lurking around here.

Thanks

Dream Dog

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Spud

I am with GFT and I am trying to put all the lines on one chart if I use 3-3-3 for 15min, 7-3-3 for 30min 14-3-3 for 1 hr and 28-10-3 for 4hr all on a 1hr chart is this going to match your setting?  It looks close but I'm not for sure  it will trade accurately.

Thanks

COG

--- 帖子 #859 ---
GFT doesn't offer the same setting for their Stoch. They don't have the high/low option.

You can still obtain favorable results with the method, but why are you using so many settings for your stochs?

PH -

--- 帖子 #860 ---
The problem with doing this is in the math.  The %K formula for stochastic (close) is:

%K = 100[(Close - Lkclose)/(Hk - Lk)] where:

C = the most recent close

Lk = the lowest low for the last k trading periods (%k setting)

Hk = highest high for the same k trading periods (%k setting)

So, 14,3,3 on the hour chart is:

%K = 100[(Close 1H - L14)/(H14-L14)]

So, 3,3,3 on the hour chart is:

%K = 100[(Close 1H - L3)/(H3-L3)]

In english, the 14,3,3 on the 15 min chart is taking the 15M close price, the range over the last 210 minutes (15M x 14), and the lowest low in the last 210 minutes.

The 3,3,3 ont the 1H chart is taking the 1H close price over the last 180 minutes (1H x 3), and the lowest low in  the last 180 minutes

As you can see that leads to a pretty large discrepency.  It get's much worse because we are using the difference between the low and the high instead of the close....which is typically much larger on a 1H chart than a 15M chart.

Having said that, I have experimented with using different stochastics to represent different time periods and it doesn't work nearly as well as the real thing.

I'll keep coming back and saying it....there is no short cut to accurate trading!!!!  It is a pain to flip between time frames but that is how we get accurate data.  We can use a tool like MTF stochastics in MT4 if we know how to read it, the effects of using it and realizing the effect of the time frame it is on .

--- 帖子 #861 ---
this thread just keeps on movin...i wasnt able to read it for a week and now i gotta do some catching up...

a little help guys, i'm fairly new with metatrader and im still exploring the interface...

a) I noticed in Spud's chart example (post #831) of the 4 basic trades ("to" and "away") that the 14,3,3 for the 4 different periods are all in the M15 chart...how do you do that!?...dragging from the navigator window only works if your changing the setting (say, a 5,3,3 overlayed on the 14,3,3) or maybe im missing something?

b) Second question would be the candles that form as a background on the m15 chart, again how do you do that?

sorry to bother you with details like these , but help would be greatly appreciated

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Dr. Ich,

If you allow me to be your assistant surgeon for a brief moment.... here is the scapel.... slice this thread and extract pg. 54 & 55.... there you will find your answer!

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Moneda,

!?! :surprised...I didnt notice that it was already posted...anyways thanks for pointing me in the right direction...

a sharp scalpel isn't much use if you don't know where to slice . So its really great to have people like you assisting clueless surgeons  Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #864 ---
I cannot see any differences in precision with the last MTF stochastics indicator posted here.

for example I put a 240 (H4) MTF stochastics in a M15 timeframe.. and the line is identical to the line created by a standard stochastics indicator in the H4 timeframe.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Spud

I opened a demo at strategybuilderfx and downloaded metatrader 4. What else do I need to get so that #MTF Stochastic.MQ4 will open  properly? When I tried to open that file from post #806 it only gives me the programer lingo and  no chart. HELP please, I spend ALL day Saturday trying to figure it out and no luck.  I think having it on one chart would really help me.

Thanks

COG

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Cog,

I know you asked Spud but maybe I can help you..... Download the indicator to the MT4 by doing the following:

When you hit save it will open a window where you need to find your MT4 folder and look for the Expert folder within your StrategyBuilder(MT4). Open the Expert folder and look for the Indicator folder...that is where you want to download the indicator. Make sure that you log off your demo and log back in and after that go to Navigator in the demo platform and you should be able to follow the steps in pg. 54 of this thread that will allow you to have all your timeframes in one chart.

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #867 ---
After I do this is it going to show up as a new indicator?  If so I am not seeing it. Thanks for your help!

COG

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Save the attachment to your folder labeled "templates" and then close the platform and reopen and attach to chart.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
I just wanted to echo what Spud said about an MTF indicator in one window (post #860).  I think this question of the funny math (trying to put any MTF indicator in one window) has been discussed earlier, but here's another brief response.

I have tried using an MTF indicator in one window and it does not work.  If you want reliable input and output then you need to do it the old fashioned way - a window for each TF.   It may seem more cumbersome to have all your TFs open at once, but inreality you do not need to see more than the last 20 periods for each TF.  You aren't trading the past, but you are trading the present.

There is definitely a difference in the precision between using a one window MTF indicator and just using plain ole MTF.

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Kudzu Fx,

I guess we need Spud to clarify this issue because if you look at the quote above he came to the conclusion that there was nothing wrong with the one chart approach based on posts by Sebanda(#798) and PiPrPro(#799). His concern about identifying 4H candle closes was also taken care of as you can see in Post # 823.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
The MTF Stochacastic indicator works fine but when using it for multiple indicators on one chart the following is recommended:

1.  Use the 15M chart with 15,30,60 240 stochastics

2.  Know where the last closes of each time frame are and only use that value as accurate (especially critical with 4H)

I have seen no problems with the accuracy of the numbers in this manner so long as there is clear understanding that drawing one vertical line down a 15M candle is not the same closure for all the time frames and that "live" stochastics are not accurate...only the closed stochastics are accurate.  If in doubt refer to a specific time frame chart to double check your trade and exactly where the stochastic is.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
I agree with spud. That was exactly the way I'm using it.

and is great.

don't try to see smaller stochastics timeframes than your current timeframe.

the custom candle indicator can help a lot to know where the H4 or H1 close is.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Hi Spud,

Can you please explain this a little more if possible?

I have the 1 and 4 hour candle on a 15 min chart + the usual settings, I don't understand by what you mean with the 1 and 4 hour close, could you please upload a chart and/or explain if possible?

Thanks in advance,

Guess

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Guess,

You may want to read post#820 in the meantime.

Hope it helps

--- 帖子 #875 ---
I don't think I can explain it better than post 820.  The best thing I can suggest is to just watch the stochastic lines about 30-60 mins before the 4H candle closes and see what they are doing.  You will see how much movement there is and how far back the various stochastic lines move on the 15M chart.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Ok. I'll see if this will help clear up closes.  The chart below is a 15M chart.  The red shaded areas show the last point for each time frame where the candle and stochastic is closed at the point of the last 4H closure.

Notice that the 4H closure is 16 x 15M candles away from the 15M closure. What this means is the stochastic line after the 4H closure is going to move with price until we get another 4H closure.  In other words, where the arrow is pointing at stochastic line on the 4H close is where the thick red stochastic line will pivot from while price goes up and down until the next 4H close.

The length of this period will keep getting longer for the 4H stochastic as each new 15M candle opens....until we have another 15 x 15M candles.  It will not be until the 16th, 15M candle close will the 4H close again and shift to the right 16 candles.

So the lag of the 4H stochastic is anywhere from 16-31; 15M candles depending on where the last 4H close was.

The 1H works the same way but only lags 4-7; 15M candles and so on.

At each 4H close the lag is the smallest between all time frames on the 15M chart.

I'd suggest if this isn't clearly understood that one does not use the MTF Stochastic indicator for live trading but instead flip through the various time frames with single indicators for each.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Spud,

If I want to learn your system here...should I start from the first thread?  Or is there a later post to start at?

Thanks for all of your sharing!!

BearPaw

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Spud,

You are a legend!!!

Thanks, it's a lot clearer now... ok another question... has anyone tried using ADX 13 for confirmation?

Or are there any other indicators that we could use to confirm trend?

Thanks in advance,

Guess

--- 帖子 #879 ---
My trading platform has a 3 hr TF ,but no 4hr TF. Is it imperative that I change platforms to get that 4 hr slot or will 3 hr work ... thanks Joel

--- 帖子 #880 ---
I'd recommend from the beginning.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Download MT4 , it is free.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
I'm playing with MTF Cornflower (it is in the Trading Systems)  for trend gazing.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
yeah... same with me Spud! mtf cornflower looks nice!  i hope to see your creative ideas on implementing cornflower with your method.

i guess it will be great!

--- 帖子 #884 ---
In case you are curious, I am studying MTF Cornflower to guage stochastic move strength.  Curiously it is working better at identifying the strength of the MA moves in Cornflower.  Still lots of work to do but if I come up with anything I'll post it.  MTF Cornflower does make a real nice trend gauge.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Spud,

I am trying to get about 5 pips per trade and finding this very difficult to get this, are there any examples that you can provide to do this?

Thanks in advance,

Guess

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Guess,

Why don't you share the specifics of your entries/exits and perhaps some of the people here who have been trading this method can help you reach your goal?

--- 帖子 #887 ---
This is the easy way...but this example is for 10 pips a day on GBPJPY.  However, same idea works on the EURUSD with a 3 pip spread for catching 8 pips a trade, so we net 5 pips.

We trade into the stochastic trend always. The trend in this example is set by the 4H stochastic and the 1H stochastic's position.  The 4H is above 76.4.  The 1H is a bit more fickle depending on your patience.  I like it up near 76.4 and or above 76.4 but nothing wrong if it is rising and above 50 either.  This is a "feel" thing but the higher it is and if it is rising so much the safer you will be.  In other words we want the 1H to be turning back to the 4H or up with the 4H.

The 30M is our trade signal.  Whenever it rises from below 50 or below 76.4 and crosses either upwards we are in a long trade so long as our 4H and 1H are where they should be.

I choose the 30M, but you could easily trade the 15M and use the 1H and 30M or 4H and 1H..or even the 4H,1H and 30M to trade "into".

This is basically "momentum" trading with stochastics as explained at the very beginning of this thread.  You can add to it by trading when say the 1H and 30M cross the 23.6 line and are headed up to the 4H...or even go short when the 4H,1H and 30M head south and cross 76.4 together.  But for simple pip catching...this is about as basic as it gets.

I like doing this with the 5M (EURUSD for 5 pips max) when the 4H or 1H are moving up from 23.6 and just trading the 5M every time it crosses 23.6 (vice versa on the short).

Exit.  Exit when you get your 5 pips or the 30M curls and hits the 73.6 if it passes the 73.6, or if it hits the 50 after passing the 50 but not hitting the 73.6 and so on.  Or exit if you have any doubt or anything looks like it is curling on you.  You can also look at the shorter time frames like 5M,15M for help.  If you only see 4 pips take it...take 3...just don't gain 4 and end up at -10.

The chart below is ultra conservative, but still netted 50 pips in 5 days with  no losses.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Yes, that would be a good idea.  It's easy to look at all the stuff that works but better if we figure out where we went wrong, or if we didn't and the market just burned us.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Here is the latest from EURUSD trading with the 30M and looking for 10 pip net gains.  Missed the 1st long opportunity because the 1H and 4H were falling and looking to be going down.  Caught the second long opportunty when the 4H started to turn (was flat) and the 1H was rising and near the top when the 30M crossed the 76.4 level.

Now waiting for the 30M to cycle down low and catch it on the way up...4H should be high or higher and 1H still high.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
I actually cought the long at 1.3393, when 30M was above 76.4 and 1H had crossed the 50.

Thanks Spudfyre. This method has given me more confidence.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
I brilliant, I will give this a go and see how I do

I am using Meta Trader 4, is it best to use Multiple time frame window or use the MTF Stochs indicator posted from this forum?

I know we have been through this, but other peeps opinons, what are you using spud on your Stochs overlay - is that similar to MTF Indicator?

I am testing both at the moment, but I am finding the MTF indicator lagging with the pivot points for each time frame does not really represent its status - so therefore I am probably finding it difficult to make the call, I dunno.

Thanks in advance,

Guess

--- 帖子 #892 ---
I use both.  I use the MTF STochastic indicator /15M chart and 4 stochastics (15,30,1H,4H) to keep a general eye on things (and make pretty charts!) but for actual trading and decision making I am using individual time frames for each.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Good time to buy EURUSD...you bet!  Go for 10 pips net.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
There's 10 pips but since the 30M stoch crossed the 76.4 going to let it run just a little bit more

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Spud,

You're a Grand Master at this, I have to give it to you!

I tried some early on and they now it reversed.... grrrr, I entered here, I checked the time frames for 30M, 60M and 4H on 14 3 3 and it showed as going up, where am I making a mistake? I did not really take into too much account the MTF Stoch indicator, though I think I should have, as the pivot points and close of candles, I could not really tell where to enter, though the individual time frames showed everything correct.

Any advice?

Thanks,

Guess

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Time to exit.  15 pips net.

--- 帖子 #897 ---
It's a tricky one but there are signs to be watchful for.  The 15M is making quite a move downwards and I haven't looked at the 5M but I'd bet it is closer to 23.56 level and falling.  You can see the 30M starting to flatten.  It's a tough decision here whether to ride out the 5M and see if it turns up or goes to the over sold depths.  If 5M was OS and the 15M crossing 50, I'd probably bail out and accept a small loss or the spread loss here....otherwise might want to tighten the stop to 10 or so and see what happens.  If it was going to correct and return up, it wouldn't drop much more an the 5M or 15M would give us a hint really quickly.  If we played the conservative side we'd probably gain 2-3 pips with the spread and bail out.

Once you get positive, you really don't want to go negative if anything hints at moving against you.

All in all it's a trade where the market is moving against you and there isn't a lot to do about that other than look for some signals and minimize the loss.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Trading just the 15M, we have a clear bail out signal when the 15M recrosses 76.4 on the way down.  The earlier entry opportunities were better than this one but nothing wrong with the entry you made other than the market turned against us.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Spud,

I think I am starting to know where I am going wrong (he smiles)... I think it will take some practise and better stop predicting, what the stochs are going to do, that's why I am getting burnt out!

Thanks a lot!

Guess

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Prediction and "too early" are the killers.  There is a tendency to hit the panic button because we think we'll miss a trade.  Just wait for it and to be corny....the pips will come to you.  If we miss a trade, we miss a trade and move on to the next one....there will always be trades.  Now, if I could follow that mantra.......

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Good News!

Spud said he will be at MTF Traders room on Mondays 6pm-7pm EST for a live session.  Please do your homework - study spud's thread and bring your questions

If you need help getting to the room, please read instruction to the room here http://forexfactory.com/showthread.p...ht=mtf+traders

--- 帖子 #902 ---
PIPR PRO

How did you get all Lines in one chart like in #800.  I finally have it like #799. If I do like senbanda said it just keeps giving me more individual windows.

Thanks

COG

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Below is a chart of GBPJPY.  The 4H is falling so we'd prefer a short trade.  There is a high risk long trade available where we'd like to see the 30M climb up and then turn and fall....this would be the better short entry if it happens and would probably net 10-20 pips.  If the 30M climbs and falls then we could ride the 1H into the oversold and perhaps the 4H down to 23.6.  Have to keep an eye on 30M moves.  Can also view 15M (not here for clarity).

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Now we are definetly better off waiting for a short postion and best entry will be if 30M rises to overbought and then turns to cross 76.4 line to fall...if 1H follows so much the better, but need to watch that 4H is still falling.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Now that the 30M has turned down and crossed 76.4, the 1H has turned and the 4H still appears to be falling it looks like a good short position.  This is targeted for 20 pips net but we will watch for some critical signs such as:

1.  What happens to the 1H and 30M after they close (if they close) below 50%.

2.  If the 30M falls to 23.6% where is the 1H in relation to it

3.  Look to hang on for a 30M oversold position, 1H and perhaps ride the 4H to 23.6%.  Watch the 4H if it crosses 50% and see if there might be a reversal set up after that.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Hi Spud,

You mentioned that you omitted the 15 min stoch for clarity purposes... are you putting less weight on the 15min stoch? I wonder because the 15 min sometimes takes off by itself and price does not follow with the same volatility.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Decided to jump out with 17 pips net with the close of day looming I don't want to get stuck with any interest.  30M is rock bottom.  I added the 15M stoch to better time my exit.  Probably a few more downward pips here, but no matter I made my 17 and that's all I need for this trade.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
I typically use the 15M/5M to time entries and exits....no point in exiting if the 5/15 are both at the top and headed down in a short position.  I don't rely to heavily on the 15M moves other than pay close attention to price when the 15M goes against me.  Otherwise I'd rather use the 30M as it isn't as cyclical and the 30M/1H I find make a pretty reliable tandem.

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Spud,

Thanks for that explanation. In the chart below at present would you agree that the 30 and the 60 seem to be heading north thus a sign that we should be exiting this short entry?

--- 帖子 #910 ---
We can expect to watch the 15M cycle upwards probably to 76.4 or more.  Having said that it would be a question of if the 30M will follow.  I'd rather play safe and still chase the shorts on this one until the 4H and 1H stop falling.

The answer to your question is that if you are + pips I would exit, if you are -'ve pips I'd ride it out and see how fast the 15M cycles and how far up it goes.  I'd still be in the 4H groove that the 4H will fall to 23.6.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Spud,

Thanks.... I am glad to see that we are on the same page!  Your experience and willingness to share it is priceless.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
The GBPJPY is in a bad position for any trade entry.  If we were stuck in a -'ve short position then I'd ride it out depending how -'ve that position is.  The problem with this set up is that although the 1H and 4H are falling, the 15/30 are likely to climb and we can expect the worst that they will climb to 76.4 before any continued fall....that's the stochastic position.

The speculation is that the 4H will fall to 23.6 and that we if we are stuck in a short trade we can ride out the short term move of the 15/30M/1H if they climb.

It would be fairly safe to assume (statistically) that the 4H will cross the 50 and that if price does reverse and the 4H crosses back up across the 50 we should jump in that long to recover any losses from a bad short caught in a reversal.  However, we'd expect that our short entry will be in a + pips position if the 4H comes down across 50 and then we'd be looking at the stochastic positions again.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Its going Down!!! big!!

Look at a macd or RSI or TL

You see the "big D" everywhere ( it is summer!!)

But you see it on the Stochs very easy

Week, Day, 4 hour , 1 hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #914 ---
wow MR TEB I see it different from you

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Like I said...we can speculate that the 4H will go to 23.6 or lower but that we have to watch the other indicators to make sure we don't run into a reversal along the way.  However, nothing wrong with grabbing a few pips on the reversals along the way if the 4H keeps falling.

It is prudent to watch the stochs for any upward movement here as the 15/30 could decide to cycle up again out of the over sold zone.  The 4H may want to retrace long after crossing the 50....not likely but we have to keep an eye out for an upward move.  Probability is on the down side.

If we are not in a trade best to wait for the 15/30 to cycle so that we can get into a good short position.  Watch for the 15M and/or 30M to rise above 23.6 and or 50 and turn back down...that the sign for short entry.

--- 帖子 #916 ---
What are your MA an this chart ?

TEB

--- 帖子 #917 ---
I will take my pips & run!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #918 ---
I had a question yesterday on the chat site with regards to identifying trends and ranging periods with stochastics.  Both are very easy to identify with MTF stochastics.

Trends

The chart below is the current GBPJPY.  Notice that the 15M/30M and 1H stochastics are very busy below the 4H stochastic line while the price takes a  downward trend.

The other identifier which is easier to use is that when the 4H stochastic crosses the 76.4% line and is falling we have a very high (around 75%) probability that it will end up lower than the 50% level and more than likely will fall below 23.6%.  Unfortunately, as we can see in this example the price rarely moves in a nice straight downward trend and there are many up cycles within the downward moves.  This is actually to our benefit as we will get a few opportunities to trade within the downward trend in a most reliable fashion.

Also during a downward trend like this, we can draw a trend line on the stochastic from the each high peak and see that each successive high peak is lower than the previous one.  This is more relevant with the 1H time frame but the 30M is a useful guage as well.  We usually do not get enough peaks and valleys in the 4H stochastic to follow a trend in this manner.

I'll diagram ranging in the next post.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
In a ranging situation the stochastics usually get "stuck" between the 23.6% and 76.4% levels with very few stochastics crossing either of these levels.

The chart below shows and example of a ranging market.  Notice the 4H is stuck in the over bought area above 76.4%.  It is unlikely in a ranging market we will see the 4H transition from 76.4% to 23.6% or vice versa, typically the 4H is "stuck" in an over sold or over bought position.  Generaly we will see the 4H stochastic go flat in any ranging market.

More important are the 15M,30M and 1H time frames.  Although the 1H stochastic is taking a downward trend, none of the other stochastics are following this trend and price is hardly moving.  The 15M and 30M to a lesser extent are cycling between 23.6% and 76.4% but we can see the 15M stochastic (the thin red line) is cycling very evenly around the 50% level.

Notice that the stochastics give a very clear indication of the range period ending towards the end of the range when the 15M, 30M and 1H stochastics all fall below 50%.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Spud,

In a ranging market such as the one you posted above, do you move to the 5 min and do some scalping? or do you wait for the 15/30 to move towards the 4hr and try to go for 20(+/-) pips?

thanks

--- 帖子 #921 ---
5 smooth close 8 smooth open

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Do you put the arrow on?

are they from lower time frames?

What are the time frames you use- how many?

what are the rules you use?

Thanks

TEB

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Same chart of same ranging period below.  There are 5 entry opportunities...the first being a 15M scalp targeting for about 5 pips.  The others are "normal" entry signals but the first 3 would be quickly exited since the stochastics would reverse on us and we be in play for a good long at the end....this being if we did not recognize the ranging period.

You could flip down to 5 mins on a low spread pair in this situation and scalp the entries (I don't scalp GJ very often because of a 6-7 pip spread I endure but on EURUSD or similar it would be a good strategy).

Notice that all the trade opportunities are trading "to" the 4H stochastic line's position.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Good opportunity to go short GBPJPY.  Watch for the 4H to stay below 23.6 and the 1H to drop to over sold....then we will be bringing the pips home.  Otherwise get out if the 4H rises above 23.6 or there is any inclination of a turn around.  Target for 20 pips and if things keep falling extend that TP.  Give the stop some room for the market to bounce around.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
I put a stop in a 246.40.  Want to be able to gain back any losses if the 15/30/1H climb up to 76.4 level and take advantage of what comes next.  We can assume if market passes 246.40 we may be in for a reversal.  Don't want to speculate too far ahead on this one as things could just be bouncing and still go down.

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Long spike took out our stop and left me with a -16 pip net.  In wait and see mode.  Long is tempting but will wait for a better setup because this could just be a stop spike.  Want to see where 4H stochastic is at close before speculating direction of price.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
price is going down

I went in at 246.58:

I will make that my SL just in case.

TEB

--- 帖子 #928 ---
I am out 246.23

I really don't like the GJ

Bye guys

been fun

TEB

--- 帖子 #929 ---
hello spudfyre.

Thankyou for the great system you have given us. I really did well on demo account and it has given me confidence as well.

My question is If i have MTF stoch on a single chart and when i switch from 15 to 30, 1hr and 4hr chart it giives a diffrent directions for MTF stoch. Could you tell me which timeframe do you follow to watch MTF stochs lines as you can see on the attachments.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Hi Spud,

Maybe I have too much time to ponder today but did you ever try to use the MTF Stochastics method and apply it to longer time frames? Instead of 260/60/30/15, how about ....daily/260/60/30...or weekly/daily/260/60? Would you still use 14/3/3 stoch?  I am just considering options for those times that I can not spend as much time staring at my monitor.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
I prefer using the 15 min time frame for MTF Stochastics indicator.

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Ya..you got too much time on your hands!

The longer time frames are more difficult to trade because of draw downs.  But if you have the stomach for large draw downs it works fine for longer time frames.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
This will be in my PDF when completed, but since the question of longer time frame trading came up, here is some statistical help.

Stochastic Equilibrium

Stochastic Equilibrium occurs about 85-90% of the time on any time frame or price chart.  This means that if we see a movement of the stochastic line from 76.4% to below 50% and that stochastic line reverses and climbs back across 50% than there is an 85% probability that the stochastic line will climb to 76.4%.  Likewise, if we have a stochastic line that moved from 23.6% to higher than 76.4% than we have an 85% probability that the stochastic line will fall back to 23.6% after crossing the 76.4% line.  The diagram below illustrates Stochastic Equilibrium:

--- 帖子 #934 ---
this is my take on longer time frames

--- 帖子 #935 ---
That is intersting,

I have found they are Way way Way Way easier to trade Way way Way Way less noice.

& the trends are Way way Way Way easier to see.

If you do month, week & day you would almost never lose.

That is behond what I am doing .. but that is how the banks do it

& why they almost never lose.

I am finding the day charts great!!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Interesting concept Spudfyre. How did you calculate that the "equilibrium" for this TF you are using is 14? (hence the 14/3/3 setting). I know that Dr. Constance Brown in her Book "Technical Analysis for the Trading Professional" describes on Page 35 in detail how she determines the cycle (equilibrium I guess is also the same thing) for each instrument (being currency or stock). Unfortunately I do not have access to the Omega TradeStation software she uses in order to see whether we are in fact using the correct settings. Would be very good if someone with Omega TradeStation could work that out for everyone here.

I use the 13/4/8 as my main setting for what is really suppose to be the main trend and the 5/3/3 to show me what is happening inside the present direction.

My levels are @ 78,6 and 23,6 - reason being that recent research have shown that 78,6 is superior to the Fib number of 76,4 fwiw.

Would appreciate some comments from you. Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Hi All,

I've been following this discussion with keen interest, and would like to first thank you, Spud, for your brilliant conception and commitment, as well as all the others who have contributed so generously.

This is obviously my first post here on FF, so hopefully the image I've attached will show up correctly.

I made a really bad trade yesterday morning, shortly after 11:00 am EST, but I still can't figure out what happened. The chart is of the USD/CAD, and I went long at the vertical red line when both the 15m & 30m crossed up over 23.6. Almost immediately, the price plummeted down like a lead weight (I seem to have the innate ability to force a market turnaround by simply making a trade in any direction), but to make matters worse I decided I would stick this one out thinking it would come back up before too long, so I moved my stop 100 pips away. But it just kept dropping harder, and I eventually got scared enough to jump ship with a -40 pip loss (good thing, as price eventually dropped -165 pips). Not a good day (trading with real money).

FYI, I usually keep my stops much tighter but often feel they cost me more than if I had not placed them at all.

Can someone tell me what I missed in this setup? And, at what point would you have gotten out? I'd hate to go through this again!

Thanks so much in advance!

--- 帖子 #938 ---
*************************************************

k2kv,

Thank you for your first post as we all learn from eachother, especially with Spud and the trading room as our support/mentor. If I may, let me just point out a few things that others can agree/disagree and/or add to it:

* the 15/30 did break the 23.6 but the 1hr and the 4hr stochs were anchored

below the 23.6 so you were basically going for a riskier entry.Sometimes the 15min takes off on its own but price does not reflect it.

* Did you notice that the 30 was rounding off a bit?...just something to keep an eye on.

* It seems like you did not have a clear plan for your exit...what was your profit target? Were you going for 10-20 pips? If you are entering trades based on the 15/30 your are probably going a short term trade most of the time unless you get lucky and price continues going in your favor.. so... based on your t/a, it seems to me that 100 pips SL for the usd/cad seems excessive. Good thing you got out at -40... I have adopted the same "wishing for a comeback" approach and it has cost me more than 40pips...

* One last thing... I like the Gbp/Jpy pair for this method for its volatility and I may be incorrect on this since I am only using my own experience, but the price action of the pound/yen seem to be strongly correlated to Spud's method.

Hope this helps you and I am sure Spud and others can help you even further.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Hi Moneda,

Thanks so much for your reply.

I do see that the 30 was rounding off a bit, but it was going up pretty straight when I entered (famous last words). Should I have waited longer to make sure it was going to continue upward? I'm hard pressed to find any available setups where the 1h is in compliance with the 15/30. Perhaps that is telling me something, after all, and I should just sit on my hands until a better setup presents itself.

Yes, I was looking for 10-20 pips, and had originally set my stop for 15p. As a general rule I never move my stop but thought I would try a new approach (LOL)!

Regarding the USD/CAD pair, there is quite a bit of movement, and the spread is much more appealing, compared to the G/J. That said, it may not be as good a match for the MTF Stoch system. The thought of having to make up the 6.5p spread on every trade is somewhat off-putting for me, as I'm having enough trouble making small gains! I have a great deal to learn.

Very helpful, and very much appreciated.

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #940 ---
k2kv,

If you haven't already, read Spud's MTF Fib Breakout System.  Make sure you read it through since he's made some changes (for the better) along the way.  You'll learn alot and be pleasantly surprised how often you'll be on the winning side of a trade.  Then you can make the transition to this shorter 15min MTF system and understand the manner in which the stochs move a little better.  I really find the 1hr Fib Breakout very comfortable to work with. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Rialto,

I actually became interested in MTF trading when I found that MTF-FIB thread, but eventually linked away from there to here! But you're right -- I should revisit and see what I can learn from it, now that I'm a bit more familiar with some of the concepts.

I find that no matter what TF I am trading in, I always tend to watch the price like a hawk, just can't seem to leave the screen to wait for candles to complete while something significant might be happening in the meantime. Kind of like leaving your pregnant wife who's two days overdue!

Is that how most traders trade? Or, do folks who trade, say, 1h TFs, walk away and check back every sixty minutes or so? As a new trader I'm a little confused by this and would like to know how others do it, as my personality seems to want in and out pretty quickly.

Thanks for your help!

--- 帖子 #942 ---
-------------------------------------------------------

K2kv,

I also have been following Spud's method's since he started posting here on FF. It has been a learning curve.

I would not have traded at the spot you entered as both H4 & H1 were  down. I would wait and about 6:15 a.m.  EST  this morning (June 29th) a really good inidication setup.  Look below at my chart (M15) where all the TF lines came above  23.6. The Aqua  vertical line is where I would want to enter. I didn't as I was busy grabbing some sleep at the time.

Kilo

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Hi Kilobucks,

Okay, now I understand about BOTH H4 and H1 being down. Was definitely a bad trade on my part. Yes, I saw the much better setup from this morning but, like you, was sleeping when it began (I'm in NY). There have been a couple of other very nice setups today, on both the GP/JY and EUR/$ which I entered with success but, unfortunately, only on my demo station since I'm feeling somewhat gun-shy today.

I have to leave for a couple of hours and may trade again later when I return, but will probably wait until Monday since I'd rather not trade so close to the end of the week.

Thanks so much for all your help. It is a huge advantage to be able to ask questions and interact directly with others about these things.

I'm truly grateful.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Perhaps I should expand on my comment.  I put it in context that I don't trade the daily time frame on the same basis (i.e. from 23.6 to 76.4) as I would say the 1H time frame (i.e. from 23.6 to 76.4).  In other words, I wouldn't say trade the 30M, 1H, 4H and Daily trading "to" and "from" the Daily using the the 1H and 4H charts becuase there would be too many encounters with 150+ pip draw downs.

Having said that if I were targeting to make 30-40 pips and had everything lined up with the day chart rising as an example...or everything falling to hit the Day stochastic then I would do that.  I haven't seen any great improvement in reliability from using the Day chart tied in say with the 15M, 30M, 1H and 4H chart...especially when there is a trend reversal, the day is  lagging too far behind to help at all.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
There was nothing wrong with your entry.  This is a "from" or "away" trade where you are trading "away" from the 4H stochastic.  What you are looking for is the 15M to be leading a price move upwards and everything to follow.

This is a classic signature that the 15M is too weak and price is not following.  It is a little hard to see when the 15M reaches 76.4 but we should be worried that the 1H hasn't come near or crossed 23.6 yet.  When the 15M falls we are looking at "elasticity" and the 15M is likely to snap back down to the 1H and 4H area.  By the time the 30M turns and reaches 23.6 again this trade is well done and we should be out.

With 15M/30M trades we should see a pretty rapid 1-5 pip net gain.  If the 15M doesn't go into over bought, the 30M is hardly rising and the 1H/4H are still over sold...gravity will take it's course and suck the 15M back down again.

When running a long trade like this...treat it first like a scalp trade trying to net 5 pips and if you don't see that little bit of gain then start to worry....especially if we get into -15 to -20.  If price had been moving long the 30M would have gone up to around 50 when the 15 hit 76.4 and we would have expected to see the some pull happening...but none here.

Another tool to use is the 5M.....odds are it was over sold when the 15M started to fall or that the 5M went over sold on the 15M fall.....without the 5M turning up...the 15M is doomed to fall.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Actually the "14" wasn't a calculated number but rather equilibrium was a surprising result in studying the statistical data of using the 14,3,3 stochastic.  If weird things happen frequently and consistently enough then they become a tool.

I'm not going to leap to far into the 76.4, 78.6 or 80 debate.  Other than my Vulcan mind partitions like that 76.4+23.6 = 100.  Having said that, I can find no statistical difference of any relevance over the long run of using 80%, or 76.4% as a signal level.  I haven't measured 78.6% but I would assume that just about any number between 76% and 80% would work.

However, beyond that I'd rather just keep it simple and go with what I use.  If someone wants to produce the data on 78.6 versus 76.4 or 80 I'm wide open for seeing the results.  From observation and experience (which may be wrong) I can't anticipate there is much difference over the long run be it 76.4%, 78.6% or 80%.

I used to use 5,3,3 exclusively then tried 14,3,3 with 5,3,3 but found that with MTF using both 5,3,3 and 14,3,3 was redundant.  The 14,3,3 provided a little less noise and ultimately I have been converted to using 14,3,3. To me...14,3,3 on a 5M chart is much more accurate than using 5,3,3 and 14,3,3 on a 15M chart.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Spud,

Thanks for your explanations.... another great lesson!

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Spud, I do appreciate your time and expertise with regards to the Stocahstics and I will most certainly look at the 14/3/3 with greater intensity from now on.

Alan Oliver from Australia is regarded as the "modern day expert" in Fibonacci. You can find his work @ www.tradingwithgods.com He also has a FREE weekly newsletter in which he discusses charts with Fib-levels. I learned the figures of 78,6 and 127% from him, but for the best of times, I also cannot see the difference between the "correct" 76,4 and his researched 78,6. I learned about Fibonacci from Joe DiNapoli himself and later from Dr. Constance Brown who had Joe D editing her chapter on Fibonacci in her Book, "Technical Analysis for the Trading Professional."

I was curious about your take on it seeing that you spend more time than I do in studying the behaviour of the Stochastics. I would also like to add my thanks to you for devoting so much time to us in explaining your "pet", as much as I have my "pets" as well and devote my trading life to.

Long may you be successful.

Best wishes, always.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
[quote=TEB63;1481601]I think all the fibs are not needed and just confuse the issue

but I did play with this Idea of 14.3.3

which is a setting I have used for years

but I don't believe I have ever used it

as a trigger on the 5 min chart though

if you use an 1/2 hour chart as well as the trend setter

& only go with it ... it wins quite well

nice Idea

**********************************************************************

TEB

**********************************************************

TEB,

I could be wrong about this but nevertheless I will point something out that I have observed about your contribution to this thread.....it seems to me that your posts in this thread walk a fine line between adding some new perspective that enhances what Spud is sharing with us and your own personal agenda with what Spud says. Now...Spud may not mind this but I and maybe others that are less experienced find it counterproductive to the understanding of Spud's method. Your last post is an example of what I am talking about....you decided to basically introduce a strategy that is not part of what we are learning here. You have a very succesful thread that I visit many time and appreciate...would it not be better if you introduce your ideas that are not part of this method in your own thread?

*************************************************************************

Post Script:

TEB,

I did not expected you to remove your post since at the time I was the only one expressing a concern about it. This thread is not my jurisdiction but I nevertheless respect and appreciate they way you handled it. I look forward to learning from your expertise here and in your
thread.

***************************************************************************

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Hi Spud,

Thanks so much for taking the time to offer a detailed explanation regarding my bad trade. That definitely explains exactly what I was looking at, and how I should approach similar situations in the future. It's all the nuance that makes a difference.

I'm glad I posted the problem, as I've learned a great deal from all the help I've received.

Thanks again...

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Moneda,

You are absolutely correct about this. In fact, early on, while going through this thread, I decided to completely ignore those kinds of comments, as I found them distracting at best, and had determined they did not add anything productive to my learning experience. I remain well-focused on Spud's core methodology and tutorial instruction.

Of course, as a 4X beginner I did not feel it was appropriate for me to criticize, but as an Internet "old timer" (online since '79) I must agree wholeheartedly with your comment.

Kudos to you for bringing it to the fore.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
I would like to address the recent posts with regards to TEB's (now removed by TEB) postings and the comments regarding what TEB produced here.

Obviously there are a few short comings of a thread like this in the way the thread owner such as myself can moderate the thread and edit or organize material in it to keep it easy for readers and future readers to follow.  As a thread gets larger it becomes an almost monumental task for new readers to follow.  As we all know we have done well in not cluttering this thread with Off Topic debates or discussions (like this).

I understand where Moneda's comments come from because I believe he (she) is wanting to keep this thread on topic and easy to follow and I share some of those frustrations in wanting to present the material here in a well organized manner.

On the other hand, I would much rather we all feel free to share ideas and trading methods about MTF Stochastics here.  I put this under the "journal" section as a method to not only present my ideas but to share in ideas regarding MTF Stochastics.  I hope and I believe TEB works the same way that our ideas foster new ideas or refine other ideas.

I believe TEB can sometimes come across a little negative on this board because we present our ideas from opposite ends of MTF Stochastic...which looks like we step on each other's toes sometimes but really we are beautiful dance partners even if we don't agree on everything.

My perspective for this thread is that we all feel free to share and present our ideas on MTF STochastics here.  Perhaps such ideas should be posted with a title that makes it clear it is an "UNSPUD" idea to help people decide whether to read or skip it.

With respect to organization, I will and am endeavoring to summarize this thread with a well organized PDF and I will continue to update that PDF as new information comes so that we don't have to go through this thread as a mass of information.  The first edition is a little time consuming but once done, future updates will be easier and more timely.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Spud,

I appreciate that you expressed your vision for this thread in a way that it unites us all ..... I too feel that a free flow of ideas keeps this thread from becoming dogmatic and stuffy. I hope that my comments about TEB are not misconstrued. As I said before I truly appreciate his knowledge and respect his willingness to share it with others. Enough said...let's keep the dancers on the floor!

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Count me as another who's grateful for your leadership Spud.

So take your time with the PDF.

You already share so much it'll be heaven having you summerize it all and worth the wait for you to do it as your time permits.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
I would be interested if someone can code an elasticity indicator... My idea is: an histogram indicator that plots the difference between stochastics movement and price movement... so for example i we see the 15M stochastics moving from 76,4 down... but price is not moving down some determined pips then it isn't reflecting a typical 15M stoch move... elasticity indicator would reflect a high value. it could also be a multi time frame indicator. I think the indicator is simple to code... but we need to set some parameters for the elasticity... depending on which pair is...

for example about 25 pips for a 15M stochs down from 76.4 to 50.0.

What do you think? just an idea... maybe is too complicated...

here is a chart of friday GBPJPY

--- 帖子 #956 ---
I been tinkering with several new stochastic indicators, one of them dealing with elasticity.  My goal is to have a method of trying to determine the strength of a stochastic move that is more relative to pip movement than as a percentage.

As we know, stochastics provide the location of price relative to a range within the stochastic period. However, we don't know what that range is at a quick glance or how that range is moving, shrinking, expanding in relation to the stochastic value.  For example, is a 98%-76.4% stochastic move weaker or stronger in a narrow price range compared to a wider price range?

If anyone is working on something similar I'd be interested in comparing notes.

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Here's a quick version trying a few of your ideas. It's more or less a development version, and will only take into account the stoch from the chart time frame, atm. Everybody can feel free to play around with the code, of course.

I've also updated the #MTF Stochastic indicator:Different colored or even invisible open candle Display remaining time till candle close Faster and better rendering After the confusion about open and closed candles, and Spud explaining the issue in detail, this may be a little late but I figured it might still be useful especially for beginners.

http://img77.imageshack.us/img77/5482/samplexz2.png

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Wow!

--- 帖子 #959 ---
I have been talking to Merlin, and it seems we may be able to move this thread as a sub-forum over to Trading Systems so that I will be able to organize and moderate the thread better.  I am not exactly sure when this will take place but just in case you think this thread has disappeared one day, just look for it under Trading Systems.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Wow Iya ! Thank you

That was fast. The elasticity indicator looks great... Could you explain a little more the parameters? Difference, Take abs, Take sqrt...

Also the new MTF stochs 2.0 is great. I love the idea of changing the color of the last candle. Good work!

--- 帖子 #961 ---
I have been asked to submit my analysis of the news in Forex Factory's news section.  For those interested in The USDCAD dollar there is some important info coming up from the Ivey PMI release that should give a good indication of direction of the Canadian Dollar.

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Thanks Spud,

That was helpful.

Hope you have a great 4th!

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Absolutely spectacular, excellent work !!!

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Yeah, this buddy rocks

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Anybody had any joy with this indicator?

Also Spud... congratulations, I've had a lot of help from Spud, and he's got his own thread!

Takes some doing!

--- 帖子 #966 ---
greetings everybody....its great MTF hav been a grand thread now...its a reflection of POWER!!!!...

i've been using quiet a while after i peeping this thread last time...

this is my setting...

i using m30 TF...

m30 TF setting is 6,3,3...

h1 TF setting 5,3,3...

h4 TF setting 8,3,3...

at h4 TF i also put SMI(5,3,3,3) and another stoch(14,3,3)...

maybe u can take a look with my setting revolutionise it...

what is the current setting that u all using rite now??..

p/s this is my first post here

regards,

seven

--- 帖子 #967 ---
does anybody can smooth mtf_smi indicator like MTF Stochastics??

--- 帖子 #968 ---
For Iya....

could this be a bug in MTF stochastics 2.0 ? Look at the M15 and H1 stochs... red and blue...

it's drawn in M5 timeframe... M5 stochs is in white.. and is ok.... but M15 and H1 stochs are a bit... .... see the chart

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Spud,

I am very happy to see your contribution to FF be recognized with your own thread...the section that is dedicated to the method is fantastic..it should help newcomers and those of us who need to refresh our memory.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Hi Spud

Congrads on being moved to the big board!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Yeah, looks like a bug. I couldn't reproduce it, though. Does it always happen, for example even after initializing by switching timeframes?

--- 帖子 #972 ---
it's very strange...

if I switch from M1 to M5 then the bug appears... then if I go to H1 and then back to M5.... the lines are displayed correctly... :S

I had some of the stochs not being displayed for H1 or higher timeframes...

I discovered that changing from H1 back to M5 solved the problem... but then I changed all the stochs to be displayed in all timeframes... and there is no bug anymore...  but I wanted to hide the M1 stochs in H1 for example....

--- 帖子 #973 ---
where do we find the MTF indicator. havent seen it anywhere

thank you for this useful info.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
i downloaded the mtf stochastics and still only 2 lines on my chart looks like regualr stochastics? did i do something wrong only 2 lines???

--- 帖子 #975 ---
you have to attach one indicator per timeframe.. overlap it in the same window and configure each one with different periods: 1, 5, 15, 30, 60, 240, 1440....

--- 帖子 #976 ---
I am sorry I`ve tried all I can think of and I can`t get the stoch indicator set up the way I see it shown here. Is there a detailed explanation somewhere in this thread on how exactly to do this?   Not lazy I really did look for it.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
hahahha...drag n drop dude..

drop it on same stoch...if it not happen also...

go ask those spud dude...

--- 帖子 #978 ---
I am giving you another MTF Stochastics from TSD forum modified by cja, but you have to remove any previous MTF Stochastics indicator from your platform to make it work, also try first in 15 min chart.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
I made a mistake posting previous attachment now fixed it  above post, my apology.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Thanks 'Se[V]eN .

I have drag and dropped ma`s into different indicators but this has me puzzled .Where do I find a stoch that gives 4hr 1hr 30min reading that I can drag into a 15 min indicator though. Is there no detailed explanation anywhere?, thanks for any help.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Randomlight,

Go to View -> Navigator in your menu bar. Once the Navigator is open, find the indicator you want and simply drag and drop it into your 15M indicator window, or wherever else you want it to appear.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Thanks K2Kv ,I know it is a drag and drop function and I have done it a lot of that before,I just don`t know what we are draging and dropping and where. Could you please help me with this.   thanks

--- 帖子 #983 ---
I created a new section which holds a template and the MTF STochastic V2.0.  This should ease your pain.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=37176

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Spudfyre was good enough to post his indicator and template with instructions .I have used metatrader for over a year and had no problems but still can`t seem to get the indicator.I`m starting to wonder if it is a setting thing.

Anyway a couple of guys mentioned a drag and drop function that would do it I`d sure like to try that if someone could help me.,I just don`t know what we are draging and dropping and where. Could someone who set up this way tell me what they did. thanks

--- 帖子 #985 ---
based on the pdf manual,the stoch level we put is 80 and 20.but recently i found that Spud are using 76.4 and 23.6 already,so which 1 to follow?

--- 帖子 #986 ---
You can use either.  I went with 76.4 and 23.6 because they are Fibonacci ratios rather than just an arbitrary number like 80 or 20.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
You know spud, I am not a great believe in Fibs esp on Stochs

but that is me & you do it well. & not to sound negative in anyway

20% & 80% have the advantage of ...

they are what everyone is seeing & that is when most people start to make moves

..some of the biggest moves come right at the 20% & 80% marks

in fact many pro trades only start trading at these point (that likeky surprise some people)

because we often have big moves right at these points

and the reason is simple ...it is the points that people start to bail...

even panic "Its overbought--oversold I have to get out.. NOW"

... but the market still has some juice in it, so off the market it goes!!

so you may miss some of those moves at the settings 76.4 & 23.6

that is my thoughts

TEB

--- 帖子 #988 ---
I knew we'd come to this some day.  First, unless someone can prove to me otherwise with statistical data (I've run my own), there is absolutely no difference with 76.4 and 23.6 versus 80/20 in terms of signals.  The selection of 80/20 or 76.4/23.6 is for our brains to visualize a signal point.

Having said that, the presentation here of selecting a fixed trading signal level like 80/20 or 76.4/23.6 is for simplification rather than trying to explain the nuances of anticipating a stochastic line that is a few points away from the 80 line on a closing candle.  Signal levels are reference lines.

The reality is that most of the trade signals upon close of a candle are much higher and much lower than 80/20 or 76.4/23.6 because the stochastic moves much further during the candle move.

In MTF trading it is the movement of the stochastics that should be our signal and how the stochastics line up not the reference lines.  But to write nuances in forum is, I believe an impossible task.

I would agree with you that many traders use 80/20 because those are the default numbers, however I would certainly bet that 99% of the trades are made with stochastics "off" the exact 80 or 20 level simply due to the way the stochastic ends up.

My thread theory is really teaching the nuances of stochastic moves ...I just don't want anyone to know that....oops!  In MTF stochastics, the 80/20 or 76.4/23.6 lines are reference lines.  The "safe" trading uses the reference lines....but the best trading comes before the reference lines are hit and the market is almost always moving before the reference lines get hit.

None of MTF Stochastics is really about 80/20...it could as easily be about 79/21 or 81/19.

For what percentage over the long run the impact of using 80/20 or 76.4/23.6 will have on our trading is nil.  Just as equally as missing some trades with using 76.4/23.6 vs 80/20 we will also gain the advantage of waiting for some trades using 76.4/23.6.  If we understand the nuances of stochastic moves the signal levels become even less important other than to understand that stochastics are over bought or over sold.

More traders will lose trades on bad stop loss setups and exits then they ever will on signal levels.

So, use 80/20 if you think it is better.  Use 76.4/23.6 if you think it makes more logic mathematically and use 79/21, 81/19 if you are a free spirit or a rebel.  None of it will matter in the long run.

The two charts below show that not a single major move was made at 80/20 or 76.4/23.6 on EURUSD 4H from May 11-July 6...however all the nuances of stochastic moves caught every major move.  I know hard to see in the pic below, check it out.

I'm not saying you are wrong in what you say TEB, I'm just saying in the scheme of things it really won't make any difference to us as small traders if we use 80/20 or 76.4/23.6.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Hi Spud

I had  a friend over - a computer guy & we looked at this

and our stats say it might make more of a differance then you think.

Of coarse you have to wait till the candle always closes

which in the test is a must.

not sure you always wait.. I don't.

but the 20 /80 seems to do a bit better always

the big moves you get over shaddow the turns with a good SL

& when we had the next higher chart going the right way

(normally the 4 hour) it was quite better.

Just a thought.

TEB

--- 帖子 #990 ---
thanks your thread,but i have a question. your MTF stochastics indicator in lower time frame  can not accurate display week time frame. why????

--- 帖子 #991 ---
You'll have to ask Iya who made the indicator.  I have noticed a bug on my wife's computer where she cannot get the 4H to display on USDCAD and only that pair for some reason.  Scratching my head on that one.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Hi Spud

I have all this stats from the weekend

I wanted to get it to you to look @ it- its a amazing

infact I am changing the set up of my Stochs

as a % of pip change in an up trend there is where the big moves happen

1. 15%-20%

2. 75%-80%

3. 80%-85

4. 20-25%

5. 50%-55%

I asked some computer programer traders why?

& it all makes sence - bacisal they buy when everyone sells

or just before everyone is getting in

anyways can not sent data by FF

send me your emal & I will try if you like to send it to you

big big file not sure I can break it down

anyways I thnk you would like to see it

TEB

--- 帖子 #993 ---
I don't like to point people a trade predictions namely because a) I could be wrong and b) I don't get paid enough to do it

However, if you are not paying attention to USDCAD today and this week you should be.  As a long term trade into Septmber/October there is a good short possibility here.

Canada is in a position of having to raise interest rates for the rest if the year and the US in the position of being unable to raise interest rates for the rest of the year.

The worst things get in the middle east play into the hands of the CAD as oil will skyrocket and send Canada's economy from boom to cosmic explosion for the better.

Canada has inflation, the US doesn't.

Canada doesn't have enough workers to fill the jobs as it is...the job increases in Canada are going to absorb the losses in manufacturing and more part-time jobs are being lost and more full-time jobs created.  The US job increase is more of more government jobs being created which burden the US economy even more.

There is hardly anyone (including MSNBC!) who doesn't think Canada and the US will be at par sooner rather than later.

Canada is expected to raise interest rates by 0.75% before end of 2007...US..0% increase is expected.

Unless oil prices fall below $60 or even lower and the US resolves the Iraq problem then there is little to stem the rise of the CAD over the USD.  For the US to raise interest rates would cripple the US economy.

Just my opinion, take it that I may be completely wrong.  But for the record I am in short long term on USDCAD.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Wish they wouldn't hide Spuds thread on the second page of the journel section now!

--- 帖子 #995 ---
So if I am reading everything right then we are looking at a possible short coming on the GBP/JPY? We still have a long time to go on the current 4 hour candle. I will wait for a couple more hours to make sure that it is going in the right direction. Any comments?

--- 帖子 #996 ---
If you are in short on USDCAD be aware that there is speculation that intervention may occur between 1.03 and 1.04 with tomorrow's announcement, should the pair dip that low.

Sentiment is that there will be an exponential drive to bring the USDCAD down to 1.00 if the currency should drop any significant amount (say below 1.03).  This is likely to cause intervention by either or both banks to prop the pair up and prevent such a move.  A sudden drop in USDCAD could significantly hurt Canada's manufacturing industry and Canada's economy.

Watch for any hawkish rhetoric coming from Canada's news tomorrow.  Such rhetoric would signal more rate increases in the future and likely put a lot of downward pressure on the USDCAD.

Also, watch for a spike up before the downward fall.  Stops should be higher than 1.06.

If Canada does not raise its rate (unlikely), then have a quick exit plan.

Have fun, should be a blast!

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Hi Spud,

Thanks so much for the posts you have contributed regarding MTF Stochs. Your experience and wisdom is immediately apparent.  Your very presence gives everyone who reads this thread more courage.

I have been very interested in looking at the Forex market from a Long therm time frame for awhile now.  In back testing the weekly stochastic swings on GBP/USD, and using the daily chart to time the entry, the number of pips gained would make anyone want to trade that way...  I have used the rally beginning in early April, 2006 - the present to back test.

On this attached chart, I show a 2 period RSI overlaid onto a 5,3,3 Stochastic.  Once the Stoch is OB or OS, sell or buy the next bar AFTER the RSI crosses the Stochastic Indicator.  The circles indicate those times since April, '06.  Total pips is 4,019 with the highest gain of 1,341 pips and the lowest gain of 70 pips.  In 66 weeks to the present, the gain is 60 pips per week.  There are no losses.

When approaching an OB or OS level on the Stochastic, if I switch to the daily chart, the  entries and exits are much better and the gain nearly doubles... again no losses.

My question then is In your opinion, could one contemplate trading this with a real account or is this a classic case of the back test always looking good and in a forward test, a minefield may lie ahead.

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Finally found the sub forum...nice!...no problem finding you now.

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Thank you for posting you information here, it looks very interesting.  I believe you have taken that "next step" by posting your info here and exposing it to the masses.  The great thing about collectively sharing info at FF is that many people will test your ideas many different ways and expose problems or find improvements.  The next real step is to trade it like a live account on a demo account and see if there are any strange things happening during a live trade with the indicators or results.  Obviously trading it live on a real account is better because it also test emotions and the trigger finger results.  If you are confident with your results, than I would trade it live with caution and look at the failures closely (if any).

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
jnevins,

That sounds interesting and I would be interested in running some backtests on it myself. I have a couple questions though if you don't mind.

1) Are you using the standard 80/20 for OB and OS?

2) When would you exit?

Thanks in advance! Looking forward to trying it out.

I'm loving stochastics more & more every day.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Hi Quick,

80/20, 76.3/23.6  Both seem fine... given a choice, I would go with the fib #'s though...

The exit is the reverse of the entry... as the Stochastic reaches the overbought territory, switch to the 1 day chart, or the 4 hr for that matter and follow the Stochastic as Spud has instructed earlier in this thread... The shorter the time frame, the more you may want to wait a bit beyond the initial cross.

Once you are in the trade, wait and follow the 1 week stochastic until it hits oversold territory then again switch back to the 1 day or 4 hr and find your entry there... a trade could last 2 - 5 or 6 weeks on the outside.

I'm using the benefit of the longer time frame to filter out my own emotions and  try to grow an account... on paper it looks good.. as Spud kindly suggested, now it's time to try some actual money... I may go with a micro lot to start with though!

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
The next real step is to trade it like a live account on a demo account and see if there are any strange things happening during a live trade with the indicators or results.

Thanks Spud!

I should look for a micro account perhaps to get over the fear of using real money...  And you are right... it may be getting time to step up to the plate.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
I recently returned from vacation and I was happy to see Spud's threads moved to Sticky (congratulations). I have received PM's asking about my settings I use to trade and thought I would post a picture and some info. The GJ had nearly 400 pips to take the last 4 trading days if you were watching the MTF Stochastics and Fibs. Please see my additional notes below the PM. Hope this helps.

Hi XXXXXX, when IYA came out with the #MTF Stochastic I watched it carefully against the separate Stochastics on different time frames. As long as you keep the different options on the lowest time frame chosen (in my case I utilize the M15 chart) the end points and the angle arriving there will be correct. So I now use a single M15 chart with the following:

Time Frame = 15, KPeriod 14, 3, 3

Time Frame = 30, KPeriod 14, 3, 3

Time Frame = 60, KPeriod 5, 3, 3

Time Frame = 60, KPeriod 14, 3, 3

Time Frame = 240, KPeriod 14, 3, 3

I basically trade off the H1 time frame but when nearing known fib levels for entry or exit I will drop down to M15 for trade ONLY if the majority of the Stochastics are tight or leading one another perfectly. I'm sure Spud would tell you the key to trading is consistency. This is a good system where the statistics are in your favor. I even uitilize increased leverage after a losing trade. I'll try to post this along with a picture on the forum.

EDIT: the 800 EMA on median for the M15 chart is the 200 EMA median on the H1, the other 2 MA's I am not really using. A friend asked me to watch them to see what I thought.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
i thought i knew my way around the mt4 platform but am having trouble being able to set up the indicator that spud supplied. i am unable to get the 4 stochs on the same 15 min chart. can anyone help me. thanks

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
make sure to drag and drop the custom indicator from the navigator ON TOP of the first Stochastic and repeat this process until complete. Spud also has a thread on different indicator points

http://forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=37176

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Hi All,

Well, here's my bad trade of the morning. While I think I understand Spud's methodology, I seem unable to to make good trades with any consistency. Most of my trades go south the moment I buy long. It would be nice once in awhile to get in and have the price move UP instead of DOWN!

I am beginning to think I'm having more of a problem with my stop-loss approach than with the MTF Stoch system. I mean, should I let all my trades ride 50 or more pips unless the stochs tell me to get out? When I tighten up to around 12-15 I seem to get hit every time. My previous scalping discipline got me out at -7 or -8, but I wouldn't stand a chance doing that here. Any help appreciated.

Chart below: I went long at 2.0346, BAM! Got out at -14 less than 10 minutes later. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Now that I'm out of my GPDUSD long trade with a loss, I'm watching it rise like a rocket (~1500 GMT). It's up 17 pips right now from my initial entry, and if I had set my stoploss much wider in the first place I'd still be safe, and into some nice profit. And, it would have been much more fun! The stochs are hitting the ceiling, and I'm tempted to get in again, but afraid I'll knock the price down as soon as I enter!

I think the MTF Stoch system is a great gift, and I can wrap my brain around it pretty easily, but I bet many of us would be grateful for much more detailed guidance regarding appropriate stops. I know this was discussed briefly early on, but only in a very general way (unless I missed something).

Just my novice opinion, of course, but I think the distance of our stops (in a particular trading system) should be based on very clear and firm parameters and should be an important component of the overall methodology, in the same way that our brilliant entry-trigger components have been well-defined and clearly laid out. Once a clear stoploss strategy is established, we would have a truly complete and successful trading system, especially true for the many novice traders following this thread (and that includes me).

Our stoploss strategy should have little (or nothing) to do with the amount of funds we have in our account. It matters little whether we have $100 or $100,000, since our currencies couldn't care less, and they will move a certain distance no matter what. No one likes geting stopped out unnecessarily, whether trading for $1 or $1000 per pip.

Any thoughts or ideas on this?

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Jeff,

For me....the stop loss on that trade would have been around the 300 mark. That is just looking at the chart to see where is a safe spot.

Cable is a mover, so give it room to move....then let the stochs be your guide!

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
i appreciate the help on the drag and drop but how do you change the periods on the stochs. love the intelligent thought that goes into this system, thanks Spud and thanks PiPr Pro

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Hi k2kv,

I haven't mastered the art of setting good stops, by any means! but 10-15 pips is way too close for GU. I use 40-50 for GU, and try to put the stop below a logical level if possible - I would have placed the stop below the psychological level of 2.0300, since this would only be 50 pips away from your entry. That's a reasonable "room to move" gap in this case!

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Hi k2kv,

I am sure I remember spud saying, he places stops only as an emergency measure, usually 50-80 pips away, and moves them as market moves etc. His exit is based on what the stochs say and their direction, eg if u r in because of 4h stochs crossing down from 80, and price goes against him, i think he stays in till stoch cross back up past 80.

My take with this system is, that it is more impt to get the right direction, rather than the right price. There will be drawdowns, but if ur direction is right, it will go where the stochs r pointing. If stoch direction changes, u can come out with a small enough loss. I think it is extremely hard to get an entry precise enough to keep dd down to below 15 pips. Esp on a 30M or 1H chart.

Am sure he will correct me if this is incorrect.

Cheers,

K.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Jarrett,

That is a LOT of pips! Can I assume you never get stopped out? That you simply don't believe in it? Can you explain how you arrived at that number from my chart?

What I'm sensing here (and please correct me if I'm wrong) is that almost any trading strategy can be made to work in a positive way if we set our stops way, way out of the arena. 300 pips is, after all, roughly twice the average daily movement from high to low (or FOUR TIMES the average daily movement in any one direction!). Then, unless a big bomb goes off somewhere, you figure you will always be safe from getting hit, and the odds are overwhelmingly on your side that the price will indeed reverse at some point eventually moving the trade in your favor. All you need is enough steel in your veins and gold in your boots to carry you through until it happens.

I suppose that is a valid approach, though it's definitely not a method I could personally embrace. I am in no position to challenge you, of course, since I realize I know very little and have much to learn. Rather, I appreciate your reply, as everyone's unique  approach adds a bit more intelligence to my perspective (and boy -- I can sure use more of that!).

--

Starfire,

Your logical approach makes sense to me. At least it has some basis for variance based on the particular situation at the time of entry. That's more of what I'm looking for, I suppose, though 40-50 pips still seems like so much to me.

The first method I studied was a scalping system and the discipline was to place your stops at 7p plus the spread. You would look to make perhaps 10-15p on a good trade, and only lose a smaller amount if it went bad. Seemed good money management.

Here, it seems we are looking to earn just slightly more, but risking many times more in order to do so. So, I'm more than a little confused.

Thanks so much for your replies while I try to get a handle on it.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Thanks Kermut,

Yes, I read what Spud said, and I believe he really knows what he's doing, too. He said he starts out at 50 and adjusts according to conditions.

Your reiteration, however, just rang a bell and has now made it a little clearer for me. So, basically, as I understand it, he doesn't want to get stopped out (who does?), wants to allow some breathing room, and not get hunted down with too close stops. His stops are strictly to protect against catastrophe. I understand this. But, because he is the grandmaster of stoch analysis, he actually knows exactly when to exit. And that seems to be the key ingredient!

And, having said that, I now realize one of my problems: I am far from an expert and have a hard enough time getting my entries right. So, how can I expect to know where my exits are until I practice and become more familiar with the system over the next few months? I can't! Therefore, in the meantime, I could use a more "refined" stoploss system which would serve the purpose of extricating me from a bad trade with the smallest loss possible.

The idea of placing stops 50 or 100 pips away from my entry, with the (exclusive) intended purpose of letting my bad trade roll away from me until it hits that stop and pulls $500 or $1000 from my account is pretty absurd, don't you think?

And, while I now understand that the concept of placing really wide stops has little to do with minimizing fallout from a bad trade, my most elementary understanding of when to exit would appear to leave me quite vulnerable to deep losses.

In searching and reading around the forums a little earlier I stumbled upon another method in which its author talks about a formula for placing stops based on 68% of the previous 4h candle spread. I believe you are familiar with this (as are several others here).

I wonder what you think about that kind of approach.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Jeff, you can not trade with such small stops....maybe if you are still scalping it is cool, but not with a system like this.

You will find a lot of traders have large stops and they do not get hit, you can do this if you know your system and the actions of the pair or pairs you wish to trade.

Know this system and follow the stochs and you will not often be stopped out.

Why would I put my stops at 300 ?

See the chart....you have two lines, these are where we have S and R, the higher of the two at around 316 is to close to our entry for my liking....our second line at 303 has multi touches which shows us this is an area of Support from here I would allow a few more pips south of support.

Jarret

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Hi Jarret,

You know when I first read your oringinal reply to Jeff - i thought you were talking about a 300Pip SL.   Putting the SL at just below the 300 line makes so much more sense.

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Lol....sorry about that fellas

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Hi Spud,

Thanks for a great thread.

Does this mean you are trading USDCAD on fundementals rather than Stochs?

How long is long term for you?

I was surprised by yesterday's strength of USDCAD and nearly bailed out of my short. I can't see any reason for it - since the USD did not seem strong against any other currency - implying weakness in CAD, but why since the rate rose as expected?

Thanks,

Ian

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Jeff: This might be getting a bit off-topic, but I know that exits are crucial to being profitable as a trader, and I'm still wrestling with the stop/TP issues myself, trying to find a good balance. Here's some excellent advice that I wish I had gotten and taken earlier, before wiping out my account 3 times!: start off with a micro account - Oanda is good, as you can set any size lots - until you start to get consistently profitable. Risking $5 is nowhere near as freaky as risking $50 or $500! Of course, you won't make a massive amount either, but as long as you can get the consistency, you can work up to that.

I think that yes, Spud is only using set stops as a catastrophe measure, and that is all well and good if you (a) are confident about your analysis, and (b) are watching the market more or less continuously (if you are trading off a 4 hour chart, maybe you can get by with only checking at the close of the candle, but that is still an awful lot of risk, as far as I am concerned! It is also ok if you are using a scalping strategy, like the one you learned first - I think this is why people go for scalping methods, as you can go to sleep (or to work) with a calm mind, being out of the market. I have found that a 40-50 pip risk works for me - but then I want to either take the same in profit, or else make sure that my accuracy rate is high enough to cover the times when the stop gets hit. Myself, I am still playing with this, but I am getting better. Using a micro account helps, and also it helps to take smaller profits while you are building up confidence (I know lots of people talk about letting your profits run, and that is all well & good, but Spud has a great philopsophy on this too!) You should find that setting smaller TP will increase your hit rate...

Well, I hope that is all IMHO but hope it helps....

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Jarrett,

I also thought you were talking about a 300 pip stoploss! Thanks for clarifying, and for offering your chart to help explain your thinking.

That's just the kind of advice I was looking for.

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Starfire,

Thanks for your thoughtful post. Oanda is my broker, too, and I just went back to trading pips for $1 instead of $10, and will "try" to stay there until I figure out what will work best for me (I thought I had this figured out, but was dead wrong!). I had a really bad week (down around $1200), so my best stoploss for the moment will be to stop what I'm doing and rethink my strategy. I'll up the ante again once I start to make gains with consistency.

Perhaps you -- or others -- can clarify something for me: No matter what TF I trade with, I always watch the screen like a hawk since FX is a volatile place, and price moves in its own time, regardless of TF.  From what I'm reading, though, my sense is that most traders will not interfere with their trades until their candle closes, and many walk away from their screens until that time approaches. Is that accurate?

So, in other words, if I'm trading from a 1h chart, I will still sit and watch the price move all over the place while that candle develops. If I see price moving in my direction (rare) I'll let it run, but if I see it start to dive bomb on me (more common), I will generally get out. I will never leave the screen for more than a few minutes if I have a working trade. I've never been in a "real" forex trading room, so I have no idea if this is the right thing to do, or if I am my own worst enemy.

Any insight into this would be greatly appreciated.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
I'm trading USDCAD purely on the reasoning I expect CAD to go par or better against the USD before year end.  Didn't look at charts as I'm in this for the long haul.  Every time the USD goes up to 1.06 or higher you can bet I'm adding shorts to new highs.

You are right, fundamentally the USD has no business rising against the CAD and the current short term climb after the rate announcement was somewhat expected because so much pressure downwards in anticipation was created beforehand.  Everything the US has to cope with over the next 12 months from Iraq, Iran, the US election, interest rates, etc. is all a benefit to Canada.  Anything that spells tragedy in oil is a boom for Canada.  Housing in Canada is likley to set record prices in 2007 and this will keep pressure up on inflation with low unemployment, high gas prices, and high housing prices...so CAD has no choice but to probably raise rates to 5%.  The US can't raise rates for obvious reasons.  Just flip through the indicator check list on USD vs CAD and you see nothing but -'ves on US side and +'ves on CAD side.

So, take the up moves in USDCAD as opportunity to make more money and leave lots of room for volatility.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
It is summer and time to take a mental break.  I'll be on vacation for 4 weeks but during that time I hope to wrap up the PDF and add some more info into this forum.

I'll still be answering PM's and e-mail and watching the forums but may be a little slower in response

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Have a great vacation, you certanly deserved it

Pipcruiser

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Hi Spud,

Fantastic posts on the USDCAD.

Regardless of the outcome it brings a tear to my eye to see subjective opinions backed up by solid objective data.

Have a good holiday

Paul

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Enjoy!

Oh, that PDF is gonna be good!

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Ah, vacation.

The Stochatic wave that follows Spud's brain has crossed the lower Fib line, but I fully expect it to back up to the high Fib line probably in a month or so.  Watch for a spike.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
where can i get this indicator it show candlestick at High Time Frame

it's a MTF candlestick indicator?

can someone post this indicator.....

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
try this one.  someone else may have a different version though.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Hey everyone,

I just want to start off saying "THANK YOU" to Spudfyre for this fabulous thread and his amazing generosity in sharing his knowledge with the rest of us.  Through his incredibly hard work and amazing selflessness, the rest of us struggling with trading can reap the benefits.

I'm sure I am like a lot of you who have struggled to find a system that is simple, elegant, and allows you to make profits consistently.  Much to my chagrin, I have spent THOUSANDS on books, DVDs, software programs, data feeds, etc. over the last two years.  What I have gained from all of that is thousands of dollars lost in my account, and nearly blowing out my original $5000 starting balance.  I understand it is the lot of many traders to lose their accounts more than once before it finally "clicks" for them, but that is very little consolation when you see your dwindling balance.

What an amazing find this thread is, though.  I just found it on Wednesday of last week, and I was more than a little daunted by the fact that there were over 1020 posts!  I was determined to make it through all the posts and I am now officially caught up with all of them (It only took me four days!)

I wanted to share with everyone my first three trades with Spudfyre's system because they were so effortless.  On all three of them I just waited for the 15/30/60 stochs to be lined up and crossing the same direction at the same time.  I set my TP at 20 pips, and never sweated once.  On the first and second trades, the 15 min stoch started retracing and that would have freaked me out previously.  I wasn't worried at all, however, because the 60 min stoch had good angle and separation between the %K and %D lines.  The third trade was over so fast that the market didn't even have a chance to retrace!

The really neat thing is that all three trades happened within a 12 hour period.  Actually, there was a fourth trade on the EUR/JPY that also hit 20 pips, but I didn't include the charts.  The bottom line is that I have never made 80 pips so quickly and easily as I did this last Thursday night into Friday morning.

Thanks again, Spud.  I really feel like this MTF trading is going to be the answer to my personal mystery of forex trading success.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Great job Tommy C.

Thanks for the recap.  I'm still trying to get "there" and your success is motivating.

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Thanks, Poocher.

Believe me, I understand the internal struggle and the lack of confidence and the gut twisting fear that comes along with learning how to trade.  It can be really painful, at times.  The real secret is learning patience and discipline to WAIT FOR THE SETUP.  That has been the hardest part for me.  Spud has even made mention of it on this thread that it is soooo dangerous to jump the gun out of fear of missing the trade.  There will ALWAYS be another trade.  Wait for the close of the candle.  Wait for it, but when it comes along pull the trigger without hesitation.  That's the rub: exercise infinite patience but, when the circumstances are right, don't hesitate and pull the trigger immediately.

Have faith in yourself.  Learn from your mistakes, but FORGIVE yourself for them.  It's all a learning process, but you will eat yourself up with guilt and self-sabotage by dwelling on losses.

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Hi Tommy,

You're doing a great job here, and we all love to see success. It's truly inspiring. Thanks for sharing!

I don't completely understand the issue of candle closes, so I wonder if you might be kind enough to explain a bit. This may seem like a foolish question, but if you're waiting for the close of candles and watching four different time frames, each candle closes at a different time. Do you wait for the candle to close on only the smallest time frame you're watching? And, do you always wait for your candles to close before exiting as well as when entering?

Sorry if the answers seem obvious. I'm new at this, just trying to get a good grasp of all the mechanics.

Thanks very much!

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Tommy,

Can you please explain how the "angle and separation" (in your first chart) guided you to stay in the trade despite the retracement? What are you looking for here?

I don't recall seeing this discussed previously. I would have been out when the 15 crossed back up over the 23.6, perhaps sooner.

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Jeff,

By angle and separation all I am talking about is when I looked at the H1 stochastics, the %K line had a nice steep angle down and it was well separated from the %D line. The lines were running parallel to each other and not even coming close to converging. What that told me was that even though the M15 had crossed back up, the move was not significant at all because that retracement on the M15 had no effect whatsoever on the H1 stochastic. On the H1 chart, the downtrend was still strong and intact, so I could ride out the retracement with little worry. In addition to looking at the strength of the H1 stochastic, I also applied a fibonacci retracement to the M15 chart and realized that the retracement came right to the 61.8% level. The GBP/JPY pair moves a lot (as we all know) and when it retraces it often retraces back to 61.8% before continuing it's trend. That was another piece of information that, again, gave me the confidence to ride out the retracement and trust that the downtrend would continue.

So, by angle I mean the steepness of the %K line, and by separation I mean the relationship between the %K and %D line. I like to use both lines on the stochastics indicator, that's why I don't have all the different stoch timeframes in one window. Eight different lines is too confusing. I just keep a separate chart open for each TF so that I can see the candle formation in that TF, as well as the stoch for that TF.

And you're right when you point out that you don't remember that being discussed on this board before.  Examing the angle and separation of the %K and %D lines is just my own personal method of judging the strength and solidity of the stochastics trend.

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Nice explanation Tommy C.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Tommy,

Thanks for your very thorough explanation. Really helps.

I, too, prefer to watch each time frame in its own space, but I am using just the K lines of both the 14,3,3 & 5,3,3 stochs in each space, rather than the K & D lines of one stoch. I'm lucky to have lots of screen space, so I also run the 4-in-1 charts for a quick overview.

I may be a little confused about which stochs to use, though, since (to the best of my recollection) both the 14,3,3 & 5,3,3 were mentioned in the MTF Fib Breakout system, the 5,3,3 alone with both K & D lines was illustrated in the Escalator rules, and the original 5,3,3 mentioned much earlier in this thread seems to have been supplanted by the 14,3,3.

Am I over-thinking this? Or simply losing my marbles...

Thanks again, very much appreciated!!

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Sorry, Jeff. I didn't see this first question.

Okay, here's what I personally mean by waiting for the close of the candle. I know that Spud would say, if you are trying to coordinate the 15/30/60 stochs to wait for the close of the 60 minute bar. If, on the close of the 60m bar the 60m stoch closes below 76.4, then the 15m stoch and 30m stoch should be well below 76.4 and the entry signal is confirmed.

I, on the other hand, tend to take entry a little sooner. I have spent a lot of time (and money) to learn a lot about candlestick formations. Consequently, many times candlestick formations will give you an early warning of a turn in the stochastics, so entry (while riskier) is less risky than it otherwise might be. For example: in the first trade I posted, I was looking at the 15 minute bars. Two bars BEFORE my entry bar there was a shooting star formation. That is a classic candlestick reversal pattern. When I saw that, and then saw the m15 stoch close below 50 with the 30m stoch crossed and heading down and the H1 stoch converging, I went ahead and pulled the trigger. It wasn't the safest entry possible, but the candlestick patterns on the m15 chart gave a really strong early warning for me. The close below 50 on the M15 stoch, combined with the cross on the H30 stoch and the convergence on the H1 stoch was all I personally needed for entry.

I hope that helps. If you want to learn from the best source of candlestick patterns, get "Japanese Candlestick Charting Techniques" by Steve Nison. It is the bible of candlestick charts.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Continuing my pointing out how candlestick patterns can give an early warning of reversals in the stochastics, look at the chart for my second trade.  On the M15 chart, the two bars that preceded my entry bar were a textbook bullish harami formation.  That formation followed by the fact that on the close of the next bar the m15 stoch closed above 23.6 and the M30 had crossed its signal line and the H1 was converging was, again, all I personally needed to confirm the entry.

I still waited for a stochastics close above 23.6, but I didn't feel I needed all three timeframes to close above it.  All I felt I needed was a close above on M15 and to have the M30 and H1 to be moving that direction.  The combination of the strong candlestick reversal pattern with the close above 23.6 on the M15 and the rising patterns on M30 and H1 were sufficient for me.

It is riskier, though.  Read Nison's book and truly get comfortable with the patterns before trading off of them.  If you don't feel 100% with them, then follow Spud's advice and wait for a close of the H1 stoch to confirm the move.  That is definitely the most conservative and safest approach.

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Tommy,

Thanks so much for taking the time to explain your approach.

I also began studying candlestick patterns (via Stephen Bigalow's books), but temporarily abandoned them (and completely forgot about them) while learning MTF Stochs. I felt it would be to my advantage to learn this trading method in a completely "pure" environment, i.e., without additional outside influences and/or indicators of any kind.  You obviously are using all your resources to great advantage; It is apparent that I should learn to do the same!

I'm well-aware of Nison, and perhaps I'll revisit on my next trip to Borders, hopefully this afternoon.

Thanks again for all your help and advice. You've been extremely generous...

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
I really would reccomend picking up Nison's book. I have perused Bigalow's books and his website, and I'm sure there is valuable information in them, but Nison was the originator. He is the one who brought candlestick patterns to the western world. He is the one that did the early research and had all of the Japanese books translated, and then spent years interpreting them. He is as close to the source as you can possibly get, and most other candlestick books quote him. So why not go to the source?

He also has just released a fabulous profiting in forex DVD series that focuses exclusively on candlestick patterns in the forex and how they are a little different than the stock markets. It's very pricy, though. I was able to pick it up for about 1/2 off in a pre-release special. It is really good information, but you can learn 95% of what is in the DVD series just by getting his first book and using a little deductive reasoning. If you get his book, read it, and have questions on how to apply it to the forex, just send me a PM and I'll explain/illuminate what I can.

Sorry, Spud.  I didn't mean to get this far off topic in your forum.  My only point was that candlesticks can aid in the MTF Stochastics approach.  A reversal candle pattern confirmed by a stochastics close above 23.6 or below 76.4 is just another way to be more confident in the entry.

So now let's get back to MTF Stochastics.....

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
I decided to go ahead and post the charts of my fourth MTF stochastics trade.

This is the EUR/JPY.  You can see that, on the M15 & M30 charts there were shooting stars followed up by a confirming close of the M15 stoch below 50. (I think I actually put in 23.6 on the chart.  Sorry for the typo).  At that point the M30 had already closed below 50 and the H1 stoch was coming down below 76.4.  Again, 20 pips as a TP.

I LOVE this method.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Hi Tommy,

I just returned from Borders, and went through the Nison book. Looks great, and somewhat more approachable than Bigalow's works. Unfortunately, although they had the book in stock, it was a bit tattered, so I'll have to hit another store tomorrow for a better copy.

Thanks for posting the additional charts -- a picture is always worth a thousand words!

But -- why are you using bars instead of candles in your charts, if you're interpreting candlestick patterns?

Jeff

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Hi TommyC,

Thanks  for the posts.

I would like to post my thoughts - perhaps you might comment on them (since it seems that you are more successful in finding trades than  am). I have been looking at using MTF Stochs , but have been unable to find many times (going back in my MT4 charts where the 15m,30m,60m all line up and the 240 (trend) confirms direction.

Perhaps I am looking for too much confirmation for a potential trade. Certainly, I would have not taken your 1st trade - since I would have thought that the move was too far advanced when the stochs are crossing the 50% line. I would have wanted them to be crossing the 76.4 from above.

Also for your trade 1, I would not have been encouraged by your 'shooting star' candle. I believe that they are all too common on timeframes below 240 minutes. The one on your chart is is of good proportion, but is rather small - not many pips in total length.

if you are interested in Price Action patterns, may I reccommend the James16 chart thread - though there they are looking at longer timeframes than here.

Thanks again,

Ian

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Ian,

Well, I have something to admit about all four of the trades that I posted my charts for:  I didn't consult the 4hr at all.  Actually, that's not true.  For both the GBP/JPY and the EUR/JPY, the 4hr stochastic was firmly overbought and moving nearly horizontally.  Consequently, there was no real trend from the 4hr to go with.  Now, had the 4hr stochastics been moving below 76.4, then I would have wanted to trade in that direction.  But, to me, whenever the stochastics are flattened out at either extremely overbought or extremely oversold, we then have a ranging market.  At that point, all I was looking for was the 15/30/60 to be lined up together and that happens a LOT more often.

On that first trade, the chart doesn't show it, but at the start of the Asian session, price had been moving down steadily.  It then began a retracement up and it was at the height of that retracement, when the 15/30/60 started to turn back over that I got into the first trade.  So, given the fact that the trend was already down for the asian session, I didn't worry about getting into a short when the 15 had just risen back above the 50% mark.  As far as the shooting star goes, you're absolutely right.  The candle wasn't very big, but you have to consider the candle in context:

1) the trend had already been established as going down

2) price was in a retracement off the initial down move, and that shooting star came right in at the 61.8% retracement level.  This is a HUGE confluence even though the candle wasn't very long.

3) the candle right after the shooting star closed below the close of the shooting star.

4) the second candle after the shooting star was a STRONG down candle (one that opened near the high and closed near the low) that also coincided with a stochastics close below 50% continuing the downward move.

Taking all of those factors together, I thought the trade was relatively safe.

I hope that helps explain my reasoning.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Jeff,

That's an excellent question.  It's really just one of aesthetics.  Having the charts zoomed in all the way makes the candles look ridiculous, in my opinion.  So the bars just look better to me when zoomed in that hard.  It is tougher to interpret the candle signals, though.  I do, when trading, flip back and forth between bars and candles to make sure I am seeing the candle patterns correctly.

Tom

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Tommy,

Ah so. Thanks for explaining.

I won't tell Master Nison...

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
It looks like the GBP/JPY is setting up for a possible short position:

1) H4 Stochastic is finally below 76.4.

2) H1 price has retraced to the 61.8% level from downmove started Friday.

3) H1 stochastic looks like it is flattening out at the 50 level.

4) M15 & M30 stochastic already over 76.4.

I am looking for, in the next few hours, a cross down of the M15 & M30 stochs below 76.4, coinciding with the H4 stoch and a cross of the H1 stoch below the 50 level.

Does anyone else see this the way I see it?

Hopefully we'll be in for a big downward move.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Well that didn't take very long!  I have posted an image showing how I made my decision to go short.  As you see on the chart, the M15 closed below 76.4 @ 2:30 GMT.  The M30 closed below 76.4 @ 3:00 GMT.  The H1 stoch is *almost* crossed @ 3:00 GMT.  That's good enough for me.  I know that Spud would say to wait one more hour to get the H1 to close below 50, but it looks good enough to me right now.

As an aside, I labeled the candlestick patterns that gave an early warning to the downturn in the stochastics.  On the M15 there is a great evening star pattern that showed up 3 bars before the stoch crossed.  On the M30 there was a dark cloud cover pattern 2 bars before the stoch signal.  And on the H1 there was a shooting star 1 bar before entry.

As I write this I have already covered the spread and am up 6 pips.  I am shooting for 50 out of this one.  We'll just see how it turns out.

I just can't thank Spud enough for showing us the way!

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Tommy,

Looks like a great trade.

Where are you located? I'm east coast, NY, will check back in the morning to see how you made out.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
I had forgotten that Japan had a holiday, so the GBPJPY didn't move as much as I thought it would.  After a retracement to the 61.8% level, I revised my TP and got out with 20 pips.

I have started my own trade journal, so that I will not be cluttering up Spudfyre's thread with my own trades.  If anyone is interested in following it, here it is:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...78#post1495878

By the way, does anyone know why, when I try to upload a gif image (which I have done before), the forum would automatically change the file type to jpg?  I just don't want people to have to click on the link to see the image...Oh well.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
came across a indicator called mtf stochastics I believe it uses Step Mas

quick ?.   does this repaint the past or is it a live indicator?> Like at the red arrow did the white line cut down at that point in time or a few bars after the fact.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Hi Jimmy,

I've not seen or used that indicator myself but if you want to view it's activity live I suggest you just stick it on a 1 minute chart and watch it for a while.

You will soon be able to judge the value of its signals and whether it repaints or not.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
If you are using the latest version by IYA, then it is pretty good. But obviously for the longer timeframes whose current bars have not yet closed, the the value of the indicator is going to change - since it is bades upon the Close of the bar.

Thus if as used by SPUDFYRE, you place it (repeatedly into the same window on a 15 Min chart  and edit it  so it displays the 30min Stochastic, the 60min Stcohastic and the 240min stochastic) then for the 30,60 and 240 stochs it may/will repaint if their current bars did not close with the 15min bar. This is usually only a problem for the 60 and 240min timeframes. But the huge advantage when trading based on MTF stochastics is that you can see all 4 of them on the same screen.

You just have to bear in mind that some of the bars have not yet completed and in the worst case won't do so for another 225min.

Ian

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
I get the idea, but I have a fundamental question.

When you are looking at Stoch crossings, do you look at the Stoch values of the last completed candle on all time frames?

Thanks.

Skip it.  I got it.

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
I see your indicator uses just 533 on 4 timeframes.  However, doesn't Spud say to use 533 and 1433?

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
hello

good day all

please how can i get many time frames of stoch  in one window  of indicators  as |( 15m.30.1hr.4hr)  with same value......

thank you ...

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Manforlove,

Hello.  Just click on the MTF Stochastic title that you are on now, look to the fifth subtitle down:  "How to set up the MTF Stochastic Indicator".

Spud was kind enough to explain for those of us who couldn't figure it out.  The indicator is listed in the thread.  Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
TEB, what are you settings for this?  I've been using 1H and 4H w/ both 533 and 1433 on both of them.

Where/How do you figure your %'s?

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
et al,

I've made an EA based on the Method I information I found in this forum and the 'SpudFrey stochs.mq4' also found here.  The rules for Method I, I found in 'Manual1.doc'.  I don't remember who posted it, but thanks.  I don't remember who posted 'SpudFrey stochs.mq4' either, but thanks again also.

I added the 14,3,3 stoch's to this.

I've taken out all of the money management stuff, so testing should be straight forward.

It didn't do well.  It had losses.  So, I was hoping for some kind people in here to test it, take an 'in depth look' at the results and help me fine tune it.  Then once it's fined tuned and working well, It would be here for all to share.

After all, like Spud himself says "If someone has a Forex system that works, than why do they have to sell it to you? My systems are free because they are what I use to make my living...and you can use them too...but don't sell them!"

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Okay I am still a noob at coding but I can see a mistake.

Your code for  Inserted Code double main_152 =
is incorrect  .. period should be m15 not m1.

I will see if I can play around with it too

I will look at

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
good catch!  I changed it.

What I'm looking for is fine tuning of the entry and exits.

et al,

I've attached the corrected EA.  I'd like to see where some fine tuning could be done.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
I like watching  mtf  stochastics much better than ma`s now and am thoroughly convinced that they are much better for price action forcasting.

However this is getting a little complicated .Presently there seems to be 3 systems going on with stoch mtf.

Initially there was the 15 min elastic, then the the escalator and now the rope (thread) system.

which one are most people working with now?

Any imput on which one people prefer and why would be apprciated.   thanks

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Hello to everyone,

This is my first posting on the FF.  Happy Holiday to you Spud.  Enjoy yourself to the fullest...you deserve it.  I've been following your threads from page 1 and I really enjoy it very much.

Before I found your thread, I was just like a person lost in the desert with only half full container of water left for me to survive.  I was point blank, lost in direction don't where should I go.  I was thinking well if I finished the last drop of water, I'm going to die and that's the end.

But God was kind to me, He lead me to find a genie in the bottle.  I brushed the genie and asked for guidance......yes, it really lead me to it.  My water container is now starting to fill up.  Your genie has led me to the river, now I've to find something like a pail to fill up my drum which is very much bigger than my water container.

Spud, thanks so much for sharing your experiences with us.  Your devotion and dedication to this thread is fabulous.  Keep up the good works and our Mighty Lord will repay you in abundance.  May the Lord be with you.

Doremi

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
I did a search for the MTF stoch indicator that is IYA's and can't find it, could someone direct me to it?

Thanks,

Traden

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Try POST# 957. If that is not it, it will get you in the right area.

T4K

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Thanks, I missed it by a page. Do you know how far back this indicator repaints? Is it only on the open candle part for the TF that it is converting?

Thanks,

traden

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Hi all

Is there perhaps a stocj indicator that whilst I'm on my 15min chart and the say hourly stoch crosses, will alert me of the cross and draw a vertical line on my 15min chart?

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Try the Teb thread and Fewhill's indicator.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Has anyone who has been trading this system manually with success been testing this EA?

thanks to all those who have.  I have poured over the few results I got.  I am concerned the EA is not performing anywhere near as well as the those that have doing this manually.

What I would like to know, from the expirenced folks, is on the ones that lost, what was the percentage and why shouldn't it have taken the trade?  Post chart pics too.

I CAN get this to work to 85%+ successful trades, but I'll need some analysis help from the 'pros'.

Thanks.  And I look forward to getting this gonig to make everyones life here easier.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Thanx, it was exactly what I was looking for

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Hi Nondisclosure,

What does this indicator do, is it based on the 14,3,3 or/and 5,3,3?

what does it alert on, 4hour, 1hour, 30min and 15?

Thanks,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Guess,

If you are referring to my indicator, please go to the next link:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1460

As you may have read there are plenty of possibilities using this indicator.

You can choose your own stochastic parameters (14,3,3, or 5,3,3, or whatever you like..).

You only have to use one chart. Always choose the one with the smallest TF you want to use in your trading with stochastics.

Then you can determine which TF stochastics you want to use, etc.

If you switch to a higher TF, the stochastics of the lower TF's will disappear, but come back as soon as you switch back to the lower ones.

You can determine how many TF's must be in sync to switch on the Alert. It's up to you.

I would suggest that you first play with this indicator.

Regards,

fewhills

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
fewhills,

Thanks a million, when U get home tonight I will have a little play with this!

Thanks,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Guess,

I assume you were talking about Fewhills indie.  Give it a shot, it's pretty good.

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Hi Nondisclosure,

Yes - I have just downloaded and giving it a shot, a little mind boggling, going through the settings and with million lines, but yes this is what I really was looking for.

Now  Nondisclosure, can I ask you one question, would you be able to code something up on this? i.e  based on the first cross, could we take the trade on the 2nd cross on the lower time frame in the direction of the first cross, what do you reckon?

Thanks,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
We could.  Have you done this manually a few times?  How did it work out?

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
WhooHoo!

I started reading this thread about a week ago basically every chance I could get. It's now midnight and I've finally finished... until the next post. I can't wait until that PDF of Spud's is finished. I think it will make all our lives easier. Three cheers for Spud. Hip Hip Hooray x3! . Alright party's over I'm going to bed.

Good luck to all of you and may the pips roll in.

regards,

Tres.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Fewhills,

My e-mail alerts has worked in the past but I cant seem to make it work with yours.. What could I be doing incorrectly?

Thanks

Post Script: I think I know the reason...read it in code description....need a live account in order to activate the e-mail alert...Is that right Fewhills?

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
It should work Moneda. Make sure this option is changed to true in the indicator.

You can also do a test through Tools->Options->Email. Make sure it is enabled.

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
I did do a back test, yup manually and the results were great of top me head, i.e I reckon we could take 5-10 pips every time this occurs.

That's why I am keen on getting this coded and try it out.

What do you reckon Nondisclosure?

Have a look for yourself and see.

I think if we keep this code simple and strategy simple, then I think over all we could be winners, also set SL and TP 10.

Can you do this code in the form of an EA/Indicator?

So once they have both crossed, we get emailed/alerted and have the choice of emailing/alerting on the 4hour cross and 30 min cross, like fewhills indie

Regards,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
FewHills,

Sorry to bother you with this... I would really like to utilize this indicators so that I can pry myself away from the screen! My test alert works fine. Basically what I am want from your indicator is to be alerted when both the 15 and 30 stoch/tf cross over the 80/20 levels. Maybe I am setting the parameters incorrectly.

Please anybody else feel free to set me straight

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Ok Moneda,

No worries...

I have attached 2 templates: one for 5,3,3 and one for 14,3,3 stochastics, with overbought and oversold crossovers. These numbers can be changed too, like the ones Spudfyre has: 76.4 and 23.6. For now I have the default levels 80 and 20 as you requested.

You only asked for the 15 and 30 min TF, so that's what you will get now. You didn't mention higher TF's, like the 4H.

If you want different, please be precise in your request.

The sendmail option is false.

Just copy these templates to the subdirectory templates in the root of your broker MT software and then after restarting your software you can load one of these templates.

Always use the lowest TF chart so you will get to see all the other TF stochastics (in this case 15min chart with 15min and 30 min stochs).

Success!

Regards,

fewhills

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Sorry... for Fewhills attention as well

Regards,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
FewHills,

Thank you very much. I used your parameters in the template and used my own.  I really appreciated.  :

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Hi all, I have been looking at this thread and love the ideas that have been put forward, the Multiple Time Frame Stochastics are great. I think that these could be as close to the holy grail as you could possibly get. I have also printed off the entire thread!

However, I was wondering whether or not it wold be beneficial to use Exponential option with the %K and %D Line instead of the Simple option?

Any thoughts on that?

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Spud,

Thanks for posting your system. I spend the past few days reading the thread. I've been palying around with a scalping version using the 1min/5min and 15 min charts...and am up 74 pips since Thursday doing so. Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
I couldn't agree more with you, Big Sky Trading.  Like Spud said, "Stochs hardly ever lie."  This was super-evident during these last few days with the Yen combos.  I'm really liking his Thread system.  Really fantastic.  I'm so much more confident in my trading - just have to continue studying and follow the methodology to the "T".  Take care and good luck.  Thanks again Spud, hope you're enjoying your vacation.

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Hi all,

Since we've had two different stochs to work with, I'm wondering which ones most of you are using, i.e., 5.3.3 or 14.3.3?

Personally, I'm unclear about which to use (and why), especially since they don't always agree. Since the 5.3.3 created a successful method in the beginning, I wonder if the 14.3.3 has proven itself to be more effective, or not. And, for those of you who keep both on your screens, how do you decide which one to follow when determining exact entries/exits?

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
K2kv,

14.3.3  Per Spud......

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Can someone guide me how to create a template with spud mtf fibo + stoch for 30m,60m,4h,daily all in one?  I currently have one template with 30m,60m & 4h but got problem adding the daily stoch.

Any assistance is greatly appreciated.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Doremi,

Read pgs 54-58 (more or less) to find and understand what you are looking for.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Moneda,

Thanks for the directions,  I still did not get what I really wanted.  This is what I wanted to learn.  Say I open up a 15M chart, I added the stochs for 14,3,3 or 5,3,3 (combined the better).  Besides this, I want the stochs (combined) for 30M,60M,240M each subsequently below simultaneously displayed on the 15M chart together.  I am sure it's possible.  Can someone guide me how?  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Doremi,

The template can be found here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=37176

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Avici4x,

Thanks for the link.  But I still like to learn how to create one which I said earlier on.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Hi Stochasters...!

Here is another screenshot from my Multi-time frame Stochastic MT4 Screen...

I have been most interested in working with daily charts, specifically GBP/USD...  My strategy is to trade the daily chart only when the weekly stochastic is OB or OS... As the weekly begins to cross, enter long or short as the daily stoch (blue and yellow) cross...

Ignore the daily until the OB/OS range is reached on the weekly.

This system has produced 2,031 pips since the entry on March 8th, until the exit on July 26...

Comments?

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Very nice, and I thought I was going long term using the 4 hour chart. I will study this more............this has potential.

T4K

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
May we use your template? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Hi Jnevins..it seems your system interesting. coud you explain your entry and exit point? what is the setting of weekly and daily stochs? Sorry my english is not good..

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Has anyone set up a chat page on spudfyres systems or stochastic mtf trading yet? If so I would sure like to join

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
yes

we are in the "MTF traders" room. in the tradingrooms.com you have to install the chat and charts sharing software.

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
thanks emda

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
jnevins,

I read all your six posts, it seems stick to this day-week charts. you didn't even follow the crowd, you follow yourself - i wonder if people trading 30min or 4hr are consistently getting more pips than you do.

jnevins, i know you don't trade NZD/JPY, but how will you filter when stochastics stuck in oversold or overbought and price still going thesame direction?

pls, see the chart below

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Thanks, Moneda!

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Sure thing...  Install these two #MTF Stochastic Oscillators... On the chart I posted, the indicator titled # V2.0 is the Daily swing...

Settings are Daily: 5,4,4, Weekly, 5,3,4

All observations, comments, questions welcome...

I have been demo trading only to date.  I still need to work out position sizing and money management principles.  My goal is not living income, but to grow a retirement account, long term.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Hi Watchout...

I can't get access to NZD/JPY on the accounts I am running right now...  I have Alpari and Interbank fx but neither gives me data for that pair.

My advice is to change the slowing parameter and keep backtesting until you are satisfied with the possibilities.  Again, go for the long weekly swings and enter on the daily stoch once the weekly has played out and is turning around.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Is there a MTF stoch v2 with an alert when the main line crosses the signal line?

Thanks,

traden4x

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Sorry, I don't have one...  My method involves not stying anywhere near my computer while the trade is on... just check in each evening to watch the weekly stoch unfold...  The average swings have been around 6 weeks this past year.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
jnevins,

interesting approach you are sharing with us.  Wondering if the 75 & 28 levels on the weekly sto have any significance other than being the ob/os levels for the weekly,  Do you give the ranges from the 80 - 75  & 20 - 28 any other consideration..

While I'm asking I might as well ask if there is anything besides the long term trend direction you pick up from the High/Low MA on your chart.

(Just want to be sure not to miss any nuances of your approach)

thanks,

Tom

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Hi there,

as i read originally the method was used for trading gbp/jpy. Is it possible to use it for other currency pairs? If yes, for which ones? Thanks for the help.

All the best, xrbor.

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Early in the thread Spud indicated that this could be setup for use on other pairs.  I trade G/U with the MTF stoch.  You must however learn the characterisics of the pairs you like to trade.

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
I don't have a MTF Stochastic indicator with an alert.  attached is a Stochastic indicator that will alert for the timeframe of your current chart. The alert will trigger after the current candle has closed.

This was posted to the Metatrader's Experts and Indicators group on Yahoo...

MetaTrader_Experts_and_Indicators@yahoogroups.com

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Hi Tom.

The only thing I noticed is that at the oversold level on the weekly, the 28 gets hit more consistently in an up market than the 20 and the holds for a down market...  The 75 or so might be better...  It is important to check out your particular pair and do your own observations.

The MA's on my chart are the 144 ema and the 200 ema.  In an up trending market, when the weekly stoch is bottoming out, chances are high that price will touch down briefly on the 144, then bounce and resume the up trend as the stoch rises... that is until the main weekly trend is broken...  On the cable, we have been in a steady uptrend for the past 16 months.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Yes!  This approach will work in every market, and every time frame.  It is very important to spend a lot of "screen time" with your favorite pair to discover how it moves, its range, etc.  You might want to optimize the stoch parameters for a given pair in a given time frame.  My favorite pair right now is the GBP/USD.

The beauty of this system is that you are constantly being asked to consider the "bigger picture" before you make a decision to trade.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
I am still looking to enter correctly (aren't we all?).. here is a GBP?USD daily chart with a 5,3,4 weekly #MTF Stochastic and an indicator that appeared on the Metatrader Experts and Indicators list...

Snake force looks like another great way to enter and exit...  Briefly put:

Enter when the wk1 stoch is crossing and is  oversold and stoch is crossing up and you see a fat green bar on the Snake Force indicator.  Exit when indicated by the weekly stoch and you see a thin green bar... the entry and exit follow the signial bar.

I'll be away for a few days, until the 10th or so...

Thanks Spud!  Enjoy your break.

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
thanks

I always want to make sure e.g. M30 align with H1 or H4 then i scalp then switch to M1.

use william's percentage range - period:14 - then i buy in direction of the trend. i look for around 10pips.

b4 H1 go to oversold/overbought, i made if not twice the number of pips a person waiting until H1 go oversold/overbought.

but i can't be watching the screen all the time, can there be an EA for this?

but i'm not sure this will work during 'news' time.

can anyone test it, the screen shot is just only 2days i applied the method.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
i think snakeforce is repaint,do you think about?

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
it doesn't repaint... but i've seen it updates the latest 6 bars (aprox) so.. you can't decide on the last bar.. because it can change 6 bars ahead.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
i need major help here. i have read this post in the past, but have been unable to look inot it due to a new job and new hours. the software i have blows, so i need some new trading software that i can work with. i went to fxcm and got their free software,  but cannot get anything other than charts. is there a secret anyone knows?? i see the last chart is metatrader and i have gone to the site, but there is no software download, or am i blind???

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
I'm using it on the daily chart and will test it forward for awhile... I am taking screen shots as I go to see if it is steady or not...

Still.. the main issue for this thread is multi time frame stochastics... that is why we are here....

The weekly stoch is still keeping me short on the GU from July 26....  I'm expecting the bottom of that cycle to reach the 144 ema at around 2.0000 around the end of August.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Many or most of us are using Meta Trader 4... it is free, has a huge world wide developer base for indicators and experts and is very powerful.  Try these links for a free download....

http://www.alpari-idc.com/en/metatrader4/index.html

http://www.interbankfx.com/Platform/Overview.aspx

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
watchoutme4!

hello ,can you put some example to explain your method, 300pips 2days~thank

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
thanks jnevins, much appreciated for the info!!  looks like it is quiet here in this thread, is spud on vaca??  or is the market waiting for fomc??  any news on how exciting it will get??  i talked with a guy who is part of a trading group and he uses cci and rvi to make pips. he about 70% successful on trades. i am gonna see if combining both of his and spuds methods will raise that win percentage. i think it will, but only time will tell, and the big boys do nbot figure out how to counter that!!!

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
I entered a short trade last night (00:00 GMT) in the G/U based on your long term trading theory. The weekly stochastics were still down and the daily stoch. had turned back down after a small retrace. I am currently up approx. 75 pips on a micro account. Thanks jnevins, I like this long term theory you have shown us and the template works great too.

T4K

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
I posted this idea in another stoch thread. I thought I'd post the idea here as well since this is MTF stoch's. Have a look and tell me what you think.

Here is an idea for an indicator alert and possibly to plot labels or arrows on the chart when this condition occurs. The arrows would allow for back testing research of this condition.

This indicator would check multiple time frames or multiple stoch values for the same time frame if desired. This can all be controlled by the user.

I have attached another stoch cross indicator that I have added the stoch values and inputs for this. Look at the user inputs and comments after them and it should be self explanatory. The alert WILL NOT work as I only did the needed inputs for this alert and not the coded logic.

I would make the indicator so that it displays the arrows in the separate chart window so that if you have 2 separate stoch window, you can drag an alert to one window and a second stoch alert to the second stoch window to compare the alerts for different stoch settings.

Anyone interested that could help program this?

traden4x

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
[quote=mtrmth;1527544]thanks jnevins, much appreciated for the info!!  looks like it is quiet here in this thread, is spud on vaca??

Hi MTRMTH,

Yes, Spud took a well deserved break from this thread for August.  He is working on a .pdf manual that will pull together his best ideas...

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Just completed a classic "To" trade on the 15m Eur/Usd for a quick 30 pips.  It's amazing how often this works.  As Spud mentioned, he favors his "To" trades and Thread Theory as do I.  Thanks again Spud.

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Hello jnevins,

I'm very interested in your approach to weekly swings, which corresponds to mine, in many ways, though I haven't been using stochastics. A more objective decision making process is always worth considering, in my view, as the more subjective I am, the more demanding it can be, emotionally.

I find it confusing to have to constantly flip between daily/weekly charts, and seeing your chart on post 1095, I wondered how you get a weekly stochastic on a daily time frame. I've tried this in the past, by multiplying the stochastic imputs, but failed to get it right. I did download your indicators in post 1104, but they both seem to be the same.

It would be great if you could explain how I might do this, or where I'm going wrong with the indicators.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Look guys the Stochastic wreck the rainbow

..wonder why the picture can't be shown

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Hi Musanto,

nice chart/template.

How do you trade "the rainbow"? and do you use it always with the stochs?

Thanks for any info,

PC

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
I find it confusing to have to constantly flip between daily/weekly charts, and seeing your chart on post 1095, I wondered how you get a weekly stochastic on a daily time frame. I've tried this in the past, by multiplying the stochastic imputs, but failed to get it right.

It would be great if you could explain how I might do this, or where I'm going wrong with the indicators.

Thanks[/quote]

Hello,

I am using the stochastic from the weekly applied to the daily and entering with the daily.  both are combined into one chart using the #MTF Stochastic Indicator.

1. Drag the #MTF Stoch indicator onto your daily chart.  Use 10080 time frame as your period (1 Week)

2. Drag the #MTF Stoch indicator onto the weekly stoch indicator window and choose 1440 (daily) as the time frame.  Change the colors and weights of your lines....

That's it!

This forum is devoted to exploring how to put 4 timeframes in one window... most commonly the 15 min, 1 hr, 30 min and  4 hr .

In seeing the "big picture"  one can have greater insight into understanding the market before entering a trade.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Hello,

I am using the stochastic from the weekly applied to the daily and entering with the daily. both are combined into one chart using the #MTF Stochastic Indicator.

1. Drag the #MTF Stoch indicator onto your daily chart. Use 10080 time frame as your period (1 Week)

2. Drag the #MTF Stoch indicator onto the weekly stoch indicator window and choose 1440 (daily) as the time frame. Change the colors and weights of your lines....

That's it!

This forum is devoted to exploring how to put 4 timeframes in one window... most commonly the 15 min, 1 hr, 30 min and 4 hr .

In seeing the "big picture" one can have greater insight into understanding the market before entering a trade.[/quote]

I am still enjoying a nice ride down in Cable (GBP/USD pair) based off of your long term trading template and theory.

Thanks again for the template.

T4K

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Is anyone using this method using smaller time frames?  I've been using the 60 min. as the highest time frame and using the 5 min for timing entry.  Making sure the 15 min is in agreement with the 60 min.  Just curious if antone else is doing this.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Hi Big Sky,

I also trade the smaller time frames, similar to your method, except that I watch the 15m & 30m, and trade the 5m. I find the 1h generally too slow to catch up with the others (it's always opposite!) if I'm trading the 5m. BTW, you said you're watching the 15m & 60m. What about the 30m?

My biggest problem I have is that, 9 times out of 10, as soon as I enter, the price immediately moves fast against me, even if the trade eventually goes positive. Makes my heart pump too hard, still working on this. I mostly trade US/JY, occasionally EUR/$.

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
I trade this similar setup and 3 other stoch conditions down to the 1min charts. Look for the setups from the larger TF's and time from the smaller TF's.

traden4x

an example of a current trade

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Hello pip,

Rainbow is my guarantee that the trend is run to my favour.

See the completeness color of it, that is the direction of the trend.

The decision to enter trade is still by MTF stoch,

The rainbow can save our trade if we got a wrong entry.

When this happen, wait until the rainbow to complete the full flip to make sure the trend is wrong and the trade need to Stop loss.

Because fault entry by MTF stoch. is not always fault in trend.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Thank's a lot buddy

Now I know what to do all night  (backtest!)

Have fun,

PC

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Hi

I wonder if someone could help please. Let me first admit to being a comlete computer nerd as this may explain my problem ... anyway, I have been reading Spud's Trading MTF Stochs Manual and would like to reproduce the chart he shows there with several stochs in the same indicator window demonstrating the principle of elasticity. I assumed that this would be found under the thread headed  'How To Set Up MTF Stochastic Indicator' but when I download the indicator placed there by Spud I get a simple 5.3.3. stochs and the template gives me a blank bar chart with no indicators.

Any help would be gratefully received

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Bundubill,

Hello. Just go to "Spuds Stochastic Thread Theory". On page 5, post#61, you'll find EMDA's post. He/she is super-generous with his indicators. You'll find: stochthreads5.zip. Download it - everything is there for us. This is an incredibly successful method. Good luck.

I'm sorry, you want this:  MTF Stochastic v.2.  Next to this thread's heading you'll see an icon of a "paper clip."  Click on it and a list of Spud's indicators and templates will pop up.  Near the bottom of the list you'll find what your looking for.  Ciao

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Hey, thanks Rialto really appreciate your help

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
i read spuds theory on how to trade the elastic, rubber band, way, and it is amazingly simple.  now all i have to do is get the settings. i went to the paper clip and tried to downlaod v.2, but windows will not open it. something to do with mq4??  how do i get to read it???  also, you mentioned emda explains this in another thread.  is that thread under forums or trading systems??  i see the market has had a shock and awe strike on it this past week, wish i would have had some time to play, but i am sure the volitility will continue for a while. have a couple of ideas i want to try and combine and see if a 90% positive trading method cannot be figured out. i could be wrong on that, the market can be very un kind, but hey, it is worth a shot. thanks for any help you can give me.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
As for the mq4, you need to open it with a meta trader station like those from northfinance or interbankfx. from within the trading station, you right click the screen and go to load template. from there you find the file you want....

Thanks so much Spud...

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Hi all,

Spud has said that he only uses stops to protect his account, not each trade, and I follow the same rule (I stopped using tight stops when I felt I was getting hunted down all the time -- I was right!). However, he is a most accomplished and experienced trader. I still have a lot to learn, and still find myself entering some trades when I really should not have. Some of you may do the same.

I never leave my screen when I'm in a trade, so I can get out whenever I need/want to, but I don't think I have a really good handle on how much drawdown I should tolerate before getting out of a trade that seems to be going bad, despite its eventual outcome.

Seems that most of my trades (mostly US/JY, shorter time frames) tend to go against me the moment I enter, even if price eventually moves in my favor. So, I wonder how each of you handles the issue of tolerating drawdown, and when do you exit a trade that seems to be going south fast despite all indicators. Where do you draw the line, and how do you watch your funds going down without getting stressed?

Thanks for all your help!

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
K2,

I'm not sure what you are referring to? Is it normal market conditions or is it the violent conditions seen recently? I trade the stoch's the same/differently than spud. It all depends. Give some examples of trades.

Under violent conditions you need to drop out of higher TF's IMO and look to the shorter. But maybe that is just me.

traden4x

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Hi Traden,

I guess I was referring to both. For example, today I took a short trade that had my heart beating much too fast when it immediately turned against me, then up and down repeatedly, and I held on when it went to -24 pips. It came back, waffled all over the place again, and came back down to -5, where it settled for a bit. As it started back up again I decided to "get out while the gettin' was good." I got scared out and exited -6 pips, thankful to only suffer the smaller loss.

No more than five minutes passed when the price moved 120 pips in my direction, but I had already left the trade. I don't usually get upset when I trade, but that was definitely frustrating.

Honestly, after reviewing my entry, I realized that I had not entered according Spud's firm rules. Rather, all stochs were well below 23.6, no sign of turning back. I took the trade with confidence because I've observed this setup a number of times before, and it always proved fruitful. I just wasn't prepared for the drawdown, so I'm wondering what other folks are willing to tolerate.

The market did seem a little wild...

Jeff

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Jeff,

I have been exactly where you are now.  Over the last several weeks, I have had to learn quite a few painful lessons about exercising patience with this system.  When you get the right entry, it should very rarely, if ever, go negative on you.  I have attached a slide to show what I mean, and illustrate a common mistake I have made too many times recently, but will not make again.

As you see the slide, all the stochs are beneath 20 and turning up.  At the point where the M15 stoch crosses 20, there is a really nice Morning Star candle pattern, which is a reversal pattern.  Notice that the M30 stochs are pointing up but they have not crossed 20 yet.  Over the past several weeks, based on the M15 cross, the strong candle pattern, and the fact that the M30 stochs are pointing up, I would have gone long.  Anyone who did that, however, had the position turn around on them and go negative by roughly 300 pips.  Sadly, I have been burned by this a LOT in the past several weeks.

Now that I have learned my lesson, though, I knew to not get tempted by the initial M15 cross, as the M30 hadn't crossed yet.  I know, now, that if the M15 crosses 20 way before M30 does, that the M15 will turn back down and then the second upturn in M15 is the one that will pull the M30 up over 20 and signal the real move.  So that's what I waited for.  When I got the right entry, I made 124 pips in about 20 minutes, and it didn't go negative on me once.

Spud is oh so correct when he mentioned over an over again to WAIT until M15 & M30 were out of the 80/20 zones.

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Hello jnevins,

Thanks very much for the explanation.

Much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
it no wonder your heart is pumping fast since you are trading the U/J. The price rhythm of that pair can cause your heart to skip if you have prolonged exposure to the Yen. Read the Surgeon General's warning.

on the serious side.  What can releave the tension is to trade with a smaller lot size.

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
In my way of thinking this depends on

- how many pips are you trying to earn each time.  The more you want the greater likelihood of an unpleasant drawdown.

- what is the risk ratio of your trade relative to your account size.  The smaller it is the more drawdown you may be able to tolerate.

- what is the daily volatility swing or daily range

- what are the characteristics of the pair you trade - some pairs are erratic and others are a smoother back and forth price action.

- how much are you willing to lose.  in other words, what loss can you sustain and not reduce your ability to trade at the risk ratio level you are now.

hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Hi Tommy,

Nice to see you. I wondered where you'd gone!

Thanks for taking the time to offer your screenshot. Mine looks nearly identical, though I'm about to kill the 5.3.3 since I no longer rely on it.

You've made an interesting observation and a crystal clear explanation, which is most helpful and definitely appreciated.

My entry, however, was not a matter of waiting for the stochs to both cross (I use 23.6 & 76.4). I entered short when all stochs (15/30/60) crossed below 23.6 and held there for awhile without any sign of turning up. I believe this is generally a good entry, just not something I should be in myself, since it is obviously subject to huge retracement/turnaround, and I prefer to get my thrills elsewhere.

So, if I follow your thinking (and I do), most of my successful trades were probably not entered optimally, as most turned sharply against me before going positive. Back to the drawing board...

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Hi Kudzu,

Funny comment, though true!

This U/J pair is more volatile this week than it was last week. I trade it because the spread is usually 1.8 on Oanda (though it's up to 4.0 this morning -- a good sign for me to stay out!) and a definable trend.

Good point about the smaller lot sizes, but I'm still wondering how much drawdown other folks generally tolerate in their typical trade.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Jeff, that's exactly where I have been the last several weeks: at the drawing board.  After some quick early success with this system, I got waaaayyy too cocky and, as Spud has admitted himself, I began to think that I could predict what the stochastics were going to do.  Consequently, I made tremedously huge errors getting into trades way too early and wound up paying for it.

So I have been quiet while I got my head together and learned how to wait for the trade to come to me.  You know what's interesting, though... There are so many different trading systems out there, and any one of them can produce good solid results.  No one system is really better than any other.  What it really all boils down to is the trader himself.  If a trader has mastered himself and can exercise the patience and discipline to wait for the optimum setup from whatever system he chooses to follow, then he will be successful long term.  Without patience and discipline, even the most effective trading system will lead to numerous losses.

I think I have the patience now.  We'll see as we get into next week....

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Yes, it does. And very good advice (thanks!).

But I think I'm trying to learn what a "typical" trade should look like. For example, even if I had a few million dollars in my account (which I don't),  I probably wouldn't want to see the price move 300 pips against me on a modest one-lot buy, even though I could easily sustain the loss and it would be just a miniscule percentage of my account.

Thanks very much for your input!

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Well, you're absolutely right about that. For awhile, I had three different systems set up on my monitors, and I would wait for a good setup on one of them, even if the others did not agree. Sadly, since they never seemed to agree with each other, I began to lose confidence in them all! I found this made me crazier than I already am, so I've decided to devote my energies to just learning Spud's MTF system, particularly in light of his enormous willingness to help each and every one of us.

I've banned myself from trading today as the spreads are wider than usual and I need to just watch the screens for a day.

Take care...

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Quick question for anyone.... when determining the trend with the 1h or 4h do you use the 5stoch or 14stoch?  I have not had to decide which to use until this morning when the 5stoch lead the 14stoch quite a ways.

thanks in advance

oh yea, I have been trading using the 1h as trend and buy/sell with that trend when the 15m and 5m line up for my entry.... it worked awesome until this morning!

N8

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Hi N8s,

I can't answer your question with authority since I've asked it myself recently, but I'm wondering what constitutes your entry trigger.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Hi all, what a great thread.  I have read all the Stochs threads by Spud now 2...today will be 3 times and so far this month I am at 70% winning ratio.  I know this will only get better.  I have a quick question to summarize:  Threre are 3 types of trades:  1.  With the Elasticity we trade when the 4 hour and preferabbly the 1 hour are in ob or os territory.  2.  We trade threads  3.  We trade Escalator to pips with the 4 hour being our lead.  These aren't all different systems but tools to help us all work together and even serve as filters for eachother right?  This is just to see if I am on the right trail...thank you...Joe

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Personally, I have both the 5 and the 14 on my charts for three different timeframes: 15, 30, and H1. The relationship between the 5 and the 14 can be a tricky one but an easy way to think of it is that the 5 is the short term trend and the 14 is the longer trend. When the 5 pulls away from the 14, it *usually* means that it price is just making a temporary pull away from the longer trend, and will *usually* snap back to the longer trend. When the two move together, it is a very powerful signal. In fact, I usually look for that as my ideal setup: the 5 & 14 either above 80 or below 20 and turning together. That's just about the safest entry possible.

You should study the chart I attached. I have highlighted some of the patterns that I look for. I use the 14 as my indicator of the trend, and I use the 5 to either confirm that we are moving in the direction of the trend (when they are both moving together), or are in a countertrend pullback (when the 5 pulls quickly away from the 14).

In the end, the interpretation is more art than science and it takes a lot of practice. Like Spud says -- spend hours watching the charts (without trading) to get a feel for how the stochastics move together.

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
MTF Stochastic.

You may like this

By 2 great coders Mladen & Fxbs

Mart

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
ok guys and girls, i am having a difficult time understanding how to set up my charts. i have the stochs on each chart, but not multiple stochs on the chart. i am an older fart, and did not do well in programming computers when i was in school. the apple II was just released and available for the public and i learned on that, that is how old i am!!!  i can dela with windows pretty well, but alot of the software i see for charts is something i have to have explained to me in detail, or shown to me until so i can understand it. i have good intelligence, but sometimes my common sense evades me. once the light turns on, i am good to go. it is probably something simple i am missing, but that is what usually happens. if there is a link for a template or a step by step walkthru that someone could help me with, it would be appreciated. you can pm me instead of tying up the thread with your reply. it would be better left to letting everyone know when a good trade is coming. thanks again for the help.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
mtrmth,

Since you already have your charts set up with stochs you're half-way there.

To place another stoch in the same window as your first stoch, simply click on the Navigator icon on the icon bar (looks like a scrambled egg). From the dropdown indicator list, select "Stochastic" and drag it into your existing stochastic window.

A window will open. Select the input tab and select your weapon (14.4.3, or 5.3.3). Voila! To close the navigator list, simply click on the scrambled egg icon again.

If I've not hit the target and you're trying to create something else, there are many templates available within this thread, but I'm not sure where they are offhand; I'm sure someone else will chime in for you.

Oh -- I also started with an Apple IIe, so you're probably in my age range (60). But, I'm not that old!! You're only as old as you think you are...

Hope that helps!

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
i am just over 40, you are between me and my father. anyway, i am on alpiri demo software, so the dragging part is out. i have opened 4 windows and got the stochs on each time frame, but still cannot figure out how to get the time frames even and all the stochs on one chart. i was reading that spud looks at each chart seperate when  he trades in the beginning of the thread. i guess for a beginner i should just try that, make some pips and then graduate to the more complex charts.  the question i have now is templates. i set up my charts and saved it under a new template, but will it make all of my charts that way when i open new ones of different currencies, or do i have to save each one under that template???

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Thanks for sharing this trading system. i'm newbie for this forum as well as forex. First of all, sorry if there are already have an answer in this thread for my question ( please give me a link if any). im confuse when to short/long and exist with this system. what am i understand are

enter long when:
1. 15M and 30M Stochs both be down below 20/30 should be at least near 20

2. Wait until  the 30 minute is moving up and well established with both stoch lines in parallel going up (Preferably both stochs are above 20)

When to enter short and when to exit??

im very appreciate if somebody can give a summary on how to enter long/short and when to exit. If possible pls attach an image ( Screen shot). Thanks

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Hi guys

I know Mart posted this code, it is the only way to go using MTF stochs, I am posting it again as mladen posted two, with the one I am posting allowing you to choose which tf you want displayed. Mart, I have not looked at the one you posted so it could also be the second one that mladen posted. Anyways, it's absolutely fantastic. He also posted the same principle using CCI, RSI and ADX for those who use them. Go to forex-tsd and search for 'multiple time frame', it will be on the 2nd last page area.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
I'm a realtive nubie to this thread, but I have a couple years experience in the markets.

This post is for those of you reading who want to know how big to make your trades...

Simple Formula:   (Account Balance) / [(Number Losses Until Broke) * (1-for mini, 10-for standard) * (Max Pip Loss on Single Loss)]

For Example: a person with 1000 wanting no more than 2% risk on any worst trade would have 50 trades in there account or (50) perfect losses until broke. 1000 * .02 = 20. 1000 / 20 = 50. They would probably be on a mini account, so (1). Max pip loss lets say (50), i think that was Spud's initial stop loss... So 1000 / [50*1*50] = .4. So each trade should be .4 mini lots.

When I first began I didnt really understand the limits of leverage until i read some random book and it helped me to make apropriately sized trades...
Hope this is helpful

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Mtrmth,

"The dragging part is out." Why?? I have used the Alpari demo and dragging is the same as with every other MT4 program. Did you follow my instructions above, and try to drag the indicator?

When you save a chart as a template, it then becomes available to you when you want to replicate it on one of your chart windows. In other words, after you've saved a template, you can then open a new chart window and apply that template (or any other template you might have saved) to it by right-clicking and selecting templates. Choose the template of your choice and your chart will reflect your selection.

Your new charts will open with NO template. However, you can save your workspace by clicking on file ->save as. Give it a name. Next time you boot up, your last-saved workspace will show up, and all your charts will be in place.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
I know this is not specific, but in general I prefer trading methods that help me grow my account with a smooth equity curve.  This means that I will be thinking of making safer short term trades rather than making longer term trades that could net me more pips, but also submit me to a greater drawdown.

(btw, I do not think of really short term trades as being safer.  You can get your backside kicked on a fast moving scalp if you aren't careful.)

nothing lower than M15 for me.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
[/quote]

I am still enjoying a nice ride down in Cable (GBP/USD pair) based off of your long term trading template and theory.

Thanks again for the template.

T4K[/quote]

Hi T4K,

Back from vacation... Thanks for the validation.  I will be following this method for a few more cycles before I start putting actual funds in play.

We are still in a downward trend.  The Cable has broken the 144 ema and shows no sign of reversing the weekly trend as yet.

I am attaching today's daily chart.  The daily Stoch is omitted... I won't be looking at that until I see signs of a reversal on the weekly.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Hi Kudzu,

Thanks! That's definitely good advice. I tend to stray a little from what I know, as I love to explore, but it's great to have generous folks like you to pull me back into reality.

I, too, prefer the shorter term -- I like to see the action, and be able to pull the plug the instant I need to get out. I'll trade the M5 more often than anything else. Doesn't seem to hurt as badly when it goes against me!

I tend to waffle a bit between watching stochs and utilizing Phil Nel's 5-min strategy, depnding on the charts. I think switching from EUR$ to US/JY was a mistake for me at this point in my limited experience, so I'm back to EUR$ today.

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
I know some of you trade lower TF's and that this isn't true to the stoch rules being talked about in this thread. I have about 6 different stoch setups that I look for. The attached pic shows 1 and explains it briefly.

traden

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
I installed this indicator, however, when I check only the timeframes that I need displayed onscreen...they all still show regardless of what is checked.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Hi Traden,

Actually, Spud does indeed talk about trading the 5M TF in a post entitled "Quicker Pipping." It's based quite specifically on the fundamental stochastic rules and principles discussed in this thread.

Just thought you'd want to know.

Take care...

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
yes, i did try and drag the navigator icon. question, left or right click to drag, i thought it was left click???  and i go from the toolbar to drag it to the existing stoch graph???  how do i make sure that the timeframe is say a 15m or 30 min to go on the 1hr chart so i get the right stoch charts???  since you have used alpari, how do i get the same number of time frames so that the graphs will line up instead of using the zoom in or out control??  here is the stupid question, i see the normal stoch graph by itself with a blue solid line and a red dashed line, assuming that they are blue(buying pressure) red(selling pressure)???  did you try the cascade charts, or did you just have them side by side??  did you use seperate charts for each time frame, or did you have different currency pairs on the screen???  i know, massive questions, but my windows skills are minimal and i feel i need a degree to understand this. i am a quick learner, but my beginning knowledge is non existant for this complex software.  any and all help woould be appreciated from any and all on my education, so anyone can chime in with tidbits and things to try to get me more familiar with the software.  thanks.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
here is another question. if i want to go to another pair, do i have to set up another template with that pair, or can i just click on that currency pair and it will put in that pair on the charts that i have up???

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
mtrmth --

I will answer just a couple of your questions; perhaps other will chime in to assist further. You should open and read through the help files of your trading platform, as they will give you valuable information on how to use it, and many of your questions will be answered there. I believe there is a tutorial available elsewhere on the 'Net, and it should be readily accessible via Google.

And I can't really address your windows questions, as I have both MAC and PC on my desk, switch back and forth all day long with a 4-button trackball and would not want to confuse you with possibly incorrect information, nor do I wish to clog up this thread with unrelated postings.

You really should consider taking a brief course in Windows, or just pick up a basic book to help get you up to speed. As straightforward as it is, it will be extremely difficult to manage your MT4 trading platform if you are not first comfortable with Windows. Okay...

Go to the toolbar on the left within the navigator window that you opened earlier and drag the stochastics indicator to your chart.

Sorry, but I don't understand your questions about the time frames, and lining things up. There are others here who are much better-versed in this process.

The blue and red lines are K & D lines, NOT buying or selling pressure. We watch the K lines here.

To change the pair on your chart, simply open up your market watch window (view->market watch) and drag the desired currency pair into your chart. As far as I know, you cannot change the pair via templates.

Hope that helps somewhat, and best of luck...

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
thanks for the info, any little bit helps!!  capsmart helped me with the changing of the pairs, but a little reinforcement always helps.  the time frame is a toughie, but i just wanted the same number of frames, say 20, so that when looking at the chart, the stoch lines are representative of and in sync, as best as i can say it. a better way of saying it, the 15 will show more moves than the 30m, the 1 hr and the 4hr, but still matches up with the 4hr and the 1 hr. when i get all the stochs on the one chart, this question will be moot, let's hope.  as for windows, i have tried 3 different broker live feeds and they are all different and i get a bit frustrated. it is all windows, why can't they just be the same or really close so once you learn one, they all are understood. sorry just frustrating to have to learn each one. i waste time trying to figure it out instead of trading. i am sure i will get it, the light will go on and i can get on with the real maddening part of trying to make pips. maybe this is the training for patience and non-emotional trading!!  no more questions tonight, if i have any nore questions i will pm you so as not to tie up thread.

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Hi k2kv

If you are like me and using this to trade the 5min charts(or lower), I never take any more than a 10 pip stop, I use MBT with a 4 pip GBP/Yen or Eur/Yen 2 pip spread and have a very very high % result since using this method or a slight variation of it. Use your MT4 charts but trade off MBT or similar. My profits vary from 4 pips to 140 pips and only since taking a sabatical from FOREX (highly recommended) and then coming back and reading the Rainbow thread and Spuds have I finally become consistently profitable, hence being a member for so long without posting.

I have not ever felt that I should offer advice when I can't show the results to back it up. Tonights 3 trades +17 pips +7 pips +21 pips I don't stay watching my charts for too long as my concentration wanders a bit.

Follow the method religiously and you can't go wrong. Read James16 posts about A trades and read the Mantra constantly.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
I did some more shots of the 8555 trade I presented yesterday for those who like trading the 1/5min charts.

k2kv, I never saw the post by spud of quicker pipper. I will have to search for it and see what his take on it is.

traden

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
for a wise saying to insert how about this?

"I have not ever felt that I should offer advice when I can't show the results to back it up."

.

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Hi Cameron,

Thanks for your advice!

Although I do all my charting on MT4, I trade with Oanda; like MBT, their spreads are very appealing.

Unfortunately, I'm only able to trade during the day, and generally not before 8 or 9 am EST, so I try to do the best I can with my available time.

I like Eur/yen, too, but won't trade GBP/Yen due to the higher spread (even at 4p). Once I learn to trade more consistently and gain more confidence, I may feel differently, but I hate to give away 2 pips with every trade, especially when there are other options.

I seem to be making my best trades in the afternoons with E/J. Just seems to move in a slower, more settled predictable pattern at that time and, if I follow Spud's rules closely, I'm generally profitable. I've found that strict adherance to the rules is critical to success, and if I fudge in any way, I usually pay for it.

Rainbow: I visited that thread and, while it seems interesting, I didn't really care for the culture. Seems like no one is willing (or able) to explain what they're doing and will only offer rather cryptic repartee when newcomers show up. Just doesn't work for me.

I've since purchased the Guppy CD, and have been exploring other threads involving the GMMA system (such as the Trend Follower 5-min system here on FF), but I'm trying to remain focused mostly on MTF and Phil Nel's 5-min intraday system. They both make sense, and the members of these two forums are truly very generous.

I've only briefly perused James16, but will revisit on your suggestion.

Also, I'm trying to not overtrade, just waiting for the perfect setups. I took one trade yesterday at 2:30 pm, a perfect mtf setup, made 15 pips in less than a minute, and called it a day.

You're doing really well. Keep up the good work!

Thanks again for your help.

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Good morning, Traden,

You can find it on page 37 of this thread, post #552.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Hi Traden4x,

Could you post a template for your 8555 set-up?

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
jnevins,

I have many indicators that I have saved and renamed to ease loading. If I gave you a template you would need all the indicators as well. They are really no different than what you have already. I would just open a new 5 min chart and make 1 window for the 5 min stoch's 5,3,3 or 8,3,3 and maybe 14,3,3 and other 5min stoch's that you may use for other trend settings. I also use like 5,3,4 as the 4 slowing tends to help filter stoch whip during narrower ranging times. 1 window for the 15min stoch's with 5,3,3 and maybe 14,3,3 and other 15min stoch's that you may use for other trend settings. 1 window for the 30, 60, 240min 5,3,3 stoch's.

traden

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
I've recently done a couple of demo trades using a method Spud described where the 15M, 30M and the 1H were all pointing the same way. In both cases the price fell when the 15M turned down when I was just starting to follow the 1H up. In neither case was I able to stay in front of the computer long enough to see if the price recovered and I just wondered if one of you more experienced guys could tell me whether the 15M turning down should be seen as an exit point.

Incidentally as a newbie I know I should read right through the thread and I am busy doing this but a legup would be appreciated.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Hi Bill,

I'm no expert, but it would probably help us to know what level each of your stochs were at when the 15 turned down.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Hi Jeff

Thanks for responding. The 30M was in overbought and the 1H was probably around 25/30 (I think).

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
I suspect your 15 had already turned down and crossed back below 76.4. I believe the conservative approach according to the rules suggests you get out when the 15 first hits the 76.4. If you do stay in, once it crosses back through 76.4, it's time to flee.

Also, the fact that the 1H had not yet come up to around 50 or so when the 30M was overbought infers that the move was weak (this, from Spud, when I asked a very similar question a few weeks ago!).

I must caution that I am also fairly new at this with many questions of my own; other, more experienced traders may offer a more informed explanation. It's fairly quiet here during the day, just wanted to give you a quick reply.

Hope that helps...

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Bundubill,

Without a posting of what your charts looked like, I'd have to agree with Jeff here.  Based on what you said, I do believe that the M15 and M30 were already too overbought.  While I know the rules say to enter the trade when all three are pointing the same direction, the ideal (and most profitable) setups will have M15, M30, and H1 all crossing out of the 80/20 zone at about the same time.  Usually M15 will lead, M30 will cross within the next 15-30 minutes, and H1 should be crossing at the same time, or just about to cross.  If M15 and M30 pull quickly away from H1, so that M15 and M30 have already gone overbought by the time that H1 is just getting out of oversold, then that is a sign of a very weak move.

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
testing..1..2...3

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Jeff & TommyC

Very helpful. Thanks a lot.

Bill

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Hi KudzuFx

Thankyou for taking the time to post, it is unfortunate that you choose to run down a fellow trader just for offering a little advice. I have stalked this Forum for a long time learning from yourself and others, it has been a long ride over very rough ground and I am not certain I have arrived at my destination yet. I have very rarely posted as searching and thinking usually provide the answer, GMMAs have provided my answers.

Does FF require all those who post here to show their account details at the top of the post as some sort of proof of their level of expertise nowadays?

I am sorry if I have taken your post the wrong way, I am here to learn and it is has been only thanks to all who post on this forum that I am becoming a better trader no matter what results those people can show in the past present and future.

I still think FF is the best Forex Forum on the Net.

Thanks to you all.

BTW If its my signature you take exception to, I have used it for years and put it there because I just for the life of me could not think of anything Wise or Clever or Witty, just shows I am not a real deep thinker rather than having a shot at anyone for actually having a Wise, Clever or Witty Signature line.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
my apologies to you. I was not clear, perhaps brief, but not clear.

I was not criticizing you or your non-signature. I was actually complimenting you on your wisdom which is that it is wise to not talk about what one is not sure about. I admire and aspire to that self-controlled approach.

so, no worries mate. I was just offering some validation from a fellow trader who is also still learning.

many pips to you.

.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Hi Spuds and all,

Thank you all for a very informative thread. I have been working my way through it for several weeks and have been able to improve my trading results because of it. I don't know if anyone still uses the Big Stochastic, created by Skyline, but I have found it very helpful. I have modified the original version and offer it in the hope others will find it useful. The mods are: displays four definable time frames, has input for sto period, has alert when two adjoining time frames of the three higher are both > 61.8 and rising or below 38.2 and falling, and has added colors - Blue for > 68.2 & rising - Red for < 38.2 and falling - Gold for > 80 or < 20 and Black for all other conditions. I look forward to the continuing education this thread is providing.

Enjoy and Happy Pipping to all.

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Hi Tommy_C,

Just by accident I found your post.  Very interesting regarding possible high probability setups.  Would you mind telling me where I can find the 5 and 14 stochastic indicators that you mention?  Are there any other indicators that you use with the stochastics?  When I have time I'll read this thread.

Many thanks

jbone

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Are you using Metatrader 4?

If so Spud's explanation of how to set things up is here
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=37176

Also, you will learn much by going to the MTF Stochastic forum.  There are severals threads on the topic of Stochastics.  Reading the MTF Stochastics thread from the beginning is recommended.

You will also notice the links at the bottom of each thread as helpful.

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Where is the Spudster? He has been on holiday now for 5 weeks. It is time to come back to work, Spud!!

T4K

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Hi KudzuFX,

Thanks very much.  Yes I am using MT4.  I will check out the thread/ info that you posted.

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Hi,

Does anyone know where I can find two indicators like the one I've posted below?  I need to find a 5-3-3 of the 30 min,  and a 5-3-3 of the 15 min.

Here is a 5-3-3 of the 60 min as an example.
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...0&d=1185546587

Many thanks

jbone

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Was just going to take a trade on EU/JY, but Oanda's spread is currently 7-pips. Strange, since US/JY is only 1.8. Anyone know why?

Yikes!!

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
I have an idea that I need a price forecasting indicator based of stochs. This idea is from calculation of stochastic. The rule of stochs is the cycle from Cross 20 to cross 80 vice versa. It seems the price follow the stochs because it is a leading indicator, especially GBPJPY.

So I want reverse the equation of stochs so if the current stochs 5,3,3 cross 20 the price is 234,50, could we make an indicator that predict what price if stochs 5,3,3 cross 50, 80, 90? If possible it means we can know this price is the maximal price in oversold or overbought to takie profit or exit trade before the price back. I want use this indicator with MTF stochs 5,3,3 and 14,3,3 TF 15M,30M, 1H, 4H because these are the great indicator for GBPJPY momentum movement.

The indicator we need will show like this..

TF 15M

Stochs 5,3,3 current level 27,8 price : 234.50

cross level 23,6 price 234.20

if cross level 76,4 forcasting price 235.10

Stochs 14,3,3 current level 20,8 price : 234.50

cross level 23,6 forcasting price 234.80

cross level 76,4 forcasting price 235.80

TF 30M etc...

TF 1H etc..

TF 4H etc...

This indicator always change because the calculation of stochs will change but in one cycle we have the target price to exit if we use the TF 15 to enter the trade, so do with 30M and 1 H. The basic rule is MTF Stochastic by Spudfire. I hope somebody can find the indicator because I have always the best entry with the rule but crash with the exit, loss floating profit I have before

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Hi all, I was just wondering if it is necessary for an Elasticity trade that the 4 hour or daily stoch be in the overbought or oversold area?  I guess those will provide the safest trades right?  I guess I am trying to overtrade.  Any ideas about this?  Thank you in advance...Joe

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
In my efforts to see the "forest for the trees" using the Weekly Stochastic on the daily chart, I am showing where my thinking is this week-end.

The last trade was successful shorting the cable on 7/25 @ 2.0518 and closing the trade on 8/23 @1.9958 for a total of 560 pips.

I have since reversed positions and have scaled in 2 buys on successive days, 8/23 and 8/24.

Thanks Spud for starting this thread... Using a MTF Stochastic on a longer time period than the current chart has made all of the difference.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
The only software that I've ever heard of doing this sort of thing is Ensign Software:

http://www.ensignsoftware.com/tips/tradingtips63.htm

http://www.ensignsupport.com/email/1689.mhtml

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
WOW..!! :surprised You have found the great idea in trading.  we could forcast the price target from fibonacci retracement in MTF stochs system. Now we know it is possible to find the price where they cross over sold/overbought. Anybody have capability to make the indicator like this software that we can use in MT4? I think we need Einstein   here...

You give me great information, Poocher,  Thank you very much...

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
I read a lot of this topic and reading this post afterward is incredible.

Look at the attached file, the white chart is Spud's speculation, the black chart is what happened... Seems like Spud got a crystal ball ^^

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Not only Crystall Ball, ...

But with MTF Pricefinder indicator Spuds' system will be The Future Vision,

this is great, man...

But the indicator need somebody help to make it....

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
What's needed?

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
We need to calculate price where K% will cross the certain level of stochastic ( eg. 76.4 , 0r 23.6 or 85 ) later. If Possible, we need the MTF indicator. And also we need to calculate price where the stochs thread will converge. For the basic idea look at this

http://www.ensignsupport.com/email/1689.mhtml

The price is the minimal target price where to taking profit, or where we prepare to  enter the trade....

I wish we can make the pricefinder stochastic like this..

Could you make our dream become true, please..

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
MIG in Switzerland has a 7 pip spread on this pair.  I've been with them for 6 months (changed from a U.S. broker w/high spreads) and I'm very happy with them!

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
How do you install these eas? I drop them on the chart, but nothing happens.

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
You're welcome.

Hopefully Nondisclosure can make some headway.

Nondisclosure if you want I can get you all the info on the Ensign site that refers to the Pricefinder indicator. I don't subscribe to the software but know how to find stuff on their site.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Spud,

It took me 2 1/2 days to read through all the pages of posts.  It was worth it.  Started with some simple trades on Monday evening and worked my first 5 trades for about 10 pips each.  Had a couple of bumps along the way Wed. evening when I tried to force a couple of trades and forgot to be patient, but I took my first "escalator ride" last night for over 100 pips.  Love the simplicity of the system and working it with my charting and own indicators.  Can't wait for you to start training us again.

Pip-AV8OR

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Is Spud ok?  Anybody heard from him?

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Man, I'll tell you KudzuFx, I really miss his tutelage.  I've never been so secure in my trading.  I'm sure he has some more magic to reveal.  Hope he returns soon.  More importantly, I hope that he's enjoying his vacation and is fine.

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
First of all I must give much credit and appreciation to Spuds for his wonderful work and devotion to this thread. It's made me a successful trader indeed.

It is NOT my desire to change anything Spud's creates, and I am only throwing out for anyone interested a change I made for creating exit points that has worked very well indeed for me. I primarily started using this instead of the Fibonacci levels Spud uses on his break-out systems, and have since incorporated it into all of Spud's strategies and like I said, it works well for me indeed by keeping a couple of hundred extra pips in my pocket every week.

I have always had trouble with Fib retracements, and just have never found them accurate enough to place my pips on the table chasing them. Hey - that's just me. I cut my teeth in on trading with Pivot Points and that's what I am comfortable with in deciding what level my trade may go to and what level to exit (before I get chastised too much I MOST DEFINITELY use Spud's 80/20 rule also.)

I watch the pivot point levels, and so frequently you will see price hit a R/S level and retrace. Once it hits a S/R level and starts to retrace either with that candle or the next I then exit the trade. If it once again returns in my favor I re-enter the trade.

This has saved me boucoup pips in my account that I haven't given back because I'm out of a bounce early.

And please - no comments that PP ARE nothing more than FIB lines. I've been in this forex market way too long! If this works for you a little better visually, then great - I'm glad I could contribute something to this wonderful thread. If it doesn't - that's OK too. We're all individuals and one man's meat is another man's whatever.

When the stochs are above 76.4 I closely monitor where price is in relation to the nearest resistance line;  if below 23.6 I watch the next lower support line.  When price hits a S/R line this 'usually' is sufficient advanced warning that saves me some pips in exiting the trade.

If you want to check this out just add a pivot point calculator to your arsenal and put the pivot points on your charts. PP Calculators are all over the place and they're free.

Here's just one place you can get one for your charts
http://www.tradejuice.com/pp.html

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Flamenco, I agree totally ,I have been using both pivots and fibs with mtf stochs for a while now.However calculating and placing pivots manually on charts seems like a lot of work to me. there are a lot of mt indicators that will do this for you. May I ask why you don`t use one.

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
I do have one yes. Was ready to give it to anyone who asked.  The one I have though is a hassle to dowload, and giving general instructions would have been too confusing perhaps.

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Flamenco

Here are the pivot point indicators for daily, weekly, monthly for MT4.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
PP Indicators

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
YOu need to use the Medium and SR together for daily, weekly and monthly

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Hi Hemnina

Thanx for that info!  Am putting those into my "Forex Eternal Journal"!

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
I saw it when i read the entire thread but can't find it now.... but could someone remind me how to merge my 14,3,3 K% with the 5,3,3 K% on Meta4 or point out the post# to look at.

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Here is the Trendline indictor for MT4 platform

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Hi,

Does anyone know if/when Spudfyre will be back since his last post on 07-12-07 ?

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
1. select the stochastic indicator from the Navigator

2. drag the stoch indi to the same window where you have the other stoch

3. select your settings

4. make pips

more details directions at
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=37176

.

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
Another point of view on MTF Stochastics. I'm not author, just copypaste.

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
I miss him

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Hello,

I came upon two indicators that may be useful to some of you Spudites.

The first one will assign a color to your candles(chart) when in an overbought/undersold area.

The second one will alert you when the stoch enters and overbought/undersold area. By the way it would be great if one of our contributors can change the codes so that it alerts us when it crosses out of the overbought/undersold areas.

Both indicators will allow you to customize it to your liking. I can help you with some of the changes that you may want to make but I am sure that there are others here more capable than I. Please let me know what you think of these indicators and how best to use them...I am experimenting with them myself.

I must thank Banzai and CJA @ ForexTSD for sharing

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
I have a problem overlaying the 15M, 30M, 1H and & 4H stoch in same window on MTF.

i need help please

thank i got my answer in 981.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Spud, I don't know if you are ever coming back, but I want everyone else to know your system is solid. I took another escalator ride last night. Got in to the GBP/JPY @ 7 pm CST @ 233.68, looking for about 50-75 pips. The 15, 30, 1h and 4h were all at or breaking the 80. Closed out at 11 pm at 232.65. I had a feeling price was going to test 232.0, but I couldn't stay up to watch it. I still have a "real" job, but not for much longer, thanks to guys like you. Price dipped all the way to 231.75. Next time I'm on the escalator, I'll also be catching some of the retrace action using the 5m and the 15m. I could have added another 30-40 pips using the hedge, but I wasn't quite confident enough. After watching last night, I feel pretty good about the next time. Seems best to try and catch the retrace action early, as the movements seem bigger then and get smaller later. Kind of like waves getting smaller as they move away from the rock splash. I'm sure there is a way to make your system better, but it works pretty well as is.  Thanks again and Happy Trading.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Jnevins - I am still enjoying the profits from your modifications to the Spud theory. I do have one question...in your post on 8-25-07 your chart shows two moving average lines. What MA's do you use?

Thanks again -

T4K

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Hi TK4,

The yellow line on the chart is the Snake indicator set to its default period of 5. ... it is a non lag MA and the purple line is an 11 period SMA (close). I am finding that the non-lag MA v 7 is even more sensitive as a trigger... Set to 21 days to start....

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Sorry for being away for so long.  I just went back to work.

I don't see how they are able to predict the price.  Or am I missing something.  If I could figure that out, I could code this.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Hi J.

Where is your post on the alterations to Spud's method?

I got caught up on this and I must have missed it.

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
I am not trying to answer for jnevins but his modifications to Spud's theory starts on post# 1095, I believe. It is basically Spud's thoughts but just pushed out to the weekly and daily charts which is working better for me because I still have a day job which prohibits me from sitting in front of my trading station all day (or night).

Hope this helps.......

T4K

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
is anyone doing an automated trading system for spuds theory? I'm giving it a go and it's not going so crash hot. Well, it's not working at all I gotta say. I just want to see if I have my triggers correct or if I missed something...

The initial trigger is the 4H stochastic line crossing either 20 (for a buy) or 80 (for a sell)... once the stochastic crosses these lines we wait until it starts going up/down again at which point once it crosses those lines (upwards from below 20 for a buy and downwards from above 80 for a sell), we start looking at the 3 other time frames; 15M, 30M and 1H in that order. We wait until those 3 are all going in the same direction (and the 4H should be also but im probably going to include it as well just to be safe) and then enter into the relevant trade right? I'm not worried about exits for now... just want to get the entries sorted because they aren't working at the moment.

Heres what ive got so far and driving me insane... the 15 and 30 min stochastic values are always 0 i think and i have no idea why that is the case.

stochastic15c = iStochastic(symbol, PERIOD_M15, kPeriod, dPeriod, slowing, MODE_SMA, 0, MODE_MAIN, 1);

stochastic15p = iStochastic(symbol, PERIOD_M15, kPeriod, dPeriod, slowing, MODE_SMA, 0, MODE_MAIN, 2);

stochastic30c = iStochastic(symbol, PERIOD_M30, kPeriod, dPeriod, slowing, MODE_SMA, 0, MODE_MAIN, 1);

stochastic30p = iStochastic(symbol, PERIOD_M30, kPeriod, dPeriod, slowing, MODE_SMA, 0, MODE_MAIN, 2);

stochastic60c = iStochastic(symbol, PERIOD_H1, kPeriod, dPeriod, slowing, MODE_SMA, 0, MODE_MAIN, 1);

stochastic60p = iStochastic(symbol, PERIOD_H1, kPeriod, dPeriod, slowing, MODE_SMA, 0, MODE_MAIN, 2);

stochastic240c = iStochastic(symbol, PERIOD_H4, kPeriod, dPeriod, slowing, MODE_SMA, 0, MODE_MAIN, 1);

stochastic240p = iStochastic(symbol, PERIOD_H4, kPeriod, dPeriod, slowing, MODE_SMA, 0, MODE_MAIN, 2);

from that as I said... the stochastic15c through to stochastic30p for some reason return 0!!!

edit: never mind i figured out what the problem was... I was backtesting on a currency for which i didnt have any data on... since today is a weekend it didnt load it so it was comming up with those stochs as 0, I changed the time frame for the back test to what I felt I had the data for and it worked.

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Hello jnevins,

very interesting variation in this thread because I also like to trade the long term being more relaxed with my trades.

And of course: congrats to Spud for his great method and manuals

I would like to ask you some questions if you don't mind:

1.- I think that your original method was only based in weekly stoch (reaching overbought or oversold zones) and then daily stoch to enter the trade (when it's also in that OB or OS zones and crossing). That's the method that I want to test more seriously.

2.- Now I see that you are adding the snake indicator, ergodic, emas and you are trading more in weekly (you continue your short in cable because the weekly stoch didn't cross yet).

Well, I tested the snake indicator (I didn't know it was a 5 period until now, I had the default settings) and in daily it was with green fat bars, but gbp/jpy was falling down and this fall was about -300 pips. When it was by -200 the snake indicator repainted itself with 6 new bars!!! showing thin green bars and few red fat bars... so this indicator with the default setting is not good. Perhaps it's not good at all. I tell you this only to contribute in your method.

That's why I would like to know your opinion about your ema 144, the snake indicator, ergodic, emas, weekly stoch... and if you think that it's better the first strategy entering the trade when daily cross (first the weekly reach OB or OS zone). What I find difficult is when to exit in this method. You know: trading in daily or weekly you need to risk only a little with low lots because you can see -300 (daily) or even -1000 (weekly) in some volatile pairs before recovering again.

So, what's your opinion about the best option to exit the trade when you are trading with daily stoch?

Thanks and congrats for your great contribution!

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Thanks for the kind words...

Spud's great contribution was in offering a "safer" method to enter short term trades.... He states in his "Escalator to Pips" Manual, "If you have been following my journal entries in Forex Factory, you will notice that I

have been making extremely short term trades to capture small pips. This I have been doing to demonstrate the use of stochastics over multiple time frames. I also wanted to demonstrate that you can make low gain pip trades and make a consistent income from it."

I teach at the college level, full time, I love my job, and have no desire to sit by a computer all day to trade. I wanted to see if using the idea of looking ahead to longer time frames beyond the daily would provide that same measure of seeing the big picture... just in a period of 4 -6 weeks per trade and reversal, rather than 4 - 6 trades per day!

So in answer to your questions...

1.  Correct... It really is a weekly trade system, using the daily for entries only after the weekly stochastic is established in the OB/OS territory... the daily Stoch or BH Ergodic indicator I posted earlier acts as the trigger only at those OB/OS times... I try to ignore it during the middle of the run.

2. Actually I wrote a post on Aug 25th entitled "Weekly Swing Update", http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...06#post1558606 , Where I posted a chart showing me going long on the GBP/USD... I am still long, even though the BH ERgodic has headed south as the weekly stoch is still in mid range, not in OB/OS territory.  This is where I need the faith and patience the Weekly Stochastic helps reinforce.

Agreed on the Snake Force Indicator!  It does repaint... it is great for back testing but beware using it going forward.

So... Really what I am relying on is the Weekly Stochastic.  Everything else contributes noise...  When I see the weekly go into OB/OS territory, only then do I pay attention to daily indicators to help as a trigger for reversals from long to short and the reverse.

I agree about the potential for large draw downs... In back testing, the worst case I found going back on the Cable has been 150 pips.  As a simplified money management plan, I would trade 1 lot for each $5,000 of balance...  and no stops!  Mind you, this is on a demo account for now.  I want to run this forward for at least 6 months before I risk actual funds.

This is still a work in progress!  All comments are welcome!

Good trading!

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Thanks for answering my questions jnevins

Well, I will try your method but trading only in daily chart (weekly is too much and very risky to me) once I have a confirmation from weekly stoch. I mean that if weekly stoch is OB or OS then I will trade with daily stoch only if daily stoch is also OB or OS in the same place and crossed the 80/20 point. While I see daily stoch going right to my desired direction without curving so much, then I will stay in that trade but the important point here is when to exit:

I will exit the position in daily watching candle patterns (double top/button, hammer, spinning top...), support and resistances in high-low important points or simply raising the SL when I am gaining more than 100-150 pips, it can reverse only 100-150 to exit (or trailing the trade). The 28 EMA in daily chart also has a great indication to reverse, many more if it happens in an important point or candle pattern that it's also indicating a reverse (or even in fibonacci 50%), as it has been stated in a different trading method. If the daily stoch reach the other OB/OS zone I will exit the trade, in this case it would be the perfect trade.

Do you exit only when your weekly stoch is OB or OS again?, as you know stoch can reverse in every moment to the opposite direction and it can make you lose a lot of pips trading in weekly.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
I am testing now both methods at once, and I see that stochs with 14,3,3 is more reliable trading with weekly/daily.

In my broker I see eur/usd overbought in weekly with this stoch and in daily it's also OB and lines crossed, but stoch has not crossed the 80 point downwards in daily yet.

Watching Fozzy method (daily) I see that eur/usd has not crossed in the RSI 8 with ema 8 inside (it's flat). So, both methods could agree in this point. I must check what will happen in some days

But if I use stochs 5,3,3 then I see in daily that it has crossed the 80 point downwards and it could be a fake signal yet opening a short position. Who knows...

I will trade in a demo account with both methods, perhaps we could join them in a long term strategy.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Hi guys,

Can you tell me please how can I plot stochs on the price chart and MA on Stoch chart ?

Thanks

Regards

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
Hey Guys,

I was a close follower when Spud generously gave his time to this thread, and I stayed with it while he mentored each and every one of us on the specific details of his methods. No doubt, MTF Stochastics, with experience, can be a terrific method of trading. Spud was a great teacher and mentor, but he has obviously -- and sadly -- vanished from the scene. Hopefully he will return one day, but until he does, I'd like to continue to learn as much as I can. And, believe, me, I still have a great deal to learn.

I've begun to lose interest in this thread (as I suspect from the lack of participation here, that many others have, as well), mainly because the focus  here has dramatically shifted from TRADING with MTF Stochs, to running all kinds of supplemental indicators, writing brilliant code, endless EA's, auto-systems, and the like, but I personally don't prefer this route for my own trading experience. The current direction of the thread just seems to be way off-topic for me, though I certainly understand and respect the interest of others in these peripheral discussions.

However, I'd like to gain a better grip on the actual trading process itself, and I truly want to learn the more subtle nuances of the MTF Stochastic methodology, so that I can become a better, more efficient -- and successful -- trader. This is not to say there is anything wrong with all the other stuff; I'm just saying that for me, personally, I'd like to get back to refining the core methodology.

With that in mind, I'd like to suggest to others who may feel similarly, that we start either a brand new thread, or begin a more interactive trading or chat group (either on this site or elsewhere), specifically focused on How to Trade MTF Stochs. We could participate all day long if we like, and share our thoughts, charts, entries/exits, offer heads-up alerts regarding possible upcoming trades, figure out what we're doing wrong (and right!), and generally help each other to become better and more successful traders for the long term.

It would be more of a "purist" group, not so involved in cluttering up our screens with endless auto-pilots and mechanical indicators (except, of course, for the most common basic pivot points, S&R lines, and perhaps a few MA's) so that we can concentrate on seriously honing our trading skills and learning how to utilize MTF Stochastics effectively (if not exclusively), in order to add many more pips to our daily diets.

Anyone else interested in doing this with me?

Thanks for reading!

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Jeff,

Count me in. I feel pretty much the same as you. I have not stop using MTF Stoch in its pure form except I use Cornflower's by Lever to help me visually with the trend.

Thanks for the initiative

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
Thanks Moneda,

I've also played with Cornflower but, despite all the raves, I have yet to make one CF trade go my way! That said, I very much like her style and appreciate her adherence to the core method.

I will open the new thread later today, and we'll see where it goes...

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Hi All,

I've started a new thread devoted to refining our knowledge of MTF Stochastics.

It's located at http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...57#post1651557

Please stop by to say "hi."

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
the mtf trader room in http://www.tradingrooms.com/ is still there.....

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
I've looked in a few times but never seem to find anyone there. Could you please tell me what's the best time/s to participate in the trading room etc...

Thanks,

Sage.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Good stuff k2kv

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Anyone got latest update from spudfyre new forex trading system ?

Just curious.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Anybody know what happen to Spud or why he is not posting anymore?

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
I think maybe he is busy with other things...

i dont know...for me i am busy studying forex :-)

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Sorry if this has been asked B4, but since the orig rules has something about never entering a LONG trade without both 30M 5,3,3 %K and %D being above 20 and moving up, is there an audible alert indicator for just %D crossing up over 20 or crossing down 80? This would be the heads up alert to check your charts. Is there such a beast? Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Depends on which platform you are using and what their user options are.  Check your help files.  Most systems have some sort of alert, either audible or  a pop up window and you can set it for certain criteria.  Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
hi there spud

i'm new in forex andppl alway talk about stochastics and i i don't have idea about it.

do u have any doc or website to understand more about this stochastic???

Regard

anand

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Hi, I m using Spuds method to trade live. It is very successful and I have blogged all of my trades at http://www.investkris.blogspot.com. Feel free to PM me about my trades. Please post some comments about my trades so that I can learn more about this wonderful method.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
I read your blog and i saw that you usually enter long when both 15/30 stochs are going upwards, 5 to fine tune the entry and 1h/4h are at high level.

Am i right?

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
So far most of my trades are elastic trades, where the 2 biggest stochs are already at the overbought or oversold region. Thus only the 15/30min stoch deviate away from those regions and then when they are going back to that regions, I place an order.

However, I have made 2 trades that are based on all 4 stochs going the same direction. And they have netted me even higher profits.

What I have observed is that when the stochs are closer together, the more stochs closer, the more the profits.

I will update my blog again soon to include the 2 trades which boosted my account to 4k alr.

So far, I have only suffered one lost, about 40pips lost. This was due to the stochs not being close together. Thus I think it is safest to only enter when 3 stochs are close together.

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
kris, do you have a template posted?

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
is there a template for this system?

thanx

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
hi CEO,

thanks for Stoch Alert indicator, but could help me with working e-mail alert too?

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Just want to thank Spud for this system.

Hope he is doing well and will reappear some day on this forum.

I am practicing his technique on my demo account.

Happy New Year to all.

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Hi can any one tell me if an EA has been produced & is it profitable ?

Nigtpipper

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Not that I know of. Sorry to disappoint.

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Yes, I made one quite some time ago and no, it wasn't profitable.  So I deleted it.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
I've been working thru this thread since last Wednesday and all I can say is that it's a Godsend!  It works..finally something that produces consistent results.  One question though.  When we look at MTF's and include the daily with the 15m/30/1hr/4hr, are we looking at the daily "candle-trend" or the daily Stochs since the stochs can go up while the overall candle trend is down.  Someone please let me know. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
First I would like to thank Spudfyre for his most excellent trading method.  Originally I found this thread, read through it, had some success with it and then left.

Why?

Well, I was a complete noob and totally impatient.

I mean, who wants to wait around for the sun, moon and the heavens to all align just for a few pips??

Well after blowing my first account (cough!) and trying out several other methods and failing miserably with them, I've come back to the only system that has worked for me so far.

Here is a trade I took today, nothing spectacular, just good steady pips.

When I entered the trade, the 15m stoch was already to the 80 and the 30m was  just past halfway towards the 80.  I might have been able to get in earlier but the 30 had bounced around a bit, so their was some indecision on my part as to which way it was going to go.

GBP/USD

Entry was at the Green Horizontal Line:  1.9699

Exit at the Red Horizontal Line: 1.9724

(Spread Included)

Pips Profit: 25

Took An Earlier trade for +7 Pips

Made my 20 for the day and 12 for the pip bank.

Ron.

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Good job Ron.  Glad it worked out for you. I completely understand what you mean about being impatient. Learning patience was the hardest thing for me. Once I got that under control, I started to win consistently.  Luckily I didn't blow my account before I did but came real close to doing so. There is so much discipline involved in trading it's unbelievable.  My goal is to become a fulltime trader and I wish you all the best.

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Go to Trading Systems in  FF , look for
Trading MTF STochastics Manual

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
The fact you do not hear from Spud speaks a lot about the success of his theory.  Stochastics is just one tool in an armory of tools you need to be successful in FOREX or stocks or futures or any other form of trading.  Don't stop here, get skills in stochs, get skills in elliot waves, get skills in candles, get skills in R:R, get skills in chart patterns, loose money learning, learn why you loose money, manage your money, train .... then come back and use Spuds theory as another tool when you need it.  MTF stochastics alone is good but it is not enough!

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Amen tenshi!

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
I would caution about making assumptions regarding Spud. I have not heard a specific and verifable reason why he is not here anymore. Maybe he made a bundle and retired to some Carribean island.  or may be he is not here for reasons other than "failed MTF Stochs."

As for MTF Stochs - from personal experience I have found this method to be very effective - more so than any other I have used. One has to figure out what works best for their tading style. Using MTF Stochs along with keeping updated on news and fundies has been profitable for me. I have found that crowding my screen with too much stuff is self-conflicting. Many times multiple indicators and/or methods contradict each other.

Ultimately the one tool that has served me well is FOCUS.

(Foundational Observations Consistent with Ur System)

No one can trade profitable without focus.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
have added this .tpl for any one who is interested. just a basic tpl of price in the upper pane and the mtf stochs down below.

Cheers,

Dean

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Hi, everyboday,

Any actived trading room available for this system? Need seniors to coach the juniors badly.

Thanks in advanced.

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
unfortunately this thread seems to have died.

very sad indeed.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
I agree, very sad. Spud disappeared a little over a year ago and the thread seems to have died without it's leader.

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Spud is the man that gave me the confidence i needed to do this for a living.

i feel so lost without him now.

Spud if youre reading this somehow... please come back. i need you in my life. i am so empty inside. i cant go on without you.

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Wow Ayaz...I hope for your sake (and mine) that Spud will return.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
This is a very solid system introduced by Spud. I too hope he will return to guide the newer members.

Spud, if you are reading I would like to thank you for giving me a good tool to trade.

Harry

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Hey Ayaz and guys, is this the only method you guys trade?  I've tried 30 trades using this method and only lost two.  I love it.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
no question about it.  This method works.  You have to pay attention, of course, to what its doing, but it works.  This or some variation of it is all I use.

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Has anyone tried using the MTF method on the longer time frames, as in trading the daily charts? Spud made a reference to it in one of his earlier posts but said you needed deep pockets for the drawdowns.

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
I have considered the possiblity of the daily as my main time frame, but have ruled it out for myself.  It is not that I do not thing will work.  For me the difficulty is the waiting.  I think this may be true for most short term traders that they want to see profit in hand more often.

However, it may actually be more profitable to trade the daily using MTF Stoch because the signals tend to be more consistent.  That just my take on it.

You still need to be aware in any time frame whether price is trending or ranging.

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Very true, Kudzu. Thanks for your input.

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
I tend to stick with the 15m/30m/1h/4h setups. I won't do the day charts because of the drawdown issue. Timing it right on the original setups gets you in with very little drawdown. Actually, I think the most I've ever had to suffer through was -15pips.  For example, I took a usdjpy trade last night using the 15m/30/1h/4h setup, max dd was -8 pips and closed with +60pips profit.  For me to change what I'm doing to go for more would really be greed.   Hope all you guys are having successful trades. Even though London was closed today, I still saw some pretty good moves. Did anyone else get in on some of these?

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
what's your stoch settings on each timeframe?  This may be why my EA for this failed.

Along w/ crappy exit rules.

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
I've gone back and forth on different settings. I've settled back with the 14,3,3 but on "close" instead of "high/low".  Just picked up +26 on eurusd.

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
here is the trade i just took. I went short at the yellow vertical line. it's really kinda hard to make a big loss when every single tf is telling you what direction the trend is going.

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Now as I see the 4hr continuing to fall, the 1hr is flat, and the 30m has turned down,  I'm expecting the retrace on the 15m to end soon around the pivot point and turn and head back down to resume the trend.  I'll be looking to go short right then.

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Alright. Price came up to the pivot and reversed as expected. The 15m and 30m have crossed 80 with the 15m turning back down. I'm expecting the 30m to follow. If it does, they will both pull the 1hr down with them. I'm in wait and see mode. No need to rush it, going watch "Deal or no deal" to pass the time

Edit**: Nix the sell.  The stochs are all going different directions so I'll go on a hunt for another pair.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
When im looking for a setup in accordance with the Escalator to pips strategy, (all 4 timeframes moving up from below 20 or down from above 80,) I find that by the time the 4h crosses, the 15m is already pinned at the other end. Meaning when the 4h crosses the 20 on a long, the 15m is already pinned up 80, and often the 30m is as well, and the 1hr isnt far off either.

It makes finding a setup pretty rare indeed. Am I doing somethign wrong?

Do you guys notice the same thing?

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
You will not find many trading opportunities if you wait for all 4 TFs to line up.  They will be good ones though that you can usually ride for good pips.

What I do most often is find agreement on at least 2 TFs  (usually the 15 adn 30) to enter and then I watch to see if the other TFs pull in line.  The idea behind the escalator is to ride the pips up to higher TFs as long as they are in agreement.

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
KudzuFX,

It's funny that you say that. I had just decided last night to go with the 15/30 when it lines up with the direction of the 4h.  If I wait for all four to line up, then I do miss out on a lot of trades. I'm finding the 15m/30m/4h to work pretty good. In fact, I've taken the 1h stoch completely off of my charts. I'll keep working with it this way and let you all know how it works out.

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
good work.

I have also noticed that each pair works the MTF Stochs in a disctinct way from other pairs.  To the novice trader all stochs look like random squiggly lines on the charts - kinda like squirting mustard on your hotdog - that's just the way it comes out of the bottle.

Well, when you spend alot of chart time in front of a certain pair without even taking a trade you sense behavioral nuiances of the mtf stochs for that pair.  You cannot teach this very well in written form.  When you experience these nuiances in real time for yourself you get a 6th sense about the stochs.  This is priceless information that resides in both the mind and the pschye of the trader.

best wishes.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Wow, great words of wisdom Kudzu.

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
Well hopefully most of us can keep this thread alive and well. There is a ton of great info that I think a lot of new traders are missing out on!

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Excellent post! What you described is essentially the difference between Method I- Basic Momentum Stochastic Trading, and Method 2 - Escalator to Pips.

I agree, Method I happens all day long, and although it requires more attention and extra analysis, it can indeed be used successfully. I have made some mistakes with it, but overall its profitable. Method 2 is rare indeed, but is as close to foolproof as it gets!  Spud definately hit a home run with this one.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
George Lane who originally designed the Stoch indicator for daily stock and/or commodity trading built it on the premise of what I call "tendency." He concluded after math analysis that price "tends" to close near their past highs (bull trend) or lows (bear trend). The Stoch or any other indicator would only be helpful once in a blue moon if "tendency" in our human existence did not exist. (if that were the case the only tendency would be pure randomness. If that were the case then we would not be posting, blogging or even trading.)

In fact, despite the appearance of randomness in price "tendency" does exist.  Tendency shows up in all areas of living.

People tend to shop at the store or mall that is closest to them. Remember, "if you build it they will come."  Advertisers know that people tend to respond better in groups.  This is the tendency of the tribe.  The same for the most part is true with price. Price tends to reach for a close that is typically of its current direction.

Of course, eventually the current direction will change, but the "tendency" will simply continue in a different direction.

The value of the MTF SToch is that it helps the trader observe the degree of "tendency."  It is not fool proof, but is it a good barometer.

If traders can get both a psychological and empirical hold on the significance of "tendency" then they will know how to use the Stoch to their best advantage. The novice trader is mostly looking for a cross over of the K and the D. That of course is neat and tidy on the chart, but it does not mean anything significant over the long term on a single time chart.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Sorry for the noob question and I have read most of this thread.  But would it be valid to wait until the stochs on the 15M, 30M and 1H line up and take a trade when they do?   Or even the 5M, 15M and 30M?

I know that the 4Hr was the key TF in this approach but for short term trades wondered if smaller TFs would also be effective.

thanks

Sandy

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
What I usually do is one of two things:

A - wait for the 15M to turn over the 80/20 line along with either the 1H or the 30M (this set up I use for a short quick 5 to 30 pips)

or

B - wait for the 4H to turn over the 80/20 line when the 15M does (this set up can lead to long pips runs of 50 plus) It is even better if the 4H has agreement with at least two of the lower TFs.

Even if you get a good signal on either option the trick is to enter at the right spot. Entering at the right price helps calm the psycho side of trading. I find it hard to hold on when price goes against me right away.

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Thanks Kudzu I'll give that a try.  MTF stochs make so much sense but waiting for that 4H to turn really slows down the possible trades.   But I agree on the timing of the entry.  I also don't like the immediate dip once I buy lol.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
I use mtf stochs in the following way. I place trades when the 30 (gold) and 1hr (dark green) line up or down when moving past 20 and 80 respectively and then pay attention to the trades, most of the time you can bang out 30-100 pips per trade, and if the 4hr (red) and daily line up you can ride the pip train for days some times. I also use the stoch ropes on the same chart, I like the added color. The other indicator on the attached chart is the alligator, you don't trade when the alligator lines are tight together.  Th alligator tends to keep you out of crappy trades where price does not really go anywhere.  To me this is the simplest and most effective way to trade and be profitable.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Hi Endroute,

Thanks for sharing. What is the para settings you used for the alligator?

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
13,8,5

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Endroute have you found any alerts that accurately signal the crossing of the 30  aand 1 hour ?  Or do you prefer to just watch the chart?

Thanks   Sandy

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
I wish I could find alerts to accurately signal confluence of stochs accross timeframes, but have not found anything.  I trade between 4am eastern time about 10 or 11 am and just look at the charts every hour to see if there are any good setups.

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Thanks again.  I've looked at a lot of stoch alerts and haven't found one that works the way I'd like it to either.

Sandy

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
I'm so glad to see everyone chiming in! That's great.  Well so far my 15m/30m/4hr setup is working just fine. I'm not seeing anything dramatic in the way of change since I've taken the 1hr off my charts.  I've lost 3 out of my last 10 trades last week. One of them was due to me jumping in too early when I had a pretty good feeling that I should've waited. The other two were just bad trades. Don't know what happened there to tell you the truth. Both were slingshot trades where the 4h/30m were oversold and I was trading the 15m back to the oversold when it all turned around and went back up. I closed out at -30pips on both.  No biggie I guess.  I'm in Dallas so everything is CST for me. I placed a trade at 3:00AM today on eurjpy and grabbed a quick +29pips. I may be wrong but it seems like it's SO much easier to follow the trend BEFORE the New York session opens.

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
You are so true on that last part. I have never lost a trade with Method 2. I just get impatient waiting.   One thing that popped out to me during a 11th review of this entire thread (yes 11 times read) was that Spud said to pay attention to your stochs because price will make you think you've made the wrong decision. And that is so true..i've been burned by that so many times. Now I just watch my stochs to see if they're telling me to get out. This morning was an example when I was down -18pips and a few minutes later +20.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Hi jdcompute,

How did you place all stochs with different time frame in one window?

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
which time frame best suited to stochs?

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
I can't answer for all but I tend to stick with 15m/30m/1h charts.

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
It's an indicator found in this thread. Click on the paperclip and select the #MTF Stochastic 2.0. Then drag it on to your chart. Then drag another three of them right on top of the first one.

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Hi.   I have been trading MTF on (1m/5m/15/30m)  time frame with good success on EUR/USD.  I do have a question.  I have been using 5,3,3 setting but wondered if 14,3,3 setting is better (spud seemed to switch back and forth)   I also saw someone like the 8,3,3.  Or maybe it makes no difference.  Any thoughts?   Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
JD, when you are entering a trade using the 4hr stoch, do you wait for the 4hr candle to close to confirm the direction of the stoch and then look for an entry on the 15m and 30 min?

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Yes I do. I think Spud mentioned that we always trade on candle closes until you get better at reading the stochs. Some of the other guys, feel free to chime in and tell us how you guys do it.

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
I'm using 5,3,3 and 14,3,3. I alternate actually. I find that the 5,3,3 gets you in on the action quicker but the trend may not be truly established. While you may have to wait a bit longer for the 14,3,3, it's normally more reliable.

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
I am a 14,3,3 kind of guy, I would rather wait just a bit for the confirmation.  I typically trade only the 1hr and the 5min (if nothing exciting is going on the 1hr), and I trade typically when only when the 30 and the 1hr are very close together, I mean like makin love close.  I don't pay too much attention to the 4hr and daily except that if they all agree I increase my # of lots and hang on.   You can knock out hella pips this way.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Thanks jd!

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Hi jd, I must say kudos to u for trying to keep the thread alive. Can u pls post chart(s) for me to see where u are right now. I will appreciate it alot.   Thanks.  Nerry.

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
A deep understanding here Kudzu... great post!

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Does anyone know what moved the yen pairs so much today? I've taken in 200+ pips alone on eurjpy and another 150+ on audjpy.  I'm curious because I don't see anything on the news calendar.

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Hi jdcompute,  Could you post your chart pls, and share with us where is yr entries and exists.  Kindly keep on posting the charts with comments, this definitely be helpful to the newbie  here, at least for me.  Thanks in  advanced.  rey

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
I did not watch the yen pairs closely today, but having seen this in the past I assume that it is the carry trade realigning itself across the markets.  Since the 6th of August the G/U has dropped 2500 pips.  With talk of the Sterling cutting its rate the carry trade is cash out.

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
I will do so as often as I can and as time permits.

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
I'll have to read up a little more about the carry trades since that's something I know very little about. Also, I wanted to ask you if you trade for a living? I'm working my way towards trading for a living. I have a 12-18 month timeframe for myself right now.  Been at this for a little over a year now.

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Hi JD

no i don't trade for a living - yet. however, i have found Spud's MTF Stoch methods to be the most profitable for me. I know of other traders who use entirely different methods and indicators successfully, yet this gives me a handle on price and market momentum better than anything I've discovered yet. The main reason I am not trading with sustainable cash flow yet is capitalization. I am slowly building up. It takes alot of patience to grow so you have a smooth equity curve.  I HATE drawdowns.

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
I'm with you on that. I have found the MTF approach to be the most reliable and profitable for me.  As far the drawdowns, I hate them as well. On the 15m charts, I don't go more than -15 or -20 before I call it quits on a trade.

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Hello Endroute,

Many thanks for sharing the info that you have. Would you mind sharing your exit strategies?

Regards,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Have you guys been doing any trading lately? I've had a good run today but a not so good run on yesterday.

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Alright guys..I've been making a lot of pips lately using the MTF strategy. Here is a potential setup right before the London open. I'm looking for a possible rubberband trade with the 15m trading back into the rest of the stochs.

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
3 minutes until the next candle close and it looks like things are setting up for a rubberband trade back into the other stochs. I'm not sure if I'll target more than 10 quick pips since it's right up against a resistance line.

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
I grabbed an easy +45 pips off of that trade. It'll probably go up a bit more but I'm tired..it's 2:17AM Dallas time over here and I'm ready to turn in.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Very nice

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
EURUSD looks poised to make a further move up as there is some divergence that's showing on the daily timeframes.  More bad economic news from the U.S. will just further fuel it.  Everyone keep an eye out for long positions..

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
I normally don't trade on Sunday nights but I couldn't resist this one. Grabbed a quick +30 pips on this one. I took the trade at the lime green vertical line.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
jdcompute, do you trade exclusively on the 15M TF? If so, do you go down to the 5M or 1M to fine-tune your entries or do you stick with purely the 15M chart?

I find the 15M extremely tradeable on great trending days like last Friday, but on choppier days like today moves seem to be almost over by the time the 15M chart provides a signal

Cheers

Andy

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
I trade from the 15-minute chart alone. From time to time, I'll go down to the 5-minute chart to time an entry once I get a signal from the 15-minute chart though. Actually, I make pips off this system day in and day out.

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Do you find the system still effective in a trading range?

I can see how effective the system would be during strong trends, of course it's impossible to know you're in a trend until it's at least partly formed.

How do you find the system performs when you think a trend is underway but it merely turns out to be the top or bottom of a trading range?

Thanks

Andy

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
I see the 4hr starting to fall and the 15m has pulled away a good bit from the rest. I'm betting that this will be a trade back down in an hour or so. I'll keep my eyes on it.

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
I find it works pretty well when I'm trading. I pay close attention to pivots/support/resistance. No matter what opinions you get, pivots are real, support and resistance lines are very real. As for the range, as long as there's a wide enough range, I trade it. I just make sure I'm on the right side of the wave (up or down) when it's moving.

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
I went short at the vertical line for a quick +20 pips.

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Hello i once followed this thread. Something happened i lost the customized indicator i download from this thread. can someone please help me with the page i can download them from. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
I am not sure which one you want since there are several indicators.  find the paper clip at the top right of this page and you will find several indicator attachments.

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Kudzu, how's it going my friend?  All this negative news from the U.S. is helping me to grab some serious pips but man, do you have to be careful. This market whips around the other direction in a blink of an eye.  Hope everyone is doing well.  Guys, post some charts, ask some questions..as they say in the corporate world, "Let's get some dialogue going"

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Alright this pair seems to be my new cash cow as of late  Price has retraced to the 38.2 fib level and will probably turn back down. I'm stalking it..

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
please advice which ones you use.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
yes, it is fun to watch. I'm on the sidelines right now because I have major projects at the office I am focusing on. I've learned the hard way to not trade when the mind is distracted. I do better when my mind can process all the trading data in the moment without any other major concerns.

good luck with your trades. watch out for those whips

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
it is always a struggle to switch from trend to range.  this is why multiple time stochs work so well.  you can tell in the higher TFs when price is trending for the most part.  The mtf stochs are good at showing high probability turning points in trend to range and visa versa.

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
4hr seems nailed to the floor.  We may see the 15m/30m turn back down and bring the 1hr with them down to the 4hr.  I'm in wait and see mode as usual

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Successful trade..closed out at +60 because I'm going to bed.

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
are you using Boxing's stoch set up or is that some variation of Spud's?

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Spuds, my friend

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
Just be careful, because the MTF stochastic lags.

If you plot in 15min TF the 1hour stochastic with MTF, you have to shift the 1hour MTF 3 bars to the right. The 240min stoch you have to shift the MTF 240min line 15bars to the right.

Its because the time of the bar is in MetaTrader bound to the open, and not to the close. Compare the charts and you will see.

Pay attention to this, because this could be very misleading at manual backtesting with the MTFstoch indicator.

This problem have all versions of MTF indicators.

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
not sure which indicator you are looking for.

try clicking on the paper clip at the top right of the page to select from several.

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Are you talking about version 1.0 or version 2.0 of the indicator?

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Alright, look at this trade setup. You see the 15m/30m/1hr now pointing down but it's right up against a pivot line. I've learned not to mess with those. The 4hr is flat. I've already picked up +15 pips trading the 15m/30m down but I don't feel good about it anymore. I'm waiting on the 15m/30m to turn back up and pull the 1hr up with them or the 15m may cycle up a bit and then come back down with the 30m/1hr together. This is a pattern I've seen before. We'll see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
30m candle has closed and now the 15m is oversold and turning up a bit. The 30m is now in oversold with the 4hr still flat but slightly trending up and the 1hr is falling but not as fast as the others. I'm still undecided as to direction as of yet but it looks to me as if the 15m/30m will turn up and push the 1hr up as well on its trek up. But since we don't know, we wait. I'll probably take the trade if the 15m/30m come from out of oversold and start heading up since the 1hr is slow to update.

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
I'm up +22 at the moment.

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
please just tell one you use. there are several indicators there. thanks.

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
We use the MTF Stochastic v2.0

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
I'm talking about all versions of MTF stochastic (i dont find the correct one yet).

The problem is, that 14:00 bar on 15 min TF is in reality bar which closed at 14:15.
So 12:00 bar on 240 min TF is in reality 15:45 bar on 15min TF.

It's really stupid, I know, I dont know why MetaTrader was programed this way, but look on the charts and you will see for yourself.

But anyway MTF strategy is great and if you take only the best signals (1-2/day) you have like 90% accuracy.

Maybe someone could reprogram the MTF indicator to the right way, i'm not programmer unfortunately.

On the pictures the thick blue stoch is the 1h stoch.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
I'm not entirely sure of what you're saying but if you read through the entire thread and all of the posts, you'll see that we've covered all of that sort of stuff already.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
well, i read the thread, but Spuds post only... but anyway, if this stuff is covered already, why the MTF indicators are not repaired yet?

I'm not entirely sure of what you're saying...

Well, look on charts, the time values you see down on the horisontal line are not times of closing of the bar, but OPENING the bar.

So 15min bar at 14:00 means BAR WHICH OPENS AT 14:00 AND CLOSES AT 14:15.

So, if you on 15min chart wont to see closing of the 12:00 bar of the 4h timeframe, you have to go to the right and look on the 15:45 bar. ( which opens at 15:45 and closes at 16:00) BECAUSE 12:00bar on the 4HOUR chart OPENS at 12:00 bud CLOSES at 16:00.

Take a look on charts, you will see what i'm saying.

But the MTF indicator referst to the opening values. So the peak (according to previous pictures) at 15:00 on 1Hchart is not at 15:00 on the 15min chart but its at 15:45 bar.

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Please post some specific examples. I've been spending some time looking at individual charts and those with the MTF Version 2.0 on them and can't really see any specific discrepancies. I'm not saying that they are, but only that I don't see any. I know that Spud had some concerns but later the indicator was fixed and proved to reflect the correct information.

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
As I look on your charts, you have same MTF indicator as me. So open any chart and look on the last (not finished yet) bar. And look down on the time on the time axis. - you will see this time is reffering to the opening of the bar, not close of the bar. And all other bars too.

Then go to the 60min TF and find some nice sharp top or bottom of the 60min stochastic. Write down the time of the bar and closing value of the bar.

Then go to the 15min TF and find there this top/bottom of the 60min MTF stochatic line. Right, now you see, the time of the bar is the same.

But same doesnt means correct! Look on the closing value of this bar!

Yes, its different. Because the closing value of the 60min bar lies 3 bars to the right. Check it!

So. If on the 60min TF the stoch has bottom at 14:00 and then you look in the 15min TF, the bottom of the 60min stoch is on the 14:00 bar too. BUT, it schould be on the 14:45 bar. Closing value of the 14:00 60min TF is the same as the closing value of the 14:45 15min TF bar. Check it!

Why? Because 14:00 on the 60min chart means bar which OPENS at 14:00 and closes at 15:00.

And on the 15min TF at 14:45 is bar which OPENS at 14:45 and closes at 15:00.

Play with the charts and you will see, that the time values at MTF indicator are correct, but not the placing of stochatic lines. ALL stochatic lines of the higher timeframes schould be shifted to the right. How much? It depends on the timeframe.

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
Okay, can you tell me how I would shift them? is that possible? But like I said, that's been addressed in the thread. The 1hr stoch in the MTF v.2.0 doesn't update everytime the 15m does, it only does it every hour as does the 4hr stoch. That's why they have clocks on them telling you when the current candle ends and the next one will start. So based on that, we're always trading on candle closes.

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
well, I think there is no way how to shift the MTFstoch lines. Only way is reprograming this indicator, probably.You are right, we are trading bar closes, so if we are trading real-time, there should be no problem.

The only problem arises with manual backtesting - because results could look on charts better then actualy are.

Interesting thing is that the same problem arises if you will plot vertical line on you chart in higher TF and when you move to the lower TF, the vertical line is not in the right place too (its moved left too, to the opening time, but the stochastic is computed at closing time, so in backtesting its looks like the stochastic made the signal couple of bars earlier. Again, try it on charts and wach the closing prices.

But anyway, even if we look on charts the right way (= always shifting the higher TF lines in your mind to the right),  the MTF strategy is very profitable and interesting, especially if you take only the best signals = higher TF move first, all lines goes in the same way, only 15min stoch makes pullback and then turns back.

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Columbino,

Is this a phenomenon of the MTF stochastics v2.0 indicator or the platform.  I try to do what you said in your last post, ie: I have the regular 5 stoch on my H1, when it crosses, I go up to 4H and check the regular 5M stoch there for support, then drill down to the 15H and wait for the best entry, or some times even the M5 entry as described in the stochastic secrets thread.  Does changing the chart periodicity and checking the regular stochastic indicator rather than putting multiple MTF stochastic v2.0 indicators on a single chart solve the problem?  Yes this is confusing!

For JDCompute,

I see your posts on a lot of stocahstic threads.  I'm on a mission of spritual enlightenment to find the stochastic Nirvana, hence I lurk in the same threads.  I have printed out and read both entire threads of Spudfyre and Boxingislife (yes its several binders full) and although the latter is "easier" I think the one more likely to pick a winning trade is to do it as I described above.  What is your favorite method?  I have other questions for you, but they are trading in general and not pertaiining to this thread so how can I ask you without clogging up this thread?  Thansk.

FW

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
actualy, I'm just going to read through those thick boxingislife ideas threads.

The idea behind looks to be similar to the Spuds.

Is it worth it? Is it more profitable?:-)

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Perhaps I should've said that at the beginning, sorry. But yes when trading live, it all works out fine if we trade on the candle closes as Spud advised.

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
I'm by far no trading expert but I'd be more than willing to help you in anyway that I can. You can PM me if you'd like. I'll answer as soon as I can. I'm on the forums all day and night actually, during the week and pretty much check it throughout the day on the weekends.

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Oh Boxing's method is indeed worth it and profitable. It's more "graphical" than Spud's method. However, both are extremely profitable.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
sorry to bother you again. mtf stochastic does not show on my chart like your. please can you just make a template of you chart and attach, this will make it easier for me. THANKS

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Attached File(s)   4mtfstochastic.tpl

5 KB
|
550 downloads

I think this is the template originaly posted by Spud.

jdccompute: thanks for reply.

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
look at this too.....Spud made this thread just for this purpose. It is complete with the template, indicator and instructions on how to install.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=37176

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
Alright. I was tempted to jump in a little early thinking I knew that the 30m stoch would turn up but I waited. So when the 30m candle closed, I put in a buy order and made a quick +22 pips and got out since it's right up against a resistance line. I dunno why people spend their time saying that indicators don't work. They work for me and for countless others.  To each his own is what I say.  By the way, I entered at the yellow arrow.  Things may continue to go up for awhile since the stochs are going into overbought but I'm not entering again for right now. If there is a continued move up, the 15m will most likely come back down for a bit leaving the other stochs overbought which will leave us an opportunity to ride a slingshot trade back up to the other stochs. But if the others start to fall closely with the 15m as it moves down, I'll just sit and get ready for a nice short down.  We shall see  Good trading to all..and let's get those pips in the bank this week guys!! Let's make Spud proud since he's back

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Good job jdcompute~

I was looking at the same entry as you, but I was scared to be patient to get enough profit. I got just 2pips and out!

But, its OK as long as I got some profit

Do you mind posting your Pivot Indicator?

It seems pretty cool.

I`m so glad Spud is back

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Here you go. And I'm glad he's back as well.  Hey, 2 pips is better than nothing..as long as it's not negative.

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Thanks a lot!

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Here's a potential trade. It's late in the day so I'll probably only target 10 or 12 pips and then get out unless I see a move.

I didn't like the way the stochs were acting so I passed on the trade. Looking for better setups tonight.

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Wow great to see this thread going again. Will be watching with interest

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Great. Is this the system that you trade or are you using something else?

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Well I spent a good few months trying this out a while ago and I really liked it and made some pips but these days I have ditched the indicators I just didn't like the way the stochs seemed to sometimes "lie" or repaint I guess.

Anyway I might have another go at it as obviously theres some people here having some success.

I liked someones comment earlier about how it is a good way to guage momentum. In my current system the entries are great but I would like a better way of guaging when to take profits and maybe this could be a good way to do that.

Anyway keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Call me old school, but I prefer to have multiple time frames on my screen rather than using indicators....I can see the stoch movement much better.  I prefer to use the indicators as a quick summary of market status.

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
I agree.  The stochs show me the overall picture at a glance, much easier to read.  The MTF approach is the only system I've tried that works for me consistently.  Spud, have you ever used the Andrews Pitchfork or Schiff forks in your trading?

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Hello all,

Have found a very good use for stochs. I just discovered this MTF thread, so I thought i'd share it here.

Pretty simple. I use the daily as my main trend gauge. Price must be trading below 50 SMA and well, MA should be trending downward approx 20 degrees (If you have to think hard to yourself if it is trending, then its not.  )

When 4 hour and 1hour stochs is overbought, almost certainly, it's a great place to start hunting for shorts.

--> Btw, Does anyone have a MTF stochs indicator w overbought/oversold alert?

Eg: as above when 4 hour and 1 hour OB/OS there's a sound/window alert.

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Spudfyre how long did it take you to make seven figures starting out with just $2000/-

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
I trade a lot using S/R and PA and use stochs to help pick/time my entries, and also use stochs to help time entries on pull backs (rubber band trades).  I have to say this is by far the best way to trade and I have tried them all, I especially love the rubberband trades as they are usually good for some pretty safe pips, anyone catch that 600 pipper gbp trade from last night?

I trade using the 25,2,3 and 5,3,3 stochs on the 1hr and 15min charts.

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
I've tried a variety of other tools and continue to dable...but I find that one can dable across the entire indicator universe and start to get lost in endless mazes of ideas.

I did use Andrews Pitchfork and varieties of other pitchforks in trading, but found consistent issues with them and after a while left them out of my tool kit.

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Don't worry about how long it will take you.....work towards consistency..always consistency.  You have to learn how to make 10 pips a day, 20 pips a day...than add value to your pips when you know you can consistently earn 10 pips every day.  If you can train yourself to do that than you control exactly how long it will take you.

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
I'm obviously completely bias with Stochastics...but you are right.  You can use MTF Stochastics as a regulator in the background to help you with any system you use.  I'd say if MTF Stochs are contradicting your system, it probably is a much higher risk entry than if they both agree

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Very good answer!!

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Crazy market this morning. I picked up +15 on eurusd and gave that back plus -20 more. Now it came back down 20 pips and hovering and looking like it wants to turn back up.

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Spud,

There is an opinion by some that the 14,3,3 settings get you into a trade too late while the 5,3,3 often whipsaws you. How did you settle on 14,3,3? I'm just curious.  Have you tried any other settings? I typically use 14,3,3 across the 15m/30m/1h charts.

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Spuds, et al

Can you guys look at these stochs on this trade that just bit me and took out my SL?

the lime green is the 5.3.3 for the current charts TF and the purple lines are 5.3.3 MTF stoch for the next higher TF (H4 is 4.3.3) My buy took place at the red vertical line.

All stochs were down at the time, but like within maybe a minute, the M15 made this v-shaped turn around that got my stop.  I'm thinking the M15 was perhaps a bit low to enter this trade anyway?

Anyway as I write this, the M15 has reached 80 and is curling down, so perhpaps a better opportunity?

thanks!

Spuds and MTF stochs are gread!

FW

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
I got bit by that one as well...still trying to figure out what happened there...

edit:  I take that back. I got bit by a usdjpy spike, not CAD.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
We're ranging right now...ugh!!!! ..at least eurusd and usdjpy are.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Look at that there chart

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
try to play with this one and change settings (like 14stoch,3ema).

Can move fast as 5,3,3 but without so many whipsaws.

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
This is what happens when you use the shorter period stochs, had you used the the 14.3.3 or some slower stoch you would never been in that trade, the only thing anyone should have been doing today with CAD is buying.  My advice to all is don't fight the trend unless you can read the stochs as well as you can read the paper, and even then its not usually work the risk.

Just by looking at the chart you should have seen that there was a definete uptrend.  Also use the the mtf stochs indicator so you can have all your different timeframe stochs in 1 window, it is so much easier to read.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Thanks endroute for that feedback, I appreciate it and the time you took.

FW

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
This pair is fast becoming a favorite of mine. It trends sooooo well once it's underway. The yen pairs I find move really fast and far but you have to be prepared for the quick moves on that one. This is like grandma..slow but steady  At one point I was down -40 pips but I had a good feeling that it would turn around and I stuck with it and came out with some good pips.

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Now here's a great start to a weekend. These two trades took approximately 3hrs to get to this level of profit.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
I normally don't trade on Sunday nights but things seem to be moving quite fine for the time being.  Up +65 so far on this one with max DD of -22.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Great work!

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Owe it to you for your tutoring

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
These are the only two pairs that I'm trading and they provide me with adequate trading all day and into the night. I have resolved to removing the amount of $$ that I'm winning/losing and just focus on pips gained/lost in the top window.

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
good point

i many times will switch to pips cause i think it gives me a better sense of price movement instead of watching dollars. it sounds spooky, but i can "feel" the price movement better when i an tuned in to my pips, daily range and pips per candle.

to the top of the mountain we go JD

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Indeed my friend and good to hear from you!  Contrary to the comments about 95% of traders failing and all the other stuff, I do believe that this market is predictable and that you can make consistent profits in this thing.  Of course the ONE thing I find that is the obstacle for all of us is discipline/self-control.  That alone is the killer or lack thereof actually. Working with Spud and you guys has helped me tremendously because I realize that if I have to be accountable (like posting charts and results) it will keep me from doing stupid things like trying to make a trade happen.

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
stupid stuff? yeah, we all have been guilty of that, but if we learn from our mistakes then we're making progress.

I tried many many indicators and EAs. I finally figured out that Stochs work.

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Agreed!

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
There were two decent buy points for mtf trades on the eurusd today. I'm thinking that the best plan is to wait for the h4 to turn down and look for another entry short this time, might not even be today. anyone...anyone...

Or maybe if the h4 continues north and the others pull back a bit, some possible slingshot action long?

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
did you take that trade?

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
New trader here, using FXCM.....

I dont have the RVI indicator and was hoping I could get some feedback

Thanks and good luck

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Sorry I don't have that indicator.

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
I've been riding this pair down all day. Now I'm ready for some uphill movement.

**Edit:  Good thing we're using MTF Stochs. although the 15m passed thru 20 and it looks like it found support for that move from the 30m, things turned back down for a little more movement. It pays to wait for confirmation from more timeframes. It would've been a stronger move if the 30m stoch would've passed thru 20 as well. For right now, I'm just sitting tight waiting for the trade to come to me.

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
grabbed that eur/usd long for a nice 65 pips...waiting for the stochs to realign once again for another upmove. hopefully it will happen with enough time left in the trading week!

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
Good job..I grabbed about +42 of those.

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
thank you all

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
All stochs are overbought. Waiting on a breakdown in price to go short.

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Just on price action, looks like it tried to break xx75 three times now and failed and is retracing, if it drops below the "shoulder" area around xx23 and the MTF stochs confirm, could be a big one down.  (its about time!)

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
I went long at the vertical line for a quick rubberband trade and what a trade it was

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Starting this week, 12/15/2008, I will begin posting my trades using Spud's MTF Stochastic system. I invite all to chime in with questions, comments, and suggestions.  I wish to express my sincere thanks to Spud for his contributions and to all others who have helped me in my journey of learning profitable forex trading.

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
hello jdcompute

Wich mtf indicator are you using ? can you post a template ?

I looking forward to see your trades next week i realy like this thread im glad somone start to post on this thread again.

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
JD it would be great if someone could come up with an indicator for elasticity like %change stochs>%change price that would alert you as that lower time frame stoch went downward.....cause it would clue you in to the possiblity of a slingshot upward. This concept was suggested on the other thread.

Good luck with MTF pipology I will watch along with you.

FW

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Alright, it's Sunday night and I'm looking at the charts. All the stochs on the eurusd are overbought. We'll see if we start to get a breakdown in price or if things will stay in the overbought range for a while.

**EDIT: Stochs turned down but price didn't follow too much so I passed on the trade. Waiting for another setup.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
It's Monday morning and this pair is moving upwards strongly. I will either wait for a retrace or for the 15M to pull away and ride an elastic trade back up.

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
So this is where the party is hey?

Nice posts JD keep them coming..

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
I knew the way things were trending today, that a short wasn't likely so I waited patiently for the elastic trade. As Spud says, after you watch these stochs for so long, you begin to pick up on what direction things are going to go but it's important not to act on the anticipated move until it really happens. I took this one at the red vertical line. I'm out now and I'm waiting for either another elastic trade or a short. I'm trying to make some quick XMas cash

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Hi JD just a question with your rubberband entry there....

THe 5m hasnt gone under 20 so (for me) theres no reference point of when to enter (crossing up above 20 for e.g) - How do you decide when the 5m is "snapping back"?

Thanks

BTW - lately ive also reverted back to the old skool MTF systems - working fantastically

Thanks

One more thing - Notice the hidden (bullish) divergence there on your entry? Good stuff

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
Good to hear from you :-) No, I wasn't looking at the divergence but I do pay attention to it normally, just not this time. Also, I'm not trading with the 5M, only the 4h/1h/30m/15m.  I'll enter when I see the M15 stoch turn.

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
I seem to always fall asleep right before the big move up. I stay up waiting and right before it turns to run up, I end up falling asleep. So here we are yet again in the overbought market. I don't think a short is likely especially with the news that the Fed may cut the interest rate again. So that being said, I'm more inclined to think that we will see a little retrace and an elastic trade back to the overbought higher TF stochs again.

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
ahh the 15 of course! thanks

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
jd ... good to see your posts ... I like the way your explaining what you see and when patience is needed

it looks like you have all the stoch's in one box for the different time frames .. is there a templet I can download for that?

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
You need this indicator first - sorry don't have a template personally I like to watch them in different windows....

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Thank you Cindy

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Sure, no problem. This system does require patience and that was the hardest thing for me to learn. Once you get that part down, you will find yourself rewarded with very good trades again and again. As Spud says, there's no sense in putting yourself at risk when you know a setup will be coming in an hour or so. My suggestion is to read this thread a couple of times and get this system down. It is by far one of the most successful that I've found on this forum.

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Hello JD.  Thanks for sharing your charts.  I noticed you have three indicators on your chart and I'm wondering where I can download them?  They are:  previous day's range, current day's range and the pivots.

Best Regards

Max

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
Here you go.  Man I'm missing out on the good move up due to the interest rate cut. I knew it was coming but just my luck that I had to leave the office and be away from my computer at the time.

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
Hello forexweasel.  I really like your chart setup on post #1412 dated 11/5.  Do you have the template for that?  Also, could you tell me what stochastic indicator you're using?  Looks like you were able to plot a 15 minute stochastic on a 30 minute chart.  Didn't know you could do that!

Best Regards

Max

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Thanks JD.  Yes, I missed the rally too.  The whole reason I'm checking out this thread is to try to get aboard these explosive 4 hour and daily moves on an intraday chart.  It's hard to get a tradeable pullback on the daily chart these days!  Thanks again.  Look forward to contributing to this forum.

Best Regards

Max

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
I missed the eurusd rally this morning but I picked up +207 pips on usdjpy with a trade that I had running since yesterday afternoon.  Small lots though since I wasn't sure which way the trade would go and I actually forgot I had it running so I was really surprised this morning when I opened up Oanda and saw that in profit. Anyways, here is another day and we're watching the charts.

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
Max that template is long gone, I play with templates all the time.  Anyway the MTF stoch v2.0 is on post 1436 complements of CindyXXXX.  what you do is open navigator and drag the indicator onto the chart.  Set it up as to what TF and the parameters.  I usually set %D to "none" for color.  Then, drag another copy of that same indicator into the existing stoch window, then set that one up for another time frame.  Do this for the 15, 30, 1 and h4 making each a different color and you're done.  The indicator on the right corner is called "stoch bars" (attached).

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Many thanks FW!

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
hi jdcompute,

so you also trade at OANDA?

How do you use MetaTrade in conjunction with OANDA?

regards MJ

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
Hello.  I have installed the MTF stochastic v2.0 and tried to plot an hourly stochastic on a four hour chart.  I chose 60 as the input and it did plot as an hourly stochastic but for some reason it does not appear to be lining up correctly.  I did this to try to replicate what you did on post 1412 (plotting a 15 minute stochastic on a 30 minute chart).  Am I doing something incorrectly or is there another version of the MTF stochastic where you can plot lower time frame stochastics on higher time frame charts?  Thanks for all your help.

Regards

Max

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
hi max I attach a template below:

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
HI Max - You will never be able to see a 1 hour stoch on a 4 hour chart. You can only view the  1 hour stoch on a 1 hour or lower TF because obviously the 60 min closes can be viewed only on them. There are 4 60 min closes in one 4 hr bar so thats why it is impossible.

But I am also wondering how in that post you mentioned it seems FXW had a 15m stoch on a 30 min chart.... I'm perplexed!

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Hello Cindy,

Look at M_J's chart above your post, several MTF Stochs on that chart.  The clip board has a few MTF Stoch indicators which will accomplish this.

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
hey merlyn thanks but I know this I have the MTF indicator myself - MJ's chart has 15m 30m 1h and 4hr stochs but hes veiwng them on the 15m TF -

Max was wondering why he cant see his 1hr stoch on the 4hr TF which is what i explained.

and FX weasal made a post a while ago where he seemed to have the 15m stoch on a 30m TF (post 1412) and this is what i am perplexed about

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Hello Cindy, Is this what you mean?

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Sorry,

Seem to have chopped my end off

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
I'm not so sure what the mystery is....just put #MTF stochastic v2.0 onto the indicator window many times and change the TF to whatever you want.  isn't that what the indicator was designed for???Anyway, MTF stoch indicators are a bit buggy.  Not as accurate as using the stoch no last bar with the digital level reading and putting it on separate windows for each TF, that's more accurate.  I do like to see all the stochs on one window move togetehr however.

FW

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Hi Merlyn - yes thats what I mean - I guess because there are only 2 15m closes in 1 30m candle then the 15m is still readable on the 30m chart lol ok now I see. Silly me

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
I use MT4 only for charting purposes and Oanda for the actual order placing. I keep two windows open, one MT4 and the other the Oanda platform.

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
thanks  jdcompute.

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
Hi guys Im serching for indicator: MTF Stochastic Cross alert that will drow arrows on chart when K and D cross. Thanks in advice.

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
gutek04 look at the follow up thread: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=119483

There some indicators there which might be of interest to you.

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
hi

im looking at the MTF stochs indicator, why does it not draw to the end of the chart?

i understand why the lines are in different colors near the end to show that this part is redrawing, however why the gap from the end?

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Hello.

Unfortunately, i see this thread is not breathing for a year now, probably everyone is busy makin $! Way to go!

Anyway, just finished reading throu it all, very impressed. Thank you all the participants.

Personally, i LOVE the MTF stoch method and have been practicing it for a while now. Still got tons of work with the patience and discipline parts of it... thats why i'm still in the demo thing.

A few days ago i went throu a CPR training, so got the idea to apply what i learned here! just can't do it on my own

So i'll check out in a while to see if IT'S ALIVE AGAIN!

P.S. special thank you to the godfather! (Spudfyre)

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
hi Rahman,

If you did not already, I would strongly suggest reading Spud's other threads: probably the most interesting would be:

Spud's Predictive MTF Stochastics: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=119483

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
I Tried this method too. It looked like a good idea but it gave me bad results in practice. That's my experience. Maybe I was bad at reading the stochs, but how many of you guys use this system successfuly?

R

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Thanks for the reply ,M_j

I'm actually started going throu it since i finished reading this one.

Are you still practicing any of the MTFS methods? I'm trying, with a certain degree of success not high enouth thou.

Could you kindly share with us some of your experience trading this system? A few tips would be very appreciated!

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
Hello Rodrigo.

Althou i'm not using this method on a live account, just demoing, i'm under the impression that the method is quite effective. Try implying the M5 stoch for a more precise entry. And definately recommended reading is the thread M_J gave a link to.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
anyone know what happened to Spud? Does the method still work? anyone using it?

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Hi, I'm very new to this.

I've tried to install this template to my demo mt4 with little success.

What am I doing wrong?

Can someone please assist?

Many thanks......

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Make sure you put your indicators in the indicators folder which is a subset of the experts folder.

The template goes in the template folder.... there are two template folders one, is in the subset of "experts"... don't put the template there... instead put it in the major folder called "template" in the main program directory at the bottom of the folder list... restart MT4 and you will be good to go.

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Hi jnevins,

OK, I've found it....I was looking in the "Terminal" menu instead of the

"Templates" menu where I should have been looking.

Thanks anyway for your quick response.

ivyboy030

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
I've been a fan of spudfyre's methods for quite some time now and have read through everyone one of his threads several times in their entirety and have now been able to apply them very effectively piecing the various concepts together. I'm seein that the 15,30,1 hour and 4 hour 14 period stochastics will help guide you into a trade per spud's rules but as an extra filter you can actually apply to each time frame chart...the 100,3,3 stochastic and in the same window apply the 5,3,3 stochastic to get a better feeling of the trend and retracements in the form of elasticity and etc...i can post chart examples if anyone needs to see what im referring to..but i got the 100,3,3 setting as what spud uses as the price line and the 5,3,3 stochastic setting seems to work good as it snaps back to the 100,3,3. just some ideas though...like i said i can post pictures if anyone wants to see...but im still just demo testing this to work on my discipline and also to work on exit strategies using all these pieces of the puzzle..

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
Hi pmullin86,

Pls post your chart. thanks!

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
Sorry for the delayed response...I was wondering if anyone was still in that thread but I'm currently at work and don't have access to charts so as soon as I get home I will put some charts together for you to see what I'm referring to...like I was saying its basically spuds method but accompanied by the concept of elasticity as illustrated by boxingislife"s bringing sexy back method if you are familiar with that...if you aren't...its a very good read and very interesting concept and strategy....its amazing how powerful of a tool the stochastics are when used in the different ways...

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
This thread is quite amazing.

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
This is an incredible thread!

I've learned so much from Spudfyre's posts over the last couple of weeks. It's a real shame this thread isn't still active with users posting their trades.

Anyone lurking here want to resurrect it? I'm in for sure if anyone else is.

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Hi. Can you help me a bit? When Spudyfire says : Sross with 80 line, he is looking at stochastic.. but which line? Normal (stoch 5,3) or dashed (5,3,3). I know he said that 5,3,3 would be in use, but when he posted the charts I saw2  lines, and proper line (5,3,3) was dashed (looking like less important)

Can sb show me the right way ?

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
hi,

to my knowledge Spudyfire did not make use of the Signal line.

especially in his latest thread: Spud's Predictive MTF Stochastics  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=119483

Cheers

Ati

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Thanks : )

BTW. Laelaps, I think that's a good idea  It can help us practice more, and maybe find sth new in this system .

I can post here AFL's for Amibroker which are using multiple timeframes, all indicator in 1 chart pane : )

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
Big Thank you to SpudFyre for sharing his valuable knowledge. Yes there are few people who are reading his knowledge after 5years. It still works.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
I'm in too!!!

I just saw your post and I would very much like to resurrect this thread! It is absolutely invaluable even after all this time and I will be sure to contribute what I can, when I can.

Either that, or I'll be starting a new MTF Stochastic thread very soon.

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
Hi Smash

I am IN too!!!

I would also contribute whenever/whatever i can contribute. I would encourage you to start thread and other traders will join you eventually (one of them will be me for sure).

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
i there does any one can tell if still have good results whit this last eyars are very chopy market thanks a start to use this sfter 2 long eyar loking for a strategy

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
Hi AK, thanks for your response. It seems this thread has really died, which is unfortunate because the MTF method is so powerful that it alone will never die. I am convinced it is the most powerful trading method there is. I've frequently thought about opening my own MTF thread but in the meantime my priority has and still is to develop one of the best EA's out there, one that is holy-grail-worthy.
Don't feel bad I've been at trading for years and still looking for consistent success. It is much harder than they tell you. But if you use the MTF methods, some of which have been presented on this thread, you will be light years ahead of the average trader, so long as you apply the principles properly.

AK, we've got LOTS of work to do still on our EA...


===== 附件下载链接 =====

spuds template.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/27077?d=1175097509
Spudfyre's Escalator to Pips.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/27835?d=1175695414
EJ_CandleTime.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/27849?d=1175703651
EJ_CandleTime.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/27850?d=1175703662
Spudfyre's Escalator to Pips.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/27865?d=1175708258
DIGISTOCH.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/28053?d=1175901021
EJ_CandleTime.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/28146?d=1176038311
SpudFyre stochs.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/28234?d=1176124059
15MStochs.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/28739?d=1176463347
skinny.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/29204?d=1177176739
STOCH_Bars_v2c.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/29494?d=1177444821
Hercs Stochastic Oscillator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30118?d=1177976288
StochsIndies.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30120?d=1177976425
#MTF_Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30221?d=1178057586
SpudFyre Stoch.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30284?d=1178098273
Big Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30285?d=1178098289
Big Stochastic.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30286?d=1178098297
EJ_CandleTime_Blue.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30310?d=1178112115
EJ_CandleTime_Blue.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30311?d=1178112125
Big Stochastic v1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30392?d=1178179104
Big Stochastic v1.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30393?d=1178179111
supdfyre_stoch.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30394?d=1178179130
FFCal_v05.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30724?d=1178448686
WeightedStochs.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30763?d=1178490865
Stochastic_Cross_Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30792?d=1178528660
CustomCandle.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31735?d=1179196444
AdaptativeStochasticv4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31999?d=1179359180
Manual1.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/33117?d=1180084899
#MTF Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/34988?d=1181657345
CustomCandle.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/35140?d=1181746538
trade Summar1.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/35143?d=1181747254
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/35139
spud_mtf_rules.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/35195?d=1181780417
spud_mtf_rules.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/35196?d=1181780417
#MTF Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/35212?d=1181783697
#MTF Stochastic_iya.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/35293?d=1181835646
spud mtf stochs.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/35609?d=1182176225
Stochastic Elasticity.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/37298?d=1183349011
#MTF Stochastic v2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/37299?d=1183349011
spud.mtf.stochs.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/37301?d=1183349095
Stoch_MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/37861?d=1183714235
CustomCandleA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/38784?d=1184434017
SpudFrye Method I EA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/39572?d=1184889513
SpudFrye Method I EA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/39702?d=1184944330
5-3-3--30min-15min--20-80--alert.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/40342?d=1185368373
14-3-3--30min-15min--20-80--alert.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/40343?d=1185368373
#MTF Stochastic v2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/41416?d=1185890257
#MTF_Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/41417?d=1185890257
daily #mtf stochastic swing.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/41418?d=1185890269
StochCrossAlertOnClosedCandle.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/41783?d=1186065187
SnakeForce.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/42059?d=1186278527
StochCrossAlert_MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/42575?d=1186568205
rainbowstoch.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/43574?d=1187131375
All Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/44327?d=1187538094
All Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/44480?d=1187599249
8555 trend.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/44531?d=1187623909
8555 trend2.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/44538?d=1187625972
8555 trend3.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/44712?d=1187702971
Big Stochastic v1.1 Combo.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/44929?d=1187803269
#MTF_Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/45433?d=1188074999
SnakeForce.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/45434?d=1188074999
BH-Ergodic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/45435?d=1188075010
speculation reality.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/45523?d=1188147989
Pivots_Daily_Medium_SR.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47124?d=1188851214
Pivots_Daily_Medium_SR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47125?d=1188851214
Pivots_Daily_SR.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47126?d=1188851228
Pivots_Daily_SR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47127?d=1188851228
Pivots_Monthly_Medium.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47128?d=1188851242
Pivots_Monthly_Medium.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47129?d=1188851242
Pivots_Monthly_SR.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47130?d=1188851251
Pivots_Monthly_SR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47131?d=1188851323
Pivots_Weekly_Medium.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47132?d=1188851323
Pivots_Weekly_Medium_.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47133?d=1188851334
Pivots_Weekly_SR.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47134?d=1188851334
Trendlines.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47367?d=1188924529
Trendlines.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47368?d=1188924529
All Stochastic v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47488?d=1188971476
Stoch Candle OverBought-Sold.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47691?d=1189032640
Stoch Candle OverBought-Sold.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47692?d=1189032640
#MTF_Stochastic1.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47693?d=1189032663
#MTF_Stochastic1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/47694?d=1189032663
Snake.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/49241?d=1189737181
non lag MA v7.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/49242?d=1189737181
mtf.stochs.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/138407?d=1218330647
4mtfstochastic.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159181?d=1224451975
EJ_Pivot_DWM.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/159272?d=1224479244
DoubleSmothStoch Bressert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/160585?d=1224695626
#MTF Stochastic v2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183045?d=1229446561
EJ_Pivot_DWM.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183111?d=1229459064
STOCH_Bars_M#_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183572?d=1229531146
4mtfstochastic.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183610?d=1229537278
