===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
My sincere apologies to new-comers and subscribers, but as of today, Friday, August 31st, 2018, I will no longer participate this thread. Except for a few a few individuals who followed the rules, the thread developed into a forum for people to take this trading plan and then, because they know better, make their own rules.

I am not so naive as to believe that this plan is perfect and never said that it succeeds 100% of the time. If you follow the rules, it actually succeeds about 80% of the time, If you follow the rules most losses are minimal. IF you follow the rules you will profit. If you change the rules, and then complain that this plan doesn't work, you're on your own.

If you are returning after a while or late finding this thread, you'll probably see a bunch of different charts, indicators and rules. You may get confused, again, you have my sincere apologies. If you are interested, the original template and rules, are located below for download. Examples and some notes are in posts 1-4. You can look through the thread if you want to find my posts.

Attached File(s)   MTF Stochastics trading.zip

70 KB
|
6,184 downloads
|
Uploaded Sep 15, 2018 11:31pm
Attached File(s)   MTF Stochastic Trading Original Rules.pdf

106 KB
|
8,180 downloads
|
Uploaded Sep 15, 2018 11:31pm

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Next, here are the indicators and template for your perusal. Go ahead and se what you can see, and I'll be back and we'll get started with some of my observations.

Note: Post#1 has been edited to incluse the indicators and template. They"re both the same.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Weekly and monthly images
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #4 ---
First I'll explain why the chart looks the way it does, then we'll get into interpretation of the stochastic indicators.

Why price bars and not candles? I am reading, interpreting, and trading by the stochastics. I don't want candlestick patterns trying to influence my decisions.

Why the dim gray price bars? Again, I'm reading the stochastics not the price bar. The stochastics tell me when to enter and when to exit, not the price bar.

Why no moving averages? Don't need them. The MTF stochastic tells me what the important trend is doing.

What's the important trend? The important trend is the trend that will add pips to our account. At any given time there may be as many as 3 or 4 trends happening on one pair. The only one I care about is the one I'm trading. You want me to wait a week for the trend on the daily to change while price on the lower time frame charts print 50, 60, 100 pip moves? Why? I believe in patience, but get real.

Why 2 stochastics? The 2 of them together tell us what is happening right now. Each of them is half the story. It's just easier. Plus, and this is a big plus, it increases the probability that well be correct on direction. No promises, no guarantees, just an edge.

Later we'll talk more about what we would do without the MTF stochastic. Like if they eep-six MT4 for MT5 and we can't use this MTF indicator anymore.

In the following EURUSD H1 chart I have drawn some lines and written some note which will give you a good idea of where we'we're headed with this. It's not the whole gist, but it's a big part. Take a look and see if you see what I see? I promise this is not a commercial thread and I won't leave you hanging, but I have to eat sometime.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #5 ---
not bad at all. my strategy is similar to yours. Interested to see how this goes.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
With all the people saying... 'Indicators are lagging and useless', Im curious to see how this works in long term. And I could see that you have atleast 8 years trading experience, so I'm sure, you certainly have a clear idea... what you are talking about.

Best wishes buddy.... eager to learn.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Thanks, and welcome.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
LOL, we'll see how clear my idea is, but I'll do my best to explain things Thank you and welcome.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Subs. thanks and

Regards

--- 帖子 #10 ---
I posted the basic rules for entries and exits on Post 1. I"m a little tired now. I'll add more, probably later tomorrow. London open is in about 25 minutes from now. If I can post a live trade or 2 in-progress I will. It's Monday morning so I'm not expecting too much tradeable activity.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Welcome and thanks.

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Me too.. Subs.

Nice trading rules! I'll be watching, good luck!

--- 帖子 #13 ---
On my way to learn this strategy. Thanks a lot for share..

--- 帖子 #14 ---
subscribed.  love trading mtf stochs.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Welcome.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Welcome.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
EU M5, missed the 1st entry after London Open. Took this short @1.17809. The CTF stoch has turned uo, but the MTF stoch is still indicating short, so I"ll stay for now. Well aware it's a S&R area. GBP news, Fed rate hike, tariffs, N. Korea, Trump tweets, etc, the news is endless. It's going to be an interesting week. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #18 ---
The  CTF stoch has left the 20 area and turned up. The MTF stoch remains, for now, below the 20 line even though the stoch has crossed. Right now it looks like a pull-back, but that could change. PA right now is indecisive. I'm going to wait and see if the CTF stoch returns to the 20 area. Starting to turn down a little now. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Everything is pretty flat except Ucad. Darn!! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Back on EU, the Prodigal Stoch returns resuming direction. !.1775 is a round number target so lets see how it reacts.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
UCad m5 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EU on M30  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AU M5 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GU and EU are duds. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Hello Bobby. I believe that;

#1 - Provided MTF has a recent cross of 50,

... and

#2 - CTF turns to join MTF direction, and is at least not above/below opposite 80/20,

... then

#3 - This is your signal for valid trade entry.

In post #4, one entry shows CTF just leaving 80 zone, to join direction of MTF.

Do I understand this correctly?

Thanks,

Darryl

--- 帖子 #23 ---
A lesson from loss. (BTW, I will sometimes use this demo account as a demonstration tool for what NOT to do). Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Sounds right. Interpreting stochastics takes a little practice. Try it out and see if you can see for yourself when a trend  is forming and what happens to the stochs in the process. Once you've seen it happen a few times it's really not that hard to spot.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Tudor, you dog you, as always thanks for your support

--- 帖子 #26 ---
As you can see from the thread's TE, it's time to put some pips back in the kitty. I'm going to focus on trading for a while I'll be back later.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
A bit of order is restored.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
At support and a break in the stochs. Blue support line was drawn after the trade. Not used to exit. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Last trade for me today. This market is terrible. +4 pips on GU. Broke even for the day. 4 trades all day. One bad one. Tomorrow we start fresh
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #30 ---
not bad for today. i'm still holding my eu short from the London (now at break-even). still waiting for my stochastics to cross the zero

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Later we'll talk more about what we would do without the MTF stochastic. Like if they eep-six MT4 for MT5 and we can't use this MTF indicator anymore.

hey bobby2. there is a way to convert mt4 indi's to mt5 if needed be. (just so you know)

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Hi, ewebb205, can you share the way to convert mt4 indie's to mt5, if you don't mind? Thx for your time and help!

Shuo

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Sorry, not here please. Don't get me wrong. I'm sure the info is very useful, but please do it somewhere else. I posted the rules in Post1. MTF stochastics trading with the charts provided in Post 1. That is all we want here. Thank you in advance for your understanding.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Thanks. That's good to know for future reference.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
If you're trading the Asian session and you bought UJ and/or UCh, congrats!! Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Sorry bobby2, never mean to cluster the thread!

And ewebb205, maybe you can PM me the info, if you don't mind? Thx!

Shuo

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Couple of items I'd like to bring up;

• In post #1 you mentioned, "Regarding trading sessions, I generally trade London Open to London Close. I live in Chicago but I get up early to do that. It's worth it. I strongly dislike it when NY starts up."

... I would agree that trading most pairs outside the London Session, can be very difficult.

• The MTF lags one to 5 bars, depending on TF used on.

... I noticed this while doing visual back testing. This makes it more difficult to trade on one chart only. Perhaps for closer inspection, an addition chart could be used. i.e., When trading on H1, also have open an H4 chart using only 11-3-3.

p.s. - I am trying variations of CTF's to mimic MTF, to eliminate the lag. So far I've gotten close with (19-3-5 on M15 or M30), but still not exact yet.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
sure.no problem.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
" The MTF lags one to 5 bars, depending on TF used on."  Of course it does. It measures  a longer period of time.

"This makes it more difficult to trade on one chart only."  No, it makes it easier to trade from one chart. That's what it's for.

" Perhaps for closer inspection, an addition chart could be used. i.e., When trading on H1, also have open an H4 chart using only 11-3-3." You, of course , are free to do whatever you like with your charts. But on this thread we use ONLY the charts provided in Post #1, which I'm sure you read every word. Right?

It says in plain English under Thread Rules *If you don't like this way of trading, if you think it has no merit, if you think you have a superior way of trading, or the famous thread killer, "This is how I do it...." please refrain from posting. Stay away or start your own thread."

Is there something in that statement that may have confused you?

I am asking politely, PLEASE follow the thread rules.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Not a problem. I was mistaken to think this could be helpful.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Good morning all!

Most pairs are at or around s&R levels, mainly in consolidation and and not much happening so there's some time to look at a few things.

1) The MTF stoch indicator we are using are set to show us the next highest time frame from whatever current time frame we are using. If you are looking at M5 you will see the M15 MTF stochastic, M15 CTF-M30 MTF, M30 CTF- H1 MTF, H1 CTF-H4 MTF, H4 CTF-D1 MTF, etc. Only the monthly TF does not have a next higher time frame on our MTF stochastics indicator. The setting in the Inputs allows us to manually dictate which TF the MTF indicator shows. Our settings are set to automatically select the next highest time frame. If you want to change the settings to show a different view on your charts you can do that. Just set the "Next Higher Auto" to False and in the Time Frame input choose the time frame you wish to see. Here is a chart with several time frames shown. CTF is M5. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2) Mostly I have shown trades taken on the M5 charts. That's mainly because until we get all the noise from this week's news announcements there will probably be no clear direction in the markets. When markets are ranging I usually stay on M5 and M15. That doesn't mean that we can't trade other time frames. Please trade any time frame you want. It's just that when markets are not trending I'm a scalper, but the TF is your choice.

3) All I ask is if you post charts here please use the template from the 1st post. Why? I've seen it a thousand times, and in every single instance the thread gets hijacked. The purpose of the thread is to explore the potential profitability using these charts, exactly as they are.

4) If you are using this method to trade, please show us your results with a posted chart. Don't be shy.  This thread isn't intended to be the bobby2 show. Please share your results with us.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
EU short  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UCh short, late entry Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #43 ---
It may be helpful. It's just that this is not the thread to present it. No hard feelings. All is good.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Close call

--- 帖子 #45 ---
If you are want to mimic MTF stoh - try stoh with settings 44-12-12. H4 is greater as H1 4:1, so 11;3;3 stoh * 4 is like MTF H4 stoh but without lags or repainting.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
is anyone awake?

--- 帖子 #47 ---
hi bobby2

thanks for sharing great info i like scalping will try this out im subscrebed

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Welcome aboard roddy321.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
For those of you who have never seen or heard of it. I'd like to introduce you to a kind of trading practice that I found extremely helpful in learning to read stochastic signals.

On the original Genesis Matrix Trading System thread, the OP, realjumper, posted an analogy comparing trading via technical charts to flying an airplane. Pilots are trained to fly using visual references (VFR), and also how to fly by only looking at their instrument panel (IFR). You can read RJ's post here: https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...fr#post6015643 Post # 4,139

I like to do this practice on the weekends when the markets are closed. black out all the price bars on the main chart and any other references you may have like S&R lines, pivots, moving averages, etc until your main chart is completely blank. Now you have a blank chart wiith only sub-window 1 that has the current time frame stochastic together with the multi-time frame stochastic. Make sure the MTF stochastic is set to show the next highest time frame up from the current time frame. Make a template and label it IFR Practice or IFR, something like that. The current time frame you use for practice doesn't matter. It's probably best to choose the one you trade most often. Or you could use the template provided below the image. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached File(s)   MTF Stochastic IFR Practice Chart.tpl

70 KB
|
532 downloads

Choose a currency pair you are unfamiliar with and scroll back in time to a random spot. You can advance the chart tick-by-tick by pressing F12 on your keyboard. Mark entries with a green line and exits with a red line as you advance the chart and watch sub-window1, our instrument panel. After a while say 2 or 3 London session periods, turn the price bars back on. go back and mark Entry bar Opens and Exit bar closes. How many pips won or lost? I have shown this method to other traders who wanted to improve their stochastics interpretation skills, and they all seemed to find value in this kind of trading Try it and let us know how your practice session went.

Examples: Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Just trying out this, today asia trade EA long

--- 帖子 #51 ---
GA long Asia session

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Another Asia session AN short

--- 帖子 #53 ---
AUDCHF in progress, lets wait and see

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hi to all .

I currently have 4 positions open to my real account. I quote these four pairs with the alleged entrances and exits according to bobby2 rules

I'm not sure if the entries and exits are correct. Some of them are still runing.

Let's see what happens.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Hi Bobby. Interesting strategy. Is it possible to add push alert when MTF Stoch cross 50 line?

--- 帖子 #56 ---
I don't know. I submitted a request to to one of the coders threads a long time ago but no one ever picked it up. It would be nice if it could be done.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Good to see others trying it out AND making pips . When you post, please use this thread's template. Got in a late long on GU (woke u late ) but still managed almost 24 pips. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Ouch! What is going on with TE? Unexpected news?

--- 帖子 #59 ---
update.-

--- 帖子 #60 ---
The GU longs that were on the TE Thu., 6/14 and Fri., 6/14 were't supposed to be on that account. The mistake was mine and had nothing to do with this thread. I apologize. There.s an explanation, but it's so stupid even I don't believe it. Again, sincere apologies.

Below is a screenshot of the original TE's trades and results from the 1st week. I've attached a new TE that will begin Sunday, June 17, 2018 funded with what is close to the balance that was in the 1st TE. Sorry for any confusion. The screenshot below has also been added to the 1st Post Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #61 ---
I see a few traders here have grasped the gist of what we're attempting here and that makes me happy. This thread is a work in progress, but I think we had a decent start.

It's not important to me about how popular this thread is, or how popular I am on FF. That's not why I started this. If you choose to learn this way of trading,if you feel it's a good fit for you, then I'd like to try and help you do it well. That's all. Even if only a few traders embrace this type of trading, that's OK. I'm not trying to convince  or convert. Always do what's best for you.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
I've had some PMs wondering about entry signals so I'll address them here so everyone can see.

Q: You say to wait for the MTF Stochastic to enter above or below the 50 line to determine the beginning of a new trend, but aren't we leaving pips on the table? If I follow your rule, I'm seeing long signals below 50 and and short signals above 50 that could have produced more pips if I'd just traded in the direction of the MTF Stochastic.

A: That is correct to some extent. There are two issues with this that we need to consider, 1) degree of probability, and 2) risk appetite. Let's assume that we agree that most of the time when the MTF Stochastic passes above or below the 50 line we are seeing a change in trend direction. (That is the basic premise of this thread, so if you don't agree with that we don't have much else to discuss.) If you take long signals below the 50 line, or short signals above the 50 line, you are trading against the trend. Yes, you can be successful doing that. The problem lies in degrees of probability. Short entries below the 50 and long entries above the 50, when both stochs agree, are higher probability trade (HPT) signals. What you are suggesting is, of course, possible. It's just that the probability of success is lower. How much lower is unknown and higher risk is implied.
Q: Wouldn't a better entry be when both stochastics begin to go in the same direction regardless of what level they are?

A: Sometimes. That's the problem. We just don't know what is going to happen. I will agree that entering a trade in the direction of both stochastics has a higher probability of success than entering when they don't agree. But iif we make that our entry rule and execute all our trades that way, more often than not we'll get burned. If we're lucky we'll end up trading for hours and breaking even. Look at a lot of those entries and exits. The first and last bars will cancel each other out wiping out any profits, and you won't see it coming. Waiting patiently for a sign that a direction in price has probably been established increases the probability that we have a shot at a winner.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Weekly results starting on Wednesday.

Total entries = 8

Total profit = 318 pips

I also use some other technique to trace the tendency to make the final decision, but I respect the rules of the forum.

--- 帖子 #64 ---
nice trade! May i know why you did not enter on the green vertical lines ?

--- 帖子 #65 ---
From his comment above I'm guessing grandfather is relying on additional information to confirm entries. That's OK. What people do on their own PC is their business. He posted his trades using the thread template for which I'm appreciative.

What grandfather's charts show me is that the premise of this thread; That when the MTF Stochastic crosses the 50 line there is a High Probability , not a guarantee, but a very good indication price is headed in a different direction, is valid. Last week most of the trades I showed were on the M5 time frame. Grandfather's trades were on H1. I'm glad grandfather gained the pips he did. I'm glad because a fellow trader made a good profit and I'm glad because it helped me confirm here what I already knew, that we can trade with this method successfully on the hourly time frame. So congratulations grandfather on your positive pips, and thank you for posting your charts.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Last week I concentrated on the M5 time frame. This week I plan to focus on M15. I expect less trade opportunities, but larger pip totals from successful trades. My entry criteria will be the same. I know some traders use various methods to measure currency strength and choose their currency pairs accordingly, which is a good idea, but for demonstration purposes I'll stick with the majors even though at the moment they're probably less profitable than the majors. While it's nice to see big numbers in positive pip totals, right now it's more important that I use this method to trade well and trade well consistently even under less than ideal conditions. We'll see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Noticed Grandfather is not waiting till both mtf stochs cross 50.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Hi Bobby2

Do you mind if i post the dashboard based on your system here?..it will make us easier to track potensial pair to trade

--- 帖子 #69 ---
That will be great

--- 帖子 #70 ---
If you guys need a dashboard go ahead.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
This dashboard based on stoch's slope and 50 level..credit to Mr.Tools wo developed this dashboard...i just change the algo based on Stoch

Attached File(s)   DASHBOARD-STO-50-level.ex4

31 KB
|
849 downloads

You can set how many TF alligned to be alerted...just play around with the setting

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Grandfather do mind dropping the EA here?

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Really high quality posts bobby, both here and on the genesis thread

in fact I have been adapting some of your stoc teachings for tms, and it has helped me a LOT

so thanks for that

--- 帖子 #74 ---
please make dashboard editable so that we can change level,it only set at 50 level, i will like dashboard to be able to set level at (80 and 20) or (70 and 30) as well,it the only thing missing as it good that one can change the parameters.i also like to know how to make dashboard view higher time frame like weekly,daily and 4hr or daily ,4hr and 1hr

--- 帖子 #75 ---
You're more than welcome. Glad it helped.

--- 帖子 #76 ---
change to level editable or without level consideration (just set LvlFilter to false)
Attached File(s)   DASHBOARD-STO.ex4

36 KB
|
604 downloads

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Hi every one.

I've read the topic and i found it is interesting strategy so i practice it on demo account to see what will happen.

this is what i did today. i want to know if it was good entry or not?

Thank you to share this simple strategy

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Hi

Thank u for the latest dashboard

Would you give us more details about the following items and how to use them=

Nlm period=25

Filter=0.0

Filter period=0

Filter On= Filter the price

bar=1

We appreciate your effort

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Congrats on thread! For some reason my CTF does not show in the Stoch window! Can you maybe help?

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Drag and drop stoch indy from indy panel to subwindow Set to 11 3 3 dim gray

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Thanks!!  Easy if you know how!! Have a nice day!

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Hi..oops sorry i upload the wrong one.. you set bar=1,,alert based on closing candle

please re-download the new one here
Attached File(s)   DASHBOARD-STOC.ex4

30 KB
|
772 downloads

--- 帖子 #83 ---
thanks you Bobby2 for opening this thread... i have been trading consistently with stoc almost five years,,keep up the good work

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Thank you for the kind words bobzahra. I appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #85 ---
This coming trading week I'll be going back to the 5-15 method (5 min TF, 15 min MTF Stoch) I used the first week of this thread. Ii's probably me, not the method, but I made some trading decisions last week skipping around on different time frames that I'm not real proud of. I'll get back to the higher time frames later. I know that there are a bunch of ways to trade this thing. But my point here is to see if I can make it work alone, the way it is. I don't know about anyone else, but I rather like this method. Please feel free to chime in with your opinions about the method or any thoughts on your own results so far.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
A couple of decent trades this morning. I could have stayed longer in the EU trade I guess, but got out around what I deemed a pretty strong resistance level, plus the CTF stoch was turning down. I did Reenter about 10 pips below the next RN. That one is still open Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #87 ---
First day using the system, missed a couple of good chances but still day is in green.

First one is a lost one -10 pips (not speaking about % yet, still fine-tuning MM a bit), I was late to the party but I think it could be won if entered in time (not sure how the MTF was in the moment tho, so maybe I'm wrong):
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Second one is +18:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And third one +10:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thank you Bob

Edit. Forgot to mention lost one is right in the London Open, which I'm not too sure about, perhaps is better not trading that candle to avoid possible fakeouts?

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Just in case you're not aware, you can show your closed trades on MT4 by opening your Account History, right click on any trade entry, choose Custom Period, click Today's Date, find the trade you want to show, and with your mouse drag it to your main chart.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Nice trading! Way to go!!

--- 帖子 #90 ---
I didn't know about this, always thought it was an indicator. Very handy for my next postings!

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Thank you for sharing.

Happy green pips!!

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Beware of upcoming news announcements. The attached indicator will draw upcoming news on chart. Enjoy.

RS
Attached File(s)   CalendarFX-I-A13.mq4

79 KB
|
522 downloads
Attached File(s)   CalendarFX-I-A13.ex4

107 KB
|
503 downloads

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Just entered Long UJ @ 109.833. Recent S&R area so it may take a while. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #94 ---
It pushed through the initial resistance area but there's still some traffic on the left to get through. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Interesting. The CTF stoch has turned down, the MTF stoch has entered above 80, and I'm guessing we're either at, just below, or in the area of the Daily Pivot. Might see a sudden spike up here soon or price will peter out and retreat. Not sure.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
At the moment it appears that all USD denominated pairs are at their respective "magic lines" at this point in time. (Magic line= place on the chart where support is also resistance and visa versa) But my MTF stoch is leaving the 80 area and the CTF stoch is also headed down. i exited a tad above BE. Oh well. We'll get 'em next time.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #97 ---
I missed these trades on AU. Don't be biased in regard to direction. You never know what'll happen next.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Hello there, yesterday I wasn't able to trade and today I could only trade before London and final London, missing the great moves again, so patience and persistance.

Small profit, 2 operations  +10, 1 operation I closed +2 and 1 operation -8 (approx):

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Won't trade more today, my mindset is not perfectly right after missing the train and I realized when I hug to my losing position (could have closed in BE but I failed to do so, and psychology interferences are not allowed on my trading).

Thanks again Bob, it really is easier to post trades with your latest advice!

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Hey, profit is profit. Right? Nobody ever went broke taking profit  I took this short re-entry on EU for +9 pips. Coming up on the NY Open soon and there's some news. Think I'll watch for awhile.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #100 ---
On the UJ long I got out because of the stochastics. On the EU short I got out because it was at near-term support. I got out at support because I got spooked trading EJ during the Asian session. I haven't traded the Asian session for a long time and now I remember why.The PA on those trades was a nightmare and I was trading more on experience than trading signals. It worked out OK but I don't recommend anybody else doing it. Too risky.

Look what happened after exiting the trades posted above. LOL!! Sometimes you're damned if you do and damned if you don't. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Today again could only trade during pre London, but took around +10 and +14 from a operation (firstly aimed to +26 or so, but stoch made me move my SL because I had to leave, and it kept me safe from further loss as the picture shows):
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still working on my MM tho, I feel it could enhance my profitability once I get the hang of MTF trading. Next week will be able to trade London session and I can´t wait, strategy feels like it's too good to be true.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Today's trading, closed first +10 and moved SL to +8 in the second one so I could leave from the computer, originally had a +30 TP but my SL got hit for a few pips, greed!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Was a good first week anyway, can't complain at all.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
If you would like to try using a trade manager EA, I have a couple. It sounds like you are busy and might not have a lot of time to watch your charts.

Both EAs allow profit target, stop loss, and trailing stops. RoNz Auto_SL-TS-TP hides SL and TP and has a step trailing feature. Also note that on both Inputs, the values entered are decimal numbers without the decimal. Ex: Input 50 the value is 5.0, Input 500 and the value is 50.0, etc. For Auto SL and TS.ex4 a mq4 file is not available.
Attached File(s)   Auto SL and TS.ex4

9 KB
|
475 downloads

Attached File(s)   RoNz_Auto_SL-TS-TP.mq4

13 KB
|
574 downloads

Attached File(s)   RoNz_Auto_SL-TS-TP.ex4

21 KB
|
506 downloads

--- 帖子 #104 ---
GU long, M5, +11 pips, exit at Resistance area and RN.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Thar she blows! As usual when I use targets. LOL!! Another measly 25 pips. EU did the same thing. Aaaaarrrrgh!! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Well, London closes in about 45 mins., it's Friday, and I surpassed my weekly pip target, so I'm done trading for the week. In case anyone has anything to say, I'll hang out for a while. If not, have a great. weekend and we'll get back it to on Monday. Be safe, be well.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Thanks Bob, starting this week I should be able to spend some time during London, but this can be handy, gonna test it and see what I can do, it might help me with the money management once I have it 100% clear, so far is the hardest part for me to set.

Have a great weekend everybody, outstanding results in the trade explorer by the way!

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Hi thank for this great feed my trading system is based on the same way but i use too much indicators. This feed help me have a more clean chart and rules.

I am will start this week. M1 and D1.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Welcome to the thread.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
I've noticed that at the beginning of a trend, on our charts this would be when the green signal line of the MTF Stochastic first intersects the 50 line, often you will see the Current Time Frame Stochastic cross the line before the MTF Stoch, with the MTF Stoch starting in the same direction, but not yet having crossed the 50 line. IMO, in that situation we don't need to wait for the MTF Stoch to cross the 50 line, but I would wait for the CTF Stoch to have at least crossed. This doesn't happen all the time, but it happens, and you wait for the MTF Stoch, and you may be too late for a decent entry. So I think that is one instance when a more aggressive entry may pose less risk. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There will be failed attempts, where te CTF Stoch precedes the MTF Stoch and the MTF Stoch does not cross the 50 line. In that case just exit when the CTF Stoch runs its course. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #111 ---
I practiced using just the MTF stoch alone on H1 and M5. And that's my result so far

--- 帖子 #112 ---
If you've noticed, I've mentioned Support and Resistance areas and Round Numbers a few times, but I haven't said a word about chart patterns, technical formations, fundamental considerations, price bar or candle stick formations, pitchforks, Elliot waves, Ross Hooks, harmonic patterns etc. It isn't because I don't know about them or don't think they have merit. Its just, after years of studying all these different approaches to figuring out price action in the markets, in my possibly warped way of thinking, price will go where price will go and it will go where it wants to go without informing me of its destination and without asking my permission.

No matter what method I use I'm guessing anyway. We're all guessing. Our job, as I see it, is to to do our best to guess right most of the time. Some will argue that you don't even need to be right most of the time, that with proper money management a trader can be wrong most of the time and still profit. Me? I'm more comfortable being right. Trading psychologists say don't worry about being right and learn to embrace losing, that if you're worried about being right and not losing you can't trade well. I don't worry about it, I just don't like it. Sometimes I don't guess right. I don't like it when that happens but there it is. There are a lot of things I don't like but there they are. All I have control over is what I do and what I choose to believe.

I believe to this to be true.most of the time: When the MTF Stochastic crosses the 50 line there is a high probability that there will be a change in the direction price is moving on the chart. How long will it last? Until it's over, that's how long. Let the MTF Stocastic be your guide.

Speaking for myself, that's all I really need. I said in my first post I am not here to convert or convince. I certainly have no business telling others how to run their trading business. I did give my opinion about entries and exits, and if you like what you heard and it works for you that's fantastic. It might not work for everyone. I know there are traders not having success. One thing I can tell you is many traders, probably a majority, abandon this indicator because it takes practice to interpret it correctly on a consistent basis. It's one of the reasons some will choose to add ten more indicators to their charts so they can "confirm" with utmost certainty that they're reading the signals right. Skip the extra indicators for now. Learn how to read this one. IMHO IF YOU CAN DEVELOP THIS SKILL you have all you need to choose high probability trades. Later, when you're confident in your new skill, if you still think extra indicators will enhance your trading skills, by all means use them.

You can develop the skill by watching the charts and what happens on the stochastic indicators. What are you seeing on a consistent basis. What happens when it's ranging? How can you tell when to stand aside? Use the IFR Chart practice I introduced earlier. Practice trading the IFR chart live on a demo. See how to use it here Post #49 <https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=11165594> (IFR Practice Chart Template is also available in the 1st post under the MTF Stochastics zip file download.) No price bars or candles. Just the stochastics. Practice it in your spare time using your F12 tab on your keyboard to advance your chart tick-by-tick when the markets are closed on the weekend. Have contests with your friends, lowest pip total buys the next round

If someone walked up to you and said, "I will give you this for free. If you study and learn how to use it correctly, it will produce income for the rest of your life." What would you do?

--- 帖子 #113 ---
This would be a great thread I would really like to follow.

Your charts are so dark they are almost impossible to see. I finally gave up.

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Great results. I hope it helped your trading. Did you exit with a stochastic signal, fixed target, or some other means? Just curious. Thanks for sharing your results.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Hey,

That's all nice, but, The MTF Stoch Signal is 3 candles late.

Just calculate this into your assumption.

D.

--- 帖子 #116 ---
I'm really sorry to hear that. Did you click on the charts to see the larger image? This is the first complaint I've had concerning that. Is anyone else having the same problem?

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Never mind my question about exits. I see them now. Duh!

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Nah! They are good. Infact i reeally love them. It looks like no noise due to the color combination of bar chart...

Thanks for sharing. I am really enjoying..I am practicing in H4...

--- 帖子 #119 ---
I'm not aware of your system or method but this is my 5th year of trading Forex and the Stoch has become my best friend. I'm not big on indicators at all as they all lag but the stoch coupled with S&R levels and PA knowledge has been so helpful.  I'm sure others will say one oscillator is better than another but if you learn how the stoch reacts to PA it can tell a very relevant story.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
While I watch the Euro trying to fight it's way past resistance, I'd like to address the issue of time frames. A trader sent me a PM wondering what I was doing because the M5 signal wasn't matching my EU long trade. He was right. It wasn't. I was trading a signal I saw on H1.

I never told anyone to trade only 5 minute charts. What I said was this MTF Stochastic indicator was reliable on all TFs except the Monthly. I like trading on the M5 or M15 charts. But that's me. But when there is no signal on one time frame there could be something happening somewhere else. Takes less than a minute to have a look.

I also don't like to trade the crosses, I like the majors. Other traders are the complete opposite. Some use a currency measuring indicator and choose their currency pairs according to what it shows. There is no "best". What's "best" is what makes you consistently profitable. I know people don't like vague answers. It frustrate me too when I first started learning and veteran traders would answer my questions with a lot of "ifs" and "maybes". I don't know what's best for you. I'm showing what I do for me. You try it, if you like it learn to use it. If you don't like it try something else.

The time frame we choose to trade is a business decision just like capital funding, risk, position size, etc. Some people have the time to watch the markets for long periods of time, some don't. Some don't mind doing it, keeps 'em out of trouble. Some mind very much and would rather be having a coca-cola enema than watching that monitor for hours. Some traders think scalpers are scum. and if you aren't trading at H1 or higher you should be shot. Others live for it, it's the reason they wake up every day. There is no "best". They all work the same way. It just takes a little longer on the higher TFs. Every trend you see is a trend inside a larger trend. That 50 pip move you see on M5 or M15 won't even register on some of the higher time frames. The "best" time frame is the one that suits your lifestyle and your personality. But you won't know which one os good for you until you've taken them all for a spin yourself.

Our PMer also mentioned the fact that I sometimes added trades to existing open positions. That is not something I would recommend. It's very risky. There are some rare times when it might work in your favor, but it's not easy to recognize and takes a ton of past real money losses to recognize. Trust me, if you're wrong it will be a very expensive mistake.

Regarding the Trade Explorer demo account on this thread: Don't put too much credibility on it. It's a demo. The results on that thing may not be indicative of live market conditions. I put it there reluctantly. It looks cool. Just kidding. So I made some pretend money for a couple of weeks. I view demo accounts as a chance to see what might work out and what probably won't before I use a live account. That TE is mainly there because visiting traders expect one. I try not to pay too much attention to it. Kinda like the scores from Spring training games in pro baseball. It's nice when you win, but it doesn't mean squat. Not too far in the future I will stop using it anyway. I need to get back to earning some real money again soon.

I don't dislike PMs, but please consider posting your questions and comments here on the thread if it pertains to our subject. I get a bunch of PMs but it's like a ghost town here. If you have a question or comment, there's a very good chance someone else has been wondering the same thing.  Don't be afraid to comment on your results or observations.. Nobody knows who you are anyway, hey, it's the Internet, don't be shy. The only thing I'm dead-set against is turning this thread into an EA and indicator free-for-all. Someone contacted me about creating an EA and I told him I have no objections, but please start a new thread for those who want to do that. The MTF Stochastic isn't my creation. It's part of public domain so I can't say who does what with it somewhere else. This particular MTF stochastic indicator was coded and presented on FF by Cody R in September of 2012.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
It's funny you mentioned this now, I was going to post to update and say I spent this weekend working on my MM (I was not convinced about it) and after not being able to find anything fitting I concluded I needed to use a bigger timeframe to meet my criteria (M15 meets it I believe, if not I will need to check M30). Still working on it, now I have more time during London so I hope to finish it ASAP and continue trading (also bigger timeframe = less screen time so is a win-win to me!). Trade well

--- 帖子 #122 ---
I think it's great that you're doing the work that needs to be done to find the answers. Sometimes we never find the answers we're looking for, but in our search we may see, and possibly learn, things we would have never found if hadn't been looking to begin with.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Hi bobby2, I am testing your system and it seems to have good potential. It would be great if we had an alarm when MTF crosses the 50 level...I haven´t got too much free time to monitor the market, so it could ease our trading. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #124 ---
I agree with you on the alert. I asked for one on the "I'll Code Your Indicator for Free" thread (I think that was the title) but nobody responded. I couldn't code if you put a gun to my head. I don't know. Maybe it has something to do with the fact that it's an MTF indicator. I did see a different MTF indicator a while back on the MLQ5 website, but it was difficult to read, looked more like steps than smooth lines. I'll take another look later.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Thank you, once a wise man told me that the best way to become a successful trader is to create your own system, and that's what I'm trying here, to take your approach and make it mine!

--- 帖子 #126 ---
I'm finished for the day. Had a good trading day despite waking up 2 hours late and missing a bunch of pips after the London Open.

Today is the birthday of my country, the USA. It's been a wild 242 tears. I hope all my fellow American traders have a fun, safe, and jail-free holiday.

I'd also like to take this opportunity to extend warm wishes to to everyone here and across the FF forums regardless  of nationality. Thank you for all the knowledge you've unselfishly shared over the years. I am sincerely grateful. To you all I wish you good health, peace, and prosperity.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Hi bobby, Thanks for sharing your trading system. It seems simple and profitable. I saw your yesterday trades on trade explorer and tried to match your trades with my charts regarding your trading rules in post#1 ,but i wasn't able to do that . perhaps you are using some other rules for your trades or I have missed something.would you please help me clarify this?

Thanks in advance and green pips to you

--- 帖子 #128 ---
thanks to share your nice strategy....i think i will be best approach to develop EA for small time frame instead indicators alerts

--- 帖子 #129 ---
hi booby,

i have been using this on m trading strategies and i want to come by to say something.

has i am not really an expert using this MTF stoch thing, i see that its easier for beginners to trade when mtf stochs break the 50 lvl and the ctf stoch has the same way and slope.

as when they are really near and making the same way, i do not post the print here cause the owner ask for no mods here and i truely need to change the colors of the template.

but with a fast look on your charts i thing everbody will understant what im talking.

i know you said that not necessary.. and its not.. but i also thing thats the easiest trade on the sistem.

second, you can use the alert that you want with some simple mods on the soch dashbord given already here on this thread.

personaly i dont trade all those pairs so i changed the first parameter to only the pair.

change the time frame as i like the 5- 15 mins RR, so instead of the standard 15M,30M,1H i used the 5M,15M, only

change the alert to pop when 2 conditions met instead of 3

keep the 1 bar there is you like

and change the alert option to true

hope it helps

--- 帖子 #130 ---
I'm not sure what it is that you don't understand. I think some of yesterday's trades were re-tracement trades. See post 121.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
You're welcome. You can announce your new EA and your new thread here, once. Stay green.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
This will be the last week I'm going to run the Trade Explorer. I know some want to see it run for like 6 months or so to "prove " legitimacy, blah, blah, blah, yada,yada,yada. I don't have the time for it. Also we're getting close to that time of year when volume starts to dry up as the vacation days start to come.

Besides time and money I'm stopping it for 2 other reasons. First, it's time for me to get back to live trading. The demo is nice but it don't pay the bills. Second, some traders here are spending waaaaaay too much time on the results of that thing. They're watching the scoreboard, but they're not in the game. Their focus is misguided and I'm partly at fault for putting it up.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Hello there,

I am not yet finished with my MM, still running a few tests and I would like to hear any opinion on this kind of MM for M15 and make a question:

-No partial positions, a single trade everytime.

-TP would vary between ~20 to ~30pips (I prefer a manually set and fixed goal than exits with stoch).

-SL little under 10 pips (this way my RRR is between 1:2 and 1:3 taking commisions&spreads into account).

-Moving SL to BE as soon as it progresses a bit.

-> Do you guys think I should include a rule such as "When the operation progresses X pips, move again the SL from BE to +Y pips", could be for example move SL to +10 pips once operation is +15, so at least I cover the cost of one failed operation.

This was today's simulation on that MM I've been working on, and that made me raise the last point as question:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Was lucky with the +30 TP after two BEs and could very well be another BE instead, but if I included the latest rule I would have +10+0+10=+20 pips profit even if the operations didn't run until my TP. Is this fear or is this bagging earned pips? I can't tell, I'm really struggling with the MM (which don't misunderstand me, is great for a change... until I found Bobby's thread my concern was getting won operations).

--- 帖子 #134 ---
I don't care about the colors LOL!! Use whatever colors you want. What I don't want is a thread about useless indicators, the settings on those useless indicators, and maybe if we tweek this and tweek that we can possibly squeeze 3 more pips out of our trades. Our focus here is the MTF Stochastic. That's it. That's the thread. On your own computer I don't care if you add clowns and a tiny dancer on your charts to point out trades. When yo post here use the thread template. Is that so hard? You do whatever it is you do on your computer, when you want to post you switch to the thread template you have saved in your templates folder, take a pic, save it, post it, and then get back to the clowns and tiny dancers.

I also said, more than once, this thread is NOT a trading course. Most of the traders posting here and those who have sent me private PMs who have said they are using or testing what they've seen here are using the MTF Stochastic to enhance their own trading successfully. They all have different approaches. I'm good with that. In fact I'm elated. I say great, good for them.

You can hardly see the price bars on my charts? Neither can I. There's a reason for it. If you bothered reading some of my posts you would know the reason. THE PRICE BARS THEMSELVES ARE NOT THAT IMPORTANT!!! When you understand that, then you'll have some idea of what's going on here.

Just because you have an indication of direction with a high probability of being correct, which is what our MTF Stochastic is for, it doesn't mean you can ignore the other technical facts sitting on your charts or fundamental variables that may have an influence on price. You still have to "look left" on your charts to see what you can see. You still need to have at least a vague idea of what's going on in the world at large. Use your head. Use some common sense. You'll be amazed.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
I'm not ignoring your question. I just don't feel comfortable advising other people on how much risk they should take with their own money. IMO it's a very personal decision that every trader needs to figure out on their own. I hope you find a solution that compliments your trading style. I watch my trades all the time and don't use trailing stops anymore. But if I had to be away from my charts for a long time I'd probably feel differently.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
FOMC minutes in about 45 minutes. I'm outta here with +26 pips. Stay green.

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Hi Bobby2, very interesting system, I have tried other indicator, but no success. I will look into your system. Keep up the good work and thanks for sharing.

by the way, I live close to Chicago, west of O'hare.  Will

--- 帖子 #138 ---
No worries Bobby, I understand. I think I'm gonna just follow my gut here (adding the rule I asked about, as right now I feel is best for my own psychology) and fine-tune the numbers as usual: practise, practise, practise. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Hi guys,

I read on this thread a few of you talking about an MTF stoch with alerts.  As luck would have it we received ours back from our coder just yesterday with alerts for two levels, screen/sound and push notifications.  I messaged Bobby and he's happy for me to upload it so I hope you find it helpful. Cheers.

Attached File(s)   #MTF Stochastic v2.2.ex4

26 KB
|
642 downloads

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Hi Will, welcome to the thread. I live on the Far South Side.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
kasrafx has said he couldn't find my trades from today. Here's an image with aii entries and exits from today Thu, 7/5/2018 marked. As stated earlier it was an FOMC news day. I was scalping a ranging market. Do not PM me and ask me to explain what has already been explained . On this thread there are pictures of live trades, explanations, many examples. Do some work folks. It's not rocket science. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Thanks mistakesr, I'll check it out.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
I have edited the zip file (Indicators and Template) in the original post to include MTF Stochastic v2.2 with level alerts. On the inputs the sound is enabled and the upper and lower levels are both set to 50. If it starts to drive you batty, You can disable the sound (and change the levels) manually if you like. The templates file also includes the IFR Practice Template. Thanks again for sharing mistakesr.
Attached File(s)   MTF Stochastics trading.zip

67 KB
|
750 downloads

--- 帖子 #144 ---
No problem, I hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
how to make it work on mt5?

--- 帖子 #146 ---
I answered your PM, check your box, and so nobody thinks I'm hiding things my answer to the PM was I don't know. It's possible an MT5 version already exists? Maybe mistakesr knows? Try submitting it to a coding thread here on FF or the MQL5 Community thread? Good luck. My platform is MT4. I have never used MT5. And no, we don't want to have a MT4 vs MT5 discussion, please no.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Dear Bobby , Thanks for your reply and sorry if I bother you with my questions. I didn't mean that I couldn't find your trades , maybe I haven't been able to explain my meanings well because of my poor english. Infact I wasn't able to find your rules exactly for these entries . As I see in your entries the MTF STO is below the 50 line and the CTF is moving up and down during your entries and it made me confused to find the rules for your entries. Anyway Thanks again for your reply and wish you green pips.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
It wasn't your question that bothered me. Nobody posts in the thread but I get 10 PM's a day from people who never participate in the thread asking me about rules that are already written, with examples, and they're looking at the every trade on the TE and trying to find them up on their charts and, hey bobby I found some trades that don't match my charts, what's up with that?, ..............What the hell do we have a thread for if my phone is buzzing with PMs all day?

I don't have a problem with people asking questions, and an even less problem with language barriers. People come here, download the template and indicator but don't bother reading the thread. That bothers me.

Don't worry about it. We're good. But please post your trading questions here. Maybe someone else has an opinion too.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
I would say the trades were taken because the CTF and MTF were going in same direction and MTF was indicating sell.

The fourth trade was a bit of an outlier in regards to rules (I think)

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Bobby,

Thanks for your efforts and letting people know about your easy trading system. I was checking that system and your trading exploer for a couple of days and had a good feeling for it.

I know you were already planning to delete the Trading Explorer this week for the reasons you mentioned; it's ok but early today I was looking at you your Trading Explorer and saw you had many eurusd sell trades in which you were having huge losses. Around -150 pips or so. Then in the afternoon I saw that your explorer suddenly disappeared. You could have waited till the week-end but you deleted it before we see the whole week results of you.

I know you do not have to make everybody beleive your system is successful and you don't have to even answer to that question but the thing happened today made me feel a little bit suspicious and may be I do not have enough reasons to feel suspicious so I decided to ask you. What was the problem? Why were you in losses and why did you close the trading explorer when you had big losses?

I am not accusiing you for anything, Just asking my friend. Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
I was screwing around with it, that's all. Decided to have a bit of fun with the USD news, something I would never do with real money.  The demo was going to be toast at London close anyway. I had that thing up for 2 weeks, , win rate a tad above 80 pct., profit factor over 4.0, almost doubled the account, and had exactly one compliment about it the whole time it was up. I'm not fishing for compliments, and now maybe now we can focus on the purpose of the thread instead of that goofy TE demo.

Here"s the way this works, OK? I presented an idea. If it appeals to someone they try it out themselves. If they like it they use it as is or incorporate it into some other method they are comfortable with. Hopefully it benefits them somehow. If they don't like it they deep-six it and move on. Simple, right? You would think so. I'm probably being naive, but I never fully realized how lazy and mean-spirited people could be until I put that TE up. Nut cases popping up out of the woodwork like daily.  You would think I was charging them a subscription fee for signals and I was fleecing them blind. No, I won't be losing any sleep over the demise of the TE.

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Hi Bobby and all traders, I was long time far from FF I was trading alone. As now my vacancy start I have more time to discuss Bobby system.

The idea is awesome and if u master it u can minimise to maximum your losses.

I already tested the system for approximately 3 weeks, first week was for reading well the charts and stochastic movement next 2 weeks was like real trading.

I have proves that the system is perfectly working. In 2 weeks I reached 12 consecutive win with 2 consecutive losses and those losses too small comparing to win.

The idea is to get used how to read stochastic move and master it to reach the perfect result.

Nice amazing work bobby.

--- 帖子 #153 ---
@birpinar, excuse my rant, I forgot to say thank you for the kind words and welcome to the thread. I hope it benefits your trading.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Thanks for the kind words, welcome to the thread, and I hope the information here continues to be of benefit to you.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Hey Bobby

Thanks for this

I am going to be testing this on the daily.

here are my pairs with first trade open.

I will open with the cross of 50 MTF and CTF in direction agreement close when Green MTF crosses 20/80.

Chris
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Thanks for reminding me. We haven't really had much discussion on the higher TFs.

LOL, 28 pairs should do the trick . Just keep in mind is the MTF Stochastic for the Daily is a weekly signal and during a 5-day trading week you'll need patience to wait for any changes in the signal. At times there will be consecutive days when price is going against your position, just as in the lower TFs but on a larger scale.

I think our most difficult task in reading our combo of stochs is when they head in different directions. Is it the beginning of the end, or is it just a temporary pullback? All we can really do is wait to see which stoch blinks first and joins the other. It's a little easier to see on a smaller time frame because it happens faster, but it's really all the same. The only difference is the time needed for things to happen. That's another reason it's important for us to try things for ourselves. In order for trades to be consistently successful, we need to have confidence in our signals and, for better or worse, we only get that from personal experience. Thanks for testing, I look forward to the results.

I also want comment about looking at oscillating indicators in general, such as a stochastic, especially multi time frame oscillators, on a live chart as opposed to a static chart. And if you've been trading for any length of time you know this, so just a reminder. Oscillating indicators represent price movement. During the life span of a price bar on whatever time frame you're watching, price will fluctuate and the oscillator reacts to the change in price, not visa versa. Therefore we need to wait for the close of that price segment to see a final permanent result. The MTF oscillator may not be finished yet because it is measuring price on a different price segment that hasn't finished yet. When you look at static charts all actions have been completed and are final. You may see a signal on your live charts and , depending on the TF, that MTF oscillator might look different later in time. Just a reminder. Little by little as you get more experience watching the signals on live charts you will start to have an idea of which signals look like HP trades and which signals should be ignored. You won't be correct 100% of the time, but with practice, and it's not really all that difficult, but with some practice, your trade selection will improve. That I can promise you.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Hello Ttaro,

Did you manage to find a MTF Stochastic for MT5 ? Please let me know where I can find it.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #158 ---
I'm thinking after Monday London open, later on, we could take a look at some live trades. It doesn't mean I'll give trading signals. That's not possible because we are not predicting, we are reacting. But I'll post a live trade or two if I see them. I'll be watching EURUSD on the M5 and/or M15 time frames. I will use the template I posted for the thread with no other additions to the chart.

We might not get a lot of pips because it will be Monday and it's the 2nd week of July, but at least we can take a look at a few charts and the strategy. I'm not expecting any fireworks but we'll see what we can see.

I know I said I wouldn't do this again, but it sounds like some traders are conflicted / confused, about something, what I don't know, but we'll see if we can clear up any misconceptions. I'll try and be here for the start of the London Open. If I'm not here when it opens I'll be here soon.

Note: cfudge will be monitoring 28 pairs on the Daily charts and I look forward to hearing how that goes. (no pressure cfudge, no pressure)

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Hi Bobby and thanks for your trading strategy. I suppose, that there was a post about using current stochastic with multiplied settings instead of MTF. It gives real-time picture. For example - 66/18/18 for H4 instead of MTF 11/3/3. What do you think about that?

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Just eyeballing your CTF stochastic settings for H4 in comparison with the MTF Stochastic IMO the MTF stochastic gives us better signals for our purposes, determining trend changes, trend duration, and the ability to see if direction change is probably temporary or real. It also appears if you use those settings, a lot of the exits are going to be late, either cutting into half your profits or totally wiping them out.

IF you were to use those settings with a current time frame stochastic you would need different criteria for determining probable trend.direction . Just trade all crosses? Wheen you make rules ithey need to give a trader the confidence to trust in it. I'm not seeing that. I see like a 50-50 chance it might be correct, and then I worry about losing everything on a late exit?

You would need to recalculate the perimeters every time you changed time frames, or have a separate template with the different perimeters for each time frame and change the template every time you switched time frames. Not impossible, but kind of inconvenient IMO.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Hi everyone. I am long EU @ 1.17743 on M15. It's at Resistance, but thats the signal. Trend from M1 to H4 is up. Daily is down, but threatening to climb out of the cellar. Weekly is in a H&S pattern but I don't really care about that right now. Now I ride the MTF stoch to the end , wherever that is. Drahgi speaks later. Oh boy can't wait. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #162 ---
14 traders viewing now, 5 are members: and one of the members is me. Huh?

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Price goes against me at resistance but I'm still in the trade. Stochs have started changing but I haven't heard the portly lady sing yet.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Hello everybody ...

(just an idea of mine : follow the major wave (aka momentum) to increase the odds of the trade)

I am TESTing the MTF Stoch method with a slight change (the parameters are 8,3,3 for both indicators):

I use a quadruple ( X4) timeframe

(I consider the stoch greater as a fractal wave)

to better highlight the hidden or evident divergences in the CTF stoch

... that is ...

(ctf:1m X5 = 5m:upper TF), (ctf:5m X3 = 15m:upper TF), (ctf:15 X4 = 60m:upper TF)

The TEST confirms the buy enter on all TFs ...

... sizing your risk to the potential target (swing: R1R, R2R) and ...
... trading methodology (scalping: R0,5?R)

swing trade

€$ m15 = buy enter @ 1.1744 (h 1:15, @ close candle when the green line exceeds 60%) (maximum potential, to be calculated as target, 30 pips so far)

scalping

€$ m5 = buy enter @ 1,1769 (h 10:10, @ close candle when the green line exceeds 60%) (maximum potential, to be calculated as target, 10 pips so far)

scalping

€$ m1 = buy enter @ 1.17655 (h 09:54, @ close candle when the green line exceeds 60%) (maximum potential, to be calculated as target, 10 pips so far)

P.S.

Possible improvements ...

( ... is an idEA possible?..)

--- 帖子 #165 ---
The MTF stoch starte to cross down on the last close. I did not exit. If it is still crossed down AND the CTF stoch is also going down I'llhave to abandon my long. Keep in mind a couple of things. Ever since today's Daily open, price has been bouncing around in short S&R ranges. Really short. Yet, price always eventually made a new HH along the way. Also, those slap-happy, fun-loving lads in London love to screw around with the proce for a while when they can get away with it. They do things like wait for the last 30 seconds of a price bar to send it the opposite way. Happens a lot. I wouldn't dare accuse anyone in the Forex industry of collusion. Heavens no! bite your tongue. Yet, it happens. Current situation, back to 'ol 1775 again. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Hello mag00, I'm sure you have a fantastic strategy. And I'm sure many  traders would love to hear what you have to say about it....on a different thread. Please don't post it here again. Thank you in advance for your understanding.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
On H1 not even close to a reversal. Looks like a pullback. I'm going to keep this long for a bit. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #168 ---
At one point I was 12 pips in the hole, which isn't all that much in the realm of the universe. During the last 55 minutes price looked like it was going to take a dive, then in the last 5 minutes of the H1 bar suddenly opted for a view from the top. The H1 signal still says up. M30 is flat. M15 has turned up. M5 dipped below 50 but is turning up again. Will it continue up? who knows. This resistance might be a tough nut to crack. If we an stay above 1775 I'll feel better, but for now I'm flying IFR. I'm sure some of this indecisiveness in the market is partly due to anticipation of what my main man Mario might say later. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #169 ---
The yellow dotted line represents around 25 pips. It also represents price possibly taking a stab at 1.18. Could happen.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #170 ---
I exited at 1.17844 for +10 pips. My exit had to with what Price has been doing since I started watching, bouncing around. I decided since I had as many as 14 pips, not to accept less than 9. Plus who knows what NY will do. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Again, nice work here, fellows!

--- 帖子 #172 ---
OK, understood, thanks. Next question is about another version of MTF Stoch (extrapolated), where you can see the current position of MTF. What is the reason for not using it? And another one - the settings 11/3/3 - are they OK for H4 and D1 TF. Seems that 5/3/3 also not bad for higher TF. Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
I don't kbow what you mean by "another version of MTF Stoch (extrapolated)" .

The 11,3,3 perimeters are good for all time frames. All settings are good sometimes.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Hi Tudor, As always, Thanks for your friendship and support.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
The lines do not stop at last higher TF candle close, they continue to move together with current stoch. Ok, sorry, I see you have asked not to post other indies here and it should be respected.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
I missed this signal. Hope some of you caught it. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Good 'ol Mario. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #178 ---
I am needed elsewhere, gotta go. Good trading to all.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Breakeven day for me, missed the good moves (wasn't around near the news on purpose, and I see that was a poor choice), but at least I somehow am "happy" for now with my MM.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #180 ---
sorry if im asking the wrong question but how do i install this template of yours in my platform.

thank you

--- 帖子 #181 ---
I'm assuming you know how to copy and paste on a computer and that your platform is MT4.

1. In your Downloads section on your computer, create a folder and name it.

2. Copy the "MTF Stochastics Trading" zip file from 1st post and paste it in your new folder.

3. Open the zip file with a zip file extractor program. Mine is called "7-Zip", it's free, there are more than one available,. Just look in your search engine for free zip file programs. We use the zip files to post / upload to here because it's easier than uploading each item one at a time.

4. After you extract the file from the zip folder you will see a new file with the name MTF Stochastics Trading file folder

5. Click on that and you will see 2 folders labeled "Indicators" and "Templates"

6. Copy and paste the indicators and template into your MQL4 Indicators and Templates sections.

7. Close your MT4 platform and restart it again.

8 All indicators should now be visible in your Navigator window and the templates should be in your Templates folder.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
I haven't seen any good trading opportunities yet this morning. There was a big spike down on EU, GU, and AU, but I generally don't enter after a spike. Looks to me like the market is conflicted on direction. It's just about that time of year. Welcome to summer trading. Sometimes, when the market is like this it's best to just stand aside and wait it out.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
UJ short @ 111.216 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #184 ---
After watching price bounce up and down for 7 bars I got out. Not worth the effort. +1 pip Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #185 ---
I am finished for today. Kind of a"blllaaaahhhhh" session. Oh well, tomorrow is a new day  Cheers!!

--- 帖子 #186 ---
thank you

--- 帖子 #187 ---
You're welcome.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Mag00

hello, I would be interested in your trading approach for the dax .it the hill unf stcho. Do you still carry them and how is the entry

--- 帖子 #189 ---
The thread rules are clear. On this thread we discuss and post trading with the MTF Stochastic indicator and chart template provided in 1st post only. Consider this a warning. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Many thanks bobby for creating the thread. I have been using stochastics for a quite a while. I do not usually scalp but this morning I was bored. Here a quick scalp on EU this morning - albeit with the confirmation from another template (also stochs)  . Cannot post the live trade as I do not use MT4

As someone who used to watch the Genesis thread when RJ was still there, did you know that both he and Martyfish stopped trading Genesis and now trade using Stochastics? Seems a natural progression. Anyway cannot promise to post too many trades but I will be watching your thread with interest.

May I ask one question? As a rule do you wait for both MTF stoch lines to cross the 50 line or does the green one alone suffice? I have seen examples of both and off course it probably depends on other factors but as a rule...?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Hi Zoog, Yeah, I took same scalp. It was worth around 6. I knew RJ wasn't trading with Genesis anymore. I haven't heard anything from Marty in a while. The green line is good enough for me as a general rule. Yes, you're right other factors that affect ALL trades enter into the decision making process. In the end we are looking for high probability trades. Trade well buddy and thanks for stopping by.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Ka-ching! 'Bout time I caught one of these. The vertical lines were drawn manually, not an indicator. Exit was also manual. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #194 ---
I drew these S&R lines on the present EURUSD 5 minute chart. Think history doesn't repeat itself? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Same lines on different TFs:

M15 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

M30 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

H1 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Salvaged 10 pips from my short. Didn't make it to 1700 or even 1702. Bounced off 1703. That's when I'd seeen enough. +61 pips today, all on EU. I'm finished for today. Stay green!  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Hi Bobby,

Very much enjoying following your thread as it it is so, so close to how I trade.  A question for you, do you find that if you pick out just 1 or 2 pairs at the beginning of each day and follow them religiously for the whole session your results are far more consistent?

--- 帖子 #198 ---
For myself, I've got the same pairs om my monitor every day. Lately it's just been EU, GU, AU, and UJ. I don''t trade AU and UJ much but I like having them there for reference. I usually won't have more than 2 open trades at any one time. I had 6 pairs on there but I got rid of UCad and UChf for reasons I won't get into right now. I have 2 monitors with one dedicated to the charts. The other monitor is to stay current with what's happening in the world and communication.

That's just me, OK? I know traders who only watch one pair and do just fine. I know traders with 28 pairs on one monitor and simply respond to alerts. I know traders who watch currency meters and dashboards to choose their pairs. I also know traders who use paid services that tell them what to watch. They're happy with what they've chosen and so am I.

IMO consistency happens when you know a thing well and have been through a lot together. Doncha think?

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Good Morning

Two trades on dax this am. One for loss of 11 pips and the other profit of 31. Off now to have breakfast. Have a good day.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Almost an exact repetition of this morning. First trade loss of 15, second trade profit of 30. Fine by me if it continues in this way.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
GBPUSD short a few minutes ago. Happened fast. +25 pips Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Hey Zoog, I think that 2nd re-entry was a good one. The 1st one had momentum going against it (CTF Stoch down, MTF stoch up). Glad it worked out. Just my 2 cents. Stay green.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Thanks very much for the reply. I've tried both, 22 pairs waiting for signals and just 2 waiting for entries and personally I'm finding 1 or 2 pairs and sticking to them gives me far better results than flitting all over the place looking at signals.  Maybe it's just me but I find just sticking to 1 or 2 pairs I'm way more focused which has been a definite weakness of mine. Give me M15 signals on 22 pairs and I'm a bit like a deer in the headlights.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
News will move price today. In a few mins ECB Monetary Policy Meeting Accounts, an hour later USD high impact news. I'm aside for now.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Hey Bobby, many thanks for sharing this methodology. Much appreciated! Studying now on the DAX and EURUSD both M1 and M5. Once ready I wil share my experience.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Couldn't resist. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Hello there,

it has been a breakeven week so far, until today, when I got -1%! Still taking notes and fine tuning entries a bit to be in line with my MM, getting there, this picture should speak by itself haha:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trade well

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Took +4 and I'll count my blessings on that trade. I'm up about 29 pips today. Think I'll just watch from the sidelines for a bit. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Hey bobby,

I just read through the whole thread, and I like what you shared so far.

The MTF system looks simple to learn and hard to master at first glance.

When i have time i will try to fit my personal MM approach on the system and see what happens.

Since its really hard to backtest those kind of stuff it will be the best to forward test it on a small account (i dont like demos).

Usually i try to have a fixed MM system. It looks like you are more flexible with your SL and TP decisions.

Thats a skill i havent mastered yet, so maybe this system will show me the way.

My current system is very boring to execute but in the long run it works.

But since its so boring im constantly looking for new stuff that fits to me and im glad i found this thread

When i start to trade your system i will try to post some trades, or maybe start a trade explorer.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Welcome. Looking forward to seeing your results.

On the subject of a trading method being boring, when someone finds a successful "way", one that delivers what they are after most of the time, if they're smart, they don't change a thing and simply keep repeating the process the same way every time. IMO it only gets boring when we stop seeing the value in what we're doing.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
First of all i wanne thank you for you contribution to this forum so far, i really believe this method has a lot of potential.

Testing it for a week now, and the amount of ''safe'' trades are actually pretty amazing.

The only thing i added was a smoothed 130 MA, just to trade with the ''flow''

Personally i only trade when the 50 line is hit, and only got good results so far.

My little contribution to this tread for now is the thing i find interesting and seems to repeat almost every day(?)

It seems like the best opportunitys are around the london open, and the NY open (where you could find a reversal a lot of times), maby you already seen it, but if you look at the chart you see what i mean.

Hope this helps someone, i will try to contribute from now one when i found something usefull

(sorry for my english not my native language)

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Well its not that i dont value my way of trading, but the problem is, that i get around 3-5 trades a month.

It just seems that your strategy gives more action, while having an edge when executed properly, and thats exactly what im searching for.

So thanks for sharing your findings bobby!

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Thanks Ftj, If it helps you then it's all good.

I'm sure most of the traders trying this out have some extra things on their charts that don't show up here. Whatever you do on your own charts is, of course, your business. I have no problem with that. All I ask is if you post trade results please use the thread template.

No need to apologize for not being a native English speaker, I think your English is very good. That is not a problem here. I completely understand.

I look forward to seeing your trading results.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
OK, trading. Woke up 2 hours after London Open. I gotta stop that. There have been some very good opportunities at that time lately. But, life goes on. Haven't opened any positions yet today. I'll post if I do.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
i watched the EUR/USD 5 min chart today, and my question is, how long do you actually wait when the mtf stoch is crossing the 50 line?

because sometimes there is a cross, and the ctf is also pointing in the right direction, but 15-30 min later it repainted.

Are we waiting until it cant repaint or what kind of filter do you use because especially in ranging markets like today, there are many false signals in the live chart, that arent visible 30 min later.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
The premise of this thread is: Everything you need to recognize a High Probability Trade (HPT is in that one sub-window containing the MTF Stochastic and the Current Time Frame (CTF) Stochastic. If I'm honest about it, you can delete the price bars too. We are trading by reading those 2 indicators. That's it. There are no extra filters. There are only the 2 stochastic indicators. If thre were filters I would have said so in the original post. No filters. No other indicators.

Now, to your questions about waiting to enter and the re-painting of the MTF Stochastic, and you asked about the 5 minute time frame, but the same holds true no matter which TF you're looking at where the MTF Stochastic is available.

".....how long do you actually wait when the mtf stoch is crossing the 50 line?" "....sometimes there is a cross, and the ctf is also pointing in the right direction, but 15-30 min later it repainted. Are we waiting until it cant repaint.....  The answer is not "how long?" we wait, it's "what we see" when it occurs. I want to see the MTF Stochastic at or having just crossed the 50 line AND the Current Time Frame (CTF) Stochastic moving in the same direction. Ideally I would like to see that the CTF Stochastic has passed the 50 line just ahead of the MTF Stochastc or at least at the same time. I am wary of a CTF Stochastic that lags behind the slower MTF Stochastic. Upon seeing this occur we have a decision to make. Enter or don't enter. It's decision time. We are not waiting for anything. How do we know? Know what? Oh, how do we know if that signal will result in profit or loss? The truth is we don't. It's called a High Probability signal for a reason. Nothing is cerertain. No promises. No guarantees. But the probability of successfully choosing the best trades is when everything I described above happens. If you watch these signals long enough you will see what I mean. You have to trust the signals. It's the only way you can use this way of trading.

Also if you watch it for too long, the opportunity will have vanished and you are imagining what might have, could have, should have, been.

RE: Repainting: I have had this debate about repainting indicators so many times it's not funny anymore. Everyone here should know the difference between repainting and non-repainting indicators. The MTF Stochastic Indicator that we are using does not repaint!   Why m I making such a big deal out of this? Because if I let it go 2 things will happen. 1) The indicator gets a bad rep just by association. "Psst, I heard that indicator repaints." "Oh, it looks good on the static charts. Try using it live. Mercy! It repaints!!" Which is not true. And 2) Because of the debate about whether it is or it isn't, we waste a lot of time arguing a moot point. ALL MTF indicators need the designated time that they represent to complete their signal. Oscillators, by their very nature are designed to represent changes in price as they happen. If you are see a different thing than you saw 15 or 30 minutes ago, it means things have changed.

Here is a blank 5 min. chart with only the MTF Indicator. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now here is the same chart (slightly enlarged) with lines showing when the indicator changed course even slightly, but permanently. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you look at the times those lines represent, every one of them is 15 minute marker. Now let's look at the same chart, with time lines and price bars(color lightened for better visual.) Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's look at a full chart with the CTF Stochastic (again lightened for this sampling) Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is what I see. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I hope this answers the questions and I hope it helps somebody. Stay green everyone

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Thanks for your detailed answer.

I forgot that the word "repaint" has such a bad connotation, and it misses the point i was wondering about.

Basically i was asking myself if you would take a nice setup at lets say 14.05, or would you wait until the current 15 min candle is finished or nearly finished.

And if you took a trade at 14.05, but when the 14.15 candle is finished the setup is not valid anymore, do you just cancel it?

Im just wondering about the timings with this strategy because my experience with such an indicator is limited and im trying to understand how to deal with the fact that a cross can appear and 15min later be gone because price took the other way around and the stoch lines with it (up to a certain point).

--- 帖子 #219 ---
I understand your concerns. I also might add that Friday and Monday are not the best days to evaluate market conditions. But Friday it is and if I am correct, you are probably referring to the couple of times today that the market kind of faked us out. I also want to say on behalf of stochastic indicators everywhere, they did not lie. They followed price. They did their jobs. Price was the liar. Let's blame Price. But if you took the signals I marked on the chart below, you still made a profit. If you were fortunate to have caught the Frankie short or hopped on at the London Open you made out even better. All I can tell you is consolidation before trends is common, it's a giant PITA, it's part of the business, and the indicator that tells you beforehand that a price move will not be going as high or as deep as you would like in the future does not exist.

When you have a chance put a 60ema on your 5 min EU chart for today. (I won't do it because it's against my own rules). You will see what happened with Price. The stochastics didn't lie. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #220 ---
EU longs @ 1699 and 1700. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Hi

Long for +40 points, short -11

Will now wait for Dow.

Have a good day.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
super

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Nice long on GU. I saw thar trade too late. Still long from 1699 and 1700. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #224 ---
EU is a dog. ARF! Exit both +11 total. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #225 ---
EU re-entry on CTF stoch retrace. Green line tgt is RN 1.1725 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Hey i am in almost the same EU trade.

I just took half of the position out and made the rest at least break even so lets see where it takes me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I wasnt there but i think i would have taken a small loss on a short trade at 10.15h

This was a legit entry wasnt it?

greetz

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Tgt hit (Well, almost hit, High was 1.17246, tgt was 1.17250), +14 pips Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Yeah, that short was a signal all right, but it looks lie either a BE or small loss trade. And now that I loo at EU on the M15 chart, the longs look a lot better there. Oh well, hindsight is always 20-20. I'm not complaining

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #230 ---
i went the same kinda short on EU (only spectating one market at the beginning) and went out +2 pips kinda break even.

Overall a nice first day testing your strategy.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Hi Bobby, can you help me why you exit on this one since i dont see any cross of MTF stoch yet ? To me it could be just a pull back. Actually i took the same trade but exited 6 or 7 bars later which is at BE.

Thanks a lot Bobby

--- 帖子 #232 ---
RN (Round Number ) target, 1.32500, it hit it and bounced up. Instead of waiting around to find out how high it would bounce, I took profit. And I just missed another nice RN trade worth about 15 pips as I typed this. They often happen quickly. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Has anyone been trading this system on a live account with any success? Looks interesting.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Check this out guys, https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=299608

Look at the MTF Stochastic Ultra indicator on this page, (not trying to alter this system in any way as per thread starters request), but this MTF Ulta Stochastic shows you exactly what the stochastic looks like in the set higher timeframe. Some people may prefer to use it as their MTF indicator, plus has some other cool MTF indies to check out.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Just started today to trade this system on a live account. I think its to early to evaluate my capability of being successful with this strategy.

Maybe in one or two month, when im a little bit more advanced with this strategy i will make a public trade explorer.

But i think its definitely possible to make it a winning system when you have enough experience.

Like its possible to have success with so many other systems, the question is: does it fit to your personal style or not.

Certainly its not a system for beginners, at least from my perspective.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Thanks a lot Bobby and im really sorry for those missed pips.

Regards

--- 帖子 #237 ---
What currency pairs are recommended when trading this system?

--- 帖子 #238 ---
As stated in the original post, no it is not for beginners, and yes, it does take some practice. I wish I could change that, but I can't. But I will say this. If you set up a demo with the IFR practice charts that are included in the zip file on page 1 and just for the hell of it, take every signal you see for a month, you don't worry about news, you don't look at support and resistance or round numbers, Trump tweets, Drahgi speeches, you don't care about quarterly levels or what the DAX is doing. You don't care about nuthin' except what those 2 stochastic indictaors in that little window under your charts are doing. I can ALMOST guarantee 2 things. 1) You will have made a profit, and 2) You will have made a very big step in becoming proficient at interpreting the stochastic signals. Later, if you want to add MAs, EMAs, all kinds of lines and indicators, bells and whistles, alerts and colors, be my guest. but I would bet that in time you would see that you never needed them to trade successfully.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Oh no chris, actually you did the right thing. You executed your trade according to the rules and you made a good trade. You traded well. That is the discipline we want to have. Trust the signals and trade the plan. That's it. If you do that 6-8 times out of ten you probably get a winner. You broke even or lost only a few pips. It's all right. You don't want it to happen often, but it's going to happen. No, you did well IMO.

But you might want to keep in mind that often, not always, but often, price will bounce or stall around these round numbers. They're easy to remember. 00, 25, 75. 00. So let's say EU is now a1.17083. The next highest RN is 1.17250 and the first RN below is 1.17000. If you can remember that you don't need any lines. When they approach these numbers you can watch Price's reaction. If it plows right through then just stay in the trade. But if it stalls or bounces ou may want to exit rather than watching your profit disappear. Just because we have exit rules doesn't mean we can't exercise a little common sense. Right?

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Oh brother. You read and understood the rules but decided not to follow them anyway. Congratulations, you made bobby2's Ignore list, only the 2nd person in 8 years. And if anyone encourages this yahoo to continue making asinine posts (what pairs are best? Who's successful with a live account?) you'll make the list too.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
WOW, so very TRUE, love what you wrote, bobby2!!

1) Have a PLAN/RULES
2) Execute your PLAN based on it's RULES

and if I may, add this
3) After every trade, RATE your "execution" of your plan (eg. number 1 through 5), NOT whether or not it was a win or loss.
4) Do a monthly evaluation of your plan execution, and reward yourself or not, based on the numbering criteria you set.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
GREAT, please continue to keep a tight reign over the thread, or it will be overrun by "spaghetti charts", agenda pushers, EGO maniacs, and thread hijackers!!

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Bobby, what session indicator are u using?

GLw/ thread.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hi Bobby and all here

And yet he is right!
Ultra-Stochastic, consistently on the higher TF, does not repaint and is an excellent indicator. A small and minimal improvement at your MTF Stochastic

I have one with color line

Too bad that you are systematically closed to any improvement

But your strategy is and remains a very good strategy

Thank you for sharing

jean-françois

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Attached File(s)   Market_Open_Lines c.ex4

7 KB
|
351 downloads

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Saw that one in the paperclip, however wanted to make sure.  Cheers

--- 帖子 #247 ---
"Too bad that you are systematically closed to any improvement"

I'm surprised at you le celte. Do you really think I just woke up one day, rolled out of bed, and suddenly decided to start this thread without having investigated what options were available, including the Ultra Stochastic indicator. There isn't much out there I haven't seen or tried.

You also implied that MTF Stochastic 2.1 repaints. We have just been through that here. It does not repaint. That is another explanation that I have covered here, if you've read the thread.

You're not a rookie and I would think an experienced trader like yourself would be able to understand what is actually going on here. If you've read the thread, I've explained it more than once. I won't waste my time again.

And finally, for the umpteenth time, I don't really care what indicators you use!!! Use them all!!! Go for it, put 'em all on there!!! Knock yourself out!!! But when you post here please use the thread template.

I feel like I'm spending more time asking people not to break the thread rules than discussing actual trading. I hate arguing with people all the time about the same thing. Please follow the rules. Please. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Not too good a day on the Dax. Four trades. Three BE and one loss of 18 points. 2 trades on EU. One for 5 and one for 18. GU one loss of 9 and one win of 38. All in all just about flat as I trade larger size in Dax. I closed EU and GU as I have to go out. Back for Dow open. Have a great day

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Thanks for sharing Zoog. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
For me it was great day for the system.

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Good to hear !!

--- 帖子 #252 ---
I am in vacancy from trading but signals was awesome I couldn't resist.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
I work in the mornings so miss the London open

Yesterday I closed with a 2 pip loss and today i closed the G/U with +38. Not bad for day two

@bobby. Your template file im using is showing price values in the top right that are static and same across all pairs. Is there an indicator missing from the zip or was this saved to the template by accident? unless ive messed up of course which is way more likely

--- 帖子 #254 ---
I'll check the folder. Be right back................You're right. Thanks for pointing it out. Here is the indie for that. The download in the 1st post has now been edited to include Market Price. Sincere apologies to all. Attached File(s)   market price.ex4

3 KB
|
271 downloads

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Dear Bobby2.

Ill break my silence in FF, just to say, Thank You.

I like your approaching using the Stoch, Im a avid Stoch user but not for "entries" just for "exits", BUT, you make me change my rules, and my Options (Stock Market) and Forex trading was good, but now is going better and better and better deploying your approach.

I was trying one week to do the blind flying trading, hahahahaaa thats was crazy. I learned a lot.

one more time, Thank You.

Best

George.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Thank you, that worked a treat

--- 帖子 #257 ---
lolol... just ignore

--- 帖子 #258 ---
A loooooong time ago, before becoming interested in Forex, I dabbled in commodity futures contracts and options but I don't have any experience in securities or securities options. FF is a Forex trading forum, but just out of curiosity I'd be interested if this strategy is any benefit to you in that trading niche. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
in short: YES

Im trading the two worlds, Options with a really nice broker USA based.

the markets are mostly the same, but in options the timing is a killer

but, adding your 50 line Stoch ("0" line for me), to my strategy, everything is going smooth and easy.

for smooth and easy, please read, SMOOTH AND EASY.

Best

George

--- 帖子 #260 ---
That is good to hear  !!  I'm happy it's working out well for you!

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #266 ---
This is my trade today.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
OK, I hope everyone made some pips today. Think I've had it for now. Cheers! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Hi Bobby don't want to bother you to much with stupid quetions because i totally understand how annoying it is, but do you maby know if it's possible to get an e-mail alert programmed into the Mtf stoch, when the MTF crosses the 50 line. I'm a student and got my mobile always with me, but not my computer. It would make this ''system'' a bit more portable.

Still practicing with the entrys, only buying/selling when the 50 is hit, but sometimes goes a bit bad (my own greediness), but when executed right it's amazing.

Thanks for helping is with information and questions bobby!

Lots of green pips!

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Hello, Today I had deals 50/50 and I noticed that #MTF Stochastic draws, is there an alternative to this indicator, the main thing is not to draw?

The author is happy for the trading strategy!

--- 帖子 #270 ---
MTF Stochastic v2.2 with level alerts was provided by mistakesr. He coded it from v2.1 that has no alerts. I'm not a coder so I don't know how difficult it is to add push notifications. mistakesr or someone here with coding experience can answer better that than I.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
I've seen a bunch of alternatives. You can find them on the MLQ5 forum. There are a bunch of other threads here on FF offering MTF indicators. But you won't find them here. We don't use them and this is not an indicator thread. Please read ALL of Post #1 before continuing to participate here. Good luck with your search.

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Hi everyone,

The MTF stoch v 2.2 already has push notifications but I didn't code it as I know about as much as Bobby about coding.  We used the same guy we've been using for 3 years developing an EA.  Scroll down to the bottom of the inputs and you will see Alert Email and Alert Notification, change those to True.

I keep reading on this thread about the stoch repainting, for the record it DOES NOT repaint, it is the nature of all MTF indicators.  As an example if you are trading M5 and set the stoch to M15 then it has to wait for the M15 candle to close before it can present a true picture.  That's just the way MTF's work.

Good luck in your trading, stochs rock!

--- 帖子 #273 ---
thank you very much! was using 2.1 thats probably the reason why i couldn't find it.

In that case sorry for asking such an obvious question woeps

Have a great evening (or day depends where you life)

--- 帖子 #274 ---
After receiving permission from Bobby I'd like to share with you a tool I had built for me by a coder about 3 years ago and I use it most days. I must emphasize it is only a tool to help you pick pairs to trade each day and has nothing to do systems, entries, exits or anything else. It's simply something that points me in the right direction or prompts me to go take a look at a particular pair to see if I feel that pair is worth trading that day, in other words, it saves me time. If you're a trader that only trades 1 particular pair or 2 or 3 pairs then this will be of no use to you whatsoever but if you like to scan the whole 28 to see what's cooking then you might find it helpful and a time saver.

I called it the Matrix Scanner and it is based on moving averages. I've found trading on lower time frames such as M5/M15 if you can find pairs that are trending on an intraday basis then your results can be vastly improved regardless of the trading system you use. All this tool does is tell you if your chosen MA's are aligned on different time frames, it's very simple. My personal choice is the 1EMA which is basically price action, the 10EMA and 50EMA but there is no right or wrong MA's, it's a personal choice. As I trade M15 the time frames I use are M15, H1 and H4 but the indi is quite flexible and will allow you to choose any time frames you want and also the type of MA's.

If all 3 time frames are aligned in either direction, long or short, then I feel it's worth taking a look at that chart, if not I usually go pass and look for something better. Again, it is just a tool but I'm happy to share it with anyone that might find it useful.

Edit: For newer traders please don't put this on your main trading charts, it will be a complete mess.  Open up a brand new chart, go to properties, take everything off such as grids etc and make the background black and then place the scanner on the chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   MatrixScanner_v1.0.ex4

47 KB
|
502 downloads

--- 帖子 #275 ---
nice! Thanks for sharing!

but it hangs up my PC

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Thanks mistakesr. I'll add it to the 1st post so everyone can find it easily.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
this is quick 10 pip trade.

unfortunately i missed the morning trade that was very very good one. i was not at my desk.  ( how ever id i was i would just take the very 10-15 pips of it.)

i hope you all had a good day trading

--- 帖子 #278 ---
first time trying this strategy and its been win all day.... is it always a win win situation with this strategy?

anyway still testing.... cheers

--- 帖子 #279 ---
No system is a 100% win, but like bobby said, when executed right and by following the rules their will be plenty of high probability trades, and thats the power of this system!

--- 帖子 #280 ---
I'm only going to do this once. Please don't ask again. Please!!! No more PMs on how successful is.....blah, blah, blah, blah, blah..........? Driving me crazy. What other people do with the same tools has nothing to do with you. I have a hammer, you have a hammer. Just because I know how to frame a house, doesn't mean you can too. You might also be better at it than me. Only one way to find out. Start building.

This is a summary of my results from a small live account I opened on Friday, July 13, 2018. Trading stats are from Sunday, July15, 2018 to today, Thursday, July 19, 2018. I know it's only 4 days. Unless you want to post all your financial info here for the whole world to see, it's all you're getting. Why this, why now? To show what is possible and to shut all the nosy people up. I traded the same method as this thread shows. Nothing more. The pip total for this is about 140 pips, give or take a few, at .5 lot each. I am not encouraging anyone to emulate my money management. I know the lot size is high for the available equity. When it reaches a certain point the lot size will be decreased because the margin will double. My broker charges a commission per trade, about $3.50 for .5 lot size.on an ECN variable spread account.so one pip is for the broker, the rest is for me. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #281 ---
LOL!! No, not always. You're going to lose. I guarantee it. But IMO the losses should be manageable. Let us know how your testing turns out. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #282 ---
One and only trade i had today on EU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So far so good.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
lol...... the simplicity of this method is what will make some people think.... oh no forex can't be this simple... all i can say is thank you @bobby2

finally had one loss AUDUSD... 8 trades(7wins, 1 loss)

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Thank you very much for this helpful tool !!

Could you please make it less slowing down mt4 like bars in history limited to 500 or what else a coder can do? That would be nice.

Is ma 1, 2, 3 meant for the order of choosen Timeframes or from upper to lower tf?

Regards

--- 帖子 #285 ---
waiting to cross up again , and reload long AU

--- 帖子 #286 ---
wait till it crosses below 50 reload short again .

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Just joking , this system is slow crap shit .

I have my own system to predetermine the accurate Reversal zone .

Peace .

--- 帖子 #288 ---
sorry i made your asses burned .

--- 帖子 #289 ---
I think you might be getting the hang of this . Good job!

--- 帖子 #290 ---
There ya go. Nice job!

--- 帖子 #291 ---
This ones's a no-brainer. You'll have to troll elsewhere. Ignored.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
I hope you only have one instance of the indi on MT4.  Personally I've not experienced it slowing down my computer.  It's up to you how you list the time frames but it makes sense to me to go from the smallest to the largest from bottom to top.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

CAD High Impact news in 15 min. I'm out. +14 pips Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #294 ---
My Friend,

Check EURNZD, please.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
What about it? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #296 ---
2 short on EURO open .

i missed the long trades.

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Some is always better than none. Right? You'll get 'em next time. Neat thing about the market. There's always a next time  I just missed an extra 25 - 30 pips because I am worthless when it comes to trading news events, so I usually bug out just before if I'm in profit. I've gotten pretty badly burned in the past so I'm kinda news-shy. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Yes you're Right. some better than none. that's because we don't know what will happen the next candle. so i always prefer to have some little and secure profit than huge profit but risky.

when it comes to MONEY everything will be confusing.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
You are looking at 5 minutes chart

go to 1h or 4h, Im in 1.7256 = SELL

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Looks to me like it's a tad late to enter now. Happy for you though

--- 帖子 #301 ---
EU trade went well.

Couldve been better but sadly i had to leave my PC at the time i closed it.

But still a nice thing

i see bobby you had almost the same trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Earlier in the thread I was getting the impression you were going to give up on this. Glad you hung around. It looks like you're starting to catch on. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #303 ---
For those of you that like to change currency pairs and find it kind of crowds the monitor, or if you're using mitakesr's Matrix Scanner, you might find this selector tool useful. I will add it to the Trading Tools on the 1st post also.  Attached File(s)   Symbol changer 1.1 separate.ex4

15 KB
|
281 downloads
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #304 ---
I hope everyone had a profitable week. Have a great weekend!!

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Hi Bobby, I'd like to know your opinion about the entry(buy) at the point shown here, is that ok?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and also selling at this point

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Hi kasrafx, both entries look good to me. Unfortunately price didn't cooperate. I see on both charts price went your way after a bit of a fake-out. Still, if you had taken those signals it looks like maybe you lost a couple of pips at the most. It happens sometimes.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Maybe this happened because it's been a Friday which is usually a bad day for trading.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Hi

And also when the boys of the city are holidays in Bermuda (July and August).

Or when prices are ranging, in a narrow canal

Its not a perfect strategy, not an holy Grail. But a very very good one

cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Friday. friend or foe?  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Nice catch Bobby! got in that one too, but went out a lot faster, still gotte work on my exits, because making pips with it is ''easy'' but getting out is sometimes a bit difficult (greed).

I've seen the past 1.5 week the power of the system so when i feel ready i'm gonne switch to my live account.

Have a great weekend! hopefully i can show as fast as possible some green pips to you!!!

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Thanks for your explanation , perhaps I need more practices  on my exits.

green pips to you

--- 帖子 #312 ---
LOL! Don't we all  Don't be too hard on yourself. It get's better over time, but everybody, regardless of experience or method, has stories about the ones that got away.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Bonjour,

A specialized journalist once asked this question to a successful trader:

- What is your secret?

- I still close too soon

To meditate

cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Bobby, Following this thread with interest. Thank you very much for sharing your knowledge.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Welcome aboard.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Happy Monday everyone! My internet connection just went out during these 2 shorts on EU and GU. I immediately went to my phone's MT4 app and just closed both positions. Still managed to grab +23 pips. Connecton just came back. Happens early mornings sometimes. Server maintenance. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #317 ---
nice trade. i got them too. but closed early.

i hope it happens on NY season again.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Hi
for your 23 morning green pips

May I ask you who is your Broker?

Mine is Global Prime (still demo)

jf

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Thanks. The account for those trades is with Trader's Way. I'm not trying to be snarky, but lets not start discussing brokerages. FF has a separate forum for that and once the opinions and horror stories start flying it never ends. Definitely a thread killer Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #320 ---
I am not trying to create controversy!

It's only because I thought Brokers (in general) "love" us as long as we lose. And close our accounts more or less long term, when we are, when we become, winners ...

cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #322 ---
No, I wasn't suggesting you were trying to stir up controversy. Not at all. I'd just  rather we didn't discuss them here. That's all.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Hi, I didn't find any information about stop-loss.. Where do you place it? Thanks

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #325 ---
And here's what (usually) happens when you don't trust your signals, or just don't pay attention . Now I owe myself 16 pips. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Hi all! Bobby2, what do you think about trall? Why you dont use it?

--- 帖子 #327 ---
You dodn't find any info on stop loss? Hmmm.....From 1st Post, "Stop loss or no stop loss, lot size, time frame. etc all up to you. Most of the traders who will come here don't need me for that, I hope........."

--- 帖子 #328 ---
I took my first non EU trade today.

Things were looking good on UJ for me (especially in conjunction with the picture on M15 at the time i took the trade)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i tryed to hang in a bit after the exit signal but decided not to greed to much since the initial SL range was already done in winning pips by factor 1.5

greetz and stay green guys

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Today i used this system for the first time, all green pips!

i hope for tomorow the same

thx for sharing

--- 帖子 #330 ---
another quick 10 pips.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Welcome aboard. I hope it serves you well.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
USD pairs got a little bumpy after the NYO. I'm going to call it a day while I'm ahead. GU still owes me 16 pips. I have all week to collect. That's exactly how I approach losses. I may have to eat some pips at times but tomorrow is another day and eventually I'll get 'em back.

Oh yeah, I almost forgot. AndrewZ asked earlier, "Hi all! Bobby2, what do you think about trall? Why you dont us what I think of trailing stops and why don't I use them.

I don't use them because I usually trade 5-15 min TFs and I don't think they're useful in ranging markets, which is like 80% of the time. I think they're useful in trades where you want to guarantee a gain of no less than say 20-30 pips. But under 10-20 pips the odds are you're going to get hit for the bare minimum most of the time. I used to use a trade manager EA that set SL, TP, and TS, but I just feel better doing it myself. I exit all trades manually.

The other reason is I try to let my signals tell me when to get out. When I follow my rules that usually works out OK for me. I have confidence that if I follow my rules I will profit 70-80% of time.Some profits are small, some are larger. Once in a while I drop the ball. But, that's not even the point. The point is to trade well consistently. I believe this method helps me do that. Today I broke my rules and I paid for it. It was my fault, not my broker, not my Internet provider, not advice from another trader, not some software that says if price hits a certain number the trade and my money are gone forever. It's my money, my time, my life, my business, and all decisions, good and bad,  are my responsibility.

As for stop-losses in general, again this just me, I'm not advocating that anyone copy what I do, I don't use a hard stop-loss. If price is going against me I will decide when enough is enough. It varies according to the day's price action, the currency pair, and what the profit/loss situation is at the time. I don't, and I won't, ever, advise anyone, especially people I have never met, what they should do with their money. It's none of my business. This thread is here to tell you 4 things with a high degree of probability. 1) Which direction price will probably go for at least the near future. 2) Where to enter and why. 3) Identifying reversals and pullbacks (temporary reversals). and 4) Possible areas for exiting an open position.

There are a thousand and one ways to manage open positions. What works for me might mean financial ruin for you. I may take risks that you would not. In this business, always, always,  do whats best for you and yours.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
I do Agree with you 100%.

I always say that the market is Dynamic not Static. we can not say we can get 30pips profit for all of the trades or 30pips stop loss for all the trade is ok. i think its not going to work this way. because the market is not Static. its Dynamic. it always moves around, and like the market we humans are different , we can not expect all the people can do the same thing because we are not Robot, we think and make decisions and we make mistakes , some do more some do less.

we have to find out how much loss and how much profit we can effort, we have to find out by ourselves.

I always get 10-15 pips and then  Exit , because i think it works for me better. some wants more so they stay longer for more profit.

Forgive me because of my bad English. Because English is not my native language.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
hellow bobby2  we cant's use this strategy anytime frame?

--- 帖子 #335 ---
I have a fulltime job and i use this system on 1hour chart. Works very good. All green pips today

--- 帖子 #336 ---
reader1:  Clearly explained on Post #1

TRADING GUIDELINES (Both stochastics are set at 11,3,3, the MTF stochastic imputs are set at Next Highest TF.)

1. Trade ONLY in the direction of the MTF stochastic. That is the green and red one.

2. There is a pink line at the 50 level on the stochastic. Above 50 means the trend is up. Below 50 means the trend is down.

3. There are no predictions. I don't know where price will go. The stochastics will tell us when to enter and when to exit. Do not assume anything.

4. Greed kills. Remember that. Don't be looking for every single pip in a trend. You'll be disappointed on a regular basis.
5. This will work on all time frames except the monthly. We don't have a yearly MTF stoch. More on the time frames above the Daily later.

--- 帖子 #337 ---
For all the new members who are joining, take your time to read the first post of a tread please! lots of Tread starters have a life too, their are no dumb questions, but we can all make it everyone a bit more easy by just reading the most important post, the first one.

Green pips too you all! no hate no worries! but i've seen lots of irritation on tread begin because of this kind of things (reading on this forum since 2016)

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Bonjour tout le monde,

It is sometimes difficult to trade when there is a shift of several bars between the Stoc MTF (higher) and the current bar

On M15 or M30 it is ok, there can be only one bar of difference (higher is only X 2)

But on M5 (higher is x 3) or H1 (x 4) or H4 (x 6) ! ...

Cheers

jf

--- 帖子 #339 ---
What do you mean by "a shift" of several bars? I'm not sure I understand.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Hi Bobby

Very good day on the Dax. Took 130 points this am. Enough for me for the day so I am off to the beach for late lunch

No time to post the chart (as I mentioned I do no use MT4 for trades, only for charting). Anyway once again many thanks.

To those using stochastics for the first time, I would strongly recommend you use Bobby's practice tpl. It will give you a feel for how it works. It would be better on a simulator rather than BT because the 15m stochastic can and will redraw until it closes and on the BT you will not see that.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #342 ---
I understand your question. But, not really so hard. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Hi All,

I am forward testing this to get a feel. Great method, since I already trade a stochastic on multiple time frames, it's nice to have everything on one view.

Today :

+13 pips USDJPY,

+13 GBPUSD,

+8 USDCAD could have let run longer

-14 USDJPY looked like a good setup but then reversed on me.

These were all taken off the 15 minute time frame.

Not a bad start.

Thanks Bobby

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Hi Yana, nice trading. Thanks for posting, and welcome!

--- 帖子 #345 ---
and another green day

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Hy,

I have the same problem.

How can risolve it ?

Thank you
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #347 ---
If you can't see the charts, you should try :

1) Adjusting the resolution on your monitor.

2) Eye glasses.

3) Clicking on the image to enlarge it.

4) Manually changing the colors on your own charts to suit your taste.

5) All the above.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Thanks for the templates Bobby

Forward testing; got a bit whipsawed today:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #349 ---
You're welcome. Thank you for posting your charts and welcome to the thread.

Yeah, I agree. So far today has not been productive, for me anyway. I know it's difficult to hold a position when price bounces in a tight range and the signals are changing. You have to wait for the time period that your MTF Stochastic is printing to finish its cycle. It can be , oh how can we say, a bit exciting

I bailed out twice this morning on two EU longs. In hindsight I probably did the prudent thing. But they weren't good trading decisions. They were emotional decisions, and that isn't a good habit to have. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Tell me about it

FOLO:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #351 ---
i think the GU market from today until now might be the most difficult phase with this strategy.

But overall the winners should easily pay the losers in the long run.

The trick is, to gain so much experience that you can exit those bad ones early

best of luck for the rest of the day

--- 帖子 #352 ---
It's seasonal. Every year around this time till around the 1st week of September big money takes their vacations. Volume is lower, and we see erratic signals. Our trending strategies depend on high volume during peak trading times. There are more than a few traders who won't touch the markets between July 15th and U.S. Labor Day, the 1st Monday in September. This year that would be Sept. 3rd.......... and I just lost 3 pips shorting EU. I don't like this market so I am going to wait and see what happens after the USD crude oil inventories and new home sales announcement. Maybe things will improve after that. This market will nickel and dime you to death.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Indeed very choppy. A lot of signals where the MTF stochastic crosses the 50 line and then turns around.

Only one smooth trade on the swissy but lost it back to the others that didn't follow through.

Warm regards,

Yana

--- 帖子 #354 ---
hi  bobby

im using the same method like yours...trade only with stoch..with your multiple stoch in same chart make my life easier.

in fact many of my friend (group of 500 trader)  using the same method..and make a lot of pips..

the only differences is "entry point"..

Many thanks for your multiple stoch..

--- 帖子 #355 ---
mamat what is your entry point?

--- 帖子 #356 ---
I came across a quote on Strat's PSAR thread regarding stochastics and just thought it was very relevant here and encouraging. The quote is by a guy called Jimmy Young, a retired, proven professional Bank Forex trader with over 20 years of hands-on Forex trading experience. I hope I haven't broken any rules here as I haven't asked Strat if I can use Young's quote off his thread.

He said "37) Stochastic – Another money sucker. Personally I think this indicator is used backwards. When it first signals an overdone condition, that’s when I think the big spike in the “overdone” currency pair occurs. To be overbought means strong and oversold means weak. Try buying on the first sign of overbought and selling on the first sign of oversold. You’ll be with the trend and likely have identified a move with plenty of juice left."

You guys are using the stoch in a contrarian manner as we have been since late 2015 although we all get in a little earlier than either OB or OS conditions as suggested by Young. I fought the idea for 2-3 months back then but my trading buddy kept hounding me to take a decent look as he kept telling me "he'd done the work". He most certainly had, it works and it works very well but of course, not always. As Bobby has mentioned several times we are looking for the meat in the middle, not tops and bottoms and what me and the old buddy find is regardless of time frame we are between 1 and 3 candles in to the move when the stoch crosses or closes over the 50. There is meat left on a very regular basis and if you're trading LTF's it doesn't have to be that much meat.

I noticed a few posts with losses this last week, I got hit a few times too but all is good. It's a tough time of year as Bobby explained with the big boys out of town chasing good looking blondes, drinking $1,000 bottles of champagne on some exotic beach (we wish) but there is something you can do to TRY and minimize the pain. Take a good look at HTF's S&R levels and PA before choosing to trade a pair on a LTF. Most of the time I trade M5 but when I start to get a few false signals I stop and take a good look at H1 and sometimes above to see what's cooking and where I'm going wrong. We tend to handpick our pairs on a daily basis which has helped us, we want to find a pair that is trending on an intraday basis. If you look hard enough they are there most of the time.

Green beans!

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Now that many here have some experience using the MTF Stochastic, it's time to for some to fly solo. Included with this post is a template with an MTF Stochastic v2.1. There are no levels or alerts. This template has been also been included in Post #1. I don't recommend using the No Levels Template until you have practiced with the 50 level AND done some IFR practice. If you are using this template I assume you know what you should be doing to prepare before entering a market.

I didn't introduce this first for a reason. Traders with little or no experience would have been taking every signal, losing their collective shirts, and blaming me for it. Now we have an original template and IFR practice template to get to know the indicator more intimately, gain some confidence, and help decide if the trader wants to make a commitment to spend more time using it or dump it. For those of us who like the indicator, enjoy using it, and want to get to know it better there is the final template, MTF STOCHASTIC NO LEVELS.

No level lines to tell you what to do. Some of you will elect to continue using the original template. Of course that is OK. Always do what you think is best. There is slightly more risk involved with this template. With no levels to guide you the entry you identify could be something or it could be nothing. You could also be in at the beginning of a monster move. More risk, more reward. IMO the laws of probability are still on your side and, with the exception of news and political tweets, the losses when they come should be manageable. You will lose. That's a promise. but IMO you will gain much more than you lose.

All the peripheral indicators (market price, candle time, etc.) are are available in the Original zip files in 1st post. Good luck and if you use this method, I'd be interested in your results. Attached File(s)   MTF STOCHASTIC NO LEVELS TEMPLATE.tpl

6 KB
|
298 downloads

Recommend use only after experience with the 50 level template and / or have a relatively fair comfort level with this indicator.
Rules:
Entry: When you see a CLEAR cross of the period K and D lines (wide, healthy mouth, at a decent slope) If you know anything about moving averages and oscillators in general you know what is meant about a decent slope. For those of you who trade divergences you will have your own cause for entries at times. If you want to learn to trade divergence, Google it. Also, look left before you trade. If you are noticing upward or downward movement of the stochastic, but price has not moved up or down, what does that tell you. If you are seeing good movement and signals in one direction, but not another, what does that tell you? A little common sense goes along way.

Exit : A clear cross of the period K and D lines or traders discretion. (Profit target, S&R area, Round Number, the full-figured woman sang, etc.)
As always, please do your own due diligence before deciding to open a position.

With this indicator you need to wait until it finishes covering the designated time that it has been assigned. If you decide to use a 1 hour MTF Stochastic on 5 minute charts, you will need to wait an hour to see the final print of the indicator. During the hour you will see the "head" of the indicator change as price changes. That is not repainting. That is the indicator doing its job. This indicator does not repaint.

That's it for now. If I think of anything else, I'll post it later. Below are charts on M5, M15, and H1 as examples of what they look like. The price bars are sky blue because I like sky blue. Make them any color you want , I don't care. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Just a quick public reply to a supposedly "experienced" trader here on FF who never participated in the thread, BUT, felt the urgent need to PM me and point to a less than sterling performance by this indicator at the end of last week and insinuated that my decision not to trade the latter part of last week was a loser's response to a failing trading system.

First of all, who, in their right mind, would invest funds in a market where the probability of a profit is marginal? It was almost financial suicide to trade in those conditions. Plus, EVERYBODY with at least 2 years of trading experience knows trading from the end of July and all of August just sucks because of the spotty volume. Happens every year, same as December and Spring Holidays. Yeah, I had a few losses and figured out that it wasn't in my best interest to trade in those conditions. And the indicator told me that. It was jumping up and down around the 50 line. But the indicator didn't fail me. The indicator did what it was programmed to do. It showed where price had been and where it might go. It's not the fault of the indicator that price didn't continue on enough in one direction for me to make a profit.

The other thing I want to say, and this really teed me off because it was a trader with one of those red diamonds, you know, the "FF Elite" Woah!! ROTFLMAO!!! This FF "elite" member sent me a PM that sounded almost gleeful that 1) I had lost in the market., 2) This trading method was responsible for my losses., and 3) Suggested I wouldn't show up on FF again until September because I was licking my wounds. I didn't lose that much.

In all, and I mean ALL, of my trading days I have never taken satisfaction in another trader failing at anything for any reason. That is sick!. As a matter of fact, I think the last time I was even remotely happy about another person's bad fortune, I think I was like 9 years old, and I was safe at 2nd base when the guy covering dropped the ball. What is even worse is, it is universally known that this time of year creates erratic price moves AND many traders choose to not trade in August AND standing aside IS a position. All veteran traders know this. But I'm an idiot because I didn't trade. Below is the PM:

"I shouldn't laugh, but it's kinda funny that you are too "cool" to fix your system so it works better LOL. All week long I kept wondering how bobby2 was going to trade under these conditions without any tools. I guess your answer was to just stop trading, LOL. Nice. Good that you can admit defeat anyway. See you in September, LOL" (Username withheld)

This is a trader that I'm supposed to respect? Sorry. Nope. I don't think so.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
His user name is dkrock. He just sent me another PM telling me I'm a dick. I'm really glad to be among adults.

--- 帖子 #360 ---
He's not a trader lol, he's a forum junkie, they stand out like dogs wotzits.  I thought this place may have evolved after not being around here for a few years but it's still the same.  If only they got some decent ideas from the very good people around here and then disappeared for a few years and actually learnt to trade they wouldn't end up green with envy and spiteful. For some reason the wannabes end up driving the competent traders away which doesn't make sense to me, isn't that biting ones nose off to spite one's face?

Anyone on here that can trade well and has the intention of giving something back by starting a thread to help others has my utmost respect, it would be a cold day in hell before I'd do it, way too many cockwombles around the Forex Factory.

--- 帖子 #361 ---
That is so funny...as I was reading your post about the rude PM I thought of dkrock...sooo funny

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Please bobby2 just foget about that man. It is clear that it want you to react.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Forget who ?

--- 帖子 #364 ---
I've spent some days backtesting the system manually within some years of historical data and my own conclusion is that it is one of the most effective systems I've ever tested. It is able to bring money both on trending and ranging markets (what is rare thing to find) on different timeframes. Certainly, the key is experience in understanding stochastics (it is not a thing to tell, you have to do it by yourself) and proper MM. But, since you have got your experience, you really do not need to look at price. Look only at stochastic.

Backtesting is great thing prior to demo and live trading, it helps to sort out garbage systems that do not worth spending time on them.

Thanks, Bobby.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
i think this strategy is great and profitable if we practice and learn it.

i just did not want to say it is the best. but it is suitable to me . before i learn this strategy i was familiar with genesis matrix strategy but i did not know how to use the stochastic, but now i know it and i trade well.

i attach my statement since i work with this strategy .

I'm not a professional trader,  if i could make profit so every one can do. just it needs practice. and still i need to learn it. it is so soon to say that i can make profit of this strategy but i hope i can, if i can make profit for another 2 weeks. i will start to trade on live acount.

i should mention that i have to work during the london season so i dont have much time to trade. but i try to do my best. sometimes i have to close my trades early.

Thank you Bobby2 to share your idea and great strategy.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Glad you find it beneficial. Thanks for posting.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Currently short on GU and AU. Considering a UJ long, but not real excited about it.  GU the only one looking OK at the moment. about 7-9 pips so far.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Hi,

I noticed your thread yesterday and was very interested as I also use MTF Stochastics, along with other techniques.

I normally use 7,2,2 rather than 11,3,3 in an attempt to reduce lag, particularly for the higher TFs.

And when I noticed your MTF 11,3,3 reacting much more quickly than 7,2,2, and looking great in back-testing, I decided to look in more detail as to why this might be the case.

Now PLEASE NOTE, that I am sending this not to detract you, but to try to help and to see if there might be another explanation to explain this.

Attached is a screen shot of 3 MTF stochastics on an M1 timeframe chart, set as follows:

1) MTF Stoch v2.2 (11,3,3) set for next higher M5 timeframe

2) STOc MTF (11,3,3) set for next higher M5 timeframe

3) MT4's Standard Stochastic (55,15,15) which would directly emulate 11,3,3 in the M5 timeframe

And I have drawn 4 lines on the chart to analyze how the stochastics behave before and after these lines.

As can be seen, all three have similar shape, but the MTF Stoch v2.2's reacts much sooner than the other 2, by up to 5 bars or more.

It might be that the interpolation function used in v2.2 routine is blending future data in with past data (on the initial pass) to result in the advanced reaction???

And if so, it is clear that this sort of behavior would dramatically improve back-test results vs live trading results.

So, I would be very interested if any of you might have another/better explanation...

Thanks,

Al

--- 帖子 #369 ---
I think many of us have noticed such difference between MTF and multiplied current stoch. MTF reacts faster, but still can change its slope within next period. For example, we will get final slope of 15 min MTF stoch on 5 min chart related to 08.00 time not at 08.00 but at 08.15. I think not necessary to wait for 08.15 (and as far as I understand the rules are telling the same), probability is still on our side. That is why I am using demo trading after backtesting and result is good. I suppose that result will not change dramatically.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Hi Loqito,

I agree that if you are on M5 that you have the advantage of seeing the higher timeframe intrabar, and depending on your strategy acting upon that info before the M15/M30 or higher bar closes might be just fine.

However what I am talking about in the chart above is that the MTF Stoch v2.2 seems to be turning MANY M5 bars before the price turns on the M5 chart. This doesn't seem possible, so was looking for an explanation.

i.e. it seems that when the indicator is doing its initial chart painting, it might be using "future" information that would not be available when trading/calculating ongoing real-time data. This often happens when, rather than processing the data from the oldest bar to the most recent, the data is processed from most recent to the oldest bar, which blends "future" (most recent) data into the calculations. For example, I had a quick look at the code and noticed this, which seems like it might do just that:

// apply interpolation

double factor = 1.0 / n;

if(shift1>=1)

if(BufferK[shift2+n]!=EMPTY_VALUE && BufferK[shift2]!=EMPTY_VALUE)

{
for(int k = 1; k < n; k++){BufferK[shift2+k] = k*factor*BufferK[shift2+n] + (1.0-k*factor)*BufferK[shift2];BufferD[shift2+k] = k*factor*BufferD[shift2+n] + (1.0-k*factor)*BufferD[shift2];}}

Thanks,

Al

--- 帖子 #371 ---
I don't about anyone else but trading small time frames such as M5 and M15 we've found that picking the right pairs to trade each day can mean the difference between a good and a bad day and it's not always easy, far from it.  Something we did a few months ago seems to help, it doesn't always work but it works enough to keep it going.

We placed an invisible stoch alert on our charts and set it to H1 so it is there purely for the alerts and it alerts us to when H1 has broken the 80/20 levels.  Once that happens we keep an eye on that pair and wait to see if the stoch starts traveling in the opposite direction which it quite often does.  Regardless of the tools you use for S&R if you see price is bouncing off a significant support or resistance level plus the H1 stoch being either OB or OS you know there is a high probability that you are going to get the next few hours in one direction.

Depending on our daily goals trading LTF's that should be enough time to hit our trading plan percentages for the day. Just another pair choosing tool.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Hi Albry

Can you attach your template !?

--- 帖子 #373 ---
4 EU longs and one GU long so far this morning for +20 pips. Not easy pips either. Yeesh! Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Sounds better than being a pussy

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Picked up another 10 pips on a GU short. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #376 ---
nice trade. i got one short one long on EU. GU was better.

the short one got me stop. and the long one made me profit. but i could not take the NY season short.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
You are the winner finally, but probably you had to exit that trade earlier Should we follow the rules all the time...this is the question...

From 1'st page:

EXIT #2: The MTF stoch doesn't make it past the 80 or 20 level, and both stochastics have turned and / or crossed.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Dear Bobby2 can i ask you one Question ?

i want to know what was the reason that you didn't take the short trade (the one before long trade) on EU?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #379 ---
LOL! I was sleeping. I didn't wake up until a little after 3 a.m. CDST. London Open is 2 a.m. our time.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
thank you for your reply.

yes you are right about it. but i can not be at the desk every moment because of my job. and when i came to my desk i did it is flying so i closed it.

Im just learning the system and i will be better and better by the time and i need some good points like yours to teach me.

thank you

--- 帖子 #381 ---
So you were lucky

its not easy to wake up 3am

London opens at 11:30 AM our time.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Lucky? I don't know. AU and UJ both had 15 pip shorts available at the LO. Of course if I"m sleeping I can't lose money, can I? Oh, wait, yes I can. Been there, done that. LOL!

I've been trying to get up 30 minutes before LO, 1:30 a.m. My success rate in that has been sporadic. I can't seem to get the hang of the "Early to bed..." part especially if I start watching West Coast baseball games on ESPN or the MLB Channel.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Hi hifax,

Sorry but I don't have a template,

I just put the MTF Stoch v2.2 with default settings (11,3,3,nextTF), then my proprietary MTF stoch with 11,3,3,nextTF and finally the standard MT4 Stoch with 55,15,15 settings onto an M1 chart.

If you want to use a higher TF chart, then the MT4 stoch settings would simply be scaled by the TF higher to TF current chart ratio (e.g. H1/M30 = 60/30 => 22,6,6).

Al

--- 帖子 #384 ---
It depens if u work during the day or not? If u are full time trader its gonna be allright. But if u have to work during the day its not easy.

But here if i didnt have to work and got lots of time it would be so easy because i could sleep until 11 AM and then i could get up and trade. It would be so fun

--- 帖子 #385 ---
10 pips on GU long. i missed the second long who got that?

--- 帖子 #386 ---
short trade on EU. after NY open.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
My goal was a gain from 10 percent in a month! This week I have 13 percent in a week with this system! Very happy

i trade only 1 hour timeframe. Thank you bobby for sharing the indicators and the system

--- 帖子 #388 ---
How do I get the indicators to work on my system plz??

--- 帖子 #389 ---
1. Download them

2. Copy them (place them on the clipboard)

3. Go to MT4

4. Click File/Open Data File

5. Double click MQL4

6. Double click Indicators

7. Paste indicators in to the folder

8. Restart MT4

9. Click the indicator icon on the MT4 toolbar at the top of the screen (It's a yellow folder with a star just underneath it, 5th in from the left)

10. Drag the indicators on to the chart one at a time

11. Fill in wanted parameters

12. Click OK

13. Go to fridge and open beer for a job well done.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
BOE, I thank you. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A couple of AU scalps Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #391 ---
UJ long. Hmmm.... As the Japanese say, "Dochi?" Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #392 ---
EU short . +6 and +13 pips.

I was not at my desk to take long near NY season.

---------------------------------------------------------------

after almost one month of trading this strategy i think its gonna be profitable for long terms. i have never got such this result on any other strategy.

Don't expect it makes you rich in just 1 week or 1 night. it needs patience .

I'm gonna trade for 1 week on demo and after that i will trade on real account. I hope i can make profit on real account too.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
2 hrs after entry.....zippo.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Come to Bobby, that's it, c'mon Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Aaaaaand finally.......about +14 pips. WHEW!! Nobody said this was easy  It may go up some more, but I've had it. I'm out at 111.621. Lunchtime here  Later. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #394 ---
i never trade JPY pairs.  just i dont like it.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Never say never. Almost never

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Never Ever

its good that u finally made profit of it. good for you.

i just want to focus on 2 pairs. GU and EU. i'm always tempted to trade other pairs but i resist

--- 帖子 #397 ---
hello guy, just wanna know if there is anyway one can trade this trading pattern on a higher time frame...i will loved to trade this pattern but my work can not permit me to trade on lower time frame...i will love if anybody have any idea on this strategy on higher frame like 4hhr or daily

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Works on ALL time frames, EXCEPT Monthly!

Excerpt from Post#1

5. Price action takes more time to develop on higher time frames (H1, H4, D1, Weekly), but this will work on all time frames except the monthly. We don't have a yearly MTF stoch.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Hi dkarev! best thing i could recommend for you is make your own ''cloud'' at home let your mt4 run on this cloud (which will be always on), connect your mobile phone to your mt4 account with the app, check the notifcations box. This way you will only get a message when a possible setup arrives! you do not have to look all day on the screen and can even automatie it with an automated TP/SL EA.

This works for me the best when im in school again!

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Also This weeks like Bobby said are very hard to trade, i know the system works, but because i'm much from home these days, and i'm going on holidays tomorrow i will skip trading untill after the summer break. BE WARNED!

Thank you bobby for this amazing tread and i will be back in a couple of weeks (i will keep on reading tho)!

Green pips to you all

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Hello Ftj, i trade only higher timeframe with this system, every morning when i wake up i looked to the charts on 1 hour in combination with the indicator, when a good setup i taked and closed after londen close or in my lunch time  i trade this system now 14 days only with green pips. I loved

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Almost...

--- 帖子 #403 ---
A little late entering, 2 EU longs, +32 pips, price went to RN 1.16000 before NFP  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Bobby, could you be so kind to explain why did not you close these trades with loss when MTF cross appeared (according to the rules). Thanks. I am just trying to follow the rules on page 1. Otherwise, we can be lucky once, but next time will suffer huge losses.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
nice trade bobby2,

i always take short u always take long.  and i always miss the long trades

Today , short on EU +13pips

i hope u all have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
EU news long, +28  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #407 ---
IMO it was a pullback, not a reversal. To me it appeared that the current time frame stochastic would return to the MTF Stochastic. If they had been traveling parallel or close to each other, I probably would have bailed out. As it was, MTF stoch stayed above 50 and waited for the CTF stoch to return.

The other reason was purely subjective on my part. I believed U.S. data would be weak today and that, at least during the news releases, EU wouldn't go down too far.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Good job Hami! I'm finished for today. Pretty good for a Friday. +71 pips, all on EU, thanks to the news. It's not always like that. Hope everyone has a great weekend!

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Thank You bobby , My name is Hamid

Good for you. what you did is great for today. 71 pips is awesome. today was very good to trade long and short. but i could not get more than 1 because of my bloody job.

I Think That I'm Tortoise and You Are Hare  ( just kidding )

Thank you Again, bobby.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Hi, i hope you all started a good week .

one early EU long on London open and loose. after that 2 short and win.

the same happened on GU.

it was my mistake... but finally i made profit.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Yes, I also had those losses. And now another losses with same pairs in Buy. Weekly/monthly result - this is important.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Can you tell us what, in your opinion, was your mistake?

--- 帖子 #413 ---
I can say, that I have got losses in accordance with rules, I had to close orders EURUSD and GBPUSD on MTF cross, though it was correction and the movement in right direction continued later. I have already posted question about such situation earlier. If we wait and do not close order after cross appears (what against the rules) and we wait till MTF reaches (or not reaches) 50 level in opposite direction...probably we will win finally, but probably we will have huge loss.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Can you post your charts with the trades marked?

--- 帖子 #415 ---
I post the typical situation EURUSD 5 min chart today - I marked the moment when I had to close BUY trade in loss, though later the movement continued.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
the signal was right but i think i have entered early, before london open.

Do you think it was correct entry?

--- 帖子 #417 ---
OK, so in this case you feel that you followed the rules an and it resulted in a loss. I can't fault you for that because that means that, in your opinion, you traded well. That is important from a strictly business standpoint because you want to have confidence in the process. If I'm reading your charts correctly, you lost approximately 1 pip on that EU long, and your profit on the 2 EU shorts approximately 20 pips total. IMO you did very well. Same on GU. Probably more than a few traders got hoodwinked by Frankie at that spot that signaled longs. My sincerest apologies, I just noticed I was looking at the wrong charts for this response.

I was looking at hamidesigner's charts and replying to Loquito. Maybe I need a vacation. I'm sorry Loquito. But my answer is pretty much the same. You followed the rules and you lost, what?, a couple of pips? Where I believe you erred is more what you didn't do. You didn't take that gorgeous re-entry signal that followed your exit. That would have more than made up for any loss you incurred.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Well, my case is a little bit complicated. First of all, I use demo account now, so nothing to worry about. For sure, I prefer to follow the rules and really today was not my day not only because of following the rules. I could not be able to take another profitable trades because of my working schedule and that is the thing that I am thinking about. Probably 5/15 min charts is not for me, because of my main job. And if I take such trades from time to time, I can probably pick up mainly bad ones...In my understanding if I want to make money with 5 min charts I have to be at my PC for the whole trading day and take all reliable setups.

I am trying to use 1 H charts also and may be it will be better for me.

And again about MTF cross exit - do you think this is the point where rules can not help and only experience can tell you what to do?

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Thank you Bobby.

your are right.

I want to make my confidence and i want to trade correctly. the first rule i have 1: i try not to loose and then i think about profit.

Thank you that you spend time here , it is so valuable .

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Well experience can certainly help. But that will come in time. If you're on a demo, why not give the higher time frames a whirl? Stick to the rules though. I get the impression that you still don't have confidence in the signals. You need to follow the rules and see some longer term results. The only differences between the LTFs and the HTFs are the number of trade set-ups you will see and the time you will need to wait between trades. If you stick to the rules most of your losses will be minimal in relation to your profits. That's the game. Win big, lose small. There is one thing about the stochastic on HTFs. Because if the time that each price bar represents and the waiting period needed to see the closing signal of the MTF indicator, you have less fakey, jerky movements on the MTF indicator and the probability of price headed in the same direction is higher over the given period of time. It's just, and there is no getting around it, HTF price movements take longer to reverse (consolidation pds)and retracements (draw-downs) will be deeper. You just need to adjust your risk tolerance and your patience.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Already trying both 5min and 1 hour. Thank you for your thoughts that you share.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
I know most of you know this, but it bears repeating, especially in these Dog Days of August.

STANDING ASIDE IS A POSITION. /
I don't care what the trading rules say. I don't care what everybody else is doing. If you have a bad feeling about the current state of the market, or maybe something just doesn't seem right, don't trade. Stand aside and observe. Wait until something happens to restore your confidence in your rules. It doesn't mean your trading skills are deteriorating or the rules that you trade by are suddenly bad. Just step back, take a break, and keep watching the markets. Eventually you will see a sign that things are getting back to what passes for normal in the markets.

When you understand that even if you don't participate today, the market will be there tomorrow and you accept the fact that you only take trades on your terms, according to your rules, your trading will become decidedly better. Be picky. It's your life, your time, your capital. Wait for the market to come to you, not the other way around.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
I couldn't agree more...

--- 帖子 #424 ---
short on EU. 10 pips.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
No one post their result here.... come on please be active here...

GU long 5 pips.

EU Short 5 pips.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Alright, then ;-)

Made 47 + 39 pips on USDJPY,M5. Got a bit scared halfway, but decided to continue the trend. This turned out to be good decision.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Thats what i want. its better to post your result, lose or win. this way all we can learn and be better and better and make confidence .

well done Yoriz .

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

One loss -25 pips on night USDJPY 1H trade. Probably my mistake while open the trade was that current stochastic was going down.  Should close 2 hours earlier, but could not be at my PC at the right time. And many other 1H trades running...

I know that some traders do not recommend take trades based on nightly 00.00 4 hour candle and 04.00 candle also. Probably it is better to take only 8.00-20.00 (GMT +3) trades. Also some prefer to skip trades earlier than 12.00 on Monday and later than 12.00 on Friday. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #429 ---
GU short on a re-entry signal after CTF Stoch pullback. RN target 1.28750, exit at 1.2880 on the bounce. Plus, EU, and AU, did the same thing. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Hi all,

one GU short on Frankie open and closed for 10 pips. ( I set 10 pips TP and i was doing my job so after a while i came and see that it hit my TP and it has fallen for +70 pips  Shame )

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Here you see 2 EU longs. One 1.1596 and the other at 11602. If you notice, the CTF Stoch dipped out of the 80 arae but the MTF stochastic did not. That's why I didn't exit. Now the CTF Stochastic is returning to the MTF Stochastic. I have been waiting for 2 days for EU to bust out and close above 1.1600 with some consistency. Now it is nearing another consolidation area, you can see it on the upper left of the charts. So we wait and see what's gonna happen because I haven't a clue. The chart tells me what to do, not the other way around. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Yes, I also prefer to wait until MTF leaves overbought/oversold zone.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Price continues to bounce and return to the 1.1600 area. I am so tired of this. But, welcome to August. No volume, looks to me anyway. It's like trying to trade the Sydney open. But I made a choice and now I'll try to make the best of it. Here's my EU chart coming up on the 00:45 mark. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Still don't understand waiting till 50 level is crossed.  So u see an advancing H1 stochastic u short it on m5 or m15 simply because it hasn't crossed 50 level?

--- 帖子 #435 ---
I exited both positions at the close of the 00:45 minute mark. Both stochastics left the 80 zone. +3 pips. Are we having fun yet? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #436 ---
What are you asking? I don't understand your question. Oh wait, now I see it. You're confused. No, not according to this thread's guidelines. If you're following the rules here, you are trading the chart you are watching. There is no flipping from TF to TF. That is only done in instances where you might not see any trading opportunities and you decide to try a different TF. But we trade the chart we are watching. You are NOT looking at H1 and then entering on M5 or M15. If you are watching H1, you trade H1. I hope that is clear. The significance of the 50 line has to do with the probaibility of a change in price direction on that specific time frame.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
London is closed. I managed 20 pips today. I'll take it. I'm finished trading for today. If you are still trading, post 'em. Let's see what you got.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
well done bobby, i just got 10 pips and i was not at my desk to get more. but im satisfied with it.

some is better than none,

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Always. Nobody ever went broke taking profit.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed EURAUD 1H after MTF 4H cross, - 1 pip. You can see, that I decided not to wait until 20.00. At 16.00, cross was not formed, yet it appeared at 17.00. I think I did right thing. But it is not 100% clear to me - should I wait till next 4 hours candle closes or not...

I also closed all NZD trades (no profit, no loss mostly) as they did not make any progress and NZD Bank rate news is coming in some hours.

All other trades are bouncing around 0, no profit/loss.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
OK. Which timeframe is the MTF stochastic? I assumed CTF stochastic is either m5 or m15

--- 帖子 #442 ---
bobby, thanks for sharing your strategy. Would you have a .mq4 file for "#MTF Stochastic v2.2"? There are a lot of MTF Stoch indis out there, and not all of them are correct. Yours appears to produce a nice, smooth stoch on a higher timeframe. Not all of them do that.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
CTF Stochastic=Currennt Time Frame, so the CTF Stochastic is the time frame you are watching on your chart. On an M15 chart the CTF Stochastic is M15.

On the MTF, or Multi-Time Frame Stochastic. the default setting automatically draws the next highest time frame of the TF you are currently watching. If you are watching M5, the MTF Stochastic will be M15. If you don't want the MTF indicator to change, say you want to see the H1 stochastic on M1, M5, M15, and M30 TFs, go to the indicator Properties, click the inputs tab, and change the automatic function to false and change the TF from 0 to 60.

The MTF Stochastic is there so you don't need to manually keep watching multiple time frames or keep clicking back and forth between TFs.

I hope this explanation helps. If you have questions please ask and someone should be able to help.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Hi Ryder. Sorry, but the MTF Stochastic used here, v2.1, was presented in the Genesis Matrix Trading thread by Cody on Sept 4, 2012. He and Xaphod coded a lot if the trading tools on that thread. I have never seen an mq4 file for this particular indicator. I assume one exists because v 2.2, which has level alerts (v2.1 has no alerts) and 2.1 are exactly the same thing so the mq4 file must exist somewhere. But I don't know where. Sorry. To be honest I never looked for it because I trust both Cody and Xaphod. Maybe someone else knows.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Please can you do video on how this system works...that I mean the whole indicator setup,where to enter and exit. Will really appreciate it. Or rather drop a YouTube link. Thanks

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Same question - should I exit Buy trade at 22.00 if cross appears or should I wait till 24.00...I prefer to close at 22.00. Probably I misunderstood the rules, hope Bobby can make it clear.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
OK. Thanks Bobby.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Attached File(s)   #MTF Stochastic v2.1.mq4

9 KB
|
594 downloads

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Thank you!

--- 帖子 #450 ---
IMO, you did the right thing. The chart below shows the EU chart time(between the yellow lines) as they appeared on my charts. The green crossed lines would be what I assume was your entry. To the right of the entry 3 price bars are marked.If you exited at any one of those closing bars, you closed in profit.

See the white box at the top of the chart? If I had 35 pips profit, knowing it's a ranging market, and knowing that it's August, and having seen sudden jumps (spikes) in price lately for no apparent reason, and after seeing an inside bar at resistance at the top of the range, and knowing that this resistance area has been challenged and rejected several times, I am out on the 1st or 2nd close after the inside bar.

If you want a black and white rule for exit that you apply every time without any thought to current market conditions or price behavior, then you ALWAYS exit when you see the MTF Stochastic leaving the 80 / 20  zones at the same time or soon after the CTF Stochastic. If the CTF leaves, but the MTF does not, wait, it's a pullback. If the MTF Stochastic doesn't make it to the 80 / 20 area, you should exit when they both are turning. If it doesn't cross the 50 line you can re-enter when the trend resumes. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Short on EU +10 pips.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Thanks, Bobby. My two days of trading with 1H charts are bringing some negative results. Mostly I have to close trades in small loss (MTF cross) because of the market conditions. But really that's OK. The strategy should be forward tested by me for at least couple of months and may be more.

It is also an open question that should be answered during forward testing - should I take 1H setups all 24 h or may be only within London session.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
short on GU 10 pips

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #455 ---
its bloody hell

I think what makes some one good trader or bad trader is to recognize this type of market condition and stay away of trading.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Well, without a doubt, you picked the absolute worst month of the year to test a trading strategy. Like you said, because of our entries and exits, our losses should be minimal. But it's also true that our profits will be minimal compared to most other months because of the low volume that occurs during August.

I usually don't make predictions about anything and I never make promises regarding results in the markets. But I have a ton of confidence in what I have presented on this thread so I'll go out on a limb here. Test your strategy on one time frame. Any time frame except the Weekly or the Monthly. Not the weekly because the length of time is too short and would be a waste of time, and not the monthly because our strategy is limited by our indicator. Other than that, I don't care which one, but choose one TF. The other thing I want you to do is choose one currency pair. Again I don't care which one. Why only one ?, because I want you to get to really know the pair you choose. You hang out on that time frame, with that one currency pair, from now until the end of November or December 15th, your choice. After Dec. 15th till around the 1st week of the New Year the markets are about the same as now. Believe me when the 2nd half of the 1st week of Sept. rolls around you will see a noticeable difference in market activity and a general lightening of the mood of traders on FF who bitched and moaned the whole month of August.

Oh yeah, my prediction. I predict that if all you do for those 3 months is enter and exit according to our guidelines here on that one pair without changing TFs, in the end you will have around a 75% to 85% success rate. All that means is that you will not lose money around 75% to 85% of the time. I also predict that you will be impressed with your profit factor, the number that sums up your account's potential for profit. How can I predict this?........Because if you follow the entry and exit guidelines, your losses will be minimal, you will take profit on probably around 50% of signal in a ranging market, and you will be there at the beginning of any major reversal of trends and retracements. We never know which signal will be THE ONE. But when it happens, because you are taking ALL the signals according to the guidelines, you will be there.

I cannot predict profits, profit margin, or Rate of Return on Investment (ROI). All I can say is my prediction is that all will be positive. When we follow the rules of a winning strategy, the quantities (number of currency units) are really up to the market, not us.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Almost fully agree...just wanna try more pairs while on demo. More pairs, more opportunities for understanding of strategy. My opinion is that finally it is better to choose 2-4 pairs that are not in serious correlation.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Probably my last trade for this session. Trying an EU short as the CTF Stochastic (Hopefully ) returns to the MTF Stochastic that is still below the 20 mark for 10 pips. Target is the next Round Number.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #459 ---
I got my 10. I'm finished till LO. +30 today so I'm good. Green pips to all! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #460 ---
At the first i want to appreciate what you are doing here Bobby. Thank you to share this strategy

I've been trading with this strategy almost for 1 month. before this i've test lots of systems but they were not good for me. maybe they were profitable but i could not make profit with theme. until i found this system here and i started to trade with it .

If i could  make profit with it in this range market so i can make profit in next months like Booby said.

I wanna give it a try and test it on my real account.

I believe this strategy is GREAT and profitable. just we have to know how to use it.

I use very low risk on demo account just to get to used to how to trade on real account. i dont use big lot size and high risk just because it is demo.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Thank you for the kind words Hamid. Just don't get greedy and you'll be fine. Greed is a nasty lesson I hope no one here ever has to learn. I wish only good things for everyone. If this thread helps even only one person on the road to sustainable profitability then it was worth it.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Your welcome. I just told the truth.

I always try to not get greedy. And i know i can not be rich in one night. But i have to learn alot...

This thread ia the first thread that im participate in. I dont know about the others but you and your system helped me alot. It was like a light in darkness to me.

I wish you good luck

--- 帖子 #463 ---
did you changed your rules? I thought entry is when MTF stoch crossing 5o level.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Nope, I didn't change a thing. We have discussed this more than once. If you are in a trade and the MTF Stochastic stays in the 80 or 20 zone, but the CTF Stochastic leaves those zones all by itself, do not exit. It is probably a pullback. You may enter, re-enter, or add to an existing position when the CTF Stochastic begins to return to the MTF Stochastic. I've posted live examples of this type of entry on the thread.

Maybe you've heard of "buying dips" and "selling rallies"? With these indicators we can actually see those opportunities develop.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
who knows what the hell happened today on EU before Frankie open ?

80 pips just in 15 mins

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Seems to be related to heavy exposure of banks in Spain, France and Italy to the turkish Lira.

Just have a look at USDTRY.
https://www.ft.com/content/51311230-...2-5946bae86e6d

--- 帖子 #467 ---
yes it could be because of that.

so today i think is just not a good day to trade

--- 帖子 #468 ---
I finished my week using 1H charts with small profit (about 2% of depo). I am trying to maintain my MM in a way that average loss will be about 0.5% of depo. So, even 10 consecutive losses that happened during the week (I use many pairs to test the strategy) could not harm the account too much. Later, as I think, I will reduce number of pairs.

I also plan to test 4H charts, just because of my main job, that does not allow me to be at my PC too often.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
I'm getting a lot of messages complaining that this way of trading is too difficult, too much is left to trader's discretion, confused about MTF times and signals, etc. Well, I never said it was easy. But I, perhaps wrongly, assumed most people would at least take the time to learn before whining that they couldn't do it. I warned everyone in advance in the first post that you needed at least rudimentary trading skills to make this a sustainable method. If I can do it I figure anybody can. I'm not exactly a genius. I have a feeling though that some look at this thread, download the template, and just think you can take every signal that comes along without any thought about the market conditions. That is sooooooooo not true.

So, I will offer the following just for training.

These charts are "training wheels" to be taken off when the trader is ready to read the stochastics on their own. Most of these rules are the same as the original, only actions regarding the MAs are different. Results will be the same, no better or worse than an accurate reading of the original template. Again, I repeat, this is training. The aim is to lose the "training wheels" in time. Watch what the stochastics, both of them, do during ALL market conditions and remember, because you WILL see those conditions again.

Directions: (I don't care what time frame (Except the monthly) you use. The rules are the same. monthly charts you can just use the chart as is.
Put 3 Linear Weighted moving averages (LWMA) on your Original MTF Stochastics Trading template. If you have trouble seeing the Price Bars or the Stochastic then change the colors to what you like. The 3 Linear Weighted MAs are, the Periods 12, 57, and 89. All 3 "Apply to" Close, and all 3 are Shift = 3. I don't care what color or line style. That's it. You are finished. Nothing else.

Entry Rules: (ALL conditions MUST be met.)
1. Price MUST travel through and CLOSE above / below all 3 LWMAs. DO NOT TRADE THE CROSSES OF THE LWMA's!!! DO NOT ENTER ON SPIKES!!
2. The Multi Time Frame (MTF) Stochastic is at, or has recently crossed above / below the pink 50 Line.
3. The Current Time Frame (CTF) Stochastic is traveling in the same direction as the MTF Stochastic.

Exit Rules:
Situation No.1: The MTF Stochastic never made it above the 80 Line or below the 20 Line.(Both conditions must be met.)
1. The Price Bar closes above / below the 12 LWMA,
AND,
2. At the time of the Price Bar Closing above / below the 12 LWMA, both the CTF and MTF Stochastics have turned and are pointing in the direction of the Close. (PB closes above the 12 LWMA, both stochastics have turned up. PB closes below the 12 LWMA, both Stochastics pointing down.)

Situation No. 2: The MTF Stochastic has entered above the 80 Line or below the 20 Line (Both conditions must be met.)
1. Allow the trade to run until the CTF Stochastic is or already has left the 80 or 20 zones ,
AND,
2. The MTF Stochastic has turned in the same direction as the CTF Stochastic and is leaving the 80 or 20 zone. (No need to wait for a Price Bar Close above or below the 12 LWMA.)

Late Entry, Re-entry, or adding to a winning trade (NEVER ADD TO A LOSING TRADE!!)
After seeing the CTF Stochastic turn away from the MTF Stochastic, but the MTF Stochastic does not change direction,
1. The point of Entry is when you see the CTF Stochastic turn back toward the MYF Stochastic AND
2. A Price bar closes above / below the 12 LWMA. EXCEPTION: If the Price bar that closes above or below the 12 LWMA is a spike, stand aside, do not enter.

Cheers!!!

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Hi Bobby

May I ask what motivated you to start this thread? I m not suggesting you should not have, I would however be interested why you did. I have been trading stochastics for several years. I was a subscriber to Spudfyres brilliant thread and his stochastic rope and MTF theory.

I think the problem for many is that they do not grasp the nature of MTF. Until the higher TF closes, the indicator can and often will do anything even change direction completely. This is then viewed erroneously as repainting when in fact its nothing of the sort.

I wish you and your thread continued success.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Hi Zoog, I've been thinking about your question on what motivated me to start this thread. I guess I just thought if I found this concept useful, others might find it useful too. In hindsight I admit that there were a couple of things I was naive about. I probably wouldn't do it again. A few people seem to have been able use the ideas successfully, so at least someone benefited from the effort.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Hi bobby2!

I would like to thank you. This is realy good stuff you shared here! Dont let them grind you down because they cant understand what value you offered.

Thank you and keep it up. I know you are one of the rare real traders here.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First H4 was opened.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Thanks Malony. I appreciate it, and you're welcome. I hope the information here helps you in some way. Nice pic BTW .

--- 帖子 #475 ---
"Hey! Popcorn is a miracle if you don't know how it happened!" (Comic Relief concert)

--- 帖子 #476 ---
I think the word bravery has to be used when discussing your motivation to start this thread, lots and lots of bravery lol.

Your system works Bobby, no doubt about it but one of the issues with the FF is that there are so many brand new traders they are not yet capable of doing things that someone with a few years experience take for granted.  Things like look left, where are my S&R levels, did I check the red news for the day, what's happening with Brexit and other fundies, the list goes on but it's not their fault, they simply lack time on the job.  The other issue is laziness, many do not want to and will not put in the hard yards over several years as they've listened to the BS marketing that spot Forex is a get rich quick scheme, well good luck with that!

I take my hat off to you, I really do.  Love reading your thread a few times a week but I'd fully understand if you just went about your business and put it in the too hard basket, many before you have done exactly that.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Hi all,

As i said before i would trade on real from this week, so i started to trade.

one problem that i have is that i exit early and i think its not good i have to make confidence to take more pips. Yesterday i made just +20 pips while i could make +100 pips.

Dear bobby, any suggestion to make better result?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Hi Hamid,

I realise you asked Bobby this question so I hope you don't mind me putting in my 2 cents worth.

From the charts you posted it looks to me like it was a fear of loss that made you exit those trades.  I've no idea how long you've been trading but this is something every single one of us goes through and it is a tough one to overcome and especially when you're scalping on M5.  If you are new to trading I would suggest you read everything you can on trading psychology and my favourite is without doubt Mark Douglas, he goes in to great detail about the fact that trading is a game of probabilities and once we understand this you will find yourself far more at ease although it does take a long time.

On a practical level it also appears that you are not yet prepared to trust the MTF stoch.  The first EU trade you bailed before the MTF even started to turn and I would suggest that's because your pip count started to decline because your trade was breathing, they need room to breathe.  The second trade the MTF was still on its way lower than the 20 level but I'd suggest that because the CTF stoch was going North you bailed again because your pip count was declining in what Bobby has mentioned several times was merely a pullback.  So, my advice and it's easier said than done, learn to trust the MTF stoch, the stoch's rarely lie.

Most importantly, don't beat yourself up, you've done really well with 3 winning trades out of 4.  To be honest the last GU trade may have gone either way and it only went a few pips in your direction anyway so who cares.

As far as pips are concerned, there is nothing wrong with 20 pips a day, I aim for a minimum of 15 each day and if PA is a bit dodgy like it is right now I will leave it there.  Don't let anyone try and convince you you need 100's of pips a week/month, it's simply not true.  If you're familiar with Excel spreadsheets do one up at 20 pips a day trading 1%-2% of your account per trade.  You will be amazed at how your account compounds over a couple of years, just don't get too excited at the numbers, building the spread sheet is far easier than consistently pulling in 20 a day and especially when you get to larger lots and PA is complete crap.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Thank you so much Dear Mistakesr,

you are absolutely correct.

This was my first day of trading live account

I'm afraid of losing the trade, and i just exit early before it reach to my goal. i like to have more pips but i know its not possible to get all pips, and if i get greedy i will loose those few pips that already made,

i dont know if the way im doing this, is true or not? because im not a professional trader like everyone here, but im hard worker and try to learn and i know i can, But the main problem is that im a full time worker, and i can not monitor the trade that i enter, and thats why i always exit with minimum profit and i have to handle it.

and i will read the book that you mentioned . i like to read and read to learn, i never stop learning.

thank you so much again.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Try another timeframe, probably trading 1H or 4H will be more easy than trading 5m. Just you need your account to be larger.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
This is my second live trading day,

+20 pips,

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Thank you for your advice,

higher time frame require more risk and big balance in your account. and i like scalping i can not wait couple of hours to just enter a trade.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
What about couple of days if H4 TF?

--- 帖子 #484 ---
oh my god, i can not wait, i have to trade every day, i can not wait couple of days... this is suicide

--- 帖子 #485 ---
mistakesr gave you some good advice. I agree so I won't repeat it. So, we know WHAT you are going through, and we know WHY you are going through it. What can be done about it?

A couple of posts ago I quoted a comedian who said, "Hey! Popcorn is a miracle if you don't know how it happened." A comedic line uttered for laughs, but true nonetheless.

Think of all the skills you have right now. How did you acquire them? I assume you know how to walk and run. Maybe you can you ride a bike or swim. Maybe you can play a musical instrument or do magic tricks. Maybe you can rebuild an entire automobile transmission with your eyes closed. Maybe you're a great parent. Whatever skills you have, whether you remember or not, you went through a learning cycle. Either someone or something motivated you to do was what needed to be done to be competent in the skill. When it began you didn't know a thing. You didn't know what to expect. There was some initial fear. But you watched others or you studied. You made several attempts and failed. Maybe you injured yourself. Maybe people you cared about laughed at you. You kept on trying. Why? It was important to you to be able to do this. You wanted it. Then something changed. Sometimes you failed but sometimes you felt like you almost had it down. You still failed, but the failures were less frequent and not as severe. The fear was disappearing and you started wondering just what it was that scared you to begin with. You started seeing others starting to learn the same skill. You saw their failed attempts and remembered your beginning days. You understand things that they do not yet know. You are among the best of the group. Your confidence is strong. And just when you thought there was no more for you to learn, something happened to shake your confidence in your competence. A new phase began in your learning. In this new phase you were a beginner again in a new group. In this new group everyone had different levels of competency, but yours was the lowest. You watched in awe as you saw levels of competency you previously thought to be unattainable. And so, again, you studied and watched and you tried. Gradually you became one of the best. Because of your experience you understand that you will never know everything, but now it's fun and interesting to try to be even better. This new confidence you have is different. The fear of failure is gone now. You still fail occasionally but you know what to do to control it. Others now look up to you for advice and guidance. Then one day you remember when all of this first started. It was all a giant mystery then. You recalled all the failures, all the self-induced stress, all of the times of wanting to just quit, of all the fears and self-doubts. There were times when you were possibly borderline suicidal because you just couldn't figure it out. And now you do it masterfully almost without thinking. Others watch you and wonder, "How in the hell does he/she do that and make it look so easy?" You try to teach others. They want to take shortcuts. They complain it's too much work. They don't want to do what's needed to be done to attain competency. They want what you have and they want it now, "Hey! We don't have time for all that BS. Just tell us exactly what to do." Your answer to them is always the same. "I already told you, many times. Just follow the rules."

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Thank you very much Dear bobby, your answer was very clear and complete.

i can not say more.

just thank you.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Hi bobby2 ,

In advance sorry for my English , not my native language . I was following yours tread from beginning and just today I decided to join FF just to be between you , to try learn more about this trading strategy .I'm new to trading doing just few months , not very successfully . I saw bobby2 being upset about some things , loosing motivation to continue this tread  , what I thought is completely wrong . I think this is best tread for newbies on FF , like myself ,  , cause it simplicity . You have to fol ow couple lines and when time comes to pull the trigger ,I know not always is easy to do this .   I scrolled trough so many treads . In some I couldn't understand what language are they talking ,in some computer is crashing from how many EA's need to download and then when you finally opening you have to put sunglasses from multi color rainbow on your screen  and at the end you don't know where to start to watch . I think you did great job bobby2 , you sound real professional who understand and knows  what about are talking . I'm amazed that there are professionals who want to help and dedicate time for new traders . My hat is down bobby2 ! . I would like to join yours gang and try learn how to make money . I'm open to any advises and and corrections on my future screenshots , to be honest I insist ! I really want to make it work !

Thank you

--- 帖子 #488 ---
In our business we are 100% mercenary. We produce nothing. We provide no service to others. Our only goal is to preserve and hopefully increase our capital. That's it. That's our job. Problems usually arise because of stress caused by trading decisions we've made. 9 times out of 10 the stress is caused either because we made a wrong assumption, for whatever reason, and / or, we over-exposed our position. This usually happens because we want to accelerate the rate of profit or cover losses produced because of an error in judgement. Some accelerated profit may indeed occur, but with it usually also comes accelerated losses.

!) Trade what you see, not what you think. If the signals say get out, then get out. If they say stay, then stay. What you think is not important. If you don't trust the signals, find some you do trust. Until that happens you will be making arbitrary decisions based on your opinion alone and you may as well just trade with a naked chart with no signals. What good are the signals if you're going to ignore them anyway? Does that make sense? The signals and rules are there to help minimize the thinking process and lessen our stress. If you feel strongly that the signals may be wrong, stand aside. Don't bet the farm on an assumption.

2) Reduce your exposure to a level where, when you do lose, it's no big deal. I've seen hundreds of formulas, percentages, complex mathematical equations, different percentages according to astrological signs and planetary movements (You probably think I'm joking. I'm not.), etc. For myself I use a simple system that I learned from a veteran Forex trader that I respect. For every 1000 units of currency in my account, I may trade using 1 mini-lot. If you have 100 units of currency in your account, you can trade 1 micro-lot. The other rule he instilled in me is to not have more than 2 active trades in progress at any one time. I am sure other traders have their own plans for managing risk. There is no correct answer because only you know what you want done with your money.

3) Finally, be grateful for profit. Be happy with "some". Embrace "some". Learn to love "some". There is a fine line between jumping off too early and staying too long. Wanting the maximum pips available and fear of losing capital are natural. But it takes time and experience to rid ourselves of fears. So you took profit early. So what? Who died? Nobody. What did you lose? Not a thing. Somebody else got more? That's not fair. Oh, just stop it. Try and make better assessments of your exits in the future. You got "some". You're still alive. Your trading account, and your business, are still intact. Life is good. Stop the, "The grass is greener over there." stuff. Get in the habit of not comparing yourself to others. It'll drive you crazy.

If you're not happy with your decisions only you can change your decision making process. That will take you being more confident in your plan. Trading shouldn't feel like Russian Roulette. I'll tell you this though, and I say it with full confidence. With our signals, and with sound MM, IF the rules are followed, we shouldn't be losing more than 6-7 pips on losing trades. 10 pips loss is a lot. Most losses should be in the "OK, I only lost maybe the spread, so I'm good." range. And when it comes time for the big one, we are there.

I sincerely wish I could just tap out a text message here that would be the answer to everyone's financial dreams, and that would be it. Whether you understand it now, or not, the truth is , it's "you". The answer is always "you".

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Hi Giedrius, welcome to the thread. Thank you for the kind words. I hope the information here benefits you. Don't apologize for not being a native English speaker. I understand.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Thank you for taking me on board bobby2 I understand you are busy , but maybe time from time you will be able to review pics and to give advise ?. I'm trading with live account , reason , during course what I did I did good with demo account and when I went live then when things started to go wrong . So I thought better to use micro lots , but to do live cause my psychology worked differently , or market conditions changed I don't know to be honest ! This trade I did with fixed 10pips ST and 20pips TP    I understand exit is not by the rules  and what about entrance . I'm still trying to aghast myself is all new to me . Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #491 ---
And here I have another , I closed cause I thought EURO hit 1.13000 cant start to reverse seems I was right , but to take this type decisions is not right ,is it ?  Thank you for answers .

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Your entry was excellent. I don't know if you stuck to the 20 pip TP, but if you exited on the close of the bar with the red line, that was +50 pips. Either way it's a winner.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Your entry and exit were both according to the rules. Even though your logic for the exit may have been because Price was bouncing off Support at 1.1300 and not because both Stochastics were leaving the 20 area together, both happened at the same time. Either way you' traded according to the rules. IMO you did well on both of the charts you posted.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
thank you. i know you have experienced lots of things in this market, i dont want to do all the things you have done in past years in just one month to be successful but i want to learn and use everyone experiences to just learn better and faster.

i really appreciate what you are doing here.

i wish all the best for you

--- 帖子 #495 ---
All the best to you too. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #496 ---
{image}[/quote]

Hi Bobby.

Good quote from the great Richard Dennis. You know of course that the picture next to it is not of him?

I also agree 100% with what you said here, well almost 100%:

In our business we are 100% mercenary. We produce nothing. We provide no service to others. Our only goal is to preserve and hopefully increase our capital. That's it. That's our job. Problems usually arise because of stress caused by trading decisions we've made. 9 times out of 10 the stress is caused either because we made a wrong assumption, for whatever reason, and / or, we over-exposed our position. This usually happens because we want to accelerate the rate of profit or cover losses produced because of an error in judgement. Some accelerated profit may indeed occur, but with it usually also comes accelerated losses.

We do provide one service, namely liquidity. Otherwise trading is a parasitical occupation. Apart from fear and greed, which never goes away entirely no matter how experienced you become, the other key is confidence especially scalping at lower TFs. You must have full confidence in your system so that when the opportunity arises you take the trade. There is no time time to rethink or evaluate. That all has to be built into the system. This then brings as back to what Bobby said. How do you get confidence? With experience. Learning any profession takes time, trading is no different. I would however add that even with experience most people are not cut out to trade let alone scalp. Hence so few successful scalpers.

For a reality check may I suggest you watch this. The best video on trading ever from people who do it and not just talk about it:   Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Hi Bobby. Good quote from the great Richard Dennis. You know of course that the picture next to it is not of him? I also agree 100% with what you said here, well almost 100%: In our business we are 100% mercenary. We produce nothing. We provide no service to others. Our only goal is to preserve and hopefully increase our capital. That's it. That's our job. Problems usually arise because of stress caused by trading decisions we've made. 9 times out of 10 the stress is caused either because we made a wrong assumption, for whatever reason, and / or, we over-exposed our position. This usually happens because we want to accelerate the rate of profit or cover losses produced because of an error in judgement. Some accelerated profit may indeed occur, but with it usually also comes accelerated losses. We do provide one service, namely liquidity. Otherwise trading is a parasitical occupation. Apart from fear and greed, which never goes away entirely no matter how experienced you become, the other key is confidence especially scalping at lower TFs. You must have full confidence in your system so that when the opportunity arises you take the trade. There is no time time to rethink or evaluate. That all has to be built into the system. This then brings as back to what Bobby said. How do you get confidence? With experience. Learning any profession takes time, trading is no different. I would however add that even with experience most people are not cut out to trade let alone scalp. Hence so few successful scalpers. For a reality check may I suggest you watch this. The best video on trading ever from people who do it and not just talk about it:  Inserted Video  [/quote]

It's a crazy business alright. And that is a gross understatement. I've spent some time on the CBOT trading floor during trading hours. It was years before the Merc bought them out. I had friends who worked there as runners and some of them started trading commodities futures after some time. Only one, that I know of, survived and is still a trader. I didn't work there but I used to go out drinking with those guys and I'd get invited onto the floor. Talk about chaos. Mercy!! I've also had drinks and spent time with cops and lawyers. Of the 3 groups I would be hard-pressed to pick which one had the most interesting, funniest, and the same time most tragic stories. I don't think I've ever laughed, and cried, so hard in my life as when I was swapping stories with those guys.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Something for new traders to consider. Take some time to draw some lines before you start actual trading. Don't use software or an indicator. Do it yourself. You'll be amazed at how little time it takes once you get in the habit of doing it. They don't have to be super accurate. It's an "area', not an exact number. Check a higher time frame from the one you usually trade. I usually check M30, H1, and H4. I look at all the time frames but I will mark H1. Just look for areas where price has been rejected and it looks like support became resistance or visa versa. You will trade the signals, but it's nice to know what might lie ahead. The lines on the charts below were drawn on H1. The other charts show the same lines on different time frames. Sometimes you need to adjust the line a little as you change time frames, but it will be close. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Basic, common sense chart reading BEFORE you pull the trigger on the signal.

.....thank you for the effort, bobby2!

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Hi All ,

I have question , and I would like all of you opinion . In beginning of trading I had opinion that I have to catch trend and to travel 1000s of pips to make money , and at catching this trends I always was rubbish . One when I cached it went so wrong that for 2 last months I couldn't put not even micro order , just was completely all over the place and was terrified to do anything . When on short trades I wasn't completely useless , and now I'm more and more believe that if you have strategy what you trust and believe is work , and you have healthy balance in your account making 10 , 20 pips a day you can build yours balance . Opinions please .

Thanks

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Should I stay or should I goooo

--- 帖子 #502 ---
IMO, yes.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
My opinion is also yes.  Here's an Excel spread sheet showing what happens to a $1000 account over 2 or 3 years making 15 pips a day trading 2% of your account and stopping at 15 lots per trade.  Don't forget, building a spread sheet is far easier than actually making those pips day in day out and there's no losing days in the spread sheet either which is not at all realistic, it just gives you an indication of the math behind compounding and showing you don't need to make a million pips a year.

The issue we have as scalpers is that we have the highest trading death rate of all traders, it's not for everyone and unless you have the mental capacity to cut your losers real short you will never, ever make it.  The other issue is our health and I speak from personal experience, sitting for hours on end these days is considered the new smoking and unless you make definite rules around time spent at your computer, which I did not until very recently, your health will suffer and it's serious, anything from cancer, diabetes and a host of other nasty things can happen and believe me they do happen.

I wish you the very best of luck on your journey and many green beans.

Attached File(s)   15 a day.xlsx

81 KB
|
372 downloads

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Thank you for very wise answer mistakers , bobby , appreciate . I have few problems with trading : a) have full time job , this actually not problem just some kind of limitation b)I live on London time , I'm back from work 2pm. between shower and some other things to do you see just 2 , 3 h.max left from London session  and I understand that time is important   here . Is not much what I can do just try to get pieces  from table , what were left after party I have and good things I have good balance in an account , I have health  , smoking not to much  . I know this is ruff business to be in I got some taste and after this I made plan , if loose 30% of my account I wrap up everything , say goodbye to everybody , take shovel and go to work ,that means I'm just not good , not smart  enough to make money here , simple as that   .   I'm 41 not child not naive I'm realistic . I know in this business are possibilities  and then depends what you are capable to do .

I like this tread bobby did great job and I appreciate Is good to have some professionals around . Just guys please stop to draw everything dark colors and be negative there are successes stories also , I'm sure about that , lets try more to be positive ! I would be nice more screenshots with samples this would be really nice  especially   from pros . I understand you have to run yours life also , but yours experience are fundamental for us new!!

Thank you

--- 帖子 #505 ---
This is yesterday , please comments entrance ,exit . Thanks .

--- 帖子 #506 ---
This is today ,shame didn't have time to react for more greens +30 !

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Bobby, your information is extremely valuable for us. At least for me. I do not like to write a lot of posts, I prefer to keep my trading in silence. But just to let you know, that you are doing very good job here. Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Hi bobby2 , Loqito is right yours knowledge is valuable to us , just couple questions :

a) do I concentrate  to much on MTF crossing 50 zone and I don't watch what CTF is doing ?

b) they both have to be not to far apart one from another ?

c) better to wait till both MTF lines crossing ? Or even yellow is enough ? Or dependents from situation , angle and etc. ?

Thanks you for answers  bobby2

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Thanks Loqito. I appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
a) For initial (first) entries, which are usually the strongest, you want both stochastics moving iin the same direction, agreeing with each other. Most of the time, the CTF Stoch will cross first because it's faster. One of the problems for new traders in this market, in this month, and with all the political drama, is they are in danger of thinking that these signals are always this difficult. The first couple of weeks in July everybody was seeing green pips. After July 15 volume began to dry up. It's normal this time of year. But new traders were like, WTF!!?? It will get better eventually, be patient. Believe me, other traders using different methods trading this month are having the same frustrations as we are. Don't take it personal. On the other hand, LOL!! if you can make profit in this market, you should be good to go when what passes for normal around here returns around the 2nd week of September. I just lower my exposure in August. Losses, as distasteful as they are, are easier to take. Less profit too, but also less stress.

b) Actually, from my experience, the closer they are, the end of something can't be far away. The only time distance between the stochs are cause for concern is when they begin to converge (squeeze together). Don't be too concerned with measuring distance between lines and angels of slopes. That will drive you crazy. Look at the signals, watch them, Learn just from looking, no measurements are needed, if they look strong and healthy. Of course flat lines and slopes are not strong and healthy. Lazy, listless, no authority to them, lines and slopes are not highly probable of producing mucho pips. Do the IFR training, in your spare time. It will speed up the learning process. https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post11165107

c) The Faster (thread template the green line) price line on the MTF Stochastic crossing and printing a cross on the close of the time period it represents, is good enough. You don't have to wait for the slower red line to cross. If you take a signal before the MTF closes the books on the Price Bar it is representing at the time, then it's a gamble. You might be right this time. But if you do it often enough you are going to get caught in the middle of an "Uh-oh. What did I do?" movement . But the Close is permanent. If you look close you will see small and some not so small breaks in the lines marking the close of the time the MTF Stochastic represents.

And just for the record, to all the traders who work a regular job every day, we get it. There is no need to keep explaining yourself. Most people have to work. If you assume everybody here is fabulously wealthy and nobody is working except you, your assumption would not be correct. That's what a lot of traders aim for, but for most it's a work in progress.

Hope this helps. Have a great weekend everyone!!

--- 帖子 #512 ---
LoL, I wish!

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Thank you bobby2 for all explanation it everything helps. Sorry if I upset you or somebody else, I really didn't mean it. I respect each one of you in this tread and beyond. Sorry if my post sounded wrong, I'll try to be more careful in the future! Thank you

--- 帖子 #514 ---
finally... i was waiting someone with experience with trading using MTF stochastic..

ur thread is the same with what i had in mind.. looking forward to this

--- 帖子 #515 ---
You're welcome. You didn't offend or upset anyone. Try and relax . It's all good. Cheers

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Welcome.

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Slick looking system, Bobby2 - it makes sense. I use Jforex so I can't use the MTF indicator and I can't seem to be able to replicate the higher time frame with the J-forex stoch indicators.  Any insights on how to get the daily stoch on the 4 hour chart?

--- 帖子 #518 ---
In this post https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...1#post11159791 olvus suggested a setting of 44,12,12 applied to a standard stochastic might be used to ALMOST replicate the MTF Stochastc 2.1. It is pretty close. It's smoother, but it is also different and tends to signal entries later than we might find with MTF Stochastic 2.1. To be honest, I have never used that setting to trade. You might want to have a look at it.

I mentioned that the signal on the Standard Stochastic 44,12,12 is smoother than MTF 2.1 One of the things I like about MTF Stochastic 2.1 is that I can usually see the breaks in the lines as the indicator prints a permanent record of the time period it represents. Those breaks have saved me a few pips. In the Trading Made Simple thread started by eelfranz, who unfortunately is no longer with us, his trading method used the Trader's Dynamic Index (TDI) to navigate trend direction. One of his constant reminders to his followers was to learn to interpret the various breaks that occur in the TDI's Price line. You still needed to wait until until a HA candle closed, but a break in that line on an H4 chart was cause enough to merit at least considering an entry or exit. The TDI is a little too sensitive for me, and IMO is better suited for higher time frames.

I mention this because some traders hint that a smoother signal is better. For our purposes here I disagree. I hate a jerky fast signal on any time frame, especially the lower TFs. But MTF Stochastic v2.1, because we need to wait the required time for it to finish its cycle to see the real signal, and because it usually shows me exactly where price began to strengthen or weaken, IMO I am better able to make a more informed decision without flipping round from TF to TF. The smoother signal leaves me with some questions when I look at it, questions I don't have with MTF Stochastic v2.1

But, if I didn't have access to this indicator there are a couple of things I might try if I really wanted the signal.

1) I would demo a Standard Stochastic setting like 44,12,12 and see how it works out. I might need to alter my rules a little, but it might work out.

2) Set up an MT4 demo with a some broker. Get one that will not terminate the demo as long as you log in at least once a month. Set up our template on the MT4 chart and make your trades on your brokers platform. If you trade the same pairs regularly, it's not a big inconvenience. If you scan for currency strength among a large group of pairs, put a pair selector like this one  Attached File(s)   Symbol changer 1.1 separate.ex4

15 KB
|
268 downloads

below your MTF Stochastic on your MT4 chart so you won't have like 28 pairs on your monitor. If you have a one monitor set-up, just split the screen between the 2 platforms.

Here are some possible differences between the 2 indicators with our rules. You could possibly make it work. Better give it a test run first though. Hope this helps Good luck. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is what the symbol changer looks like on the chart. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Thanks for that detailed reply, Bobby2. I had the very same thoughts about the clear breaks when the higher time frame finishes - very useful indeed. I could always take the signals from MT4 and just place the trade in JForex. Trading the four hour charts doesn't take a lot of time to do such a thing.

--- 帖子 #520 ---
im having a problem with mtf stochastic indi... im using h4 tf, and input 60 at the indi tf, it shows H4 on the indi.. but if i input 30, it shows H1 tf on the indi..

is this normal?

and about MA methode, 0 mean simple right?

--- 帖子 #521 ---
The third option would be to put the 11/3/3 stochastic on the next higher time frame and use the data from two charts side by side.

Would this work?  Maybe not as convinient as having the CTF and the HTF on one chart but at a push workable?

--- 帖子 #522 ---
In "Inputs" the top Variable is "Next Higher Auto". Change the "Value" to "False". When that value is  False, the The Time Period you manually designate will not change when you switch time frames on your charts.

--- 帖子 #523 ---
There is an option to "use next higher TF"  make sure it is set to false.  The default is true

--- 帖子 #524 ---
I agree that it can be done. Aside from the logistical inconvenience, the visuals are different, but it can be done.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
My first execution, right after reading entire thread. Maybe I should read the thread several times!

In retrospect, maybe I should of opened 1 bar back and closed 3 bar back...?!

I would appreciate any feedback especially on the open and closing?!

Thank you bobby2, for sharing and for being so active on your thread!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #526 ---
IMO you never had a chance on that UJ short trade. Like you said, it was probably possible to enter 1 bar earlier and exit 1 bar earlier, but it wouldn't have mattered much You might have been able to shave maybe a pip or half a pip off of that -2.4 pip loss. In hindsight you did the right thing because so far at least, price has continued up. If you took the next long signal you got your pips back plus some. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #527 ---
thanks... it works

--- 帖子 #528 ---
You say this because I missed something before entering the trade, or was it just a losing trade?

I guess what I'm trying to ask is, overall, was it a good trade execution according to the rules?

All I really want is to learn the "method" well, give it a chance, feel comfortable with it, see if it's right for me....pips will come naturally.

I have bounced around to a few methods, some are way too complicated, some the creator is no longer present and the thread runs amok, some the creator develops a God complex, some are nothing but smoke and mirrors and others just die gracefully.

Anyway, this thread appears to not fit any of the above, actually it feels like a breath of fresh air!

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Hey there, how's it going?

I'm back from vacation, just catched up with the thread and I gotta say thanks again Bobby for your dedication, even in August! Those "training wheels" you suggested made me create a new "test" template I will further study live once I'm sharp again and see if my current trading style can benefit from it.

During my vacation (yes I know.. I can't help it) I came up with the idea of not using so fixed TP/SL, and use them only as "maximum" levels for an operation to reach and then use the MTF action to close the operations manually when those levels aren't reached (most of the times), so it's a mixture between your way to adapt to market with the stochs while I keep my psychological need to have "limits" in an operation (to calculate risk and help myself controlling emotions), ideally the best of both worlds for me, we'll see!

Gonna use this week to clearly define how I'll use my latest idea and re-sharp my skills in demo. Next week I'll start posting and trading normally.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
"You say this because I missed something before entering the trade, or was it just a losing trade? I guess what I'm trying to ask is, overall, was it a good trade execution according to the rules?" You didn't miss anything. It was just a losing trade. IMO It was a good trade because you followed the rules. And because you followed the rules you only lost a couple of pips. As I write this, if you had held on believing it would come back your way, you'd be 20 pips in the hole right now.

When you hear experienced traders say "Losing is unavoidable. It's part of the business. You have to learn to accept it." They're not just saying it to explain away their failures. The trick is to win more than you lose. That's it. That's all of it!! And I don't necessarily mean you need more winning trades than losing trades. 5 losing trades of 4 pips each is a 20 pip loss. 2 trades of 20 pips each is a 40 pip gain. When the dust settles you are 20 pips ahead. Even long-term traders who hold a position for more than a day need to take a loss within the trade they have running. Price doesn't travel in a straight line and during the course of their trades they will lose some of the profit that they already made. It's called "draw down". If they have a profit target of 100 pips on H4 or D1, they have to sit and watch 60 pips shrink to 30 or 40 pips, or more, while they play out their strategy, follow their rules, and patiently wait for price to hit their target. It's not easy to do and it takes a ton of confidence in a plan to do it.

One of the points that I have been trying to make on this thread, and if you only learn one thing here, this is the most important of all:

You will lose some and you will win some, but if you follow the rules your winners will out-produce your losers. You may not realize it right now, but being able to see that a trade is a loser, and managing the loss to a non-threatening level where it's no big deal, in other words it doesn't threaten the account, and terminating the trade with that loss, knowing that there are going to be much more profitable trades coming up after the loss. And when they tally the pips at the end of the week or month you will be a winner. "Trading isn't a sprint. It's a marathon."

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Welcome back and good luck.

--- 帖子 #532 ---
i think this strategy also work on higher tf, currently im using it on H4 tf.. it because im personally not into scalping, im kinda into swing trading..

i use H1 and H4 for MTF stoch.. all that we need is to find the correct setting for the indicator that will give a good signal..

in my experience.. sometimes, every tf can have the same settings, but sometimes it cant because it cant give a good signal..

my setting for H1 and H4 can be the same.. but it cannot be used on D1

below trade i enter, when stoch H1 and H4 was crossing, and the trend still bearish.. so i go short... and i close my position when H1 / H4 stoch hit oversold.

btw, the MACD just for confirmation for trend strenght..

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Nice trade , nice explanation bobby2 thanks ,

my didn't go so well I could have enter earlier , both stochs were going opposite directions was waiting till CTF will follow , after entering didn't make new high , CTF went in 50 zone , and then didn't break trough resistance CTF again in 50 zone , MTF lines started to twist I thought was  price rejection .

a)did I choose poorly resistance ?

b)did I need to give second chance?

c)did I follow the rules?

d)what I did wrong?

At the end no lose no win .

--- 帖子 #535 ---
+29 pips today. 5 trades all on EURUSD. 1 loss for -2 pips. In retrospect the losing trade was not a good trade. At the time I was trying to enter late on a downtrend and got caught at the bottom. Without exit rules it would have been much more expensive than 2 pips. I also had one bad winning trade. That's right. The entry was borderline OK, but the management of that trade was a mess. I got lucky That 's nice, but it is a dangerous habit that can have vey ugly results. I don't even remember why I stayed in that trade. Anyway, I'm finished for today. I hope you all had a profitable trading day. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #536 ---
My first two trades using this system. +2 pips at the end of the day - better than a kick in the pants I guess!

--- 帖子 #537 ---
From original post:
EXITS

EXIT #1: The MTF stoch and the CTF stoch have both entered the 80 or 20 area and is looking to stay a while. Exit when the CTF stoch leaves that area while the MTF Stoch is starting to change direction at the same time. You don't need to wait for the MTF stoch to be all the way out.

EXIT #2: The MTF stoch doesn't make it past the 80 or 20 level, and both stochastics have turned and / or crossed.

EXIT #3: The MTF stoch has crossed the 50 line in the other direction. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Thanks for explanation bobby2, believe me I read rules many times and I  remember, just on live chart is a bit different. I'll try better next time. Practice, practice, practice!!!

--- 帖子 #539 ---
+16 pips

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Gah...frustrating. I exited this trade too soon. The stoch segment with the yellow arrow formed below the 80 line so I exited but that segment wasn't finished being formed yet. Stochs are still above 80. The sotchs are just leaving the 80 now so it would have been a loss (and a larger one) anyway. I could have grabbed profit at 1.28400 but I don't like the idea of potentially cutting of a huge run.

So I am wondering if it best to let the MTF higher segment finish forming or just trade based on the current location and direction?

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Spoof, buddy 'ol pal, me thinks you think too much. Just follow the rules from original post:
EXITS

EXIT #1: The MTF stoch and the CTF stoch have both entered the 80 or 20 area and is looking to stay a while. Exit when the CTF stoch leaves that area while the MTF Stoch is starting to change direction at the same time. You don't need to wait for the MTF stoch to be all the way out.

EXIT #2: The MTF stoch doesn't make it past the 80 or 20 level, and both stochastics have turned and / or crossed.

EXIT #3: The MTF stoch has crossed the 50 line in the other direction. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Another loss :-( I am long now based on the stoch touching the 50 but it isn't fully formed for another 6 minutes.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
But are those rules based on fully finished stochastic lines or where the lines are currently live? And, yes, I often think too much ;-)

--- 帖子 #544 ---
The rules also don't say,"Exit where you like." MTF fully finished, closed, ended, kaput.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
That's what I figured. Guess I am just having a shitty day. Current trade is doing well so far up 7 pips. I am now fighting with myself whether to attempt a take profit at the 1.28400 round number or hang on and follow a stochastic exit.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Hey Bobby2...sorry to be a PIA, but if I understand the rules correctly the entries and exits will be 3 bars after the fully printed stoch break on a 5 minute chart, no? And if that is the case we will not be getting in or out at the price that was at that time since the locked in break point was 3 bars back.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Jeez Spoof, I assume you're on GU. That my friend was at least a 30 pip trade from a rule based entry. Oh well. Price is consolidating now about 10 pips below the next Round number. the CTF stoch is starting to fizzle out. But niether stoch has left the 80 zone. This is the problem Spoof. You're scared. You're afraid you're going to lose some pips. If that's the case get out now. Put your mind at ease. The rules work if you follow ALL the rules not just some. Aaaaaaaaand there it goes to 1.2875. Round number hit. That is a valid target. From entry to exit is 47 pips, IF you' have followed the rules. I don'r know your entry. If you were in at the beginning I would advise you stay until both stochs are leaving the area. But if you got in late, and you are afraid of losing get out. It might go up more or it might drop down I don't know. That's why I try and follow the rules or at least adhere to common trading principles such as S&R, RNs key areas, etc. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit: As of now, it looks like a pull back. CTF stoch headed down but MTF not yet. Time will tell but it could go down and back up to 75 again or higher.

This is a problem with late entry. "Better late than never" is true for trading only if you have the sense not to push the envelope when you are late but in profit. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #548 ---
From original post:
NOTE: MTF Stochastic v2.1, or it's alert version 2.2, do not repaint. Got it? I repeat; The MTF Stochastic indicators used to create the Original Template for this thread do not repaint. All MTF indicators change signals until they complete the amount of time they are representing. If you are watching a 5 minute chart, and you have an MTF Stochastic set to represent the next higher time frame, wich on MT is 15 minutes, you weill see the MTF Stochastic point in different directions, shrink, and grow, until the time is finished to complete the duration of the price period it represents, in this case 15 minutes. When the 15 minute period is finished, the indicator prints a final, permanent line segment that will not change after the new 15 minute time period begins. It may be prudent to wait for for the MTF Stochastic indicator to complete its cycle (wait for a complete, permanent record), but part of a traders job is trade management. Market conditions may influence a trader to use their own discretion in interpreting the position and action of the indicator. A trader should always do what they feel is best for the trading account.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Well..I decided to not take profit at the round number of 1.28400 and let it ride. I trailed a stop a as I was not interested in giving back pips after losing 15 earlier :-) The stop was just taken out - MTF stochastic was heading out of the 80 area anyway. +13 pips for the day.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
I guess we were in same trade with Spoof, my gut was telling to get out when I was on top +40pips ,but I decided to follow the rules end up with +24pips

--- 帖子 #551 ---
I know...the 40 pips would have been nice!

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Anyway this 24pips I didn't have before  !

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Nice trade Spoof and you were smarter jumped out earlier , I was waiting till lines will cross !

--- 帖子 #554 ---
+24 pips today. I am finished for this session See you later. Cheers Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Ya...just trailed a stop and it got taken out at the same time the stoch was leaving the 80. The next long signal back over the 50 went for another 50 or so pips! The ADR was already reached for the day so I didn't take it as I didn't figure there would be much movement left - I was wrong :-)

--- 帖子 #556 ---
I didn't take another trade also was looking to risky  I was watching this move after, is painful ,, but tomorrow another day.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Bobby2, can you please explain your entry here, doesn't appear to correspond to the entry rules on post #1?!

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Especially those big ones! I have some trades running on the 4 hour chart +85 pips on EU and +23 pips on AU which I can imagine will take some time to play out. I have this eternal battle with small time frames and long ones - each with their pros and cons.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
The MTF stochastic had jerked up and the CTF stochastic had turned up. With both stochastic moving in the same direction together back into the 80 zone it was an entry described as a re-entry signal. Usually the CAR stochastic travels farther from the MTF orbit, but this time it reversed back right away. I have posted about it several times on the thread, but I will add it to the original post later when I have time.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Loss -10

My entry error ... MTF (green) printed across 50, but CTF was heading opposite when I entered .... so I decided to stay until MTF also turned. As soon as MTF (green) printed a reverse I bailed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #561 ---
This has been added to our original post. I apologize for any confusion about these types of trades.

Re-Entry, Late Entry, and Adding On to an existing, already-in-profit, position
(This type of entry has a higher probability of a break Even or small loss result than an initial entry. Pay attention to current market conditions.)

It is not recommended to enter a position late on an existing signal. Wait for a pull-back. How do we tell the difference between a pull-back and a reversal? Glad you asked. Sometimes you will see the Current Time Frame (CTF) Stochastic drift away from the MTF Stochastic in a different direction so they are no longer in agreement. Usually it will be obvious by the amount of separation between the two stochs, but at times the CTF stoch may only move a little in the opposite direction. The distance the CTF stoch travels away from the MTF orbit isn't important. What is important is that we see the point where the CTF stoch begins to return to the MTF stoch. For this type of entry we are watching the Current Time Frame Stochastic and making sure the MTF Stochastic has not begun to follow it up or down. On a current Close of the current time frame price bar, and seeing the CTF stoch having crossed back towards the MTF stoch that has maintained its position during the pull-back, THAT is where we enter if we wish to enter late, re-enter after an earlier exit, or add to an existing, open, already-in-profit trade. In this case we do not have to wait for the MTF Stochastic to complete its designated time period cycle, but we should wait for a close of the current time framr price bar to determine if it has turned back. It is not recommended to take one of these types of signals late.
(It is NOT recommended to add to a losing trade.) After entering, we manage the trade the same as a regular entry. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Loss -3.2

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Hang in there...you'll catch a good move yet.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
EURUSD M5 Chart Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Guys ,I know I will sound like real new,but I just don't know , how do I get this arrows trade start and finish ? Do I have to look in MT4 settings somewhere or you have as your additional tool ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Just open account history and drag the trade you want ond drop it on the appropriate chart.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Here are this morning's trades. I am kicking myself for accidentally closing the same trade on GBPJPY. I was trailing my SL and the order closed somehow :-( Oh well, got out with 15 pips on it anyway. This trade was taken out by trailing stop just as the stoch was leaving the 80 area. As of right now it looks like the up trend may going to continue. +39 for the day.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Thanks cfudge , it works

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Started on the 4hr tf

Here are current open trades...

Chris
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Looks we were in that same boat again , The Spoof !

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Why Spoof, I do believe you're gettin' the hang of this thing. Great job!

--- 帖子 #572 ---
cfudge, rip it! Great to see!

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Nice :-) I am going to attempt a re-entry on GBPJPY if the CTF goes back above 50 and the MTF goes back above 80.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Don't forget, FOMC Meeting Minutes 4 hrs from now. Price action will probably get wackier than what passes for normal. Let's be careful out there

Edit: 5 mins to US Oil reserves news. I'm out till that gets settled. Oil news has never done me any favors.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Hi Bobby,

Thank you very much to share this system.

I found out that the higher time frame stochastic green line floating about 2 step back; for example, i am at 5m timeframe, and the green line of the 15m will floating 30 minutes back, it is not only floating on current mins but 1 more 15 mins back, so over all are 2 periods of 15m green line are floating, hope you got what i meant.

by this, how can i trade effectively, meant i need to wait up to 30 minutes to allow the green line become freeze. which meant most of the time the trade is too late after 30 mins, lesser pips to earn.

Thanks Bobby.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Loss -9.4

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Welcome to our Nut House papadom. You are incorrect about the M15 MTF Stochastic on the M5 charts. You need to read ALL of the 1st post until you understand it. Then go through the thread. You will find plenty of charts and posts giving you the answers you're looking for. I'll give you a head-start. This explains MTF Stochastic v2.1, the one we use here : https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post11391034

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Doncha love oil news?  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #579 ---
I have found that also long time ago and wrote about such a thing. But I am used to it now, no problem.  You can be in profit, just read the rules once again and do everything in accordance with rules.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
God Bless You Loqito

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Yes, the higher stochastic won't be permanently fixed until after the higher time frame candle closes. Yes, price will have moved from the point where the stochastic initially crosses the 50 but we won't know for sure if it will stay there until after the higher time frame is finished. Just part and parcel of the system. I was wondering the exact same thing - the price at entry may not have been the 'best'. Like Bobby2 says, you only need to grab part of the move - point #4 in the first post.

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #583 ---
London closes in 5 minutes. FOMC minutes in a couple of hours. I'm up +39 pips for the day. I'm gonna take my pips and have some lunch and then mow 2 lawns. Have a great day everyone!!

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Why didnt you start a tradeexplorer there would be nice too have one system in here backed up by a tradeexplorer....As you write here you have a lot more positive pips than negative ones...

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Loss -7.9

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Is that what you call stochastic divergence?  I've not seen that very often at all.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
I  had a TE when the thread first began. I killed it because people were driving me insane asking me Why did you do this?, Why did you do that? on every single trade. I trade for a living. It buys my food and pays my bills. I don't mind helping out, but it got ridiculous and my live trading suffered because of it. Lesson learned. No thanks. Personally, I don't need a TE. If someone wants to join us here and make an effort to understand what it is we're doing, that's fine. If people decide not to participate here because there's no Trade Explorer, I don't have any problems with their decision.

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Hi Zapow,

Hope you don't mind me giving you my 2 cents worth on that M15 EN trade.  With all due respect that pair was probably not the best choice at that time.  If you look left you had stiff resistance just above PA as it was sat on a weekly fib pivot and 20 pips below you had the 1.7300 BRN.  If you look at the previous few candles they have wicks both ends, they are indecision candles which very often means the market doesn't know which way it wants to go.  To me that's a message to either wait to see which direction the market wants to go or go find another pair.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Nah, just my creative artwork

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Is looking at someone else's TE going to make you a better trader?

--- 帖子 #591 ---
I appreciate your advice mistakesr, I really do. But, if fib levels and BRN's were part of the decision making proccess for this system, bobby would of included it in the rules and allow us to add anything else we wanted to the posted charts.

I am following the rules, and have a TE to document my trades, I'm actually the ONLY poster to this thread with a Trade Explorer.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Indeed, for every support, resistance, fib level, pivot, candle pattern, BRN, yadda, yadda that is supposed to "work" I can show two that failed. If these things were so reliable and consistent - we'd all be rich.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
No it doesnt make me a better trader watching hes trades but i can compare and it shure make him  a better trader it is a super cool tool thats an automatic trading journal with all kind of data even chart setups and you can add coments....So you can goo back and compare and also too see how the grunder of the system are doing it with chart setups, where he puts he`s targets and stoplosses that is some of the most importent stuff in trade a tradesetup...So i can compare with where i put mine.....I dont care abaut how much money he makes,but it must be okey too back up a system that are proffiteble even it doesnt matter due too our trading at all....And if people are nagging just ignore them it isnt that big of a hassle...But stay on with your good work i havent tested your system due too i have my own...I just come back from demo for a coupple of weeks testing out different stoplosses for data so started a new account yesterday...so happy trading all...

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Loss  -2.6

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Also, a Trade Explorer keeps individuals from ONLY posting winning trades!

--- 帖子 #596 ---
H4 update

Chris

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #597 ---
I'm not saying you should use fib pivots or anything else but unless you take notice of important S&R levels (and that's all pivots and BRN's are) you will likely get killed using any method and especially on LTF's but each to their own.  Only trying to help.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
mistakesr, of course I appreciate you sharing your knowledge with me!!

I'm just not sure if this method suits me! I see everyone post straight win after win, after win, even placing entries where only a blind person would, or a coin flip was used, and still pull green pips out of a hat!! There are only 2 possible explanations for this!

I'll stick around and do some more reading, and make another attempt in a few days.

Thank you again, mistakesr!

--- 帖子 #599 ---
I sense you're getting frustrated and losing confidence. It also sounds like you are starting to think people are not being truthful here about trades they are are reporting. If you don't want to post your results then don't. But please don't accuse others of not being truthful because their results are different than yours. And contrary to what you might think, the only person a Trade Explorer helps is the person who owns it, and I'm not even sure about that.. Do you really think I set this whole thread up, did all this work, just so I could impress you on Forex Factory? Gimmie a friggin' break.

I am concerned though that you might be doing something incorrectly, or maybe you are doing something different, I don't know, something that is causing you to have so many losing trades. It's very unusual. You and I are going to get your problem solved. I want to show you something so please do exactly what I say. Do you remember this post from August 13th? https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post11360100

I want you to follow the instructions on that post AND put a standard MACD (12, 26, 9) from your MT4 Navigator menu below your MTF Stochastic. It will look like this (I don't care what colors you use.):  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I am going to give you a short, simple assignment. I want you to scroll around on your chart with this set-up I prescribed. Take your time. Try to see what is the MTF Stochastic doing when the MACD goes above and below its zero line for the first time? What is happening with the MTF Stoch when the MACD's MA line shows bars above and below itself? Where is price in relation to the 3 MA's? Where looks like good entries and exits? Where is the MTF Stochastic during those times? Try and remember which direction the Current Time Frame Stochastic is moving in relation to the MTF Stochastic when you see these entries and exits.

This is an exercise to try and get you to be more accurate in your readings, which in turn will give you greater confidence in using the MTF Stochastic by itself to trade. I want you to see what the movements of the MTF Stochastic represent. When you trade next, use this set-up to trade. I will be surprised if you have so many losing trades. I'll be surprised if you have more than one small loss. Please do this and let me know if it helps.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
I would like to show some trades to maybe help to show visual entries and some closed wins/losses.

Any input as to placement SL moving or re-entry or closing would be appreciated.

Chris
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #601 ---
I am not posting anything, because I am busy with backtesting. You can do the same thing if you wanna be confident with this system. I am interested in 1H or 4H charts and I found that the best setting for backtesting in order to replace MTF stoch on 1H chart is current MTF with setting 33,6,6. I am sure you can find another settings for another TF, just needs time.

I have checked 1H EURUSD manually for 2016,2017,2018 years and it works good or very good. 2016 was the worst because of Brexit and US elections and still you would be in profit. H4 is doing not so good in 2016 as H1, but also profitable. Just you have to spend some days doing backtest manually. I am sure that this is the way - if you are not sure, just try to backtest the system.

Bobby, hope you will forgive me that I am talking about current stoch with settings 33,6,6. Probably it can be useful also for people who does not use MT4.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Hi Bobby2,

the 3 LWMA should line up for entry rules ??

mean 12 above 57, 57 above 87 for entry buy rules.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Well...gotta post the mistakes too, right? I made a doozy this morning 70 pip loss on two positions. I shorted early @ 1.28500 level as the stoch turned down from the 50. I shorted again @ 1.28600 when the 15 min candle ended (where I should have originally entered). Price started to go against me and instead of exiting based on the stochs taking a smallish loss and re-entering long signal that came right after, I would have made up my loss and then some. I was hoping, foolishly, that since price was down for the day that the price would bounce back down from the last swing high at 1.28800 level and it blew right past. Damnit. This is what happens when you don't follow the rules :-( I do have some 4hr trades doing very well though, 250 pips in total so far, so there's that!

--- 帖子 #604 ---
If you were trading the Euro or the British Pound, AND you were following the rules you just got a pleasant surprise. Kaaaaaa-Ching!! Congrats if you were there. Nice start. Had me worried there for a bit. It dipped about 12 pips after entry. But it was worth the wait.

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Rub it in why don't ya?  Why is it so damned hard to follow rules!?! Good grief

3. There are no predictions. I don't know where price will go. The stochastics will tell us when to enter and when to exit. Do not assume anything.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
From what I could gather, I think there were quite a few shorts around the consolidation area. I don't think anybody expected the Euro to go above 1570. Now it's at 1584. The economic news out of Europe this morning wasn't exactly glowing. I'm guessing more than a few stops got taken out. I don't know what happened. On time frames above M30 it was a non-event, not even a blip on the radar. But It doesn't appear to have been purely a stop-hunt. It hasn't retreated back down yet, though Price appears to be taking a breather for the moment. How many times this month have we seen the market go into consolidation and then BAM!, a spike to new area of consolidation? Quite a few I'd say.

I wasn't trying to "rub it in". It could have just as easily spiked the other way and I would be here trying to explain why our signals dropped the ball. Its the market. Whatever can happen, will. All we can do is give it our best shot.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
I trade mostly the 5 minute time-frame. But that's me. I do well there. I am terrible at predicting market moves. I've said several times where I used to hang out on the Genesis Continuation thread that I have the utmost respect for traders that consistently call market moves in advance and trade H1, H4, the Daily, and Weekly time frames. It's not about the money. I just don't have the patience for it. But it simply amazes me that they do this and do it well. And then there are traders that do not look favorably on traders like me, who hunt for scraps on the lower time frames. I don't know how many times I've heard it said that anything below H1 is a complete waste of time. What can I say? I like the way I trade and I i'm happy with the results so I really don't care about what others think about that.

But just because I'm an M5 bottom-feeder, doesn't mean you have to be one too. There is some truth to what they say about trading H1 and above. It's certainly less stressful. Less entries means lower in-and-out fees go to tour broker. You usually have more time to make decisions. There's no need to spend as much time sitting in front of your monitor. It's probably both physically and mentally healthier and you'll have more time to do other things.

Find the time frame that best suits your life-style and personality. Do what's best for you and those you care about. People might think I'm nuts because I trade from 2 a.m. till noon (CST) every day. But I enjoy it. I didn't enjoy it so much when I was learning, losing my shirt, and wondering about my sanity and business choice, but now I'm OK.

If you are having success at one level, but other levels not so much, there may be a message in that. And don't compare. Stop comparing. It'll drive you nuts. "Find yourself, and trade that way."

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Just now, on "Low Impact" news, USDJPY shot up past the range high and AUDUSD pushed further down. USDCAD shot up. The Euro and the Pound did nothing. Every business it's the same. Location and timing.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
I was so sure this trend going down , but I was very  wrong !

--- 帖子 #610 ---
It probably won't make you feel any better, but you weren't alone. Don't worry. You'll be fine.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Hope you were able to take the next signal - you would have made back your loss. I'm having a hell of a morning myself :-(

--- 帖子 #612 ---
No Spoof I didn't , today I'm very selective , taking just bad ones

--- 帖子 #613 ---
I totally agree with you bobby i dont have the patience too trade longterm and i suck at it also i really tried too learn the Paradox system posted here by Dove alliance he is a super intelligente guy who coded hes system both for mt4 and ninja trader and take one trade pr day for 40 pips and almost never a loss and he said use 6 months and study and i did but almost every trade i took went against me probebly i was thinking the same way as most others and the smartmoney algorythms are going against the human mind....So i really look up too guys who are trading longterm and collects over a 100 pips and more of a trade...I trade 3 min...and look at 5 and 15 for shorttermtrends because i get bored looking at longer terms+i dont get it at all....So i am in and out in 5 minutes taking what i can get...

--- 帖子 #614 ---
No bobby it makes you feel ok when you know you did buy rules , tried to check something extra but went wrong and is non of your fault you have just to move on .

Yours words means a lot also to me , good to know that somebody is behind and can give advice , to correct , to cheer  .Thanks for that.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Looking good on EURAUD 4hr

Chris

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Another loss but I am pleased that I followed the rules this time. Exited when the stoch change direction off the 20 line.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
:-) If I had followed the damned rules I'd be having a great day!

--- 帖子 #618 ---
I'm having a blast day today , opening full potential of myself stepped twice on same rake  and I can see is coming opportunity to do third time ,but I think I'll pass this time I'm done with EU for today-11pips second time today .

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Hello everybody, I'm from Germany and read this thread enthusiastically. I would like to try and learn your strategy. but I have problems with the .ex4 file of the '' #MTF Stochastic v2.2. Would it be possible to make the file available as .mq4? Many Thanks

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Never thought i would be using stoch's again, lol. After running a couple of hundred trades through the strategy tester decided to stick to UJ for the time being.

Couple of losers today, finally caught the break out (I put on a candle trailer because I had to leave for a while).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Welcome to the thread. Here you go. Also, for the future, at the top of the thread is a paper clip icon. If you click on that icon all the downloads for this thread are located there. Attached File(s)   #MTF Stochastic v2.1.mq4

9 KB
|
403 downloads

--- 帖子 #622 ---
https://cdn-assets.forexfactory.net/...ic384455_1.gif

--- 帖子 #623 ---
This thread is 3 months and a half months old tomorrow. FF says there are 90 subscribers. It was the first time I saw that window. I was shocked  I'm outa here till London Open. Please tell me somebody here caught at least some that EU 30 pip dump after London closed. You did, right? Good I knew it! Later. Have a good day / night wherever you call home.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
You are doing great job  with this tread bobby , I had good feeling from page 1  is pleasure to be here

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Will do it Bobby, as you so kindly suggested.

Please give me a week or so, to study your advice, and I shall return!

Thank you Bobby!

--- 帖子 #626 ---
With Bobby's permission I am posting this modified version of #MTF Stochastic v2.1. This has different Alerts to version 2.2 and is in mq4 format.

The Alerts as follows;

UseKDCrossAlert When the k and d lines cross

UseOBOSAlert When in Overbought or Oversold position

UseExitOBOSAlert When Exiting Overbought or Oversold position

UseCross50Alert When crossing the 50 line.

All Alerts are selected individually.

My setup;

Current tf, UseKDCrossAlert

Higher tf, UseKDCrossAlert, UseCross50Alert, UseExitOBOSAlert

Of course you can select any setup you wish.

Enjoy!

Regards,

Fulla

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Thanks fullaforex!!

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Bobby2, what GMT is your broker?

--- 帖子 #629 ---
GMT-5, What do you need that for?

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Nice trade on GBPUSD just finished. I jumped the gun and got in a little early but the stochs looked good so I entered. Got taken out by trailing stop as stoch was leaving the 80 zone. I'll stop trading while I'm ahead 20.6 for the day  50 more to go to recover from yesterday's disaster.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Well done Spoof

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Powell is speakinh craysy EUR/USD popping up...

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Loss -9.5

At this point, with NOT 1 win in this system, 7 to 8 straight losses, following the rules...I'm about to give up!!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #634 ---
I only came across this thread an hour or so ago so no expert on this system, but, you entered the trade too late. M5 stoch was totally overbought and about to cross down. Had you entered as the M5 stoch was crossing the 50 line you could have made 5 or 6 pips.

M5 is a very fast time frame to be learning a new system, I would respectfully suggest that you practice on a higher time frame.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Sorry for you loss ZapPow.

I think thats an unlucky time to trade 5 min charts, especially poundpairs. It was direct after London close on a friday thats where the NY drive it strange.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Because I need to adjust the trading time. I'd like to trade in day hours.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Hi Merlyn, thank you for your suggestions...but

"Had you entered as the M5 stoch was crossing the 50 line you could have made 5 or 6 pips."

The candle hadn't closed and "confirmed" yet, all I did was wait for the close and confirmation, and I entered within seconds of new candle.

"...you entered the trade too late. M5 stoch was totally overbought and about to cross down."

At the very moment I entered, the CTF was "traveling in direction of trade" as per rules...there are no rules about avoiding any trade in the overbought or oversold areas.

"M5 is a very fast time frame to be learning a new system"

Having 5 minutes to make decisions within this system of trading, is plenty of time. There are basically 3 Rules for Entries...not Rocket Science! Plus takes only seconds to look for the basic and obvious, s/r.

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Thank you, Malony!

--- 帖子 #639 ---
True, besides,  the smaller the time frame, the higher the spread  percentage cost, to the potential gain (or loss).

A winner on an H chart, might be 50 pips, with a 2 or 3 pip return spread cost.

A winner on a 5 minute chart, might be 10 or 15 pips: the spread eats a much higher percentage of that gain.

Then again, you get more opportunities on the smaller time frames...but it is not for the shaky hands.

You  also need a broker with a decent spread cost.

The best trader I know (a millonaire), trades the 5 minute chart, with a proprietary momentum oscilator,which he won´t reveal,12 hours a day, 8 pairs.

That´s what inspired me to read this thread, the tools are open for everyone to try.

But I agree, better to start with some higher time frame.

You all have a fantastic weekend.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
@cuchuflito

Are you trading this method?

Have you read the entire thread?

Are you familiar with the method entry and exit rules?

Have you looked at all the posted charts on this thread?

When you can answer YES to each of the above 4 questions, then you can criticize my choice of time frames!

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Agree..tf choice is a personal preference.. im not good with lower tf, coz i've been there, and i lost a lot. i chose higher tf because it suits me..

but i must say, imo lower tf was pretty hard for newcomer

btw, bobby do u always set SL on ur trade?

--- 帖子 #642 ---
im talking about myself here.. back on the day when i first learn about forex, its so hard for me..

sry, if u take it the wrong way

okay.. i edited my post

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Hello ZapPow,

Disappointing to see your angry responses to people who have taken the time to try to help you.

As I previously said I had only just found the thread so am not conversant with all of the rules though I have been using MTF stochastics in my own trading for some years. The reason I responded to your request for help was because you seemed to be becoming increasingly frustrated at not having received a response after an hour, although I see that you have now removed those rather rude ?????? which were added to your post.

My reference to the M5 time frame being fast was not to cast aspersions on your mental agility, rather to remind that price jumps around a lot on an M5 chart and is likely to reverse quite quickly. The thread starter is an experienced professional trader who has developed this system over some time and is clearly able to analyse his M5 entries more accurately than you when you glance at your charts for "seconds" and , personally, I think that your insinuations that deliberately misleading results are being posted on this thread, just because you are unsuccessful, is insulting to the thread owner.

There are very few guarantees in Forex trading, or any trading for that matter, but one thing that I can categorically guarantee is that a stochastic line sitting at a value of 95 will at some point go down, guaranteed. If you need a "rule" to tell you that you need to go to Baby Pips and read up on using the stochastic indicator. As has also been pointed out to you your timing was also suspect; if a trade placed on an M5 chart on a Friday afternoon during the summer holidays fails you should not be surprised.

If you continue to respond to people who have taken the time to offer advice when you ask for it in the rude and aggressive manner that you have any further requests for help may very well be ignored.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
From the original post / Thread Rules:*Please be civil to one another.

OK Everyone, let's take a breath and lighten up a bit. The conversation is starting to get a bit snarky. There is no reason we can't be civil to each other. The snarkiness ends here. Now. No more. Please. Just let it go. Don't force me to do something drastic. We're here to trade, and do it to the best of our ability. That's all.

On time frames: Yesterday I posted about choosing time frames https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...5#post11399675

Last week a veteran trader in a different thread was replying to a similar discussion between 2 other traders on time frame preferences. He said, in effect, that no matter what time frame you trade, you're scalping. It's just that on lH4 and the Daily the time is larger. Everything is relative. I agree with him. What he meant is that the trading is the same no matter what time frame we choose. Yes there is are differences in time-in-trade, draw-downs, capital needed for funding, pip totals, etc. But the trading is the same.

There is no best time frame. It's just personal preference. This debate has raged on for as long as market price speculation has existed, along with such time-honored topics such as Technical vs. Fundamental trading, indicators vs. pure Price Action, Pivots vs Trend Lines, Candlestick Patterns-valid or not?, Why can Goofy talk, but Pluto can't? (American joke  ), the list is endless. Nobody ever wins these arguments. There are no "one-size-fits-all" answers. Each side has valid points and there is never a consensus. In other words it's an endless debate with no definitive answers. It's like a circle, no beginning or end point.

The ONLY way you'll know which one is for you is to try them.

Also, if you are having trouble reading and interpreting the stochastic indicator, all I can say is stay on a demo and continue to practice. I know it took me a while to see what others were seeing but I could not. Again, the month of August is not the most favorable time to be learning to do this. Things should be better after the start of September. For now watch your charts and just see what you can. Practice until your confidence level improves. Your skill will improve in time. But if you feel like you gave this your best shot and you feel this way isn't for you, I'd advise you to try a different way and see if you do better with that.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Hi Zap

-I traded this method yesterday, 15 M charts,3 winners, one looser.

-I read the entire thread.

-I am familiar with the method and it´s rules.

BUT NO, I did not criticize anything about your choices, (please read my post carefuly).

I just stated a fact, which is that lower time frames have a higher relative spread cost, but higher "opportunity" rate.

As far as I´m concerned, you can trade any time frame you like, and I sincerely wish you the best of success.

Btw, there´s another trader I know, very successfull, with a similar momentum strategy (again, with his "secret self created" indi),

and he trades only GBPUSD on the 1 Minute frame!!!!!!!

I like 15 minutes, it gives me time to play my guitar in between.

All the best.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
I understand people trading smaller time frames, when trading full lots ,mini lots, or micro lots.(ie. fixed lots)

A stop loss on a 240 chart, maybe on the last swing before entering, could be some 40 pips, and that could be a big $ risk for most of us.

That is the reason why I use OANDA, the only broker with no fixed lot´s.

So no mattter what time frame, I will set my stop where I want, and then adjust my lot size to the cent,meaning, if I want to risk 12, 50 EUROS, I can adjust my lot size exactly.

Having said that: OANDA IS A BUCKET SHOP, they have very high spreads, they spike massively on news, they spike massively on rollover, and if you want to trade the Assian Session, the spread is close to double the London N. York session.

Can you imagine scalping the Aussie dollar with an 8 pip spread? Well that´s OANDA.

So I only trade during the beautifull german daylight....and sleep at night.

Btw: adjusting your R (Risk per stop), to the same exact amount for every bet, gives you a clear picture, of your "R performance", and you can calculate also you "expectancy", or expected gain (or loss), per dollar risked for the system you are trading.

Just my 2 cents worth.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
When using this system on a M5 chart, you effectively are trading the M15 because you want the MTF stoch "closed" while seeing the M5 last moves. So I find it rather relaxed really. I've put a 15-minutes alarm on my computer (Cron-job).

Also, when running this system trough the strategy tester, 5...9 losers in a row are within expectation, but we have to do our homework to know that don't we?

--- 帖子 #648 ---
That is interesting Go5, did you run the strat tester on a 24 H , continuous, or only Fra/London/ N. York sessions?

I have no clue about strat testers... but I am very interested about the results!

GRACIAS in advance.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Strictly LO/LC. I might take trades from FO but I then trail by candle.

If you want to use the tester you need another MTF indi due to a bug(?) I noticed with the official one posted here.

See the chart  I posted...

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Let's not start trashing and reviewing brokers here either. Anyone who has been in this business for a while starts out blaming brokers for all kinds of things. Yes, there are disreputable brokers, and traders may not like the various ways all brokers have of extracting profit from us, but we can't do what we do without them.

Most brokers offer different "products" to their clients in the form of types of accounts. If you have a variable spread account, spreads are lower but you are charged a commission, the size of which is calculated in relation to the size of your exposure on that trade. If you have a fixed rate account, the spreads are wider but there is no commission. Swap fees, carry-over fees, or "financing" on trades held open into the next calendar date are charged by all brokers. Chalk it up to the price of doing business. If you listen to some malcontents, they sound like any entity that forces them to pay for a service they provide should be considered a criminal. It's just like buying a car or a house or something where you need a loan. There are reputable lenders and there are loan sharks. There are different terms of the loans sometimes disguised in legal language very few people understand. There are different rates and different terms and rules for the life of the loan. Some are favorable, some not so favorable.We just have to sift through the riff-raff to find the one who won't try to kill us financially.

It is normal for traders, especially inexperienced traders, to internalize what happens in the markets and take certain market events as personal attacks. We all did it, we're all doing it, and we all will do it. We have to blame something or someone for our lapse in judgement. If it's not the broker it's the banks. or the government, or an ex-spouse, or the platform we're using, or God, God is my favorite. God always gets an earful of vindictive language when I lose too much or too often. God hates me, that's why I suck at trading. I haven't got a prayer. It's a giant conspiracy. Everybody wants apiece of me.  It's not my fault. Yeah. Right. OK.

No matter who your broker is, spreads widen at the same times every day and for the same reasons. When there s huge uncertainty in the market the spreads get wider. Spreads increase: After New York Close till about the 2nd hour  after the Sydney Open. / On the first Open of the week, Sunday or Monday depending on where your feet are planted at the time, also Sydney Open, until about the 2nd hour of the session. / Major news spikes / Certain known-in-advance political events such as a scheduled vote for a major change in that country's policies / sudden governmental market intervention....That's not your broker, it's across the board. Your broker may try to squeeze an extra pip or two out of us here and there, but no matter who you trade with, spreads fluctuate for all traders at certain times. Brokers have to pay their liquidity providers, the banks. The cost is passed on to us. Retail is retail no matter what business you're in.

--- 帖子 #651 ---
I don't put a physical SL on my chart. I do have a mental stop though and an idea of when I think enough is enough. That will be determined by my assessment of current market condition. I'm not advocating that anyone not use a stop loss. I think they are an excellent risk-management tool. If I was to actually put the SL on the chart, I would just put it 3 pips above or below the nearest swing high or low. If that is too expensive, J would just put an automatic 20 pip SL on and go from there, manually adjusting as things develop. IMO. trailing stops are good to use in a healthy trend. In a ranging market though, you, more often than not, will get stopped out for more pips than was necessary. Some traders use EMA 10 High and Low lines and move their stop manually along those lines as the trend develops. It's actually not bad, again, during a healthy trend. In a ranging market it'll nickel and dime you to death. For myself, I usually let the stochstics tell me what I need to know. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Greetings bobby2 just sharing an indi for the main stoch with arrow u can use it on yr m15 and your original #MTF in the M5. Or vice versa

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Thanks buddy. Appreciate it. I'll post it in the trading tools of the original post also. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Thanks fulla, I'll post it in the trading tools section of the original post also.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
But you really missed the point, which was not to "trash brokers", but to explain the difference between fixed and non fixed lots.And I was not blaming my broker neither, you need to read properly.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Apologies @cuchuflito, and anyone else I might of offended by my negativity!

Yours and anyone elses advice is very much appreciated!

Frustration got the better of me, and I'm sorry!

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Thank you Merlyn, and you are absolutely correct in everything you wrote!!

--- 帖子 #658 ---
You said, and I quote,"Having said that: OANDA IS A BUCKET SHOP, they have very high spreads, they spike massively on news, they spike massively on rollover, and if you want to trade the Assian Session, the spread is close to double the London N. York session.

Can you imagine scalping the Aussie dollar with an 8 pip spread? Well that´s OANDA."

Did I miss something?

--- 帖子 #659 ---
It is true i am scalping for 1-3 pips mostly and would loose money with spreads like 1 pip ore more that most of my trades are 1-2 pips sometimes up too 5 so i have found a broker with 2 dollars a lot commision and 0.1 spread on EUR/USD and USD/JPY but at N.Y close and 2 ours after that i have too stay out of the market do too spikes and wild behavor and that has been the fact with more than one broker....But if you are longterm and aim for 20 pips ore more the spreads arnt that importent....But some brokers just are too expencive and its nothing wrong with talking abaut that....Atleast i dont think soo...Sorry if i said someting wrong just my view on it...

--- 帖子 #660 ---
That post wasn't aimed at anyone specific. I just don't want to turn this into a broker review thread. There is a different forum for that here on FF.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Thats totally oki

--- 帖子 #662 ---
I would like some feedback. okshop sent us an indicator that can be set to any TF. It gives arrow entry signals along with an exit signal.  I'm of 2 minds about it and would like some opinions. Here is the indicator again and an M5 GBPUSD chart comparing MTF v2.1 to stochastic-signals-mtf. The level lines in the stochastic-signals-mtf indicator were added by me for reference. Attached File(s)   stochastic-signals-mtf.mq4

7 KB
|
551 downloads
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Hi bobby2.

I like the stochastic-signals-mtf with the 11,3,3 settings on the next higher frame.. Its somehow clearer because of the different interpolation. I think i will use this new one.

I have actually two trades open on the daily with your system on u/j and u/c.  Lets see how it works out.

Greets and thanks,

Malony.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
It would probably be better if we reserve our opinions till we see we how it looks during some live trading sessions. I'd like to give it a look during the next couple of European sessions at the very least.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Oooh, You're a brave one. LOL!! Let us know how it works out

--- 帖子 #666 ---
No big deals.Sure will let you know. Its very interesting how the mtf stoch indicates a marketchange. It almost every time takes out a HL/LH when crossing the 50 level. Thanks for showing that. Very valueable.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Yes you did,  again, like I mentioned before!

And what I said about OANDA is simply true...I trade with them, so I know from experience...like I also said.

But I agree, the point is not to discuss brokers, I was discussing lot size and risk,cause I understand this to be important.

Btw. it is only fair from me to say, that I really appreciate your thread, and the system you presented.

Seems like you are a profitable trader, you could have just kept it to yourself.

I guess I will keep to myself, and only read in this thread, I don´t want to deviate anybody from the main objective.

All the best ...

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Would be possible to have signal on top of candle instead on indicator window?

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Not from this indicator

--- 帖子 #670 ---
OANDA is my broker as well and I haven't had any issues with them. We disagree that's all. Different perspectives I guess. All the best to you too.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
so true.. half of my trade went down, because my stoch make very confusing signal, so i have to confirm with other indicator.. but still glad i can still have couple of pips

okay, thanks for ur answer.. btw ur rule was a bit different than mine, but it add great viewpoint on my trading with mtf stoch

Hi chris, actually im also looking at eurusd H4 for a trade oportunity... but when im looking for D1, i thought it was still bearish, so i wait for another higher low before opening long position.

so this is how i move my SL n re entry... i assume the gray one was from H1 stoch, so i will open position when it crossed on oversold/overbought zone, and move my SL when it already reach oversold/overbought zone (not crossed yet). i will make my re-entry if H1 stoch crossed again and H4 stoch still showing strong trend strength and it haven't reach oversold/overbought zone. if H4 showing the trend almost over and already inside oversold/overbought zone, i wont make re entry. actually i also confirm this with MACD

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Hey there, have been testing this alert MTF stoch first, and I found it is not working properly. Been trying to make a few changes to the alarm logic conditions but no success for now, let's say my coding skills are... poor haha.

I tested the KD cross alert, the ExitOBOS alert and the 50cross alert. They sound when is not the time or not at all (tested in M5 and then went down to M1 to get more signals and test better). Is this happenning to you also?

In my opinion it would be extremelly useful to have a properly working alarm MTF stoch to manage orders easier for the people that can't look at the screen too much!

Here's an example of what I'm talking about, right now on GU M1:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It gave signal of leaving oversold, which did very long ago, and gave the proper 50cross signal shortly after. Then a bit later gave another false signal:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #673 ---
I believe I fixed the OB/OS problem (don't take my word for granted tho, just tested once). Changed the lines of the alarm to:

if(UseExitOBOSAlert)

{

static datetime bstime=0;

if(BufferK[1] > levelOb &&  BufferK_Curr[0] <= levelOb && bstime!=Time[0]){Alert(Symbol(),"  Stoch Exit Over Bought   ",TimeFrameStr,"   ",TimeToStr(TimeCurrent(),TIME_SECONDS));bstime=Time[0];}

if(BufferK[1] < levelOs && BufferK_Curr[0] >= levelOs && bstime!=Time[0]){Alert(Symbol(),"  Stoch Exit Over Sold   ",TimeFrameStr,"   ",TimeToStr(TimeCurrent(),TIME_SECONDS));bstime=Time[0];}

}

Gonna continue testing, it seems level50 cross was already working properly, and now I only need to fix the K/D lines cross (I like those to warn when they are confirmed only), and for now I ignored the entering in OB/OS alert because I think it is the less interesting alarm. When I'm done, if it works, I'll post the complete "fixed" mq4 file, but for now you can copypaste that fragment I changed if you want to test yourself.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
I have the same problem i only get the slow one  the one you use as trigger...But i dont Even get levels...I have used mt4 for 4 years so i know how it works but are not a coder...

--- 帖子 #675 ---
I think I found the problem.

So far I believe the cross 50 alarm works properly and as intended. And the exit OB/OS alarm, with my "fixed" code at least gives the right signals (exiting overbought or oversold).

But they both share a problem: When the MTF stoch closes a cycle (a M5 candle in my case, since I'm using M1 charts for testing purposes), it re-checks all the conditions when redrawing and gives the alarms once again, everytime it closes.

If we get the MTF stoch to only give the alarm once and not everytime it redraws, both cross50 and leave OB/OS signals will work properly with my modified lines of code. (Still need to fix the K/D lines cross signal tho).

Edit. Perhaps is not that simple, because it already uses static bools (I think those are used to avoid an alarm repeating itself), but perhaps the way it draws the line when the MTF closes a "cycle" causes it.

Also, there's another problem (I think), because if for example it almost crosses the 50level and plays the alarm but it is a fakeout and ends up crossing the 50level let's say 30 bars later, it would only warn the first time during the fakeout I believe, and it would be ideal to make it warn once per MTF redraw if the conditions are met again during that new drawing cycle (right now it warns even if the conditions are met way in the past). This is beyond my capacities, we need a coder to sort this out I'm afraid.

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Hi Ok! Have seem your indicator here and at EURUSDonly thread and since I cant PM you,,, could you clarify what is the meaning of the Inputs and how to set them up?? I trade mostly on 5mTF.. sometimes 1m. Thx!

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Have been checking it and so far I like the original one better, its true this one has no delay painting the lines (which is an advantage in my opinion), but the other feels more smooth and I kinda got used to the way its drawn so is not such a bit drawback to have the delay once you know what you are looking for. Anyway is always good to have different options to choose from so thanks okshop!

Just my 2 cents, only been watching it live this morning so maybe is soon to speak.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Thanks Aerials. I appreciate your input.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Hi Bobby,

just realized after some FF abstinence your new thread.

Seems a next level ref to GMS, but first have to read it.

Nonetheless, congratulation to your decision and all the best.

josch

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Hey josch, thanks for stopping by! Ready for September? LOL!

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Hello everybody ,

At the end of last week tensions went high was sad to read anybody blaming anybody and everything . Didn't  want to put more fuel in fire posting my loosing trades . Beginning of the week was good just from Thursday started to loose one trade after another , even doing buy the rules . I don't know what happened , was watching and left and right and different TF nothing helped . I know I don't have much experience in trading , but I understand that trading with 10pip SL , when some pairs spread I have 4pips doesn't help at all , market volatility increasing at the end of the week , stops get hit very easy , inexperience is another factor . There were and good trends and if I would have trade on one of those could recuperate for all loses ,but I didn't , not much you can do .

Today is another day , glad booby took back control of the thread and managed in his cool and professional manner , thanks to guys who are spending time to improving this system trying to help everybody here , I really appreciate .

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Isn't trading funny? I had a good week other than the disastrous trade I made that cost me 70 pips and that was most certainly all my fault for not following the system rules - lesson clearly learned. I think your SL may be too tight. I was not using a stop but figured I had better put one in place in case of some errant price action one day. I put an emergency SL at 20 pips or the last swing high/low. I think the rules do a pretty good job at limiting any losses to far less than those though based on Bobby2's past trades. No trading for me today because of the UK bank holiday - I want all the odds in my favour when I trade.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
This what I still have to figure out how is best to do I like small lose, but when you are touched with tip of finger and after trend resume is very,  very frustrating

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Win +12.5

Was late, so I did a SL at previous high, and TP at minor resistance at about 1:1 RR and went to bed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Would of been stopped out if I was watching, since Exit rules would of had me exit with a loss.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #685 ---
I left few pips for you guys

--- 帖子 #686 ---
My thoughts: lucky you...last time I tried to hang on to a trade against the exit rules it cost me 35 pips x two positions. We don't know where price is going to go but the stochs are giving us an indication of what is happening with price. You were hanging onto a trade when the stochs were telling you that price is currently going against you. You got lucky and price went back in your favour but it could have just as well kept on going. If you existed by the rules you could have then re-entered on the next when the stochs crossed back down and you would have made your pips back and then some by the looks of things and who knows...the down move might go on for 40 pips and you are on board that train.

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Hindsight is 20/20

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Indeed

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Hi Giedrius, your exit turned out to be OK in the end, just be careful not to start making up rules for each occasion. It works sometimes but when it doesn't it can get ugly. But, No harm no foul . I'm curious about your session marker. To me it looks like you have London opening 3 hours late. Did you adjust the hours in the inputs according to your broker's GMT offset? Or maybe you have a reason? Just curious. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #690 ---
ZapPow, you old dog you , Has the practice I asked you to try helped you see what the MTF Stochastic is actually signalling any better?

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Bobby,

I MUST admit, YES!

Because your forced me to backtest with the additional training wheels, I'm happy to tell you I spotted several commonalities! These commonalities appear to have a higher success rate, at least in backtesting, and at least to me!!

For the time being, I will try this below:

1) I will not be using Exit #1, but a SL at previous high, and ONLY take trades that have enough clear sailing to at least 1:1 RR.

2) Another thing I noticed was when CTF and MTF lines cross the 50 either on top of each other or very close in proximity, and both come from the 80/20 zones, price appears to have momentum in that direction.

Thank you for getting me to think for myself, Bobby!!

Ohhh, and no more TE for me...the EGO can really play games with the mind!!

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Yes I know bobby about rules , just I needed this couple pips to feel better talking about my time my MT4 is one hour behind as local time even if broker is local Irish . Can I somehow to synchronize I don't know how it works to be honest . Maybe I'm missing something ! This are benefits to be new you just don't care  , UK and IRELAND is that same time , but if possible to synchronize please let me know if not to much troubles .

--- 帖子 #693 ---
It doesn't matter where you live. It's your broker's GMT offset that they use on your trading platform.. For example, I live in Chicago in the USA Central time zone. But that doesn't matter. My broker's GMT offset is -5 (hours). Sydney opens at 4p.m. Central time, but on my trading platform it's 00:00. So in the Market sessions Input, for me, for Sydney I type a zero. Tokyo opens 3 hours later, for me Tokyo gets a 3 in the Inputs and so on. Frankfurt is 9, London is 10, NY is 15, and London Close is 19. When some countries switch back to Standard Time fom the current Daylight Savings Time, we need to adjust the times back one hour.Another way to figure out your numbers is look at the sessions bar here on FF. As each session opens mark the corresponding time that is on your platform. If the open time on your platform says 00:00 you type a 0 in your sessions Input box. It's a 24 hour clock on your platform, so 3 a.m. is a 3, but 3 p.m. is 15:00 so you would type a 15 in the input box. Is this confusing enough? Not sure if this explanation was clear, but I hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Thanks bobby2 for detailed  explanation, I'll see which kind of mess I can do from this

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Trading Success Plan
1) Read the trading rules and guidelines.
2) Follow the rues and guidelines ALL the time.
4) Follow sound money-management All the time.
5) Repeat 4 and 5 ALL the time.

If you missed them, or maybe forgot them, here are the Trading Rules and Guidelines:
TRADING GUIDELINES FOR THE ORIGINAL TEMPLATE (Both stochastics are set at 11,3,3, the MTF stochastic inputs are set at Next Highest TF.)

1. Trade ONLY in the direction of the MTF stochastic. That is the green and red one.

2. There is a pink line at the 50 level on the stochastic. Above 50 means the trend is up. Below 50 means the trend is down.

3. There are no predictions. I don't know where price will go. The stochastics will tell us when to enter and when to exit. Do not assume anything.

4. Greed kills. Remember that. Don't be looking for every single pip in a trend. You'll be disappointed on a regular basis.

5. Price action takes more time to develop on higher time frames (H1, H4, D1, Weekly), so you'll wait longer periods of time for trade set-ups, but this will work on all time frames except the monthly. We don't have a yearly MTF stochastic.

6. The MTF Stochastic in Default Settings will change automatically to represent the next highest time-frame up from the current chart. If CTF = 1 min then MTF = 5 min. If CTF = H1 then MTF = H4, etc. If you want to see one specific time frame on the MTF Stochastic or more than one frame on your chart, or, for example you want to see an H1 Stochastic on M!, M5, M15, and M30, you can turn the automatic function off in the Inputs tab of the indicator's Properties window. Just change "True" to "False" and change the default zero in "Time Period" to 60, or whichever one you want to see.

NOTE: MTF Stochastic v2.1, or it's alert version 2.2, do not repaint. Got it? I repeat; The MTF Stochastic indicators used to create the Original Template for this thread do not repaint. All MTF indicators change signals until they complete the amount of time they are representing. If you are watching a 5 minute chart, and you have an MTF Stochastic set to represent the next higher time frame, wich on MT is 15 minutes, you weill see the MTF Stochastic point in different directions, shrink, and grow, until the time is finished to complete the duration of the price period it represents, in this case 15 minutes. When the 15 minute period is finished, the indicator prints a final, permanent line segment that will not change after the new 15 minute time period begins. It may be prudent to wait for for the MTF Stochastic indicator to complete its cycle (wait for a complete, permanent record), but part of a traders job is trade management. Market conditions may influence a trader to use their own discretion in interpreting the position and action of the indicator. A trader should always do what they feel is best for the trading account.

ENTRIES (These Rules work best during higher volume trading periods)

*TRADING THE TREND: The best entry possible is the beginning of the trend. This will be when the Multi Time Frame (MTF) Stochastic is crossing the 50 line for the first time. You want the Current Time Frame (CTF) stochastic , that is the time frame of the chart you are using to trade, to be going in the same direction as the MTF stoch at entry. They don't need to have the same slope or cross together. Generally the CTF stoch will cross first anyway. A more aggressive entry is the current TF stochastic crossing the 50 line ahead of the MTF stochastic.

AFTER ENTRY

*If the MTF stochastic doesn't change direction, or flat-out cross, and stays above or below the 50 line, don't worry about what the CTF stochastic is doing. If the CTF stoch "leaves the MTF stoch area, and the MTF stoch doesn't follow, its a pull-back / correction, and it will return to the MTF stochastic at some point. If you hang out with the MTF stochastic you will be amazed at how long sometimes you can let your winners run with more confidence. With practice this will become easier to do. At first it will seem to be going against you, so you exit, and what happens? It resumes the trend direction of your now cancelled trade.

Re-Entry, Late Entry, and Adding On to an existing, already-in-profit, position
(This type of entry has a higher probability of a break Even or small loss result than an initial entry. Pay attention to current market conditions.)

It is not recommended to enter a position late on an existing signal. Wait for a pull-back. How do we tell the difference between a pull-back and a reversal? Glad you asked. Sometimes you will see the Current Time Frame (CTF) Stochastic drift away from the MTF Stochastic in a different direction so they are no longer in agreement. Usually it will be obvious by the amount of separation between the two stochs, but at times the CTF stoch may only move a little in the opposite direction. The distance the CTF stoch travels away from the MTF orbit isn't important. What is important is that we see the point where the CTF stoch begins to return to the MTF stoch. For this type of entry we are watching the Current Time Frame Stochastic and making sure the MTF Stochastic has not begun to follow it up or down. On a current Close of the current time frame price bar, and seeing the CTF stoch having crossed back towards the MTF stoch that has maintained its position during the pull-back, THAT is where we enter if we wish to enter late, re-enter after an earlier exit, or add to an existing, open, already-in-profit trade. In this case we do not have to wait for the MTF Stochastic to complete its designated time period cycle, but we should wait for a close of the current time framr price bar to determine if it has turned back. It is not recommended to take one of these types of signals late.
(It is NOT recommended to add to a losing trade.) After entering, we manage the trade the same as a regular entry.

EXITS: (Suggested exits are according to stochastic signals. Of course traders can exit at their own discretion for valid reasons.S&R, Round No.s, etc)
EXIT #1: The MTF stoch and the CTF stoch have both entered the 80 or 20 area and is looking to stay a while. Exit when the CTF stoch leaves that area while the MTF Stoch is starting to change direction at the same time. You don't need to wait for the MTF stochastic to be all the way out.

EXIT #2: The MTF stoch doesn't make it past the 80 or 20 level, and both stochastics have turned and / or crossed.

EXIT #3: The MTF stoch has crossed the 50 line in the other direction. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #696 ---
I think that your entry is too late.

Look at the trend of the chart and look at its input against this trend

--- 帖子 #697 ---
I hope fellow traders you are doing much better than me  , I thought first time didn't reach OS area will bounce up , but didn't happen .

--- 帖子 #698 ---
If you were like an EMA 72 you would see that the price is following a bearish trend.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Hello Giedrius,

Thank you for posting your chart, and I can totally relate!

Hang in there......

--- 帖子 #700 ---
You are welcome ZapPow and thanks

--- 帖子 #701 ---
I forget where I first heard it, I think it was when I first started learning about trend lines, but it's sure enough true, "The first and last bar of a trend are usually the most expensive." The spikes we're seeing to initially break price out of a prior range and then spike the other way a short time later, are most damaging to those who trade the shorter time frames because it's almost impossible to know which one is going to be the big push. It happens on a bigger scale on the larger time frames, but the timing is different. We see these a lot when the influential banks are closed and there isn't as much volume as usual  creating erratic price moves. Today is a British Bank Holiday so the normal overlap we see for the first half of the NY session isn't happening today.

Another thing to keep in mind is the fact that, at this point in time anyway, the US Dollar is in diving mode. It's kind of amazing price on USDJPY moved so little, compared to the movement of the dollar against the other major currencies. JPY aside, I would need a real good reason to buy the USD today.
https://invst.ly/8gchm

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Thanks bobby

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Nice job! Thanks a lot, really like the alarms in this stoch, gonna test it today and report back to the thread.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Sent you a PM so I don't clutter/derail the thread with coding stuff.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
After following the thread for a while I decided today to test my understanding and here's the result.

The AJ trade was a late one taken on a retracement as soon as I got up, but being just before LO and looking at correlation I didn't trust it anymore (the original entry would have been more profitable), so i closed it at b/e. The GU loss was probably a closing mistake as it was only a retracement on both Stochs (but this is hindsight). The GJ loss was an aggressive entry which turned out to be wrong pretty soon and I reentered by following what the Stochs were telling me. Both GU and GJ winners were closed a tad late as I had to leave the screen for a while. Nice to record wins and losses with still a clear profit though.

Now it's time to thank bobby2 for sharing. I have to say that I noticed this thread since maybe the beginning but only last week I decided to give it a good read, as the MTF "word" kept me suspicious. It's still early days, of course, but this strategy seems to have a lot of merit.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
I'm on it, will test on M5 charts (M15 MTF)

--- 帖子 #707 ---
So far saw a couple of problems, pasted the alarms with their times and how the MTF stoch was (it didn't change much between both alarms even if the picture is from the alarm above):

Attached Image

Another minor thing I noticed is that I saw the level50cross alarm working properly once on EJ (stoch didn't touch the level but was close and that's good to me), but was crossing 50 up and alarm said "Dn" instead.

All the alarms are turned to true during the tests.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
If you trade divergences, EURUSD MTF M15 Stochastic on the M5 chart we had Hidden Divergence. On he M15 chart at the same time, we have the same divergence but not on the MTF Stochastic , but seen on the M15 CTF , which is, of course you all know this because you have read the entire thread, is Current Time Frame Stochastic. Price bars show Lower Higher Highs while the Stochastic prints Higher Higher highs. This may indicate an underlying weakness and is found during retracements in a downtrend. It is good to see these during retests of previous highs. Watch the CTF Stochastic for late entry or re-entry when it returns to the MTF Stochastic. In other words, sell the rallies. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #709 ---
So what do we do when signals are unclear? We watch, and we wait for a signal we like. Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attachment g Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #710 ---
That's a great idea to add in, bobby. I also see a regular divergence of the MTF 15 Stochs on your same M5 chart.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Don't be so quick to jump into the market. Find clear signals you feel good about. If you have doubts stay out. THAT is the best Money Management.

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Why the sudden spike up on EU, GU, and UJ ?  Brexit news Posted by TudorIoan on the EURUSD Only thread https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...2#post11420102

--- 帖子 #713 ---
This version tests well so far.

Ignore alerts when first loading as it populates the static integers.

Regards,

Fulla

NOTE Small error corrected in OBOS section. Please download again.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
I was wondering the same thing. I caught it though...currently up 126 pips.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Hi. I just closed my open trades. U/J for a loss. Maybe it will go south, but not willing to hold it. U/C hedged it nicely.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Similar to your @bobby2 strategy
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Here is where I am at so far testing on 4hr TF (MTF daily).

Chris
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Thanks for testing and posting your results. I know it's a short time period, but I think the results so far were pretty good. What's your opinion?

--- 帖子 #719 ---
My opinion is this may well be a money printing machine. LOL Given the correct attention with the right management of  trades with BE and moving SL behind price.

We will see how I get on, I have started taking re-entry trades, as per your suggestion, but you are correct in saying these trades result in BE or small wins.

Chris

Here are some re-entry trades.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Nice work mate and great to see it working higher up.  Hope you don't mind me asking, do you wait for an H4 candle close before entry?

--- 帖子 #721 ---
I don't wait for a 4hr close on any trade. I look at the charts after daily close (2:00 pm my time) and enter if things line up...MTF crossing 50 level. and CTF pointing same direction.

For the re-entry trades I just enter when I am looking at the chart throughout the day and MTF is above/below 50 and CTF is pointing in same direction. I move to BE quite quickly on these trades.

Chris

--- 帖子 #722 ---
cfudge, Do you realize that you just might be the 1st person on this thread to have actually followed the rules? Thank you for that.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Shhh! Don't tell anyone.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
My favourite thread on the FF for lots of reasons.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Been testing since yesterday in M5 charts with M15 MTF stoch and so far found no issues at all (keep in mind I don't use the alarm when stoch enters OBOS tho, but the other 3 alarms work like a charm). Thank you for your help.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Hello Chris, nice trading!

What made you close the AUDCAD trade from the 29th?

--- 帖子 #727 ---
This has now been updated in the Trading Tools section of 1st post. Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #728 ---
There was no AC trade...but all those trades were closed by SL. I move to BE quickly on re-entries. Then keep SL tight behind price.

Chris

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Got taken out by trailing stop as the MTF stoch turned back upwards. I thought about taking profit at 1.29900 but I like to hang on for those potential big moves.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
MR bobby2,

Thank you a lot.

MTF Stoch helped me a lot to refine the strategy i use.

With refine i mean its show me exact to entry or not.

P.S  Iam short EURUSD at 1,1684 SL at BE+5 and TP1 1,1555

--- 帖子 #731 ---
hi every one. special thanks to bobby for this nice trading system. I've back tested this system for couple of hours and noticed there are 5 scenarios that we can decide whether to enter the market or not and if we entered how much to expect from that trade. i don't know if i should talk about my back testing result and scenarios here or not?

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Just wanted to drop by and thank Boby for the system:

65% winners

3 or 4 trades a day.

$ coming in consistently.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
I would be interested in your observations.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Well, that trade didn't go as expected :-( I would have liked to have gotten out earlier when the MTF started to turn up but as per the rules I needed to wait for the MTF to finish and 'lock' in that reversal segment which of course happens 3 bars later on the 5 minute chart. I assume I did that correctly?

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Strong resistance seems broken...Probably dangerous re-entry, but in accordance with rules.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Here are 5 scenarios that i noticed with MTF stochastic that are aligned with the main rules that bobby explained in the first post. these scenarios just add a little more detail to bobby rules and guide lines and can form our expectation from a probable price move in short term future.

1- MTF is crossing 50 line and CTF is going the same way and is not in OBOS zone. in this condition there is a high probability that the price will continue to move in MTF direction and MTF will reach OBOS zone which can indicate a strong trend unless we see a divergence or strong S/R.

2- MTF is crossing 50 line but CTF is in OBOS zone and they are showing similar momentum for example MTF is going up the 50 line and CTF is above 80 going up. at this condition there is a high probability that there will be a small retrace (usually 2 candle average 50 pips on m5) and then the price will move in the direction of the MTF.

3-MTF is near 50 or even touching it but CTF is in the OBOS zone and going opposite direction of the MTF (eg: mtf above 50 and about to cross but ctf is below 20 going up) . at this point according to S/R anything can happen and its too risky to get in. but considering the divergence in CTF and MTF and S/R we can conclude on what is about to happen.

4- MTF is far from 50 line while CTF is in the opposite OBOS zone(eg: mtf is at 30% with no strong up or down direction but ctf is above 80%) . in this condition there is a high probability that the price will start moving according to the MTF zone and CTF will return to MTF zone quickly.

5- MTF is crossing 50 line while CTF is doing the same but in the opposite direction. this is a rare situation and we should wait for a better signal and avoid getting in.

the 1 & 4 scenarios have the most profits and less lose and the 2nd one with a little patience and good entry can give us good results but not as good as 1&4.

the 3rd one is a little bit tricky and can be deceiving sometimes when MTF and CTF quickly change direction.

unfortunately since my backtesting results are just written on paper i cannot show them visually but i can tell that just by trading the 1st scenario more than 60% win can easily be achieved considering that we have to wait for fixed MTF line.

if there could be an alarm for 4th scenario it would be great.

i'd be happy to hear your opinion if you see something wrong about my observations.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
thanks for advice but it alerts too often without considering the angle and position of MTF. the alert should be activated only when K/D cross is in OB/OS zone and MTF is in the opposite side of 50 line and doesn't have a high angle (less than 30) like its going to join CTF. if you can do this the winning chances for trading will be doubled.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
As of today, Friday, August 31st, 2018, I will no longer support this thread. Except for a few a few individuals who followed the rules, the thread developed into an indicator coding thread with posters making their own rules for trades that had little to do with the original premise of this thread. After today, anybody can post whatever they want with no fear of intervention from me. My apologies to subscribers, but I am finished policing a thread where people just cannot follow rules. It's not worth my time. If you are interested, the original rules are located here, https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...8#post11414788 I wish everyone the best.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
I fully agree! But thank you for helping me to read the MTF better, i will still use it in my toolbox!! Happy trading!,

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Sad that you ended up doing this, but you have a very simple solution handy, ban people and keep your post clean.

I was thinking about sharing the way I trade too, but not sure if I want to deal with what your are dealing now...

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Please Bobby2, dont go, continue with the thread.

After many years I have found something good and now you go …. please.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
I think the biggest problem from this forum is that we have a lot of people who do not even understand the basics of forex, searching for the so called ''holy grail'' but most of these people are NEVER ready to give and invest lots and lots of hours of learning the BASICS.

In the time i've been on this forum lots of treads ended because people just are too LAZY to even read the first page with all the important rules of trading/treads. Almost always resulting in the holy grail searching tread killers who just don't see to understand that if we coperate with eachother we all could profit.

No hate, but people should start learning the basics and understanding basic rules, that way this forum would be a lot more profitable for us all.

Thanks Bobby for everything and i understand this completly

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Hi bobby. It's sad to see you giving up so quickly, but I fully understand your reasons. Actually I'm even surprised it took you quite some time to react, as lately most of the replies on the last few pages were about alert modifications to the indicator. As for me I'm perfectly happy with version 2.1, as I don't need alerts at all. I've been trading m5, I focus on them charts and don't leave till I get my trades and then usually go for a daily target. Trading forex is a business for serious people, which very often is not considered as such. One might think that alerts suit some people trading high TFs, yet those same high TFs shouldn't take long to check the charts from time to time for those who want to succeed... I still hope you reconsider your decision. Just a quick warning and then banning if people are persistent should be enough! You showed us a way to make serious pips and I can't thank you enough. All the best to you if you choose to keep your resolution.

As my little contribution I'm attaching a pdf (which I won't deny I have printed out and keep at hand on my desk) with the original rules.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Bang goes another one of the best threads on the FF but I'm not surprised.  It's ironic because if you can't follow rules trading anything you are doomed to failure and yet some think they know better than someone who has had skin in the game for at least the last 8 years.  This has to be one of the simplest and yet profitable systems out there so why some continually try and change things is beyond me.  Thanks for the enjoyment over the last few months Bobby, I've very much enjoyed reading your thread.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Good morning.

Just for reference, the best trader I know, has a similar momentum strategy (trades on 5 M).

His exit, would be akin to the Exit # 3, in Boby´s original rules. Meaning he would stop and  mostly reverse, on an opposite signal.

It takes balls sometimes, and small winners might turn to small loosers, but he tends to hit the big runs, and more often than not, the massive runs.

I have my "own exit rules", but just double checking my last week, my profit would have been close to double with Exit # 3.

Boby and everyone here, thanks and have a gorgeous weekend.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Took this short just before LO. Not sure about the timing but it looked so inviting...

Edit 8:15. It seems to struggle to break the Asian lows. I saw 14 pips. Moved stop to b/e+1, MTF stochs up to H1 still strongly pointing down, H4 in solid OS area, Daily about to leave the OB area. Monday morning usually slow and a few euro news coming up but nothing to lose at this point.

Edit 8:34. Oh well. It was not meant to be. News spike took my stop away and luckily no slippage. Trading news is a 50% chance and surely not an edge. Did I learn the lesson? LOL

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Giving a shot at GU on M1 after news spike

Update 10:30. Currently 17 pips, stop moved to b/e

--- 帖子 #748 ---
This could be a scale in moment but I'm not pushing my luck, especially at this time.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Update: took 16 pips as it seems to me things are slowing down, also I need to leave. One more reason is that today is a US bank holiday and my confidence feels a bit shaky. R:R is a bit less than 1:1 but I'm happy with it. Could have got a few more pips on the 1st trade, but hindsight is no use. Thanks once again to bobby2 and I hope that more people would spend the time necessary to learn his strategy.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Very nice trades, well done.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Hi Boby, your thread, you can do whatever you like.

BUT I saw trades you posted, where you were breaking your exit rules  yourself...it just happens...

--- 帖子 #752 ---
sorry bobby i didn't know that my post will be called changing the rules. doesn't Forex factory give you the ability to remove inappropriate posts and so you have to quit?

--- 帖子 #753 ---
I don't think you get it mate but I'll leave it there.

Anyhoo, here's a better start today after a 2% hit yesterday through making stupid mistakes.

Got out a few pips early on this one, just another psychological battle after a losing day yesterday.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Better effort with this one.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Green beans!

--- 帖子 #754 ---
I see there might be some confusion here... I don't think bobby ever claimed that this is a holy grail system with miracle indicators and that we should blindly follow entries and exits as described. Some discretion is still required. The signals cannot be followed blindly in the context of the live market. The exercises suggested by playing with the blank chart were more to show what a little discipline can do by following the signals blindly and how effective they can be. Also, as we are well aware, the MTF takes more bars to complete compared to the CTF (wrongly described by someone as repainting) and from the rules posted: "It may be prudent to wait for the MTF Stochastic indicator to complete its cycle (wait for a complete, permanent record), but part of a traders job is trade management. Market conditions may influence a trader to use their own discretion in interpreting the position and action of the indicator. A trader should always do what they feel is best for the trading account."

And again about exits: "(Suggested exits are according to stochastic signals. Of course traders can exit at their own
discretion for valid reasons.S&R, Round No.s, etc)"

I think bobby's rant had more to do with the fact that the thread was focusing more and more on the modification of indicators and also some people seemed to be making up rules of their own that would affect the original philosophy. Bobby's request in many occasions to use the original template was not lightly devised imho. It's well known how many threads on FF easily deviated from the original intentions and ended up dying by posting different looking charts, and indis and ideas, which would twist the OP's suggestions.

Let me reiterate: this is not the HG, some discretion might be required both for entries and exits still without losing the original main concept. Up to you what you do with it. Just my 2c.

I still hope in my heart that bobby would reconsider his decision and come back, not to police the thread (which hopefully will not be needed) but to share more of his experience with his strategy...

--- 帖子 #755 ---
I second you, mate. Psychology always plays a big role, even more when we lose thanks to our own mistakes and by not following our own rules. But you do prove that when we not let ourselves succumb to it, recovery and further gains are possible if we keep exploiting our edge.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
check this chart you can see what your trading using the guppys

--- 帖子 #757 ---
What did I say earlier about no need for police? LOL

No way that bobby will ever come back...

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Everything was already explained by Bobby. There is enough info for anybody. Next thing is just about personal staff - if this person can use such info for profitable trading or not. More info will not help, in my opinion. Bobby left after he did his best.

--- 帖子 #759 ---
They just don't get it lol and no he won't and I don't blame him one bit.

I've always said, systems are only 10%-20% of trading anything, the rest is inside our own heads.  We are always the weakest link.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Attempting a re-entry short on AU M1. Stop is quite close behind previous M5 last high. Treating it as a scalp on the momentum wave so stop will be moved pretty quickly to b/e. If it doesn't break yesterday's low with force I will close.

EDIT 8:18 - Stop moved to b/e + 1 after seeing 10 pips. Free ride now. By the way, the times I mention are GMT

EDIT 8:24 - Stop moved to +13 after seeing 24. That's 1:1 R:R.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Closed at 18 pips as after all that was an M1 trade, stochs are heading up on that TF and also, last but not least, this is a weekly support. That's 1.5 R:R.

If I can shed a word about exits, that's what I was meaning in my post yesterday, and I think it doesn't go against bobby's philosophy. I first let move and then banked my pips based on my vision of the current market conditions. I'm happy with my management and I hope to keep such kind of discipline in the future.

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Testing on a demo account with Dax. I don't know the instrument at all. For now it's ok and stop at b/e + 1 but looking at the past though, maybe the MTF settings are too slow. I'm not sure if it fits bobby's system. Will keep an eye on it when I'm finished with my real trading.

EDIT 10:21 - Reached 30 pips in no time. Probably just luck. I'm trailing at 20 pips stop. Just curious where it will get. Dax can move far and quickly both ways .

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Closed manually at 30 pips as the stochs seemed to be heading up quickly. The small b/e trade was taken with a wrong lot so I closed it asap and reentered with the correct stake. Now before I get crucified by someone very attentive and fussy, who will have noticed my settings for the MTF are different, as I said before, the Dax seems to require a faster stochastics because of its fast changing nature. So I'm not discarding bobby's original settings which remain extremely valid for currencies, but I'm only trying to adjust it to this peculiar behaviour. I might be wrong of course. Will keep an eye on it for the future. I just wish that trade was real (it saw 47 pips)... LOL

--- 帖子 #764 ---
One more go at my opinion about rules. This a long signal according to the rules, but good sense suggests me in this case to wait and see, as the move up was too quick. I'll wait for a good retracement either on M1 or M5. I might be wrong, as I don't know the Dax behaviour very well and it might just take off and never look back, but my guts tell me to step aside right now. To answer once again who was questioning not following the rules, imho a little discretion is required. I'm pretty sure bobby wouldn't take every signal that comes along.

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Now I'm long on an M1 more or less solid retracement. Stop is wider though, below the previous congestion on M5. Let's see if it goes.

P.S. - Once again I took a wrong lot and closed it a b/e LOL

EDIT 12:13 - At 15 pips now. Stop moved to b/e+1. Maybe a bit too early considering the wild swings that Dax can make, but I will stick to it for now.

EDIT 12:30 - Taken out at +1. Lunch time and also it went close to a previous support turned out as resistance in hindsight. And also (hindsight again) there was some congestion on the left, but still it managed to move a fair amount in favour. This Dax looks quite promising with this system, but early days.

--- 帖子 #766 ---
was anyone trading just now when the huge 100 pip spike came from out of nowhere?

got stopped out on eur/jpy for 25 pips, and my tp triggered for 40 pips on gpb/aud. Wish i hadn't of set the tp now as it is the first time i set one......

Bobby says he trades with visual stop loss but no hard stop loss.

This is one of the situations where i am thankful of using a hard stop..........

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Hi kain. I stopped trading in the morning as my daily target was reached. Not sure if I should be grateful or pissed off seeing what happened. As for me anyway, I could not trade with a mental stop, first because I got burnt in situations like this in the past, and second because I don't trust myself pulling the trigger if things go pear shaped, as this also happened in the past. I can still hear that little voice telling me things might turn good again, so with all the discipline in the world I still have to rely on a set SL.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
also wanted to say that I don't see how people can backtest this system, as if the m15 stoc lands touching the 50, or a millimeter through it, if on the next few m5 bars you get bears ...then the stoc will actually repaint slightly and stop touching the 50. and yes I have observed this on the normal m15 stoc at 15,30,45 and 00 past the hour.

having said all this, ..so far i've had more winners than looses and more profits than losses when forward testing this strategy in live market ...so perhaps at the end of the day repainting isn't that much of an issue

--- 帖子 #769 ---
I could use a visual stop perhaps if trading H4 or something ...as an unforseen spike wouldn't hurt that much

but on m5 something like that potentially could ruin your account if you got caught up on it.

when my trades triggered today, I noticed there was no slippage. and tbh i am impressed. as my last broker would have slipped about 10-15 pips during a spike like that......

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Indeed...there have been two ~100 pip spikes on the five minute GBPUSD in the last several days. I used to trade with no stop either but changed that notion after thinking about these huge spikes. I caught one from last week +90 pips as I was already in a trade and boom! up she went ;-)

--- 帖子 #771 ---
How do people handle the big spikes when they go against them?

I wasn't in a trade but marked a recent entry on usd/cad. The big spike would have taken most people's stops out tbh, and as it happened so fast there was no signal to gtfo

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Thanks bobby for writing this thread. This trading system is really great. I just want to express my little idea to trade with it more confidence.

At the first step of this system, we will look for the MTF crossing 50 to enter a trade, but I think we should change our mind to look for current stoch crossing 50 instead of MTF. Current stoch (lower TF)= entry point. MTF stoch (higher TF)= trend/ confirmation.

BUY Entry (H1/ H4)

1. Current stoch crossing 50, MTF above 50 and with the same direction.

2. Current stoch crossing 50, MTF rise from below and cross 50 within 3 bars of H1 and no strong momentum (price not rise too much).

BUT EXIT (H1/ H4)

1. MTF enter OB zone 80 and green/ red line cross down.

2. MTF not enter OB zone 80, but Current stoch cross down 50 and MTF direction turns down.

H1/ H4 works very well. Please comment. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
The reason Bobby left this thread is because of what happens on most threads, people find a system that suits them and given to them by OP's that have years of experience but then they want to change the rules.  There's no problem in you changing rules to suit yourself but please do it in private and not on the thread, the few people still here are more than happy with the rules listed on page 1, they work.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
This is the point of stops. Obviously trading during news releases can help avoid most of the errant spikes, but sometimes these things pop up out of seemingly nowhere. I treat my stops as basically emergency protections - the stochs tell you to close a trade long before price moves 100 pips against you on a 5 minute chart - super bonus if you are already in a trade when it goes in your favour though :-)

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Morning guys. I just wanted to show a few trades I had so far. I seem not to be in the zone today and I did make a few mistakes, like the short on EJ where I entered probably for revenge reasons (psychology still playing) although I was quite undecided for a few reasons (when in doubt stay out), also the short on Dax as the MTF was not completely flat in OS. Then I managed to recover on Dax and EA and closed when the loss was totally offset (capital preservation). Bear in mind that both the winning trades are still going according to the original exit criteria. At the moment I'm a few pips ahead and I will wait for safe entries, but what's important is that the strategy allowed me to go back to b/e just by not losing my calm and knowing that I do have an edge. Just some food for thoughts...

--- 帖子 #776 ---
I won't even put two entries I made yesterday up here, too embarrassing .  Lost a whole days profit from the first trade with two completely dumb entries chasing trades and thinking with 3 years experience using the stochs I could second guess them, no you can't!  I was interrupted most of the day yesterday so instead of just taking my days profit and walking away I thought I'd be a smart-ass and try and grab another 2%.  This is one of the many differences between amateurs and pros, so much to learn, so little time.

--- 帖子 #777 ---
I hear you, my friend. My own negative traits are impatience to open trades and seeking revenge after losses. I think identifying our faults is one step to defeat them. On the positive side, the MTF gives me more confidence now to hold on to my winners (and that was another negative). Moral of the story, I believe this system does give an edge. Up to us to exploit it and win this game...

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Absolutely agree, it's just a case of trusting the stochs which at times can be easier said than done.  It's interesting how our heads work, I've been using CTF and MTF stochs for 3 years but this year I went back to trading peanut lots at the start of the Northern summer holidays and only went back to my 2% per trade at the beginning of this month.  It's interesting because I felt myself being nervous putting what I consider real money back on the line and was getting out of trades early.

My trading mate in NZ said if that's happening just go back to IFR for a few weeks until you get back in to the groove which is what I've done and it's working, slowly, we will see what the next couple of weeks brings.  End of the day, Bobby's system works.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Hi there bobby. Sadly you have found what I also had to put up with in the Genesis thread. People just WILL NOT do as the OP asks and simply follow along for the good of everyone. They want to change and modify and create a jungle of rubbish, rather than growing a pair, and opening their own threads.

You gave it a shot man, and good on you for doing that. That's more than this other bunch of hijackers will ever do.

--- 帖子 #780 ---
I'm not sure why that sudden fast up move, but as I had 3 positions open I thought I could close them all with an overall nice tally. Missed on a few I know, and I should not be playing with more trades at once. Still, the fact remains that the MTF pointed me in the right direction. Dax would have been a nice long in the morning too, after a short loss, but I didn't catch it.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Your MTF works extremely well on the 1Hr TF settings 8 3 3 in conjunction with a TDI - buy or sell when both the TDI and the MTF 4hr indicators cross the 50 line.   Thank you

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Very nice trades mate, well done, you're killing it! I took just the one trade yesterday early in the Asian session. The entry doesn't look real crash hot in hindsight as I entered before the MTF closed but it worked for just under 2% so I'm happy with it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Testing my luck shorting Dax today. At the moment testing support. Stop is at b/e +1. Let's see what happens

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Closed at 31 pips. R:R is 1:1.7. I decided to close not based on stochs but on volume behaviour. Of course now it will move 100 pips more LOL. But I'm not greedy. The truth is that I like to see some good results on my first trades. If I open trades later then I might become more aggressive and risk for higher rewards if there is a chance.

EDIT 9:56 - What did I say? It's moved 45 more pips at this point. LOL Well, not really LOL but I'm happy and amazed to see proof that the MTF is still saying not to close the trade. Beautiful beautiful beautiful!!! I will have to trust it more in the future...

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Dude, you are doing so well. I think I said on a previous post, sometimes our trusting relationship with the stoch is easier said than done and especially when you have daily bread on the table and it's in the black. I've read many times, having daily goals is not such a good thing but for me I disagree, it gives me focus which has been one of my biggest weaknesses and continues to be so trading ltf's.

There are none so blind as those that do not want to see.  If you learn it, which you have, how accurate is that stoch man?

--- 帖子 #786 ---
I said in my very first post that, although I had noticed this thread since its start, it took me several weeks before, still reluctantly, I decided to have a full reading, reason being that I was allergic to the MTF "word". I had already tried before other MTF stochs systems with no satisfaction so I was very skeptical. After a few posts and checking on back data and live charts, I realised there was some merit so I carried on reading, and after trading demo for a while and a further reading I thought I got the grasp to go live. As for accuracy, which was my main concern before I started to check myself, I have to say that the 2 indicators do complement each other very well and the entries, quite different from the old usual OB/OS concepts, seem much more effective. If wrong, they allow contained losses, and if right some nice winners could be behind the corner. No holy grail here, but I believe that with proper management this strategy is a winner. I said it already, but I am repeating for those who landed here, just to urge them to have a thorough reading and understanding.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Ben away so far. Giving a shot at Dax short.

EDIT 15:34 Wow... moving fast! Stop at b/e after seeing 22 pips.

EDIT 15:40. Well, it was a false breakout, at least so far. Closed manually with a few pips, as the CTF changed its course drastically. I think it saw 26 pips. Of course, I couldn't let it turn into a loser after that. More trades will come...

--- 帖子 #788 ---
There was a very nice CTF re-entry on Dax this morning. Travelled 65 pips. I missed it as away.  I wonder how many people are trading this strategy as hardly anyone posts trades...

--- 帖子 #789 ---
I hope to start next week in demo from the London opening.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
I will post this couple of trades on AUDCHF to show mistakes and hopefully well thought trades. The long was taken as soon as I opened the chart and well late on a long signal, which I thought was a CTF re-entry, really, both in hindsight and foresight was not even there. Basically a rush trade. The second one, not according to the original rules but I noticed a divergence on both stochs, so I closed the long and entered short. Exit was on support and after recovering the previous loss and another small one I had on EJ, to preserve capital. Also this is usually the time things slow down and at the moment I'm typing the price is actually bouncing up.

About divergences, bobby does mention them in one of his posts.

EDIT: typo correction

--- 帖子 #791 ---
GU get ready for retracement guys.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Right, it took me a while before I got a decent trade for the day. I closed it at 1:1 as I have to leave and now it will run forever... LOL Still, once again, bobby's system rocks!

EDIT 14:55 - Having a quick look now while away. It would have got to a nice 1:2 so far and MTF is still up and rising! Awesome system!

--- 帖子 #793 ---
I am still trading it. I gave up on the 5 minute charts though - I really do not enjoy sitting at my computer all day waiting for a set up. I have moved to the 4 hour time frame and I only need to check the charts once a day at market close to see what's up. I have been having excellent results. I am also live testing out an observation I had with the MTF on this time frame so I have two types of trades going on at any given time so I don't post trades anymore - too lazy to figure out which trade was which

Here is one from Aug 31 though - taken out by trailing stop. I need to re-look at that trailing stop idea now that I am on a higher time frame. When I was trading the 5 minute time frame the trailing stop usually got me taken out when the stochs were telling me to get out anyway so it worked out fine - not so much on the 4 hour. I could have hung onto this trade for an additional 70 pips or so before the MTF changed direction to leave the 20 zone.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
I am still testing system on demo, just because do not like to rush. There is no need to hurry up. Using 1H and 4H and trying to figure out the best way to exit. Trailing is not always a good option. Stops are also the things that should be cleared by me before I go live, I do not think that trading without SL is safe.

I do not like to post a lot of charts or write posts, but this system is working from my point of view.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Glad to have some feedback, guys. Well done. I hope someone else will see the merit in this method and take the time to study and implement it.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
I don't post much here either but I sincerely hope this thread survives, it deserves to.  Anyone that spends the time to understand how the stochs move have the beginnings of a system with a significant edge, couple that with whatever tools you use for S&R and you have a system here that is as good as anything else out there.

Let's hope this thread goes the same way as Neil has done with Davit's system, that thread is booming and regardless of what the nay sayers and wannabe's harp on about people there are learning how to stick to a system, a very good system and are making money. Personally and I reiterate, just a personal opinion but I feel Bobby's system is even better because, to be honest, you can't get much simpler and us stupid people like to keep it simple.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Well I'm not posting but I'm indeed using it too with my own spin, no way I'm stopping after finally adapting it to my own taste, it really holds power and Bobby gave us the chance to use it so I for one will continue to do so, no matter what happens to this thread.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Ok, guys, I get your point and I agree up to a certain point. In fact if nobody posts it's inevitable that the thread will die (unless the OP comes back. You reading, Bob?) and I myself don't mean to carry on posting trades forever. It's evident imho that the strategy is solid and I understand that the people trading it, myself included, have been using their own little twist. What I suggest is that from time to time, it would be good to post at least the trades that happen to match the original criteria despite our personal twists. I think it would be fair enough just to the purpose to share a valid way to trade profitably.

Edit: I forgot to add that it would be worth to include the losers as well.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Hi guys,

which pairs are you using the strategy with?

regards

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Wanted to give this indicator twist a thumbs up.  It's perfect on M5 along with trading pivots.  Price might not always reach a Pivot or Mid-level, but having the M15 on an M5 chart is an excellent decision maker in a ranging market.  Oh, and I'm using the Stoch in the more standard way of entering after the lines cross and moved just above/below 20/80...  Don't worry!  I won't hold you responsible if I lose my shirt!

ADX is in the mix too.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Where's the indicator twist..... I need it pls. Can you drop it here for me. Also can u do a short video of how it works for you. Thanks

--- 帖子 #802 ---
I haven't been posting either but I will continue to trade this system with my own twist. I know the rules are now deleted from page one but when you are only allowed to post using the "thread template", why would I and others change our template just to post here? We are not here to participate in someone else's experiment. We are hear to learn how to trade Forex using a system that works for us, and for many of us that means adapting a system to make it more comfortable for our own trading style. So long as the basics are the same, why should a different template or a slightly different indicator bother someone?

It's only natural for someone to experiment with different entries and exits to test the system. You never know, they might come up with a significant improvement that if posted would be shared for the benefit of all. I can't see how that would be a bad thing.

I am grateful that Bobby shared his idea here but was very surprised to see him "spit the dummy" over such trivial matters, stating that he no longer wished to "police" the thread. Really! He thought he had to Police The Thread.

People don't like rules that constrain them and restrict their freedom to experiment and learn. I wouldn't be surprised if the thread fails because no one likes to be bound by one and only one rule of thought.

Read posts 37,39 and 40. You might see my point.

--- 帖子 #803 ---
I doubt you will lose your shirt but you will get in late on many occasions.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
I very much doubt Bobby gives 2 hoots about what people post here now but I suppose coming to someones thread and then trying to change the rules is a bit like going to someone's place for dinner and telling them you don't like their decor and they should change it.  Each to their own but for me it just shows disrespect.  There are plenty of variations of this system but when you start getting different indicators thrown in it very often gets confusing and especially for newer traders. Just my 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
I agree with you. I'm sure each one of us has his/her own twist, which very likely might in turn make other people's life complicated if they want to understand the system. Rules are there for a reason. I believe 2 famous threads  on FF (Strat's and Davit's) owe their longevity to sticking with the original chart template when posting, by request of the OPs. There must be a reason. I for one will keep posting by using the original template even if my own is different.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
You can trade any pairs you like.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just some thoughts about exit on higher TF. As far as I understand, Bobby are trading mostly on 5 min. TF with current to MTF (15 min.) ratio 1:3. We all know exit rules. But when you are trading H4, then the ratio is 1:6. And it makes some difference - probably it is not smart to wait for MTF cross when you see some strong movement. I wrote in my previous post, that trailing is not always a good option. But looking at the screenshot above I doubt that just waiting for MTF reverse cross is good idea.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
You bring up a very good subject Loqito, something my trading buddy and I have spoken about for at least the last 2 years.  We trade similar systems but he's up there on H4 and I trade M15 so our expectations are very different.  He's hot and cold with the stoch even after 2-3 years but me on LTF's, I swear by it, it's so accurate but from what I've seen on anything above H1, I wouldn't use the stoch for entries or exits, there's just too much leeway, a whole heap of pips.

From what I've seen with the stoch above H1 I'd be using it for general direction but nothing else.  If anything I'd consider the CTF stoch roll overs on H4 and above as more consistent.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
When you see the "kink" in the Htf Stoch it's a heads up. Also there is a bounce off resistance. Bobby spoke about a similar thing on post 28.

See Chart.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
For anyone that is new to trading with stochs or for anyone with the time and inclination to improve using them I can't recommend IFR trading at weekends highly enough.  Just take everything off your charts apart from the stochs or use Bobby's IFR template and go through 50 - 100 entries and exits using the stochs only marking them with vertical lines.  You'll amaze yourself and it builds trust.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #811 ---
For anyone who would like to learn more about MTF Stochastic here is a very interesting thread from Spudfyre back in 2007. Trading MTF Stochastics Manual.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=36708

and here by k2kv also from 2007. The Art of Trading with MTF Stochastics

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=52125

Enjoy,

Fulla

--- 帖子 #812 ---
and this thread make it simple my friend.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Never said it didn't

--- 帖子 #814 ---
I know

what i try to imply, may be you have something to inform something that is not here.

since you have other references.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
If I am allowed a couple of cents more, to further (and humbly) reply to those who insist on being legitimate about posting different charts and methods to "improve" bobby's idea, I urge them to read post #41, especially the bit about purpose:
"All I ask is if you post charts here please use the template from the 1st post. Why? I've seen it a thousand times, and in every single instance the thread gets hijacked. The purpose of the thread is to explore the potential profitability using these charts, exactly as they are."

That reinforces what mistakesr was pointing out in post #811 (or viceversa LOL).

Also, from the same post #41: "If you are using this method to trade, please show us your results with a posted chart. Don't be shy. This thread isn't intended to be the bobby2 show. Please share your results with us."

If still more explanation needed, for those who haven't noticed, over the weekend bobby edited his first post to better explain his reasons to leave and also posted the original rules and indicators again.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Dipping my toe in EU

--- 帖子 #817 ---
UPDATE. Closed at what I see as a resistance on H1. Being my first trade I'm less adventurous and want to see pips in the bank.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
I'm short on Dax, late entry, been in red for a while, watching it closely because of the time of the day.

P.S. On this broker the pipsometer doesn't work properly, so divide the pips by 10.

LATE UPDATE: I had to leave and am just back. I decided to close at b/e after seeing 9 pips and congestion forming.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Crap entry, exit was early as there was a BRN and R38 pivot 5 pips North but look at the stoch, it rarely lies.  I'll take the 2.2% half way through the Asian session any day of the week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #820 ---
WHAT NOT TO DO! I entered short and although I was aware of the support (more evident on higher TFs), I didn't bank my pips and waited for the price to go against me, I didn't close it when the MTF moved past the 20 zone and, worse, I averaged my loss with another short! Then I closed the 1st one at b/e and the second one at lower support. The reason for all this was just a feeling by looking at the way the price was moving, giving me some sort of confidence it would turn right. A feeling??? This is a mistake, but I'm sure nobody needs me to tell them. This time the market forgave me but that beast is rarely a good guy, especially thinking of those crazy moves we have been experiencing on the pound lately! I am aware of these mistakes, yet I keep making them all the way long. Psychology still my worst enemy and I work hard to defeat it.

The reason I made this post is that hopefully it will help others not to do what I did.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
One more trade on GU. I usually don't like trades at this time of the day, but that one was calling me and I wanted to test my trade management psychology. I closed at 10 pips at resistance. I could have probably moved the stop to b/e and waited but, again because of the time, I didn't want to risk my gain.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
...And I will add 19 more pips on EJ around London closed on support. It took a while but it paid off. I missed quite a few good trades over the day, but honestly I won't complain. Tally for the day is 57 pips.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
I thought this was an excellent short video (7 mins) on trading psychology.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Great post Bobby.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Guys, I'm just back home and I have to post this picture. Mistakes made of course, but I hope you will see the beauty of the system (yet again LOL). This morning I decided to go with euraud, and as you see I managed to get 3 losses in a row, with a late exit on the 3rd one as well. Then I got the winner that wiped out all three! After it started to move the right way, I had to leave for an appointment but I kept checking on my mobile. TP was at round number (50 and res) but as you see the stochs would have given more. Trade would still be open at this moment as the MTF is still kind of flat-ish above 80. I'm at -0.3 pips and that means I've lost some pennies on the spread, yet I'm delighted...

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Hi. I do not see any error. Inputs and outputs according to the rules, only the last entry that is still alive because the MTF has not left the zone of 80 yet (55 pips right now).

By the way, I'm trading (in demo) eur / gb, eur / jpy, eur / usd, gb / usd, usd / cad and aud / usd, I think enough. Which pairs are you trading?

Pd: today is being a great day for this system.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Today:

eur/usd: about 60 pips (not closed yet)

eur/gbp: 12 and (1 open now +10 pips right now)

eur/jpy: about 100 pips (not closed yet but the entry was before the Euro open so I should not count.

gbp/usd: about 100 pips.

usd/cad: -9 and +8

aud/usd: -6 (MTF left zone 80 and then climbed again

--- 帖子 #828 ---
By mistakes I mean that I shouldn't have probably entered the winner where I did and waited for the price to retrace back, then move up again after bouncing off the resistance, thus having overall a better entry point. But as someone said, maybe I think too much... LOL

You can trade any pair. I don't really have preferences. I just look around where I might see an opportunity and then I snipe that one pair.

As I see, you are really going for it.  Now do no get excited and carry on demoing for a while. You will not regret it

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Mate do you wait for the MTF to close once over the 50 level before entering or do you enter whilst the current M15 candle is still open? By the way, you should be delighted, you're doing really well with this system trading it like a boss.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
i have a question. what is the difference between bobby MTF stochastic 15m with parameters 11/3/3 on a 5m chart and a normal stochastic with parameters 33/9/9 (11/3/3 multiplied by TF coefficient)on the same chart. it looks like the same. isn't the normal stochastic more precise?

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Loved your post!

As I was reading, this came into my mind.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Thanks for your words, my friend. I think the secret that we all keep searching on this forum and similar others is simply a strategy that we feel sure we can trust, and then we are free to relax and dedicate all our efforts to study and use it and get good results. The most common questions I see people asking when a new system is posted is "How long have you been trading it?" and "do you have a record of past performance?" That's the fear we all have: to dive into something that we don't know if can be trusted or not. But the only way to be sure is, first, to read as much as possible, then watch and watch again (the penny dropped for me only on my 2nd reading) the trades of the OP, then demo it for a while, still making mistakes but overall still taking the good trades and managing them at best. I'm speaking about fitting it to ourselves. That slowly builds confidence and gives us that inner bit of strength and belief day after day that we can do it. Simple.

I hope I have helped a bit to see that bobby's strategy has great merit and can make pips, no matter how our mind keeps playing games. But still whoever decides to embrace it, they still have to do their own homework to see it succeed. I myself did try other strategies, which I'm sure have merit too, and I had good results too although not consistently, so I didn't manage to make them mine. They probably didn't fit my character. This one does.

Now, as for the first part of your post, I usually don't wait for the MTF to close, but I try to enter when it is near the final 5 min, by watching the clock. That's to reduce as much as possible the chance that it will change at the end. Also, of course, I like reentries when the MTF is well on its way and the CTF retraces and bounces off again. If people are interested I could post an indicator that draws vertical lines every 15 minutes (or other TFs) but I don't use it because it clutters my charts, so I rather look at the clock.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
I have no idea how the MTF is calculated but you can compare your suggestion in real time. Here is a chart that shows the MTF and the stochs with your settings (dotted lines). At a first glance the main difference I notice is that the MTF appears to be faster. Also other MTF stochs displaying like steps don't seem to match bobby's version, even on the levels.  I don't know how all this stuff compares in real trading, but I will stick to the version that we have. Only worry is, if it's true that MT5 will at some point replace MT4, to find a version that compares to the one we have here.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Hello everyone.

I have the same question, what do you do? I wait for the MTF to close eleven over the 50 level before entering but this can make it very late, maybe 15 or 20 minutes later, this is my big question.

Edit: I read you answer 4fxonly

--- 帖子 #835 ---
thanks for response. you're right i didn't put them all in one window. also i noticed the normal stoch gives more false signals and crosses 50 while the MTF doesnt.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
That's my trades for today. I took EU only after all the EUR news and closed it with a little gain (luckily) when I had the impression it wasn't moving up anymore. I could have entered the short after, which would have been a good trade but I decided to stick with GU already open and pushing down.

From now on I'm not showing any more trades because it feels like I'm boasting off. If there's someone who should post trades, that would be bobby, but we know that's not going to happen.

That said, you guys know when to enter and when to exit. So it's your turn now.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Only one thing, what type of entry is Gbp / Usd? Is it a reentry? what does it consist of?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Yes, reentry of course. MTF was steady down, although to be honest I anticipated it a bit when the CTF was a slightly up but quite a few GBP pairs were down at the time.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Really enjoyed this short video on trading with fear.

Inserted Video

and this one, maybe a bit out there for some but meditating whilst trading.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Thank you @mistakesr, great stuff ... can be applied not only to trading, but poker as well!!

Thank you!!

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Another great day for this system:

Euro/dollar: +25

Euro/Gbp: +11

Euro/Jpy: +35

Gbp/Usd: +38

Usd/Jpy: +2

Aud/Usd: +1

Usd/Cad: +19

Today I have introduced a new pair but I am thinking that there are many trades per session, around 20 and this makes it very stressful.
I'm thinking of staying with only 3 or 4 pairs and this makes the trades per session are between 6 and 10. Less stressful and I can concentrate better.

I think I'm going to stay with the following pairs as I operate the London session:
Euro/dollar, Euro/Gbp, Eur/Jpy and Gbp/Usd

I'm still on demo with this strategy, I do not know for how long, I guess until I'm totally sure of it and I feel comfortable, at least a couple of months more.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Brilliant, mate! Youre gonna rock when you go live!

Opposite to what I said, I will post a few more trades (hoping that people will feel a bit compelled to do the same), to show that even with a crappy management this strategy still delivers pips. That's the only trades I have taken today. I slept in and missed a few good ones. Then entered very late on the long GJ as for a few reasons I thought it had some juice left (that's also why I didn't close it early) but, beside my reasons, the MTF was still supporting it. I closed it on my mobile as I had to go a family lunch and wasn't feeling comfortable keeping it open. It would have given quite a few more. The other two were taken when I was back home and both spikes caught me by surprise simply because I was distracted and didn't manage to close with more pips, as both were hitting support. But still you can see the tally is not too shabby. Come on guys, post your trades...

--- 帖子 #843 ---
I was looking at the Gbp / Jpy pair and I do very good rallies, I think I'll include it in my follow-up although it gives a bit of vertigo.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
a question, I am with a demo with 1000 pounds and a leverage of 1:30,  how many lots with would you enter a trade?

I believe that with 0.01 lots per 1000 pounds, am I right? what do you think?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Just my opinion - try to calculate your lot using reasonable SL and reasonable MM like 1-2% of your depo in case of SL per each trade. I am also on demo and probably will start live trading after New Year (if I will be satisfied with my performance). And also I would be very cautious with GBP pairs, because Brexit thing is not over.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Although I agree with Loqito about having such a sensible MM, you will need to calculate it yourself. Everybody's risk appetite is different and also, I'm sure you know fine, the more you risk the more scared you might get and that will cloud your judgment, thus affect the final performance. Old stuff, but still valid nowadays.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Try the Dax and you'll see what vertigo means!

--- 帖子 #848 ---
side ways ready to get up

--- 帖子 #849 ---
I think you are right

here is a position size calculator I find very handy

Try this one it is good
Attached File(s)   PositionSizeCalculator.ex4

18 KB
|
266 downloads

Attached File(s)   PositionSizeCalculator.mq4

11 KB
|
314 downloads

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Here's a couple of trades, the first one is a good example of the necessity to pay attention when trading M5 even during the Asian session. It went nearly +8 which is just under 2% for me and I ended up about - .5% because of distractions and not reacting to the CTF stoch turning.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As Bobby mentioned in his excellent post a few weeks back we should be grateful for profits, no one died, the account is still growing but this is what happens when a trader is sometimes still struggling with fear.  Personally I use weekly pivots for S&R levels and I could use the excuse that exiting at pivot levels is part of my plan which it is but on this occasion I'd be lying, it was fear.  Instead of trusting the stoch and taking 3% I jumped ship at 1.2%.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On a side note, even though this year I've become profitable after 4 years of learning I still struggle with fear and primarily because my lot sizes have increased substantially.  I've been given much advice but there are two things that stand out in helping me with that, the first is concentrating on process and not thinking about money, pips or anything else, just believing in the system and knowing that if I stick to the rules I have an edge and a very good expectancy.  The other one is my introduction to meditation, I cannot rate it highly enough, for something that takes very little to learn, is free and takes no more than 15-30 minutes a day it's pure gold and not just for trading but many aspects of our lives.  Give it a go, you just might amaze yourself.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Two more Asian session trades, can you see how us Australians have to pick the dregs of all sessions lol, I'll take the just under 4% today and give LO a miss.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Green beans!

--- 帖子 #852 ---
That's what I was speaking about. Probably that helps more than impeccable trades.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Yes, I know, my father has 67 years old and he trades the dax.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
The problem is that the SL never knows where it is.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Been away most of the morning and missed the good moves again. Had this little long on GJ which was actually mimicking GU but at a slower pace unfortunately. Got out at RN as it is also a previous res and momentum was lost a bit, although I gave it some time. Of course I'm also more wary when the move is well on its way. It would have been much better to enter at the actual cross of the MTF...

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Can you explain how to use it please? I put it in the chart but nothing appears. I think I'm doing something wrong.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
You need to set up the entry and stop levels and the risk in the options and then you see in the top left corner of the chart the amount you're supposed to trade.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Just to give another example of bad trading. I went long on GJ again as the MTF was still up and I thought it might give another go at the RTN/res. It did happen but I was busy replying to geosevilla. So I closed only with a couple of pips and missed 5-6 more. Nobody else's fault but mine of course. When trading, and especially when scalping, not a good idea to get distracted.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
I'm sorry to hear that.

I only enter the trade when line 50 passes and if before it comes from the zone of 20 or 80, if the MTF changes direction but has not touched some of those zones, I do not enter.

I do not re-enter either.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Thanks for that but the problem remains that the SL never knows where it is.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Ok, I see your point now. That's only a calculator and doesn't place any trades or stop levels. There are plenty of scripts and EAs for that on the net. I'm using a paid EA but I could suggest this free one http://fxcraft.biz/en/product/fxcraf...-order-editor/ which I used in the past. Once you know your lot size by using the calculator then you could use the MT4 One click trading to enter and the EA to manage. At the moment the order is placed, the EA kicks in and shows the levels which you can also drag around.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
That support might shift and become res but I played this a bit cautiously and took the pips. I would have liked it to be faster and go for the RN.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
...and finally I managed to get a good one. The reason why I closed has to do with my tally for the day. I missed some good pips in the morning and when it was hanging around that secondary sup shown I banked my pips. It might even go down forever now I'm happy with my overall total of 44 pips. Tomorrow is another day.

P.S. - Before someone asks, a bit of exit rules broken as I didn't close at the first turn of the MTF, but I was ready to do it if the price had gone strong above the 75 level. It didn't, so I held.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
mtf stochastics looks like 3 candle behind.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
1st trade of the day. Reason for exit: behaviour around the 75 level, which in this case was also matching previous res. I urge you guys to go and read the post bobby made about levels. Very enlightening (for some reason I overlooked it on my first reading and it was a real discovery, when I read again).

--- 帖子 #866 ---
To be honest your comment doesn't even deserve a reply but I will.  Read the thread.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Yesterday: (18 trades)

Eur/Usd: -9 pips

Eur/Gbp: +29 pips

Eur/Jpy: +25 pips

Gbp/Usd: -28 pips

Gbp/Jpy: +1 pips

24 September: (14 trades)

Eur/Usd: +34 pips

Eur/Gbp: -8 pips

Eur/Jpy: +8 pips

Gbp/Usd: +40 pips

Gbp/Jpy: +40 pips

Today: (Right now) (15 trades)

Eur/Usd: +20 pips

Eur/Gbp: -11

Eur/Jpy: +15 pips

Gbp/Usd: -19

Gbp/Jpy: -34

--- 帖子 #868 ---
How many pages of the thread have you read? Did you finish at least page 1?

Do yourself a big favour (and I mean it from the bottom of my heart): follow mistakesr's advice and read it all, but not just once. Keep your eyes peeled and your mind open, especially on bobby's posts, and you will maybe thank yourself one day, as I did. Same goes for everybody who's reading just now. It's not a long thread, take the time to read everything. That'll be your first step to making good trades. I was blind too by just looking at the MTF bit, before I convinced myself to spend time on reading it properly.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Don't you hate the days when you trade like a dead set twat!  As Bobby mentioned, the first cross of the 50 is the most productive and it sure as hell is.  Don't break the rules, don't chase trades and you won't end up wiping out a few days profit, -3% today and I did it all by myself.

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Today: (Right now) (15 trades)

Eur/Usd: +20 pips

Eur/Gbp: -11

Eur/Jpy: +15 pips

Gbp/Usd: -19

Gbp/Jpy: -34

- 39 pips now and almost two hours left for the London close.

We will see....

--- 帖子 #871 ---
I am not surprised, because today FOMC rate probably will go up. Better stop trading for today now.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Agree with you. I'm break even-ish. On top of that I'm not proud of myself at all today. I got some bad entries which I exited quite late as I was mistrusting the signals the stochs were giving, and for the same reason I missed some good ones. I hope I learnt one more lesson, and I'm off for the day.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Update: (Right now) (17 trades)

Eur/Usd: +20 pips

Eur/Gbp: -11

Eur/Jpy: +15 pips

Gbp/Usd: -23

Gbp/Jpy: -34

- 43 pips now, 30 minutes left for the London close and 2 trades open.

I am a little angry because I had trades with +20 or +15 and in the end they ended up lost.

The rules are the rules or not ….

Edit again: too many trades, they are many pairs and I have a lot of stress, I can not separate from the screen all day, I think I'll leave the pound pairs.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
I had 3 trades open before the London close with almost 20 pips, right now only with 2 pips of profit ... I am sure that in the end I close them in negative.

I have to find a way to change this, I've been the same all day.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Update: (Right now) (20 trades)

Eur/Usd: +18 pips

Eur/Gbp: -13

Eur/Jpy: +10 pips

Gbp/Usd: -23

Gbp/Jpy: -34

I closed the three trades, I had them with +25 pips and I closed them with a total of -9 pips.
The rules, sometimes win and sometimes lose.

I close today with -42 pips.

The first day in a week that I have in demo that I lost. Many trades, it's crazy, I have to stay at most with 3 pairs, I like euro against dollar, pound and yen. I think that with them you can get to do 25 or 30 pips a day. I have to think a lot tonight ...

Greetings to all.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Today: (8 trades)

Eur/Usd: +2 pips

Eur/Gbp: +25 pips

Eur/Jpy: -3 pips

Total: 24 pips

I have to think better about the exits, sometimes I have +15 or 20 pips and they stay in 5 pips or I have +10 pips and then I end up lost.
Example today in the euro dollar, I had 35 pips in favor and left with +8.

Even so last week I lost no day and ended the week with 179 pips and 41 trades, only euro against dollar, pound and yen.

This week no negative day counting only those three pairs.

We will see how it ends tomorrow.

By the way, I enter the market when the MTF crosses the line of 50 and it is confirmed, I leave when the MTF leaves the zone 80 or 20 and it is confirmed. It is for that reason that sometimes I cut the profits but if you leave before you may leave the trend very early.

Anyway with these three pairs you can make 20 or 25 pips a day.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Hello. I'm posting this one to highlight mistakes. It's a very late entry made also worse by the fact that the entry bar was much bigger than the previous ones (that's one thing I usually avoid). Actually I was in red for a while just after entry which should have been on the bar before. Being late ultimately affected my management. I exited because the price was hanging around an RN, LO was approaching, I was conscious that I entered late and didn't have many cushion pips behind me. Bottom line: FEAR! There are already a few more pips to be squeezed at the moment I'm typing; even moving the stop to b/e would have been a more sensible option. Guys, do not do as I do. This system allows to trade relaxed, and the only reason we mess it up is our ourselves. I'm sure we're all aware but repeating it from time to time doesn't hurt...

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Anyone got in the Dax today? In the region of 100 gain... Unfortunately I have neglected it for a few days

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Today:

Euro yen +30 pips, I could take now +85 but the MTF left the zone of 20.
Euro dollar: +3, the MTF left the zone of 20 and come back quickly, now it has +45, lol.

Total today: +33 pips. Glad to be positive.

What I said yesterday, entries are perfect, pips are almost always added, I have to think about exit better.

(I know, my English is bad).

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Not only you, I also will have to change/improve something about exits (trading H4), because difference between H4 and D1 is really serious. Using MTF for exit is not the best option in most of cases for H4. Only time will tell if I am wrong or right.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
I've found the same thing Loqito, the higher the time frame the more leeway the MTF stoch has.  Maybe using S&R levels, weekly pivots or perhaps a 5EMA would be a better option for exits on H4?

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Hi 4fxonly,

This short book below was uploaded by Davit, I read it yesterday and it's excellent, written by a pro floor trader he goes in to dealing with many aspects of trading including fear.  He also uses a lot of extracts from Psycho Cybernetics which is a very famous book written in 1960 about visualization techniques.  Thought you guys might find it interesting.

Attached File(s)   Davit's Philosophy (1).pdf

484 KB
|
468 downloads

--- 帖子 #883 ---
I think, that watching current timeframe stochastic behaviour can be very useful, this is just matter of practice. But, really, it is just about personal experience and choice. For sure, S&R, pivots and EMA also can be helpful.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
hi,

anyone know how to add the MTF 15M->1H ? right now the MTF 2.2 only gives 15M->30M and 30M->1H

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Not quite sure how you work that out mate, you can set the MTF to any time frame you wish. Change "Next Higher Time Frame Auto" to false and then a couple of fields down where is says Time frame 0 put in the time frame you want in minutes so 30,60, 240 or whatever your choice is.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
oh yeah got it thx

--- 帖子 #887 ---
I closed everything when I had 50 pips in total with the 3 pairs that I trade.

So that will be my strategy before the MTF leaves the zone of 80 or 20, that makes me subtract pips. If I have enough pips, I close everything. If the trend continues later I do not care anymore, happy with what I have.

If my goal is 25/30 pips a day, so ...

Then 50 pips plus 8 that I had already accumulated, total 58 pips, not bad for Monday.

Honestly, I do not know if this system will always remain that way but it is quite surprising because of the simplicity.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Well done! Today. I'm sitting at -14 pips over 4 trades because I contravened my own rules to recover losses first and then make pips: 3 bloody times, not just once! Also considering I couldn't be at the monitor the whole time, thus missing some good trades, I'm pleased at how small I have been able to contain the total loss, by simply following the MTF.

EDIT: Just managed to turn the tables into +24 pips with EU and EJ. Calling it a day, but one more chance to praise bobby's strategy. Once again, old and new followers: study and trade it faithfully. Pips are just around the corner.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Such a shame this thread died and such a shame more budding traders don't see the benefit of using Stochastics although I'm not surprised.  There is so much bullshit out there that says oscillators are only good for OB and OS conditions it's ridiculous, if they knew what they were doing they'd know the reality is just about opposite to the crap they're spouting.

Another one bites the dust!

--- 帖子 #890 ---
I second that unconditionally! It is sad indeed...

If it can help people getting a tiny bit of motive, since you resurrected the thread, mate, I will post my morning trades so far...

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Looks like you got a continuation trade there too if you were looking for one.

EDIT: You did to, about 25 pips so far.

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Well, yes. It's got up to 55 pips so far but I exited at the 50 level mainly because it was the level at which the opening gap would close and also because everybody has been shouting SELL over the weekend (extremely bad reason, the latter!) LOL

As we see, the Stochs were more reliable than anyone shouting loud...

--- 帖子 #893 ---
They always will be mate, the stoch rocks and especially on LTF's if you know what it's saying.  I only trade 2 pairs these days, AU and EJ, that's enough for me, my old brain explodes if I over work it.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
It's a shame this thread has appeared to die out.

This is one of the better styles of trading. It is a robust method. Really good for beginners.

I trade similarly, called slingshot. Maybe that's why I was drawn to this thread.

Has goosevilla gone live? He seemed to get good results daily off 4 or so charts.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
It sure is and you are absolutely correct, Bobby's system is great for new traders and old alike, it's so simple and as long as you have some way of seeing S&R levels it's pretty hard to go wrong.  I'm surprised this thread didn't create more interest from new traders.

Most of my trades these days are on EURJPY and last weekend I went through a few months of M5 looking at the MTF crosses and fair enough, some of them only went 5 or 6 pips but there were very few outright losers and many went 15-30 pips a trade.  If you trade at 2% with a 10 pip stop loss you don't need too many of them.

No idea about Goosevilla.

--- 帖子 #896 ---
I still follow my plan to go live after New Year on H4 TF. Now on demo, more than 1 month. Result is mixed, +10% to depo with 1-2% risk per trade during 1st and2nd weeks of October and -10% from depo during previous week. As I told before - H4 TF needs some kind of different approach. I think, that it is even more easy to use this system for M5, than for H4.

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Just my experience with it Logito but I couldn't recommend using the MTF stoch for entry signals on anything above M30, the higher you get the more leeway there is which makes life a little more difficult for entries and exits.  M5 it is deadly accurate if you know what you're looking at.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
The MTF is defined as the next time-frame up.

The M5 works because the next higher time-frame, M15, is just 3:1.

So, for the H4, the next higher time-frame, is the daily, so the equivalent is 6:1. (4 hours compared to the daily, 24 hours)

The problem for the H4 choice may be because of the ratio 6:1 as compared to M5s 3:1.

Possibly, the markets moved far too much to be profitable to use H4.

The thing I am looking closely at is the alerts that are triggered on the M5, which eventually disappear when the MTF(M15) finally closes out.

Looking back, the MTF doesn't trigger a 50-cross, even though during an alert appears.

(I am referring to MTF Stochastic Alert V2.)

But, as long as you have awareness of this, you can apply some reasoning for yourself, such as waiting for the M15 to complete.

Effectively, using the alert as an early warning system.

Still overall, a good mechanism.

PS: Don't want to get into a flame war about re-painting of the MTF. I am not stating that.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
I definitely agree. As for myself I'm extremely happy with M5: plenty of chances all over all day long and losses are easily offset.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
I agree also, but I can trade only H4 or above. I will try to find the way of using MTF stoch, I have some months ahead before I will finally make my decision.

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Early in this thread quite a few of us mentioned that we had our own variations on Bobby's system and I've been sat here trading today just wondering what some of those variations are.

For me there's a couple of additions, I use the 20 and 50 EMA's for intraday trend direction and daily fib pivots for support and resistance.  If I'm trading M5 I also have M15 and H1 charts open to get an idea of what's happening up above.

Would be interesting to know what others use.

--- 帖子 #902 ---
I think thats a great idea. If nothing else, it would revive a really solid concept.

Because of Bobbys original request not to derail this thread, maybe a satellite thread could be created; eg "MTF Stochastics Trading II".

To avoid this new thread from becoming a free-for-all, a clear set of rules, such as always respecting the original core rules, could be required.

I am too new to be allowed to start threads!

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Alright...back to giving this strategy a go on the 5 minute charts. First trade of the day was a loss. Are those of you that still trade this waiting for the MTF to close below/above the 50 before entering? Man, I always feel that gets in moves late...you just hope it keeps going.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Took this trade on the MTF bounce back down from the 50 level.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
I don't always wait for it to close, it depends on what I feel PA is doing.  As far as getting in late is concerned, yes sometimes it is late and you will only pull 4 or 5 pips from a move but this is one of the big benefits of trading M5, you don't need 50 pips a day.  I trade 2% with a 10 pip mental stop loss so 10 pips a day gets me my 2%.  Yesterday I took just 2 trades during the Asian session (I'm in Australia) and won them both for +18 or 3.6%, you don't need more than 2% per day consistently to build an account quickly but there's that pesky word, consistently.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Ya...consistency. I am starting to think that is a bad word   What pairs do you trade form over there? I am in Mexico so I try and catch an hour or so before the NY open and then go until the London close. I am just focusing on E/J, E/U and E/G at the moment. Trying to watch too many pairs does my head in.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
LoL, the word consistency should only have 4 letters, horrible word   I only watch 2 pairs, EJ and AU which more often than not will give me enough opportunities to bag my 2%.  I try and only trade from 9am - 12-1pm local time but if that doesn't work then I'll go back at London open for a couple of hours.  One of the biggest issues I find trading M5 is focus or lack of.  Get distracted for 10-15 minutes and bang goes an opportunity for 10-20 pips, a days worth or more.  On the upside there are days when you sit down, see a signal almost straight away and within 3 or 4 bars you're finished for the day and off fishing or getting some exercise chasing the wife around the house .

--- 帖子 #908 ---
I don't use particular filters to enter except trying to select pairs with higher daily range and avoid major S/R. My favourite pairs are GA, EJ, GJ. At times I use the dax but lately it's been a bitch so I have ditched it for now. What I like to see is the MTF possibly coming from OB/OS and breaking with a good angle the 50 level. I pay more attention to exits. An example is this trade today: the angle of the Stochs was beautiful and I closed at the BRN and support from the long early bar, although there was still some momentum at the time. Reason is that today is NFP day and I tend to collect my earnings as quick as possible in London morning. So now I'm done for the day.

--- 帖子 #909 ---
If I can add one more tip... (by the way, I couldn't resist this trade: the stochs angle again looked too nice to be ignored!). The price seemed to struggle at the 75 level so I decided to liquidate 50% and move the rest to b/e. Now it's more than a free ride and I will follow the MTF to exit or reach the TP, beside trailing the stop a bit if the price moves decently.

EDIT: Stopped out at 15 pips. The 50 level and the previous congestion proved too strong for now. Considering the day I should have closed around the 50 when it wasn't taken soon but I ignored it for greed. LOL Not complaining though... BTW the MTF has crossed at the moment, so I would have got out anyway.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Hi everyone

I hope there is one coder reading this....

I trade in 15min chart. I did some visual backtest and noticed that the MTF 1h Signal is very reliable if the slope of the MTF4h is in the same direction (except the MTF 4h is above 80 / below 20). Is there a way to filter the MTF1h cross of 50 by the slope of MTF4h ?

One screenshot for better visualization:

blue : 4H MTF

red: 1h MTF

black: SlowStoch

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Does anyone find that larger time-frames results in MT4 slowing down quite noticeably?

I have 4 charts on 15-mins and the charts get clunky.

(I am guessing this thread will now explore variations, thus diverging from the core rules.)

@hundsbua: have you created a single window with multiple MTF lines?

--- 帖子 #912 ---
yes all in one window - I create an email alert for MTF1h 50 cross - but I wish the altert get filtert by MTF 4h slope

--- 帖子 #913 ---
ha-ha! good for you. I have modified the MTF to give me an email alert as well.

(but only for the 50 cross)

If I were coding it, I would have to infer a slope by comparing the mtf[1] value (last closed bar) to the mtf[x] closed bar.

([x] being a set of bars before the current bar).

if the mtf[1] > mtf[x] then infer an upward slope.

and the reverse for downward slope.

but the decision as to how many bars you look back is an intuitive judgement.

--- 帖子 #914 ---
maybe I used the wrong word "slope" - I just meant that the MTF4h should be in the same direction (up for long...)  than the MTF1h

I use the MTF dashboard (see attachement) - there the direction of the MTF is coded by red/green

looking foreward to your code

--- 帖子 #915 ---
that is not right - I keep absolutely to the original rules - I just try to filter wrong 50cross

--- 帖子 #916 ---
I must have missed your post and I'd like to share now my view on this, and for that I'm going to paste a few lines from bobby's pdf "It may be prudent to wait for for the MTF Stochastic indicator to complete its cycle (wait for a complete, permanent record), but part of a traders job is trade management. Market conditions may influence a trader to use their own discretion in interpreting the position and action of the indicator. A trader should always do what they feel is best for the trading account."

Very often (as others have posted already) I don't wait for the MTF to complete its cycle. If you think about it, that would actually defeat the purpose of using an MTF indicator. We might as well use a normal indicator in that case and if trading 5 min, wait for the 15 min to close, don't you think? In many cases it would be too late. As bobby said, trade management is part of the game. The direction of the MTF and the 50 line breakout tells us a microtrend is already on its way. If the indi reverts back, too bad, we close the trade and consider maybe an opposite entry, or we wait for another signal. There is no escape, unless one trades mechanically. My way to filter bad trades, as I said a couple of posts ago, is to pick what looks like momentum trades, with a nice slope of the MTF moving from the top/bottom. I might also take reverse trades after failed breakouts. But I always search for momentum. I have no magic wand though, and each time I open a trade, I am aware that the price might move against me.  Well, too bad... Close, rinse and repeat! I'm sure nobody here needs bobby or me say that. This is an essential part of a trader's education.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Ok, but I see some quite "rich" charts there...

--- 帖子 #918 ---
just for clarification how I trade the MTF Stoch system in 15min Chart

Rules for LONG:

SStoch (Setting 11,3,3) Trend UP / Value of KPeriod over 50

AND

MTF 1h (Setting 11.3.3) Trend UP / Value of Kperiod over 50

AND

MTF4h (Setting 11,3,3) Trend UP / Value of Kperiod over 20

Rules for SHORT

SStoch (Setting 11,3,3) Trend DOWN / Value of KPeriod below 50

AND

MTF 1h (Setting 11.3.3) Trend DOWN / Value of Kperiod below 50

AND

MTF4h (Setting 11,3,3) Trend DOWN / Value of Kperiod below 20

Example for Long Entry
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Example for short Entry
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best Hundsbua

--- 帖子 #919 ---
I would like to show a trade that i just took based on what I said in my last post on momentum, even before the bar closed. Both the the CTF and the MTF were pointing down with a strong angle. Now it's only about managing. I might be wrong but the stop loss for now moves down...

EDIT: seen 15 pips, stop at b/e

EDIT: Closed at 14 pips. The 1 min bars have been hanging at the previous support level which seems to hold strong for now. I was hoping for the 50 level but it's U.S. election time and I don't have any intention to wander about.

What I wanted to point out is that this kind of trades seem to scream "Take me!" (at least to my ears)...

P.S. - Apologies for not showing the pair on the first pic, as I didn't realise the shot didn't include it.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Just noticed the "code"  comment.

I attach MTF Stochastics Alert V3.

Notes:

1: field Pricefield is now updateable. It allows you to choose whether the Stochastics use High/Low (0) or Close/Close (1).

(I prefer Close/Close, as the slopes are steeper, and lines go higher and lower into OB/OS area. It seems clearer for me.)

2: new field SendEmailAlert added. This is for the 50Cross only.

3: all code changes are marked OWD01 (ObiWanDax, change 01), so anyone see my specific changes.

4: I am assuming you know how to enable emailing!

4a: Options / Email tab: tick "Enable", etc.

4b: ensure you have an email that doesnt stop incoming emails, etc.

Caveat: You download and use this at your own risk. For educational purposes only. No guarantees are granted or implied!

--- 帖子 #921 ---
...and just to carry on about what I consider a weak entry, the vertical line marks what could be a reentry, but I see a few cons though: the MTF is not coming from the opposite side of 50 and slope is not steep, the momentum is not strong but one needs to watch the chart in real time for that, the previous support is close so there might be not much room for profit, and finally the time of the day as I don't like taking trades when London starts to approach lunch time. At the moment I'm typing the trade acquired some momentum and would have made some progress. But it still remains a weak entry for me...

EDIT 11.35: Famous last words... it went down to the 50 level so far as AUD seems to acquire strength LOL But still not an AAA entry to begin with.. In time, selecting better entries will pay off.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
That looks textbook

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Dear ibiwandax

but there is no option to filter 50cross of timeframe"x" by Trend/Slope of timeframe  "y" ?

best hundsbua

--- 帖子 #924 ---
I just posted my 50cross email-alerter only.

Didnt do the trend-slope.

That post by me was just describing how I would do it. I guessed that if you could create a multi-MTF indicator, you would code it yourself.

Sorry for any confusion.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Entries are looking promising...

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Exit 1: Stoch M15 has reached the 80 and get out

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Exit 2: Stoch in M15 crossing to exist signal

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Exit 3: Stoch in M15 crossing back under 50
In my eyes the best

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Greetings from cold munich
R

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Hope you had a great week.

Exit 1: 32 trades: Points: 4308: Pts per trade: 134

Exit 2: 19 trades: Points: 998: Pts per trade: 52

Exit 3: 18 trades: Points: 1256: Pts per trade: 69

If you are making 134 pts per trade in Exit1, why do you think Exit3 is better?

I am assuming the risk per trade is always the same.

Assumption 2: test carried out over same dataset. What was the start-date for test?

--- 帖子 #931 ---
you mean me? Just a rough test...will test WE on strategytester and next week on my VPS...

--- 帖子 #932 ---
thanks for info.

Exit1 then was carried out over a bigger dataset. maybe there were some major trend moves which were caught that Exit2 and Exit3 didnt see because of different dataset.

you seem to be very thorough in your research.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Simply I have 15 other EAs running now and just (also) coding some interesting strats...

I only wanted to do the guy a favor cause he is also german and near munich but I was not really interested in this strategy!

But i look on the (quick) results and they are really good...so why not give it a try.....

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Ok.....take a longer period....about 2016 summer till now...from left to right exit1 to exit3

--- 帖子 #935 ---
So exit 2 will be not tested next week...letz look to other trading possibilities:

exit 1 left, exit 3 right:

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Wow...exit 1 is money maschine on Bitcoin.....

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Gold is equal....

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Exit 3 rulez the Small and poors....:-)

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Also DJ likes the exit 3 more....same as DE30

--- 帖子 #940 ---
I hope this gives you a feeling for the exits....

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Pretty thorough job there, mate, thanks. Hoping it wouldn't be too much to ask, would it be possible to ask for a similar test on M5? Just curious if the exits keep up compared to M15. No need to go through all those pairs: as far as I'm concerned EU, GU, GJ, GA, Gold and DE30 would be my favourites. No obligation, of course. Thanks very much in advance if you can do it.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
No...simply interested in M15-H4...but if U r interested to do the dirty work U can run this EA on ur vps with exit1 and exit3.....

--- 帖子 #943 ---
hello Do you still code I need an alert and push notification added to a mt4 indicator please. thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Ok, my mistake, sorry: I thought you had some kind of tester plus EA. I have searched for this EA but I couldn't find it although only now I noticed that hundsbua is one of the posters on this thread. I wouldn't know where to start anyway to do that kind of test. LOL

But I will keep an eye on Exit 3 as so far I have only used it for closing trades that would change direction before profit and I have kind of discarded it for profitable trades reaching the opposite OB/OS level. At a quick glance back it might seem to give more profit (still speaking 5m here), assuming when trading live one has the guts to hold on some pullbacks or ignore S/R and levels...

--- 帖子 #945 ---
I am a big fan of the Dax!

Could you confirm the average trade win of 1365 is to 5 decimal points?

For example, you mean 136.5 pts per trade?

--- 帖子 #946 ---
hi retina

just for clarification

Signal for Long is just that all 3 timeframes are 50 or higher? same for short ...below 50 ??

you do not consider if the trend in MTF 1h / 4h is UP for long ?

Bets hundsbua

--- 帖子 #947 ---
yes!

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Well...I am coming back to this strategy this week. I am going to hang out on the 5 minute charts and see how she goes - I have nothing better to do these days. I think there is a lot of merit to this strategy based on the results people were showing on the thread and I was getting good results, too, but then I got sidetracked as per usual and started tinkering with the system and I got waaaaaay off on a bad tangent - lost 60% of my account last week.

A huge problem I have is that I am largely unemployed at the moment (no work coming my way as an independent contractor) and I am bored out of my mind so I read FF and start looking at other systems and start tinkering and jumping around :-( I really need to stop that and just focus on one system and leave the damned forums alone! Boredom just kills me :-(

Are any of the original guys on the thread still trading this method?

--- 帖子 #949 ---
I have finished my demo-trading on H4/D1, my opinion is that this system is not so good for higher TF. But also it works great for 5m/15m during London and NY sessions.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Off to a slow morning. NY session opens in 20 min so maybe things will pick up. Possible trade setting up on GU though.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Awesome start to the morning. The MTF stoch just crossed the 50 @ 14:45 and I took the trade 3 bars later when that segment of the MTF closed. We were coming down from the R1 daily pivot so I thought we had a good chance. Price reversed and I held on until the MTF stoch finished in the opposite direction. I was hoping the R1 would hold but alas it didn't. Down 13.9 pips for the day so far.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Trade 2 for the day. Stopped out at break even +. I took the trade early when the CTF and MTF where aggressively heading down past the 50 @ 16:15. Once I was 10 pips in profit I moved to B/E + 1.8. I always struggle with the idea of moving stop to BE too soon as it may kill a profitable trade early. If the CTF heads back in the same direction as the MTF it would qualify for a late entry trade.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Trade on GJ. MTF stochs started to cross up and out of the 20 zone so I closed the trade for +3.7 pips. I hope it isn't just a retracement :-(

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Well. I am done for the day. Got my ass handed to me this morning. Not a great start to the week :-(

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hello mate. I hope you don't mind if I comment. The GU short was taken just before NY open: I personally don't trade just before that time, and wait even longer if there are news at 13:30 GMT (9:30 EST), but if I was in the short, I would have probably closed and reversed at 13:20 i.e. a couple of bars before your exit, wary though that the long could have turned either in a scalp or a b/e as the price had already been rejected once off the resistance from last Friday. It moved about 12 pips from entry and then reversed, so no damage should have been had. Then the short at 14.15: as you said, 10 pips imho is not enough on GU to move stop to b/e, and even so, why set the stop to 1.8 pips? Unless you have that kind of spread on GU which sounds a bit much to me, I wouldn't go over 1 pip as that would be enough for commission and I don't think the retracement would have taken it out. That trade saw over 30 pips at London close and there was also a re-entry at 15:20 which saw 28 pips.

GJ trade: one might have considered to close at LC as there was what looks like some strong support rejected twice over London morning, the MTF seemed to be flattening, so probably enough reasons to take the money and run, especially to recover the previous loss. Of course 3.7 pips is still better that a poke in the eye with a stick, but, as we had the chance to point out in private, management is much more important than entries in our trading, and only an emotionless mind can deal with the mistakes always waiting behind the corner.

That said, I've been speaking pure hindsight, of course, as I could have done even worse than you given the chance, but I think even after the fact it's still useful to review what happens. At least it is for me.

Anyway keep it going, my friend, and don't play revenge. Trade as small lots as possible for now, until you feel the power again.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
I'm a millionaire with hindsight :-)

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Aye, me too

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Hey Spoof, try what I mentioned in the PM, the M30/H1 MTF stoch combination would most certainly have kept you out of the GU losing trade and as the GJ HTF stochs were 50/50 at best you'd have probably have taken the 10 which is at least half your daily bag.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Hi bobby2,

my CTF is M30, I want to show 4h stoch indicator, how do?

I have try it as you said, but not work, I set the "Next Higher Auto" to False, what input should be in " time frame " ?

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Unfortunately Bobby no longer participates in this thread. The answer to your question is 240.

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Hi mistakesr, thanks for answer!

I have put 240, but it cannot show the Stochastic indicator chart correctly, it is different with the Stochastic in 4h chart, even they have same input, where wrong?

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Post a screenshot of the settings and a chart with it on.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
ok now, need to zoom out the chart

--- 帖子 #964 ---
First trade of the day +11.6. Got taken out by trailing stop just as stochs were turning anyway.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Trade on GA. MTF stoch was under 50 at the 18:00 mark and down from the daily pivot so I entered when the CTF stoch lined up with the MTF. I manually closed when the trade got to a support area around 1.76215. That was 11.2 pips in the bag. About +23 for the day. Hopefully another successful day tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Trade on the GA. I jumped the gun a bit on this one but since the MTF stoch was crossing the 50 and price was coming off the mid level pivot support I entered and took 30 pips at the S1 level above. Just one trade for the day I think. I am starting to notice that the pivot points are very important to the success of this system. Many failed trades are taken at the pivot points. Care must be taken to not trade into a pivot point even if the stochs are giving a signal as often the price bounces back against you.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Spoof, are you using daily or weekly pivots?

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Daily pivots.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Hi guys,

In the past I've refrained from posting the variances I use with this system out of respect but as this thread is just about dead anyway I thought I'd post it up here as it may help someone.  If this post offends anyone please let me know and I'll delete it.

I use weekly fib pivots for S&R levels which seem to work as well as anything else and are very close to drawing your own levels on D1 more than often, not surprising really as fib pivots are based on price.

Probably the main difference is although I trade M5 I take a great deal of notice of what the M30 stoch is doing, if its above 50 I won't trade short and if it's below I wont go long.  If you can catch the M30 stoch crossing the 50 in either direction there's a good chance you're in for a good ride and way more than the normal 5-15 pips per trade.  I still stick to the M5 rules with the MTF M15 stoch crossing the 50 but I always check to see what the M30 is doing plus S&R levels.  I only trade 4 pairs and as I'm in Australia they are all Asian pairs, AJ, AU, NU and AN.  I use 2 screens, one to take trades on M5 and the other has all 4 pairs fixed to M30 which I continually monitor.

I also use 3 MA's, the 10, 20 and 50 EMA's but they have no bearing on entries, I use the 10 and 20 as a zone for pullbacks and re-entry trades but if I can find one of my pairs with all 3 MA's aligned and widening then I know we're in for a bit of a ride.  If price closes over the 50 then it's time to pull the plug.

MM is a very personal thing but until recently I traded a straight 2% of my account however a trading mate of mine in NZ who's a swing trader has convinced me that splitting the 2% in to two separate trades is the way to go and although it's a work in progress he's probably right.  At 1%-1.5% (10-15 pips) I take the first half off the table and bring the SL to BE on the other half and let it run.  You'll get stopped out quite often at BE on the 2nd half but if the M30 stoch and PA are looking good, even during the Asian session, you can expect anything between 20 and 50 pips on the 2nd half.  For those that trade the London session and more volatile pairs some of those runs could be 80-100 pips.

If you look at the two charts I've posted you'll notice a red vertical line on each of them, they are just an example of using the M30 stoch in conjunction with the M5 rules.  Hope this helps someone and doesn't confuse too much.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #970 ---
what are the green arrows showing on the chart ?

--- 帖子 #971 ---
I forgot to take them off sorry.  They are a very simple MA cross over indi that we had upgraded by our coder to include other features.  My swing trading mate still uses them for entries and he sometimes asks me for opinions on different H4 setups so that's why they're on there.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
That sounds like a sensible and interesting approach, without affecting the main guidelines of the OP. I won't be able to trade live until the new year, but I will keep an eye on your idea. Do you mind posting your fib indi as the one I have does not plot the past weeks while yours seems to do it? Thank you.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Sure, here it is.

Attached File(s)   Pivot_Voty-2 ALERT.ex4

71 KB
|
441 downloads

--- 帖子 #974 ---
To follow up mistakesr's idea, maybe a suggestion for those who don't have a double screen or want to save screen space: to load a second MTF stoch with fixed TF (the dashed line shows a 30M MTF stoch).

--- 帖子 #975 ---
The problem I found with putting the 30 minute stoch on the 5 minute chart is that the 30 minute is never above the 50 when the 15 minute is crossing and vice versa for a short.

--- 帖子 #976 ---
I suppose the idea is to look at its direction not at the cross...

P.S. - How did you get on yesterday? I hope it was good although last Friday and last day of the month. There surely were good chances, just by glancing back at a few charts, but I know how hard it is to witness them live...

EDIT:

@TheSpoof

Actually you're right. I didn't read mistakesr's post carefully and he does require the 30m to be above 50 for longs and vice versa, which rarely happens although it does happen sometimes. That sounds very very strict...

--- 帖子 #977 ---
I didn't trade yesterday - was too lazy  Ya...that method seems very strict...not sure how many trade opportunities are going to come up. On a side note, I have noticed while using this method that when the CTF stochs are in the extreme areas 10 & 90 and at a daily pivot S/R area the chance of a nice reversal to the next S/R area is quite high or at the very least a good quick 5 -15 pips to be had (depending on the pair). I am starting to also notice that getting in at the cross of the 50 of the MTF stoch seems to often miss most of the move and the chance of the move ending soon is quite high. That is not to say that the MTF crossing the 50 for entrance does not yield good trades it's just that I am observing that there are a lot of missed good trades and pips to be had using the CTF stochs at the extreme 10/90 and at a daily pivot S/R. Throw in a bit of candle stick analysis at the S/R for extra confirmation and boom! I guess this is a topic for another thread

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Not quite sure how you work that out mate, I've even found situations when they are crossing together but that's not the point, it's all about not trading against the HTF stoch, it's a recipe for either losing trades or a very small pip count.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
I agree about not trading against the higher time frame but when I put the 30 min stoch on a 5 minute chart the 30 min is pretty much never above the 50 when the 15 minute is crossing - from my observations anyway.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Well, if you go back to one of the early pages, bobby did mention the possibility to enter before the MTF cross by following the CTF cross, as long as the MTF is in agreement. Coming from an extreme might add up to the strength as also considering rejection from pivots (although about the latter I still reserve my judgement as I've never been a big supporter of pivots, but always open to new avenues...). I'd rather give more weight to S/R. Anyway I just managed to find the relevant post by bobby https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...5#post11218975

Some food for thoughts...

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Ya...good post. I've entered early on the CTF cross before and took pips. I dunno. Screw this trading stuff. I'm just going to win the lottery  Not sure why you don't like the pivot S/R. Man, I see them being respected so often its ridiculous.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Yeah I like em too Spoof but being honest the reason I started using them was through laziness.  I always used to draw my own S&R levels on H4 to trade M5 but after taking a look at the weekly fib pivots they lined up so close to my own levels I thought why bother.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Same here. Even though there are levels that can be drawn all over the place based on various reasons (round numbers, monthly reversal areas, etc) we can't catch them all. I think the pivots are just as good as any other S/R and they are objective which helps with consistency.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
You might as well be right about pivots, guys. I caught this short (demo unfortunately) and exited when price was hesitating on what was a clear support area, but the pivot is also there... At the moment I'm typing, pressure is still on the short side: will it go through? I think I have mimicked what I would have done live anyway, although maybe wiser to split the gain at this point. I don't like splitting stakes though, as it takes double target on 2nd half to get the same gain. Especially over these uncertain times, I'd rather grab my pips and run.

EDIT: And of course, price has just moved deeper down, no pivots or support have managed to hold it... And if I can add a further thought, ignoring one of the original rules has cost pips. Guess which one? The MTF has never changed direction yet...

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Ya! I just got to my desk and saw that move! Sometimes I really hate living in Mexico where I just can't wake up early enough :-( I don't like the notion of splitting a position either. From any back testing I've done it is always more profitable to have the whole position go to your TP. So...where does price on GU go from here? i am thinking a bounce back up off the weekly S1. If the CTF stoch gets down in the 15 area I will take a long - of course that is not the strategy here. I think I am going to ditch the MTF stoch strategy in favour of catching the moves earlier based on the pivots and riding through the MTF crossing the 50.

On your chart this would have been a great trade. Stochs were way up and then the price came down under the pivot. I would have placed a pending sell at the yellow line or you could have entered right away on the break of the pivot line. You can see how you would have gotten in way earlier and then rode the price down as the MTF crossed the 50. You can see if we had entered based on the MTF crossing the 50 the move had pretty much petered out unless you got in when the CTF was crossing the 50 which is what I am finding happens too often for my liking. Why not attempt to catch the move much earlier? The MTF crossing has to start somewhere so why not catch the move there? I observe that often those moves start at a pivot point (or other S/R) with the CTF way in the 15/85 areas. Simply observe the price action at these areas with the CTF stochs in the extremes and I think you have a good chance at riding a winner

Price simply moves up and down and it moves up and down from various consistent and semi-predictable areas so why not use those areas to trade from? Makes sense to me. I have observed often that failures of this system happen when trading into the pivots so it makes sense to me to trade from those pivots. I dunno - way off the thread topic here

--- 帖子 #986 ---
EURAUD: Everything was in agreement. Stop is at b/e and I will keep a close eye if/when the price approaches the res level below the pivot. That's also the high of the day.

UPDATE 9:52 GMT: Closed at 16 pips. Reason was price failed to make a new bar high and I am wary of the cluster of congestion on the left. Might be wrong but being the 1st trade I will just take my pips. Although demo, I have to deal as if it was live.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
I realise these split trades are not for everyone and to be honest the jury is still out for me until the New Year but this is an example of where it's worked very well.  These two trades are just under 4.5% but for me, the most important difference using MM this way is my head.  Once that first trade gets to 1 RR and I bring the SL of the 2nd trade to BE +1 I really don't give a fat rats ass what happens, zero pressure, zero stress and I can just let it go.  The main issue I face trading this way during the Asian session is there are a lot of 5-8 pip trades and when they happen this doesn't work real well at all and you need rules to combat that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Green beans.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
how did u calculate your profit targets ie levels was it using the fibs?

--- 帖子 #989 ---
The first target was R61, the rest dictated by the little R:R script I have.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Family matters always come first but what a session to have off   Shoulda, coulda, woulda!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Re-entry trade, 10-15 minutes late but still got 35 pips or 3.5% towards the end of the Asian session yesterday.  Currently long AN hoping for a reversal or at least a pull back.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Couldn't trade the Asian session today but caught this one half hour in to Franky. 3% or 30.5 pips between the two entries, got out because of tiredness, nothing else.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Hi,cannot you just ban all those morons and keep good thing running?

--- 帖子 #994 ---
greetings to all FF users, i am new to FF so I cannot post new thread yet. thus I am posting my question related to MTF in MT4 here. I have an USD index indicator which was downloaded from MQL community website. I used it in my EA, however when I backtest the indicator for whatever reason shifted x bars when I did not input any shifting parameter, however, when I put the EA in live environment the calculation seems right. I always know MT4 cannot do multi-currency trading. but from a lot of articles no one mentioned it cannot read data from multi-currency charts. could anyone explain some idea why I am getting such shift in backtest environment? THX!

--- 帖子 #995 ---
to be more specific

the indicator is from https://www.mql5.com/en/articles/2660 the USDX file I attached the one I used here. and my testing EA is attached. the plot is just somehow shifted and the ATR indicator or any other indicator I tried have o such issue. THX!

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Hi mistakesr,

do you know how to get 6h, 8h and 12h mtf stochastic indicator?

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Sorry, I don't.  You'd have to get it coded.

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Good luck trading 2019 and take care!

--- 帖子 #999 ---
For Next Higher Timeframe without the bar lag try a Stochastic setting on the current timeframe of 40,10,10. Close enough for me.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
If you are doing well with the 40,10,10 - it's ok. But remember, if known

of the former GMS thread ref stochs, it's mostly a good sign, if the stoch

comes from above 80 / below 20 with the 'mouth wide open'.

josch

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Sell USD/CAD at GMS signal 7.1+

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Buy USD/CAD at GMS signal, but too long resistance above YL 1.4+

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Sell AUD/USD at GMS signal, cover at full hour 6.0+

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Buy GBP/USD at GMS signal, fast 6.1+ by USD weakness

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Buy NZD/USD at GMS signal, being not impressed by weak USD, cover almost B/E 0.5+

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Buy CAD/CHF at GMS signal, covered at full hour and close below of 10MA 2.9-

Wasn't a HPT (high probability trade) because executed at daily R1.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Not a trade, nonetheless 5/15 stochs looking ok, because daily R1 and YH above,

higher stochs H1/H4 pointing down, means predominant downtrend.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Trades of today ...

EUR/JPY 3 pips entry too late.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Trades of today, friday, nonetheless not a typical day.

USD/JPY bounced > BE (0.5+)

EUR/GBP small target YH > 4.1+

Have a nice weekend!

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
EUR/GBP - finally not the YH, but daily S1 acted as support ... so far.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
EUR/GBP - and after the fact you know it best

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
I am having huge performance issues with the MTF Stochastics on MT4.

Decided to revert back to my own set-up. I trade pullbacks using Stochastics.

This is a neat method, although I trade it slightly differently.

I am abandoning the MTF indicator until I can write my own version.

Meanwhile, wish those MTF traders the best of luck with this.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Incomprehensible - the chart setup of bobby2 is very small, using only one single indicator not out of the MT4 box, the MTF Stochastic. Using the former version or the recent with an integrated alert (which was not helpful for my trading) - all of those charts causing no problems here. For some testing purpose I put 12 charts on my double-screen, no performance issues. You are trading currencies? Did you try to verify this problem?

Regards

josch

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
I abandoned it as well. I just couldn't seem to catch any decent trades that would make up for the losses+commission and quite frankly don't enjoy sitting in front of the computer all day waiting for a set up. I dunno, I have always felt the crossing of the 50 of the higher time frame was getting in way too late

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Tried all kinds of tests.

Compared to performance of another MT4 broker as well.

Performance only normalises after I remove the MTF indicator, log out, and log back into MT4 as a fresh session.

Cant find anything in the code that may slow it down.

I do use it on the H4 though. But that shouldnt be it.

My current screens have 2 indicators each across 5 charts, all running smoothly.

If I add on MTF to each chart, the charts become progressively slower.

Honestly cant work out why. My own conclusion is the MTF.

I even re-downloaded the original MTF and ran it without the alert that I added, in case my mod was the cause.

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
I didnt like the 50-cross either.

Better mode would be to wait for the second/slower line to hook below the 80 or above the 20 as a confirmation of change of direction.

Didnt want to take thread off course when it was active, so didnt mention it.

Ultimately, you still have to apply eyeball and judgement to take a trade, rather than robotically.

I prefer to notice where the highs/lows of previous 3 days as well.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Obiwandax,

sorry to hear that, but as you described the problem, I'm not able to give any hint.

Regards

josch

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
TheSpoof,

the earlier source was GMS (Genesis), but those charts really had a lot of indicators and

the MTF-Stochastic was a massive downsizing of indicators.

It's not the signal/trigger exactly as bobby2 described this stochastic-based method,

but still using often the GMTS-Dash and GMS-Matrix for entry. Nonetheless executing at 50

cross is ok. You're right mentioning, that -being disciplined- you'll have a lot of screen-time.

Good luck

josch

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
If you like trading with the stoch but don't like scalping try M30 with an H1 MTF but you need to take far more care with price action and S&R levels. I use weekly pivots and trade off those.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Bought NZD/USD 6+ / Cover near HOD

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Reverse - sold NZD/USD 5.9+ / cover at PA hesitation

(mentioning 'seeing' a M5 hesitation often very subjective).

Looks like all are happy with some pips and no questions.

Rinse and repeat and good luck

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
This is a problem:

Why on backtest i see in perfect time the MFT & CTF but on live MTF is shifter 2/3 bars? (H1 charts)

Thanks you

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Simple, the MTF always completes, if TF is completed.

Your chart shows no TF, but if you -for example- have a CTF M5 chart and

a MTF H1, you'll see 55 min moving H1 stochastic until it completes the hour.

josch

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
You right but the images I shared are same (H1). I think that live charts have no complete H4 bars because of the end of friday. Instead of backtesting that surely have data. I notice that bc if iIl backtest yesteryes (8 February 2019) I have the same ewsult as live chart. Could be correct?

Anyway, this trading style, especially H1 TF, is the best for me, I had great wins in last week's.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Way to go!

josch

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Backtesting isn't truly realistic.

For example, on 1HR:

In LIVE, the hourly hasn't completed, so nobody knows what the MTF should be.

Therefore MTF holds back showing any lines until the hour has ended.

In BackTest, the system already knows what happened at the end of the hour,  and is merely "obscuring" from your vision what the MTF already knows.

Therefore, it is not a true test. It is unveiling for you in backtest an already known completed value for the end of the hour.

So, it can display at 15mins, 30mins, 45 mins, etc, a value it already knows that happened at end of an hour.

You obviously cant do this in LIVE, as the hour hasn't completed.

Same for all other Higher TFs for the MTF.

Hope that makes sense.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
We are all millionaires looking at historical charts. I can pick out winning trades all day long looking at the past, printed data...on a live chart, however, no one can predict what will happen with any degree of consistent accuracy. It's really simply about attempting to put the odds on your side with figuring out what is more likely to happen given the current conditions and with an indicator like the MTF stoch that doesn't finish printing until the higher time frame finishes you have no idea what is going to happen even though historical charts look amazing. Like you said, live we have no idea until the higher time frame finishes. So many times the higher time frame was pointing in my direction and then boom! a few minutes to the close of the higher time frame it changes directions. Past charts don't show that action happening.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Take this step a level up: Even if you are trading live and you got your MTF H1 completed,

you don't know, if price next minutes is going your way or against you. This IS trading using

your knowledge, efforts, patience and trade-management to get an additional edge by the

pic of unfolding prices based on some indicators. Probability, best "HPT" (High Probability Trade),

but never an infallible one.

josch

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Thanks guys, I understand what you mean.

In any case, it is exactly for this reason that I wait for the current candle to close before entering the market.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Hi guys, been silently following this thread since the begining. Is any one there from Mexico? Will like to get together for a coffee and share some trading experiences.

Have a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Thank you bobby! Nice indicator! I use for my own strategy it really helps

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
The screenshot shows the setup forming clearer on the higher TFs. Very concise.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
I have a similar system that uses MTF stoch's, however, I use 3 to simultaneously to; a) confirm momentum, b) alert of a pull-back, c) confirm continuation. Works great in trending markets and does a good job of keeping you out of ranges (a).

Once my profile is not junior I may share it in a thread.

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Hi jxp,

Could you share your system please ?

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Hope you don't mind me resurrecting this thread.

Have been having colossal performance issues with the MTF indicator.

It's not my laptop, as its less than 2rys old, has 8GB RAM, and I have 50Mbps internet, etc.

Have decided to remove the indicator entirely, and performance has normalised. Now just have broker delay and slippage to contend with.

Hope others have benefited from MTF, but I am abandoning the indicator.

This is not a reflection on the principle, which I consider a robust method.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
hello

can anyone make this indicator to mtf ?

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Hello guys,

who got the mtf stochastic for Mt5?

I am trading with mtf stochastic, but no the indicator for mt5

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Try this one:

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Greetings dear traders ! I have a few suggestions to modify this MTF stochastic indicator to perform at its full potential (based on the screenshot below), the request is as follow :

1. Show green arrow when stoch D crosses above K & vice versa show red arrow when stoch D crosses BELOW k

2. Show the text at the side BUY TRADE (in lime color when green arrow appears ) , Show the text at the side SELL TRADE (in RED color when red arrow appears )

Thanks a lot in advance if any proficient coders can do this slight modifications to make my trading life a bit easier !  ( THIS WILL MAKE a quick glance on different pairs setup a lot easier and faster) !

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
I copied your post in the thread "I will code your EA for no charge" maybe some coder will do it.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Thanks ! I already posted twice in the thread seems like no coder working at the modifications atm , anyhow will wait till someone is willing to modify the indicator , it'll be very useful if someone does it hhehe

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
This reminds me of what I used to do. A really nice setup of momentum yall have hear 11,3,3. Niiice. Good luck to all.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Masha'Allah... great page. i have crossed.. i am already stochastic fan. now i become more than fan... thank you so much bobby2..

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
viewing that the indicators gives problems to many, here is a calculator that let you configure many stochs to diy a mtf stoch just by overlaping many simple stochs you need.

For example, if you want the 14 3 3 h1 stoch in the m5,with the calculator you get that the parameters to see the h1 stoch at the m5 one are 168 36 36.

This is how it looks, notice that you can even set this in the movile phone app, that's how simple it is. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here it is:
Attached File(s)   PARAMETER CONVERTER V1.0-deforexcodex.xls

14 KB
|
168 downloads

Credit to user ghbdr as I get it from him, worth to check his posts as he uses mtf stoch too with massive sucess.

Hope it helps, have a nice weekend all


===== 附件下载链接 =====

MTF Stochastics trading.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2994209?d=1537021886
MTF Stochastic Trading Original Rules.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2994210?d=1537021907
MTF Stochastics trading.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2846172?d=1528717348
MTF Stochastic IFR Practice Chart.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2851089?d=1528953985
DASHBOARD-STO-50-level.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2855946?d=1529296741
DASHBOARD-STO.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2858021?d=1529396691
DASHBOARD-STOC.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2860077?d=1529492987
CalendarFX-I-A13.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2867798?d=1529964574
CalendarFX-I-A13.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2867797?d=1529964574
Auto SL and TS.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2875273?d=1530280582
RoNz_Auto_SL-TS-TP.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2875274?d=1530280803
RoNz_Auto_SL-TS-TP.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2875276?d=1530280811
#MTF Stochastic v2.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2883755?d=1530827012
MTF Stochastics trading.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2883879?d=1530838088
Market_Open_Lines c.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2898626?d=1531818927
market price.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2899335?d=1531845074
MatrixScanner_v1.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2902713?d=1532000913
Symbol changer 1.1 separate.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2905119?d=1532101897
MTF STOCHASTIC NO LEVELS TEMPLATE.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2917621?d=1532815267
#MTF Stochastic v2.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2934394?d=1533765963
15 a day.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2947797?d=1534479274
Symbol changer 1.1 separate.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2949831?d=1534620500
#MTF Stochastic v2.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2958389?d=1535044657
MTF Stochastic Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2959139?d=1535087870
stochastic-signals-mtf.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2961136?d=1535218266
stochastic-signals-mtf.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2961203?d=1535225146
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2966709
MTF Stochastic Alert v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2967234?d=1535556215
MTF STOCHASTICS TRADING.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2971626?d=1535755928
PositionSizeCalculator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3008162?d=1537831311
PositionSizeCalculator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3008163?d=1537831316
Davit's Philosophy (1).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3015925?d=1538175249
MTF DashBoard v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3074121?d=1541451738
#MTF Stochastic v2.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3074757?d=1541494982
MTF Stochastic Alert v3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3076757?d=1541585210
Pivot_Voty-2 ALERT.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3114334?d=1543657948
USDX_divergence_test.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3134527?d=1545119687
usdx_shift.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3134530?d=1545119788
Stoch Candles_Don.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3623532?d=1588489823
stochastic_mtf.mq5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3734058?d=1599377330
#MTF Stochastic v2.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3758032?d=1601972659
PARAMETER CONVERTER V1.0-deforexcodex.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4699877?d=1713625312
