===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
***************************************** UPDATE IN RED BELOW ORIGINAL POST******************************************
THIS THREAD IS NOW CLOSED AND IT WILL CONTINUE IN THE FOLLOWING LOCATION

..................................HERE..................................
Reason being that the thread has been through a lot this year of all sorts of everything that was tested and used any many people have come and gone and left there mark both good bad.
I feel I own it to myself and the other traders who want learn from this thread and the traders that like to post here to make it a little bit more users friendly and better laid out.After all we want to be posting our idea and trades for a long time coming and we need some ground rules and structure and this tread is far from it.
​I will move all the important things from this thread to the other thread.
Both this thread is controlled by the "High Impact" restriction to keep it clean.If you want to post please send me a pm and I will put you on my "buddies" list and you will be able to post bearing in mind that you follow the rules outlined
...............Please don't post in this thread again..............

* UPDATE IN RED BELOW ORIGINAL POST

Hi

This thread will focus on using the MTF(Multiple Time Frame) Stochastic.

This thread draws its inspiration from the Genesis Matrix System (http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796 )

Thanks to RJ and the others for letting us start this Thread where we will focus on all variations of their 1 min System.

Please feel free to post all relevant 1 min charts here that you wish to share.Together with any description that you might feel useful in explaining why did what you did.

This not the place to have long winded debates and arguments about who's system or settings are better than the other.EACH TO THEIR OWN

I really hope we all can share what we use here and I for one am looking forward to share my trades as well as learning from others and improving myself.

Good luck and Good Trading

Rooi

Please remember that this is a 1min thread and that you can find the basics of the systems discussed here in the Genesis Matrix System thread.

10 / 09 / 2014

So after a lot of work on this system and myself in the last 9 months it only vaguely resembles the original version posted here in the beginning

This method has moved closer to the the Genesis method using everything like the original setup excluding the Stochastic. Proving that modeling something that is already working is much better than building a new.

The newest version is available on post  ( http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...91#post7749891 )

For the first 133 pages please focus on Strada's views and trades as I trade very very similar to him now and that has always been the/my overall goal.
From page 133 I read the system much like he does.At least I hope

No need to read through everything.If you are really interested then please download everything you need from the Genesis Thread and ask if you need anything specific that is not yet provided in the thread that you might see me or someone else using here.

I WILL UPDATE HERE WHEN I STOP

TRADING THIS SYSTEM
So unless stated I am trading this system everyday

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Trades

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Nice GU entry with some analysis

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Nice one Rooi...I wish you success with your thread. I'll drop by from time to time and show some trades. I especially like to scale in trades on the M1 TF, but today isn't the day for that!

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Thanks RJ. Looking forward to your trades

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Sorry for asking !!!! What is the green dotted line in the chart ?

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Hi guilherme

No problem

The green dotted line is the 50 Simple Moving Average

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Unfortunately I dont have the rights to write in the great Genesis thread to wonder there, but I wonder why is everyone still using the misleading form of MTF stoch in their charts examples as verifications why their take the trade... we already got great MTF stoch which shows the right values thanks to the Xaphod http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=381999 so why dont use it?

Many M1 trades backtest exaples posted by Jimi in Genesis thread are simply invalid, so it would be great to not to repeat the same mistake here

Take a look on your last chart example:

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Hi

Thanks for sharing your views and information.Please feel free to post any relevant information that you have found useful when trading the 1min MTF Stoch.

Lets try and refrain from being negative about RJ,The Genesis thread or anyone posting valuable information as this is simply not what the thread is about.

Hope to see some of your chart and trades that can help the process for all who want to trade a variation of the Gen system.

I for one favor forward testing and live trades taken.Backtesting has limited use when working on a actual trade system or philosophy

Rooi

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Hi Rooi so sorry I tilted the boat over back there.

Nothing personal about RJ, he just failed to reply a PM that's what spiraled into that. I do visit the GMS thread now and then, think I'd read post #1 again.

Recall I asked if I could post my charts?, I try not to break ranks.

I was not trying to say I have a better system, trading is very very personal.

Looking forward to learning from you and others who would post.

Peace "Madiba  Style"

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Hi mate.

Yes sure.Post charts.Share analysis,experience and any useful information.

Looking forward to learning from you too

Rooi

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Hello Colombino,

I see the difference in the 2 Stochs you used on your chart as example, I see that the first one crossed earlier, closer to the reversal at the extremes.

s which do you favour?, obviously the first one I guess can you clarify which one is being erroneously being used and which you prefer? Peharps you could post that one here?

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Morning All

Rooi I see you don't use the ASC trend 2TF for your M1 trading, may I kindly ask what is your theory in leaving it out.

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Hi anthm

To me personally the Stoch 15 is the most important of the all the tools.

Bearing in mind that I only normally trade with clean charts with one Moving Average all these indicators are plenty if not too many already.

I will post examples later as im pretty busy till Jan 2014 being holiday time and all

Look forward to seeing some of your chart and learning from you

ROOI

--- 帖子 #15 ---
+14.5pips for this morning after taking a nice -21 (-7 X 3) on the GU as my first trade.

Have family here so not trading the whole day.Just trading the opens for now.Will spend a lot more time in front of the screens from next year.

Looks like I left some on the table and there was a lot more to get on the EJ and GU. Like I said I have to run out.

Hope you guys had a good morning

Rooi

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Morning Rooi, I did 2 trades on EU, not my favourite pair but the only one I monitor that was doing anything before Fr open. Anyway small profit for day and will leave it at that for now.

Wish you well with your thread, can see it will benefit many in various ways.

Regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Hi Rooi,

You where saying your most important indi is the M15 Stoch I am unsure why you took the short UJ on chart one and the short GU on chart 2 both it seems the M15 stoch was crossed towards up direction??

Kind Regards

Edit, please excuse me, maybe I am reading it wrong, does red arrow represent entry then dotted red extend to exits?

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Hi Anthm

The first trade on the GU does not fit 100% with stoch your right.We do have to remember that the Stock only prints its actaul posistion every 15min like I show whit the red lines.

The second GU trades fit much better whit the rules and stoch

The UJ trade went sideways right after entry and made the green line wander on the top side of the red.I was looking for the JPY to go down as they were both sitting at Supply on the 5min TF

All the trades except for the first GU trade never went above the recent highs so no need to panic about the small DD they entered.

They could have gone the other way for sure.

I am still in the "developing" part of my rules for this system and will be paying a great deal of attention  to how or what can be improved.I know you have traded your variation of the Gen system for a while so will be looking what I can learn from you.

I have only been trading this system for 4 trading days now.

Please let me know if there is anything you want to me explain a bit more

Kind Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Yip red lines run from entry to exit

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Ok, that's understood, actually I am trading Genesis M1 as per RJ,s PDF. My exits however are a little different I suspect more in line with your 3 exit approach that I think we both adopted from Strada. (which I think incidentally he is steering away from)There are however a few things that I have not got hard and fast rules for namely the more aggressive entry's and stoch positioning for them, also identifying recent trends which is a big part of Genesis and RJ I truly believe is onto something there. I have started to look more at the M30 stoch for this. The biggest problem I see with identifying the trend is that it is so discretionary.  Also I haven't hard and fast rules for exit when after entry the trade goes against entry direction. So hoping for a more refined rules set early in the new year. Like you I am busy until well into the new year so just taking as much in as I can until then.

Kind Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Hi strada

What do you look for when you decide which pair you will trade for the day.

Thanks for the kind words with the thread.Im sure we will derive some value from it over next couple of weeks/months

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Hi Rooi - whilst I am new to using MTF stochastics, I am far from new to trading on the 1m TF.....check out my old thread with Medici.

I recently added these and the G Matrix as they make it soooooo much easier to set up an objective set of trading rules - I've just posted mine in RJ's thread.

If we are to respect the wishes of the thread's starter, then we must abide by their rules and for that reason I had to stop posting in Sonic's excellent thread and also have to be "careful" when posting in RJ's thread that I don't accidently post one of my charts with other things that I am researching.

So, as a dedicated 1m thread I will be interested to see if "improvements" can be made to RJ's excellent 1m Pdf.....

I too monitor 4 contracts for trading in the European Session - EU, GU, EJ & GJ - and sometimes EA too.  My pre FO homework includes monitoring the over-night ranges via the attached indicator - I also track them hourly.  The readings at this morning's FO were:  EU 12p; GU 17P; EJ 58P & GJ 75P, so I was focused on GU and GJ.   This may help others select which contract to trade, so I've attached the indicator.  FYI, I also monitor the range of the European Session itself....

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Still awaiting High Impact news, had 2 loosing trades in a row but still I rise.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Do you trade the news or trade 1 minute? Not sure what you are trying to contribute to the thread with your post? You have left me guessing?

Please enlighten me if I am missing something.

Kind Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Hi Islander

Good to have a veteran of the 1min TF.There are some good 1min traders here like Strada,Anthm and RJ that will be contributing here.Some more often than others.

I myself have not had the success others have had with 1min TF but I feel confident that I have grown enough as a trader to be able to start to work on a 1min strategy.The Gen system combines higher time frame which I think will make it a bit easier for the normal man like me to get a grip on it.

Thanks for sharing the indicator and the info.Hope everyone can learn a great deal from good traders like yourself.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #26 ---
+7 for this with trade.

Looked like a very nice position to have a go at it lower.The stoch was well above the 80mark and we were in a decent position on higher time frames.

I will be testing and paying attention to the position of the the 15 stoch  as  a filter.

Will see how it all develops.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Glad you asked that was a hasty post back there came back and saw that the market had hit mt SL a second time.

You see with multi time framing you can view several time frames on just one chart and have a feel of what is going on in each.

The screenshot below shows 5 different time frames in the M1 chart.

During news, if your brokers servers are very efficient, you have decent internet speed, and your pc has a high processor speed (I'm gonna have to get me a core i9 soon), you can trade in one minute, I have caught some decent pips during news time, all it takes is to wait for the initial reaction to abate and look for a retracement into your equilibrium MA for me that's the M5 trend, when that is coupled with a divergence, then you can ride out the remaining of the news spike.

Sometimes the trend reverses completely but if it doesn't like 8/10 with GBPUSD you can trade it.

Too busy trying to tidy my desk on my day job so I can go on vacation I'd have caught that retracement.

Let me know if you need further clarification.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Missed the whole day done for the day.

The M5 trend was inspired by Rooi's 50SMA btw, a recent addition that's proving helpful.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
As we know, stochastics go OB / OS and can stay there for some time, during which time they are of less value.   Even moving up a TF as I have on this chart to the 4 hour does not help a lot.

I prefer to look at the PA around both levels and the known times.....this afternoon's rally started ~ the first NY Open, the US data at 13:30 cause that wide spike up.   Today, the open of the NYSE had no efffect - unlike the NY Cut at 10am EST / 15:00 GMT and the high was 7 minutes before price fell into the London Fix and we can expect further movement in the 16:30 - 17:00 gmt period....

--- 帖子 #30 ---
STILL I RISE

I thought I was thru until I realised GBP Unemployment figures were due so I waited, the spike was frightening 50 pips in one second , then the market showed it's hand where it intended to go, -in line with H4, H1,M15 and M5 pity the spreads and my internet speed kept me out, had I gained a precise clinical entry I'd have taken a second helping with the second swing of the M1 Stoch.

I could not predict how far price would go seeing we've had such a long run but set my target near the RN and 13/28 R/R that's 2 multiple, wonder if I'd gotten that precise entry?

Fight another day

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Hi Capt,

Thanks for the Salmon recipe posted earlier. I must try this. On a different tack, I am still trying to ease myself into the mindset of scalping. If only I can let the trades run! Oh well, something to work on bug any suggestions would be appreciated. As I look at options too I was wondering whether your screen depicts calendar events i.e. NY Close from an indicator or whether you draw these in manually? Thanks

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Good Morning Figgsey

Many may argue with me however in my personal opinion I don't consider Genesis 1 minute trading as scalping. The reason for trading on 1 minute charts is to be able to get into the market at a cheap SL and so as to capture as much of the move as possible. An entry that starts with a 1minute chart set up could go to be on the table for several hours.

Having said that I am not doubting that scalpers use 1 minute charts, but that's not the style of trading that Genesis is all about.

Just my thoughts and I would welcome comments.

Kind Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #33 ---
I totally agree, all the transactions are executed even these days in nano seconds, so if you can figure a way to consistently get in on the action early, you'd have had your fill before others in H1 or H4 join the train or you could scale out and ride the trend.

Some scalpers use the M15 some even H4, so M1 trading is not just merely scalping.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Nothing here for me this morning. FOMC stuffed up the ranges.GU dead as a door-nail .JPY's not agreeing with each other.On the HTF everything is in the middle of nowhere.

One trade on the EJ for TP1+5 and TP2&3 - (2X9) = -13

Should have closed the 2 tp for +5 as well when I look back at it now.But oh well.

Hope it went better for the rest of the guys.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Morning Rooi, I have a quick scan of the overnight action since London close yesterday and note any hi/lo's. If there's any continuing direction from yesterday I'll be aware of it. I don't as a rule pay too much heed to the asian activity because when London/europe comes in they will have their own agenda and will dictate procedure from then. One thing I do watch for is the price positioning that takes place in the asian session by the big banks/institutions, hedgies etc where they often position price according to their imminent option expiries. If they're large expiries and PA is close to strike then I won't expect price to move much from that barrier, unless there is relevant and surprise news.

All that considered I watch GU, EJ, EU, UJ, AU but the first 3 mainly. My personal preference is GU but I'll take the first signal I see and today EU & GU weren't showing much so took the EJ off the 6.45 signal and exited at -3 on one of its reversals. Since then not much has happened on EJ so sat on my hands for a while.

While writing this I've entered EU short off the 8.41 signal, I've closed half for +8 so now in profit +1 and letting the other half run on a BE sl. Nearly out there, will go now and watch this trade, speak later. Well, that's that then, did exit on BE.

strada.

Edit. Rooi, just seen your post. have you considered setting your SL on TP2&3 at BE once TP1 taken?

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Morning Strada

Thanks for the information.I will have a slow read through it again before the new year starts and will look for some examples and might ask you some questions about it again in the new year.

Yes I should have rolled the SL to BE because that just cost me the 5 pips that I had in the bank and then some.Was purely emotion based decision and will not make the same mistake again.Would you consider a re-entry if you were stopped out for tp2 at BE and then the move continued to make a new low after the re-trace

Good going on the EU trade.We have to really fight these consolidating markets for a couple of pips in the end of the year.Im sure next year will bring some decent movement again

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Hi Rooi, yes I do look at continuation trades and this is one area where I really like genesis (rather than bago). If you're taken out of a G1m trade after banking tp1 and possibly 2 then the original G signal will have broken down. So if the direction is going to continue, all you need to do is watch for the signal to re-establish itself and consider whether and how to use the next G1m signal. Depending on the setup it could then be a continuation trade or a new entry. For me, at present I'm using only one TP during december so any re-entry would normally be a new trade unless I reduce the stake size.

rgds, strada.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
I agree.In this example the signal changed but it would have worked well if it stayed intact and made a new low.So there is no need to worry about the BE stop out as you could just get back in to the trade.Will be paying attention to this happening in the future

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Hi Rooi, Just looking at your chart and I think your pivot settings may have to be checked. My DP is at 142.261 and on actionforex showing 142.27. It's only a few pips but you may have made an earlier entry which might have given you a bit more elbow room with the trade.

Has anyone else got pivot figures, please.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Thanks Strada

What time offset is your your mt4 set to.What is the time relative to London time.Also what pivot indicator are you using

--- 帖子 #41 ---
I'm using auto pivot plotter v2 and my charts are on london time with the offset at 22.00. That way the short sunday session is wrapped into monday. I'm sure that's what was recommended on the main thread and it's regarded as the norm mostly.

If you want the indie let me know and I'll beam it over to you.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
I will have a look at a different indicator that I can set the time off to synchronize the pivots.

Are you looking to take any further trades today?

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Hi Rooi, unlikely I'll do any more today, after all I have a profit, ha ha. I've just been doing my banking for the month/end of year, I normally only leave nominal amounts in my accounts over xmas, you just never know with these brokers, you think they're all sound but you can't be too sure. Once I've done that, I've got a fair amount ot do so will probably finish here.

Re pivots, RJ normally goes with those on actionforex so when you're setting your offset, have a quick check on their site and you'll know then if your pivot numbers are OK. Use their Daily set of pivots. Will send link on PM, not sure if it's right to post it here.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Hello Islander, I love your charts they give clear direction, no missing the entry signal with the alignment.

Please I'm interested in your volume indicators, do they really work on MT4?

I'm thinking if one can really identify volume from M1 it would give more sharpness to the edge, could you please post your Volume indies and a PDF guide or explanatory notes on using it (never been able to make sense out of the platform indicator)so I could research?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Please do, post it here, much appreciated.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Good evening. I try to follow Islander's method. This is my long on EJ (sorry for my English)

--- 帖子 #47 ---
This are the indicators.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Hi Anthm,

Thank you for yours thoughts, I am still investigating. One interesting observation from today is using Islander's 3 Dragons for shorter term entries than longer trends (M15) for a POC small hedge.  EURUSD has been swinging all over the place today!

Figgsey

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Well I messed it up this morning a bit.

I closed my  TP 2 and TP 3 at the same price on my GU short by mistake. FFS . That just shows my mind is not focused on the trading as it should be.

Ended on +12.1 for all three TP's together.

Was really a nice trade setup as it made a new low for the day without any hiccups.

Because of yesterdays lack of volatility I closed the 1 tp for 3.1pip and Tp2 and Tp3 for +4.5

Really only wanted to close the first two to eliminate some risk and see if we could get a runner on the TP3

Well guys that finishes off my trading for the year.

Wishing you all a great festive season filled with lots of joy.

I will be back here on the 02/01/2014 then we will see what we can do with this strategy.

Merry Xmas and New Year
Rooi

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Hi - I've got a bug and took the day off yesterday.

You can find the Pdf and indicators in the Genesis thread - just click on the #3,257 by the paperclip in the blue band on the top of each page to open the File Attachments.  The Pdf is ProfitTaking........posted by Mikk01 who saved my work as a Pdf....

Read some of my posts there and you will see how I use volume and WRBs.   Also I posted my trading rules a couple of days ago.....

--- 帖子 #51 ---
I just posted this trade there too - an easy entry and as the PA is "not reliable" in FH - I was happy to take 15 pips.....

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Morning Rooi, I'm in GU as well. I just missed the earlier signal, was still setting up. I closed half at +12 when price turned back towards S1, stoch5 recrossed and the signal started breaking up. Other half at BE SL and I might let it run out to that or will more likely close it if price breaks the recent high when it crossed above the S1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Thanks for posting those - looks like you had a couple of good trades too, so I am happy that you find my ideas useful - and profitable

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Well at least all 3 of us backed the willing pair for the FO open.

Nice going with trade Islander.Love you charts and analysis.

Strada good going with the runner.When I closed the third TP I just knew that you would be milking it all the way to the bottom.Hope it continues lower.Looking for some nice ones like that in the new year.

Thanks to both of you for contributing

Rooi

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Cheers Rooi, closed the other half for +5, considered going long but the signal presented below S1 and price now above S1 but don't like entering trades so late after a signal.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
This chart is what I prefer to use - candlesticks and William Bauer's Tick Volume Index - so not another rehash of PA, but an analysys of the volume, tick by tick.  Its main use for me is divergence and as you can see, the second push down had TVI higher - so +ve divergence and coupled with the red high volume in that red hammer that was the low tells me to bank......OK, I was already out, but that's because I'm an early banker in Frankies Hour.....

--- 帖子 #57 ---
This allows you to change from candlesticks to HA candles more easily - "true or false"

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Thanks Islander, think we can all benefit from your ideas on exits, I'm going to have a closer look at your charts. Will I find your indies and some info on your other thread?

--- 帖子 #59 ---
My older posts with Medici were testing many ideas including range bars and tick charts.  The last couple of pages were with my Three Dragons system that I developed in Sonic's thread and the more recent posts have the Geneis input which allowed me to work up my objective set of trading rules and I used it for answering queries, so a number of repeated posts....

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Thanks mate

Keep catching some more of those pips and you'd soon be hiring a British English Professor as your English coach

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Thanks, will get onto it.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Thanks will take my time to go thru them.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
One quick question Islander (I'll try to find your posts with the rules in the Genesis thread later) is the heavy gold MA in your charts EMA 180?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #64 ---
That would depend on whose thread I was posting in! - Sonic prefered the 34 ema and Genesis works with the 5 / 25 ema, so it would be say the1m 25 ema then 5x 25 = 125 ema for a Genesis post and 34 / 170 in a Sonic post

My personal preference is to use the 1m 30 ema for my entries and the 1m 150 ema as my short term trend guide.  In reality, the actual numbers are less important than watching how the PA reacts when it around them

--- 帖子 #65 ---
You are the best pirate   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Sparrow

Here is your PDF http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...32#post7147932

--- 帖子 #66 ---
One trade on the EU

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Lets hope we get more of these in the New Year - have a good one guys....

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Just shaking the cobwebs off from the break we had with two small ones this morning for +25

Will be looking for some runners and extended targets as I trust more in the indicators and feel my way around them much better.

Looking forward to the year.Hope everyone had a nice break and wishing all of us some decent pips in 2014

--- 帖子 #69 ---
EJ + 5              Looking  at the break of the lows for re-entry because the signal stays in tact for long period of time

EU + 38           Will be looking to hold TP 3 longer to be able to take advantage of the bigger swings.

Awaiting NY open as I have closed out the positions already.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Only had 2/3 of the position on as it was not the most ideal setup in my opinion but we saw some nice fast movement

+27 on GU

All 4 the pairs I trade have run their full potential for the day in my opinion and with London close around the corner I am done for the day.

All four pair had plenty on offer and I think I must take a leaf out of Islanders book as he seems to be timing the exits perfectly and riding it all the way.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
EJ +18.6

Anyone else about?

Might only be getting back next week I suppose

--- 帖子 #72 ---
yes, but I'm busy pirating pips ......the exit was at the Asian Low

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Great trading Islander. Do you mind if I ask if that was you only trade for the day?

--- 帖子 #74 ---
GU +23.5

EJ  +11

Really feel like Im backing the wrong swings today so far

Good weekend and see you on Monday guys

--- 帖子 #75 ---
EJ +35

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Shorts on GU. Net profit for today +147 pips

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Hi Rooi,

Which moving average do you use?

Is it possible to get you Period Stochastic indicator?

Thank you very much!

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Hi Balouf

The MA's are the 30 and 150 EMA on the 1min.(There is a lot of additional info about the MA's on the last couple of pages Islander thread)                      http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...20#post7168420

There MTF Stoch is from  the Genesis Thread(link in the first post)

Here is the file as well.

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Nice Trading dan4o

Thanks for posting

How long have you been trading Islanders MA's for?

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Thanks Rooi.

I try to follow Islander's MAs MTF Stoch and Genesis Matix from 2-3 weeks.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Thanks - and no, but I'm in "Alien Research Mode"

--- 帖子 #82 ---
LOL.

I have subscribed to that as well and will be following any progress on exits.

Happy pirating

Rooi

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Slugish +7.4

GU had some more on offer.

Awaiting LO

--- 帖子 #84 ---
EJ +24

Plenty in the move though

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Hi dan4o

Hope all is well!

Would you mind sharing the news indicator that you have on your chart here or just tell me the name and I will find it.

Thanks for the help

Rooi

--- 帖子 #86 ---
GU +13  only 2 of the normal 3 positions placed as not ideal area in my opinion

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Hi Rooi this is the indicator

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Thanks very much

--- 帖子 #89 ---
+19.4

Done for the day

Lots of ranging

See you guys tomorrow

--- 帖子 #90 ---
2 shorts on GJ

Net profit for today +200 pips

--- 帖子 #91 ---
+25.6 together on GU and EJ

--- 帖子 #92 ---
GU+25 on only two position risk as it was behaving horribly earlier

Missed the trade of the day on EJ. oh well

Thats me for the today.

I have some homework to do

--- 帖子 #93 ---
1 short & 1 long on GU

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Morning Rooi, have opened EJ trade with 2 TP's. Liked the setup here, after some time sideways, enough space above the number and R2, just before London open and reasonable SL (and also signalled elsewhere) decided to take it, have closed TP1 for +10, will let TP2 run a bit.

EDit: closed TP2 for +30. Enough for me today. (took +10 off AU earlier)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Morning Strada

Well done with the +40

Is that about how its been going for you since you have been back?

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Man Im not so happy about this opening session.  Ended on - 9 overall

There was plenty everywhere on offer and my head was not on straight this morning. That's the good thing about having sound Entry requirements.

When I look back at the PA I can see it was by my own mistake that I did not get paid this morning.Cant always be right I suppose

Anyway.Going to make some notes.Really just need to improve my exit strategy as that is were my head ache is at the moment.Less thinking more following rules I suppose

--- 帖子 #97 ---
I have decided to go with 2 TP's from now on as well as to make it a bit easier on my thought process when looking for exits.

My thinking being to just hit TP1 at a safe distance and really try and milk TP2 for a runner and by doing this improving my perception of where the price will finish because If I have a look at the other guys they seem to be doing quite well with it.

This is much closer to the way you think about it as well ?

EDIT : Also if I am not mistaken in the Bago rules I have you mention something about. Taking TP1 and then adjusting SL by that distance and then try and get a larger pip count on TP2 with not to much of a stress because worst case is a BE trade.(I know that has its downside to.) How did that work for you?

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Hi Rooi, only restarted Monday which was good but yesterday was patchy (but profitable ~ only just though). Concentrating more on EJ and GU for now. AU trade this morning the only move I could see from my 5 pairs once I got set up and I think I regretted every minute from entry, it's so slow, was glad to exit, don't think I missed much elsewhere fortunately and wanted to see what was happening pre London, one of my favourite entry times.

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
I agree AU is like watching paint dry.

Yesterday was a bit tough I agree but days like today make up for it though.I'll get it next time.The GU and EJ is pretty great.What you think of GJ?

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Rooi, when I take any TP1 I'll immediately reset my SL to BE (inc any spread), After that I'll just look for for other realistic TP points to improve the minimum TP2 profit. This morning on EJ once each ledge was taken out I used those lows as new TP targets then I was offered +30 giving me a total of 50 for the day so I didn't hesitate and took it. (on bago I still use the 5/12 recross, but these days when i do make a bago entry I sometimes run the trade on Gen rules if the trade is inside a Gen signalled trade).

cheers strada

GJ, it's a great mover but a tad too unpredictable on 1min for me, when i want that sort of excitement I trade oil.

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Thanks for the reply.You are right anything above +30 is great and no need to be too greedy and complicating things.

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #102 ---
If Im happy that I ironed out all the creases in this system in the next three months then I might have a look at oil and ask for a tip or two

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Ended on +24 for the day after a not so great morning

Back for LO tomorrow

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Morning Strada.

Hope you nailed the GU.

I'm -4 at the moment.

Tweaking trade management.Exit was emotional

Should have trailed my stops under the lows or just kept it below the red MA as that is my trade management plan at the moment

Will see what we can do with the rest of this LO as there is a great deal of news later today so might have to cherry pick it later if the Volatility dies down now.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Morning, in this EJ trade and have taken half out at +7, other half SL at BE. Was -5 from earlier trade so now in profit marginally, main thing is it won't be a losing day. Slow morning on this.

Morning Rooi, no I didn't do GU today, did an earlier trade with EJ and stuck with that. Now looking for a finish, been here since 6.30.

Update  09.06  Closed TP2 for +20. I know there is likely more from this move but my time is up for today. Strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #106 ---
As long as the day is up and not down you can always consider it to be successful.Some days are just better than others.

See you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Yes, you're absolutely right on that Rooi, I just don't do losing days and can't remember the last time I had one. EJ now taking off but that's OK with me, it's what's in the bank that matters.

strada.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Love that expression and view.How many years before you were able to adopt that view?

Do you have a DD limit for the day?

Trading is only in the mind really(confidence is very important  in my opinion.)

PS Well done on the trade

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Hi Rooi, No set DD as such but I know when I'm in a hole and I'll switch more towards recovery mode with trades. This is one of the things I've always found with bago and I think perhaps the same with G1m (but time will tell on that), the system eventually gives you the opportunity to rcover. Sometimes it takes a while which I dislike because I don't want to be here all day, so I will occasionally resort to scalping and sniping to get back to BE+.

I've had a quick check back on some old spreadsheets and diaries and certainly in 2007/08 had very few losing days and I don't recall ever having seriously bad runs of losing days. However it has to be said that is less to do with me and almost everything to do with the good fortune I had finding bago and possibly now G1m.

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
I agree with you up to a point regarding it being the system and not you the trader.I tried to trade Bago with you a while back and failed miserably.I think we find what we are looking for when we look for a trading system.Some people try to find something that does not exist and so they find nothing,others find a decent system and add their knowledge and experience to make it better.Bago and Gen1min are both very well adapted to the way you want to enter the market with frequent entry opportunities and tight SL because of the fast MA's.You also have a wealth of knowledge about the Higher Time frames and market conditions.

No I think you discredit yourself a bit if you say it due to Bago and Gen.

With regards to recovery mode do you decrease lot size or is it the same for every trade and you change it every trade/day/week

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Hello Anthm, how are you?

Thanks Rooi. Recovery mode I'll sometimes reduce stake size, but I keep the trade exit plan totally flexible. if I'm down say -20 and I have a trade sitting at +7/8 with 3 TP's I'll close all 3 and finish with +1 for the day. If however I'm down a lot  more than that then I'd probably take "best" profit on TP1&2 and let 3 run but on a very tight leash, not allowing any gains to go too far back. Last resort Ill scalp it and tend to use naked charts for that or maybe C4.

I think it was Marty who said on the other thread that we have to be happy with what the market wants to give us (words to that effect) and I've always held to that. Even when I traded with a daily target I never presumed to expect it every/any day, that would be tantamount to thinking I was better than the market. And this is why I often exit trades earlier rather than later, I don't see the point in pushing a trade too hard in the belief that it may be a runner. Using the exits available on either system means you bank profits and if it is a runner then the opportunity will present itself to re-enter and take more from the move, but the important thing is that you already have profit in the bank. On the other thread I constantly see good trades with good profit going back to BE. If I allowed that to happen, I think I'd be looking for another business opportunity. Using 2 TP like you do, you'll avoid most of that fortunately. Hope some of this helps, regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Helps a great deal.Thanks for taking the time to write in such detail.Good to know different ways of thinking in different scenarios.

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Hoping to add some confidence to this trade and its direction.

Does anyone have a trigger or a set of "rules" they use regarding trading the crosses in this way?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Update: Really hope we could see some more downward thrust on this but as there is big news out standing(20min from now) decided to close  for +6.4

Will monitor and highlight  future trades that line up in this way

Ended on +2.4 and will be watching the fireworks and working on some stuffs

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Morning Rooi, earlier trade on EJ. Considered exit just after Fr open if 7.02 bar had been exceeded. Have a busy day today so finished for the week.

First week of the year mainly on genesis. Pretty good, so will look over it all at the weekend and see what needs adjusting if anything.

Regards, have a good week-end, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Morning Strada

+6 on EJ - Changed my FO and LO rules yesterday after some back testing and found that I can trade the break of the red ma WHEN we are coming from the

20 / 80 area on the 15 min stoch.(closer to the normal Gen entry)

We had the same trade in EJ

Also still running short on EJ based on my normal trade setup of MA cross forms a the signal bar and enter on the break of the the signal high or low

Also paying attention to EU and UJ direction
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Already dumped half of the EJ position at BE on the test of the low(not shown in screenshot)

Seeing what I can observe as the move continue on the 3 pairs

I am also really happy with this variation of the Gen system so far for the year as I have adapted it to fit the way I'm use to identifing trades and monitor them.

Great thing about the 1min TF is the precision  you get from it by monitoring the PA up close if you know what I mean.

Always review my trading week on Sunday so I will post if I spot anything that stands out but I doubt it.

Enjoy the weekend

UPDATE : exit at BE as PA on UJ changed towards the upside according to the MA's
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Hi Strada

Just checking in whilst on holidays, sad I know. Definitely no trading whilst I on holidays, Looking forward to being back for full trading week on the 20th Jan.

Seems like some good trades last week.

Cheers Anthm

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Morning, EJ this morning. First trade -6, 2nd close to S2 but on tight SL.

Update TP1 +7

Update TP2 = 0.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Morning

Same trade as your second one with +3.1 in the bank and giving it some room for now on the rest.

Bit thin so far but will see what LO bring

Update TP 2 = BE

--- 帖子 #119 ---
+13 on EJ

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Trade 4 was above S2 but used very tight SL. Other factors also used for entry.

Update  TP2 = +10. Gives  +20 for the day, happy with that.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Very nice trading.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Hi strada,

Could you provide a link to, or paste the ultra stoch that you are using (want to try it ou, tried to find it myself, it is not in the posted indies section of this thread, could not find it in other threads that I follow).

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
The indicator is here. I use it without any min/max settings or any other levels, you may prefer to have them though.

cheers, strada.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=299608

--- 帖子 #124 ---
EU +17

Missed out on GU

That's me,see you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Morning Strada

+16 on GU for the FO ( closed because GU likes to up and down violently at this time of the morning)

Will see what LO brings

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Morning Rooi, yes I'm in GU today too, still have TP2 in there, but any break of that little high a few bars back and I'll be out too.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Nice little drop today on EU and GU

What was TP 1 = ? (8?)

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Enjoyed the run down and there was a bit of hesitation and closed tp1 at 11.3. TP2 +8

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Thats keeping nice and calm.

I find my second exit to be much more controlled once I dump the first half of it.Need to work on my confidence with this.

As the year progresses getting my TP 1 bigger is really a top priority fro me as it adds much better to the total pip count and helps with those ones that go against you.I will have to spend some time collecting data on this.Will do something similar to what you did with bago.

That must be you for the day then?

--- 帖子 #130 ---
GU signal 7.45;  entry 7.48;    TP1 +8

Update 8.07. TP2 +20. first sign of hesitation once price broke through the number. total 47 is good for me. Enjoyed that last trade, in before London open, TP1 banked, TP2 on a free ride into the open (had stop set at +7) and because we never know what the direction will be at that time, I could sit back and enjoy the ride.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Very nice.

Thats the advantage of the faster MA and other tools.Its just to busy for me as it give to many signals.I will look how to adapt it in future.For now its just slow and steady

--- 帖子 #132 ---
This is the difficult balancing part of the strategy Rooi. Either taking the early smaller profit on TP1 or aiming for a higher one. Pros and cons for either. Smaller tp1 means putting your trade into profit early but there will be occasions when it will be too early if price comes back and closes the rest of your trade at BE and then turns and moves on in the direction of your trade and you are left sitting on your hands (albeit with a profit but possibly a small one in relation to the size of the move). The higher TP1 will more often cause you to go back into the minuses, and then you're thinking you could have had +8 or 10 etc. So a difficult quandary. For what it's worth, especially trading 1min charts, I most definitely prefer the lower and more realistic TP1. Although I'm fairly aggressive on entries I like to be as stress free as possible and the lower TP1 helps greatly in that regard. If there's a decent move on then I'll let TP2 take care of that.

Just my 0.02c worth, it's a good idea to watch how often both scenarios play out, I'll be doing it cause the old rules from bago may not entirely suit G1m.

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
I agree.Will have make the decision in the next week or so and just live with it for a while till I get enough screen time in using this system to colect some info and make a more concrete decision.

I might have a look at some variations and see what it can deliver.The problem is altough the patterns are the same many morings there is till a great deal of variation to the different ways the morning plays out.

I might consider adopting the some of the Gen1min in the coming months to help with the earlier entry with better SL and easier run to TP1 if you understand what I mean.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
+ 16 on GU

See you in the morning

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Morning Rooi, in EJ, but it has to break out of this range, cheap SL though.

Update. Reversed position, now short.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Morning Strada.

The same.Keeping a eagle eye on it though

--- 帖子 #137 ---
I miss understood I thought you were short on the first one.

Im short from the start and dumped half for 2pips and looking for a bigger target.Taking some risk off

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Hi Rooi, first trade was long from the 6.48 signal, delayed the entry and got a good fill with very cheap SL, closed at -3 (2 tp's so -6)

Short trade TP1 +7 and sl now at BE. Will put chart on later when finished.

Update. closed half of TP2 for 12 (so +6),

and now just closed the other half for 6 (so +3), total for trade +16.

Update 8.03. Re-enter tp2 at 8.01

Closed half for 6 (=+3), SL now @BE

--- 帖子 #139 ---
You always micro manage extremely well.

Not a easy  start this morning im my opinion and all the pairs are not sitting were I like them,

Out for +11 on that so +13 at the moment.Almost half way as my daily target is +30

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Nice.Lets see what LO does here.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Chart below for the earlier trades, sorry for the jumble above but don't want to spend too much time in here while in trades.

Trade 3 was something of a non-event, after the previous double bottom and then a near double top decided there was a possibility of some congestion after the previous move down and took early exit after 2nd leg of double top at BE.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Hi Strada

Is your broker time set to GMT ?

Good trades

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Hi Rooi

Don't know if this qualifies for posting, but here goes - Multiple stochs 1m EJ - 1m, 5m, 15m stoch all set to 5,3,3

Entries as per Babon rules +-

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Hi jsf

Yes please feel free to post as much as you like as well as describe why you did what.

Please post a link to the thread where we can find information about the template you are using as well as the entry requirements

Good luck and many more pips to you sir

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Thanks for the chart Strada

Great trading!

I agree.I dont want to post too much while trading in the morning.

See you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #146 ---
+ 17 on EJ makes +30 for the day.

See you guys in the morning

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Hi all

Just back from 2 weeks Holidays,

1st trade back for +15.9 pips on UJ this morning,

1st entry 5 minutes after TO for +0.9 pips

2nd reentry 3 minutes after AU red news for +15 pips

Sloppy but a win never the less.

Regards Anthm

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Nice to see you posting here.

Great trading

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Mornigng Rooi & Anthm, Short GU, first trade today, nothing before Fr open .

Update, well that was fortunate, missed the initial run down to +8 while writing the above but still had to reset SL to BE and nearly got taken out. Anyway, all OK now, TP1 +11.5.

Update. Exit TP2 for +11.

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Morning Strada

Short on EJ and dumped half already for +2.

Keeping tight reins on it for now

Choppy this morning

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Flat now. +10(2+8) so far.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Morning to you both

This is mine EU Entry 5 minutes before FO

TP 1&2 Taken +16.7

TP 3 still on the table lets see.

On autopilot now, SL of course now at Entry price minus 1 and a bit for commission.

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Morning Strada

What time was your entry?

Pretty sure same thing as my EU nearly taken out but just managed to stay in

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Nice,

We managed to take 3 different pairs and all getting similar results

all good

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Morning Anthm

Nice trade

I have to improve my auto pilot and be a bit more patient

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Hi Jsf, I think you're probably referring to the charts and they are on UK time. Don't use these for actual trading, only reference.

I see you're a Fav. gabon fan, good method, very sound. regards, strada.

@Anthm, entry was at 7.16, signal was on 7.12 bar and waited for 1 pip improvement by which time 5stoch came into line. Good to see you back and making profit.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
I agree

Lets see what LO brings :nerd:

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Morning all

Strada

I am more of a TMA fan, as is Fav. I don't care for the Babon indi though, but have been intrigued by multi stochs as taught by Spudfyre - here : http://www.forexfactory.com/search.php?searchid=8336604

I am trying to combine the two strategies, and although I believe most indis are worthless I love them, it makes my templates look colourful

That is why this thread caught my eye 1m tf and multi stochs, glad you started it Rooi

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Nice choice this morning

Is that you for today?

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Glad we have a place to share our approaches to the market

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Yes, I'm done. I was going to renter TP2 if there was a break of the 8.01 close but it moved down quickly and didn't want to enter too far down, so I'll stick with what's been banked and have some breakfast, 22 pips ~ might afford some jam as well today on that toast!!!

Will put chart on later, cheers for now, strada.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
LOL

Im sure your 22pips can buy the Jam factory by now

Enjoy and see you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Short GU 11 minutes after LO

Closed now +45.3 for the session and 61.2 for the day

screen time 4 hours total

If only it was that easy every day.

EDIT. chart should read 38 support level not resistance level

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Nice trading Anthm

Is this an indicator?

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Sure beats the old bread and dripping.

Always look forward to seeing your charts Strada.

Cheers

Anthm

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Yes it is, Its part of the Auto-Pivot Plotter V2 indi.

It shows daily pivots , S/R,s and Yesterdays Highs and lows.

You will find Strada uses it also as I found it through him.

anthm

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Chart for this trade, see you all tomorrow, regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #168 ---
+14 on GU

Not the best entry but it made it.

Strong selling this morning.PA needed to at least test the bottom of the session or LO push in my opinion to go higher.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Morning,

Very slow Tokyo session for BE, Unfortunately have commitments this afternoon so no trading for me, looking forward to the updates.

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Morning Anthm or should I say good afternoon

Everything is in a pretty tight range at the moment.Will see what FO can do to open it up a bit

GU sitting at a vital area at the moment and I fance EJ to the downside although it forming a upside down head and shoulders on the 60 min and the long term trend is up.So will see what the banksters do at the open

Is BE for for the Asian session relatively normal or whats the average that you do before LO normally ?

Rooi

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Uh-oh!

You started a new MTF thread. I've been thinking about doing so for over a year, but haven't because I don't want to disclose the details of my system just yet.

Everyone beware... Some very powerful stuff here. Congrats on the thread. I have subscribed and will contribute more if and when I feel like it.

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Hi Smash

Yip, the MTF is pretty sound and powerful if used correctly.

Looking forward to seeing some of your charts :nerd::nerd:

Many pips to you sir

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Morning, short GU,details later

Update. Considered bago exit off 7am bar but really wanted to see if there would be a break of all those previous highs from last hour. Also offered an exit at -2/3 around 7.13 but after yet another failure of price to break those highs after 7 decided to let the trade run its course on the original SL (-8). New G1m signal at 7.20 which if it had gone to +1pip was ready to reverse position, it only went to +0.5pip. TP1 +11.5; TP2 +20. When price reversed off its lo's after 7.30 it created few new highs which I used as exit targets, none of them broken by more than 1pip and wanted to be still in trade for Lo open. Closed on +20 when price reversed away from last low, didn't want to give any more than that away. and looking for a finish.

Lots of scenarios to consider during that trade, glad I wasn't looking into the thread!!!

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Morning.

Im trying to stick it out till FO open but Im on the same page

Update:Short but very tight SL = -10(2X-5)

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Morning strada (but actually Goodnight for me, as it is past my bedtime already gotta wake up in 5 hours lol)

Just checked GU and I mostly agree with you but I would be careful. It looks like a pullback will happen first and as I am a daytrader that is a big deal for me because I always like to be as accurate as possible.

1M, 5M, 15M, 30M, and now 1H are all starting to rebound and a real, sustainable rebound or bounce is, indeed, quite possible.

Holy crap... looks like it's already started (I don't normally trade GU).

--- 帖子 #176 ---
look at these candles

i don't know what will happen but it looks up to me

--- 帖子 #177 ---
I might even go long here soon. Thanks for the idea!

... Well, I think U/J looks good here too.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Whilst GU is showing a buy, its usually best to wait until after London Opens, especially if there has been little action in the AustralAsian session....

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Do you trade solely using the Sonic R system?

--- 帖子 #180 ---
No, I left Sonic's excellent thread as my trading there was too subjective and I wanted to add some indicators to allow me to make up an Objective set of trading rules.

RJ's Genesis thread was a great start and I'm also experimenting with some of Alien's indicators.  You can see my work In Progress in my old thread...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...14628&page=224

PS  That buy signal in cable was a typical FH fakeout - but let's see what LO brings....

--- 帖子 #181 ---
- 10 1st

+20 2nd

--- 帖子 #182 ---
that's impressive that you were able to reverse so quickly and catch the drop.....    a higher volumed WRB is a good alert....

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Thanks.Was looking for that drop since yesterday

Not always good to trade based on feelings. Aleast it worked out

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Hi Rooi

I count -5 and +10 on the image, please check

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Hi jsf

2 positions on each trade

1 st SL - 5 x 2 = - 10

2 nd profit of 10 x 2 = +20

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Ok

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Chart below, have a good weekend all, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Nice and calm as always

Great trading!

Enjoy the weekend

See you on Monday

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I agree.Lots  happening.

I will be posting a lot less during the opens

--- 帖子 #190 ---
+16 Grabbing what I have and closing up shop

More focus next week.

Consistency comes from focus.

Enjoy the weekend

--- 帖子 #191 ---
The G/U trade idea from the last couple of pages gave me a new, really good concept that I'm gonna try to program this weekend. I started to think about why G/U moved so much on Friday (today) and also why U/J didn't... And I've concluded that GU was trending while UJ was not. That may sound overly simple, but This made me realize the key is not just knowing WHEN to trade, but also knowing what PAIR to trade. Which is why I'm going to write something to spit out the most-trending currency pair(s). This has been done before at FF, except I'm going to use a better and simpler logic. Thanks for giving me this idea!!!

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Hello Dan4o,

I like your charts and most especially your consistent high results, it would be helpful if you could post all your indies and templates and entry and exit rules.

Keep up the impressive perfomance!

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Great thread!

About money management, there is a lot of smart TradeManager EA:s to use.

Anyone tested any of them?

Maybe this could be a smart setup on M1? Profit targets in three levels.
- TP1: 8 pips

- TP2: 13 pips

- TP3: Trailing 5 pips behind the price,  kicks in when TP2 is reached.

- BE:   Set when TP1 is reached
- SL:   9 pips

Please leave some feedback.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
There are enough choices for trade management ea but I have used Steve's trade management ea and has all options that you mentioned.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=89371

--- 帖子 #195 ---
That would be great, do share any you might have.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Had a wild day on Thursday, don't even ask.

Friday was recovery day thanks to this thread!

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Multi-Purpose Trade Manager EA is a free trademanager, it might work:
http://www.stevehopwoodforex.com/php....php?f=21&t=64

There is several commercial TradeManagers also but I dont know if it is okay to post them here in this thread?

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Hi LFN

Thanks for the suggestion.

I for one like to mange my trades with this strategy manually as there is a lot to consider at that time of the morning.

I personally use just 2 TP's at the moment although there is some of the guys using this type of entry setup that use three TP's so they might  find it useful.

Feel free to test and post your results and/or charts showing how it plays out.

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #199 ---
We have all been there before and will be again in future.Such is trading.

Good luck for the week

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Thanks mate and wishing you proper mental frame of mind for the weeks trading ahead!

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Morning, just one Genesis trade today, good result and finished for the day. Chart below. See you all tomorrow.

strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #202 ---
+10.2 on GU

Will see what we can do later but there is a USA bank holiday.

EJ was too  late after my original signal  so decided to trade GU.

Should line up better tomorrow

Rooi

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Nice one there Rooi.

I rationalised EJ but it would have done well.

I took GU and bailed @12pips.

Done for the day 6% got to concentrate on my day job

--- 帖子 #204 ---
+11 on EJ.

Left some on the table.Same as always

Working on that as this is just a matter of implementing the right rules

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Morning Rooi, I was in EJ as well, chart below. (BTW, in light of post elsewhere I should mention that all my trades are done with live accounts).

Nice early finish for me today.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Strada

This indi plots trades automatically, making it easy for us to see your trades.

Nice trading

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Hi strada

Yip.Nicely done sir

I will be working on extending the targets I look for as well as there was plenty of upside room for EJ and although a good entry,my exits leave me in want.

Same with my trades all are live

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Cheers Rooi, I know what you mean about the targets, but you know yourself there's nothing wrong with taking profit off the table when it's there. When you see it diminishing, you have no idea if only some of it will disappear or all of it so there's nothing wrong with the salvage mentality in those situations. I should have exited earlier off the 7.29 bar, where I think you exited, as that would have given me enough for today. But I missed it and it slipped back too far so I reset TP2  stop to +8.

You're in profit, that's the main thing. See you tomorrow. strada.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Your right.Its important to make what we can when it there.

See you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Hi Rooi - thanks for your post in my old thread...I also took that buy in EJ, then changed to EU for the fall......the WRB with high volume marked with the 2 Xs was the alert to think about exiting and then the fall stalled at the MS1 level, so another 15 pips in the bank...

--- 帖子 #211 ---
I like it.

The EU and GU gave really nice drops in the minutes before LO

Many more happy days of pirating those pips to you sir

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Hi Rooi,

we the only two logged on here I see at the moment,

did you enter again today after your plus eleven on ej?

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Good evening all

I've been trading Matrix m1 on demo the last week or so.  One thing I can't find on their first page is the BRN line they're referencing a lot.  I've done all the searches on the thread, but still no luck.  My pivots are drawing okay.  I'm not registered on RJ's thread.  Does anyone have an explanation of what I might be doing wrong?

I'll hang out here for the while if you don't mind.

Cheers,

K

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Hi Kobiet,

BRN stands for Big Round Number. So , for instance, just looking at the Euro Jpy at the moment price is at 141.68. the next highest BRN is 142.0 to the upside and to the downside its 141.0

Some will argue and say the nest BRN to the downside is 141.50 but for me that would be too much filtering.

Hope that helps

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #215 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...01#post6950601

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Hi anthm

Yip.Got some on GU on the upside.Looking to see the downside on GU now but not looking to great for that at the moment

You.....

Hows it been going?

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Hi RJ

Hope all is well.

Wishing you a good year in 2014

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Thank you all

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Ok, that's nice, I finished for the day, fortunately I did very similar to Strada today on the EJ which was not the case yesterday, I took a reasonably big hit.

"Steady as she goes" I personally just trying at the moment to curb big loss days which is what I took yesterday.

I also Live and have learnt my biggest lessons that are implanted in my memory via losing money. In my opinion there is a NECESSITY for DEMO but it has its limitations.

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Very nice!

Yes I think having smaller loses and smaller losing days to the point of getting to Strada's level where we have no losing days but Im still a while from there.

Glad to hear you had a good day today

Yes demo is very important but live trading a whole new ball game

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Hi RJ

Happy to hear that Earth quake was not too damaging for you yesterday. From memory the last big one sent the NZD plummeting and then the Earth quake in japan happened shortly after and the JPY rallied. Or maybe it was the other way around. Anyway the NZ earth quake sent the currency one way and the Japan earth quake sent it the opposite way, needless to say I was on the wrong side both times as usual.

Anyways Good to hear it was not too bad

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Worked like a charm.  Cheers mate.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
All the best to you too Rooi

--- 帖子 #224 ---
A few things broken but nothing that can't be replaced

The Yen and the Kiwi are vastly different currencies and different economies. Just very briefly, when the Japan earthquake hit, the Yen gained strength because a lot of Yen is 'overseas', and that money would head back to Japan for rebuilding etc etc. This repatriation of the Yen to Japan is what caused the rise in the Yen value. Same happened in the kobe earthquake several years earlier.

With NZ's small economy, which relies mainly on farming exports etc, there is no money overseas to 'repatriate.' So the billions that it cost for the rebuild has to be borrowed, adding to the deficit. This is bad for the currency in the short term, but as the rebuild gets under way, employment is provided and infrastructure etc etc etc is modernised, which helps with consumer optimism blah, blah.....so the Kiwi rises in the mid to long term.....but suffers a short term immediate hit.   <---- in a nutshell!

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Morning Strada

Plenty of pips all round and I have only bagged +11 across three entries.At least I have those 11.

Initially wanted to trade GU and then saw the drop on EJ and so I switched.Then went out of that to early and chased GU again.With all the ranging on GU just after FO I thought we are not going to see anything till the big news on GU.Wrong again.

Oh well we live and we learn

Practice makes perfect :nerd:

Will see what the rest of the day brings

Trust you have some nice short pips going

Rooi

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Morning Rooi, today was about the grass on the other side for me. I went into GU first which took a while to give anything, while I was watching EJ do the business. Anyway GU eventually moved, and moved quite well. First trade there were numerous opportunities to consider exit around BE/-1or2 but stuck with it. 2nd trade took early exit on a bit of price weakness and finished. 40 pips is a good day's profit this week. Chart below, got your PM, will speak later, regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Nice trading Strada

Glad to see i was  not the only one thinking GU this morning.

Thanks for sharing your chart and trades as it helps to clarify that there was a good out come that was fairly predictable for most mornings.

Practice,Patients and Perseverance (lots of screen time):nerd:

Reply to the PM when ever you have the time there is no rush or anything

--- 帖子 #228 ---
So will you never jump across if there is a nice signal on the other pair.Like this morning was a pretty big bear candle that showed some real movement

--- 帖子 #229 ---
GM Strada - that's impressive trading on a tight morning

I see that you are using an Ultra Stochastic.  Is that from the Project Ultra thread? and if so, what do you find are its advantages...

Regards

Islander

--- 帖子 #230 ---
@ Rooi, I prefer not to switch. I've found over the years that when I do, sod's law kicks in with a vengeance. I still do it occassionally though and rarely benefit from doing it.

@Islander, yes the ultra stoch is from that thread. The primary advantage is the realtime aspect, both in terms of its presentation and it's accuracy. The stoch recently discussed on the genesis thread isn't accurate real time, it seems to be more of a projection which isn't much good trading off 1 min charts.

strada.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Thanks, I'm already trying it and agree with all of your comments - I'm converted

--- 帖子 #232 ---
I agree,thats what whats good about seeing your charts is the fact that there is no need to catch the pair that moved 50pips.

You just have to interpret the PA correctly in accordance with your Strategy and then you should have a up day most of the days.

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Great to see you made some.  Great stuff.

Got in late after the action.  Took CT trade on EURAUD; wasn't going anywhere and took it out eventually for +2.9 pips.  Also jumped into XAUUSD prematurely (without looking at 5M chart); when I did open the 5m chart, I just wanted to get out BE, but eventually closed -11; lesson learned.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #234 ---
+16

Using ultra Stoch.Will see how it goes

--- 帖子 #235 ---
snap and I am trying just using the change of colour version to reduce the numer of lines in each window

- more research in progress....it does a much better job of MTF analysis.....now its deciding just how many filters to use.....

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Hi Islander

Jip the ultra stoch is nice and simple.

The 30min Stoch seems handy but I could suggest having it only as a filter to "know" when to push for a higher target of pips as it gives you a bit of a idea where you might be in the longer TF cycle:nerd:

Rooi

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Thanks, that was a good idea ......its always difficult to get the correct balance of filters and I needed to be reminded that its the 1m chart I'm trading and too many filters can cause problems.

So now its the BBs for their "squeeze alert" then wait for genesis to show 4 Greens (Reds).  The M15 stoch confirms and if its OB/OS then only trade that way.  Need to research entries off the M5 stoch as it cycles up and down....

I keep the ADX minimised until a move looks overextended and then open it up to check for divergence....

Edit:  I'm using the coloured Ultra Stoch with a single line and I've put a coloured highlight in the OB/OS zones as an Alien reminder to stay in the trade whilst the M15 stoch remains in that zone....well, subject to divergence

€ peaked in a spike up to its R1 level and has turned down with UJ still up, so I'm back to the major pairs for now....

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Seems that you are moving into the right direction for achieving the system that is perfectly impartial.I will be looking into the 5min Stoch as well.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Thanks to Strada for showing us the Ultra Stochs, it's doing a great job of simplifying decision making.

I'd be doing some real time observations before taking trades with it.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
A sell in the 14:15 bar and exit in the 14:45 bar after the high volume in the prior bar with the M5 stoch fluttering off its lows and the fast ADX falling fast.....that 10 pips before they vanish.....on to the next one

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Nice!

Im done for today.

See you guys in the morning

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Morning Strada

+7 on EJ

One day when Im all grown up Im not going to let whipsawing candles before the breakout scare me out of the position.

The 1min TF is very unforgiving when you try to over control or manage your position

Slowing getting there though.

Trust you did better.......

Rooi

--- 帖子 #243 ---
You were not on your own with that whipsawing Rooi, I was down 34.8 before I got on the right end of the GU just now.

Below my failed EJ trades, first entry 6.28 London time

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hi Anthm

Yip.A great deal of up and down for FO.

We just need to keep out head's on straight because we can see in Strada's charts there is a decent outcome almost 90% of the time because we are so zoomed into the PA that it has to go somewhere eventually.We just need to keep calm.

Easier said than done.

Hope your in the green..

Rooi

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Edit: Morning Anthm.

Morning Rooi, no I didn't do better, I did worse today. Chart below.

Trade 1; I exited off the 7.02 and entered short, G1m wasn't totally kosher at this point but bago was, it was more automatic reaction from those days. But also, knowing how price can run at the open I didn't want to see trade 1 go further into loss.

Trade 2 went to +6 and I considered taking it, had plenty of time to do so and should have done. Anyway exited at BE, which coincidentally was also a bago exit.

Trade 3. I'm still trying to work out if I was right or wrong here. Fairly aggressive entry (stoch 15 not crossed yet), reached +8 and came back quite sharply and managed to grab 6.5, then almost immediately exited tp2 at BE. Thought about re-entering, but DP was close and red news at 7.58, and by this stage I think I was probably in a more hesitant mindset.

So, sitting at the grand total of +2 and looking at the "what might have been". Your +7 is looking very good to me right now.

Enjoy the rest of your day, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Yes mate my suspicion is he has captured the GU rally and some, he problem gorging himself on strawberry jam.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
EJ +25 and I think more to come but I have enough for now. Was late to the move but got good re-entry.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
No jam today Anthm;  bread and dripping!!

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Yip feel the same way.Very aggressive up and down movement with price literally ready to explode in any direction if you ask me.

Like we said.Some days are better than others.Today could have been amazing but there will be many more good opportunities this year!

Thanks for posting

Have a good day

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Nicely done!

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Nice work JSF, sometimes in this sort of terrain the 5m/15m is a lot more reliable and profitable as you've shown.

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
I was barely stopped out on trailing stop GJ long before last part of recent rise from just before LO.  I was late entering so +18 half and +5 remainder.  Has gone up another 35 pips since that point. Missed EA all together.  Looking for a retrace to renter.  I really like the Ultra Stochastic.  I am trading remotely, so can't post my charts.  I will try to do so going forward.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
We better be careful now, next move may be down

--- 帖子 #254 ---
But with respect it could be up,

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Morning panamamike, that is frustrating. Don't worry about the no-charts, the rest of us can see where you're at with our own charts.

strada.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
You will note I said may !!!

--- 帖子 #257 ---
I did I did lol

Just my sometime strange sense of humor.

Nice work on EJ

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Wow - its all good news for € this morning - first the French Mfg PMI, then the German - both better than expectations.....

I dont trade EU or GU before 7:30 and as UJ was down until 7:55 I could'nt buy EJ - so I bought € - and cable....and later EJ too...

As usual, the big dogs had the news early and so € took off and with the stochs staying in the OB (Buy) zone plus price above the MA ribbon it was hold on until that high volume WRB - a green marubozo - at 8:39 - the fast stoch started to turn and a red appeared in the matrix, so tighten my stop to the high of the prior bar and wait to be taken out...

BTW, note the 2 squeezes in the BBs - a great alert to a move...

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Hi panamamike

Dont worry about the chart.You could if you felt like it just post your entry and exit times and pips as that will leave no room for doubt.

GJ is a pair I will be taking on later this year as I have my hands full already with what I trade.Do you mostly just trade the crosses?

Rooi

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Very nice Islander

That is what I'm trying to look for with the ribbon as well.

Once the break out happened the ribbon guided you nicely and it was nice and stress free.

Nice pips,Is that you for the day?

Rooi

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Ever wondered what perfect MTF stochastic pattern looks like - this must be close to it

--- 帖子 #262 ---
question for Rooi and Islander,

With regards to your multiple TP, are you trading 1 entry with partial exits, or individual trades.  Do you trade set lot sizes or risk %?  If you re-enter a continuation trade do you use a full sizing or enter a partial size to reload a full position?

I currently trade 1 entry, risk based, and use Easy Order script to do so. I will take a partial, move SL to BE+1, and look for target based on Pivots. The second part of the trade is where I can screw myself by jumping the SL, thus getting stopped out (in profit) while PA goes to my target.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Thanks and yes, the combination of the ribbon and 5m / 15m stochs works well and I'm finished for now.....back for NY

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Prefect.  I will do so, and try to post entries and exits as close to real time as they happen.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Yes 2 TPs  on "2 positions" with an quick first target and try to catch a bit of a runner on the second.Second Im still working on the  tp exit conditions.But for now I just follow the "best price" scenario.

When I re enter its only half as of the position or my TP2 as its a weaker signal.I like to trade the first cross of the MA's

Rooi

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Dont worry to much about the real time aspect.Worry about your trading and the results.

All of us posts after we are done so that we can concentrate on the task at hand.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Ok.  Perfect.  Just trying to figure out the rules of the thread.  I have never been one to post pics, but in fiddling around with the built in Take a Picture within MT4, it does what I need.  I have tried a few screen capture programs for the annotation aspects, but I can't get them to do what I want.  Too many screens and cropping different areas is a pain.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
No rules really.Just common manners and decency.Everyone does their own thing. A million ways to do it right.No need to fight over what works better.Just do what you do.

Cropping is a pain with the "print screen" function.

Easiest way is to right click on chart,save as picture,select the post online in MQL box.

That give a url to your chart and it takes seconds.

Up to you really

Happy GJ slaying to you sir!

--- 帖子 #269 ---
+21

--- 帖子 #270 ---
ROOI,

I am going back through the posts and may have missed it. What two MA s do you plot?

--- 帖子 #271 ---
thanks,

i had had no idea what the post online to MQL box was for

BTW nice trade.

--- 帖子 #272 ---
30   EMA on the close  .green.

150 EMA on the close  .red.         (about the same as the 30 on the 5min)

The 150 is my main one I use.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Good trade Rooi

Below examples of poor discipline and expectation  Stick to the rules old man !!!!!

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Nice trade.

Its always tough when we are pretty convinced about the direction and then we see the move starting but our indicators are to "slow" to catch it.

All in all it worked nicely but I try to stay away from breaking the rules although it pretty tough

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Looks like weak numbers out of China and USA and strong PMI from Europe are causing a strong move in EURO And YEN.  However I think the weak pricing in Europe will see this EUR move short lived.  Yen may well strengthen into next weeks FED.  Just my .02

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Not to big on the fundie side of things but.Looking for EU to stall here.(wont give me a trade just yet but looking for it to start topping)

As for Yen - Recon 103 will be the place to where the next push higher comes from so I agree with you.Yen strength.

With all of that said I just trade technical's so far from an expert.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Has anyone been trading eurcad or gbpcad?

--- 帖子 #278 ---
I am a CFA so fundamentals and especially shifts and surprises within them always are of interest.  They also are the building blocks to prolonged trend shifts. However, my short term trading within those trends is all based on technicals.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Nope.

I took some on Aus Nzd but still expanding the system.

Bird of a different feather

Actually favoring the upside on it.

What you been looking at CAD?

--- 帖子 #280 ---
And USD?

What you think of GU at this level seems like a nice place to turn in the medium term?

--- 帖子 #281 ---
General weakness across the board.  CAD has been the weakest currency thus  far in 2014.  Pull up a chart of USDCAD, eurcad, and gbpcad. I think trading against the commodity currencies (aud and cad) will continue to be juicy.  Grossly overvalued, and CAD held its relative value longer, thus has more to move. with continued taper going forward, and if stimulus continues to be withdrawn, I think a LARGE correction in the value if these currencies is highly likely going forward. It is also desirable by both Australia and  Canada as it will boost exports.

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Thanks for the info!

Will have a look at it over the weekend as thats when I take the time to look through all those charts.

I really just focus on the scalping in the week

Will increase the knowledge regarding the fundies as this to is important for the swinging

BUT

Thats me for the day.

See you guys in the morning

--- 帖子 #283 ---
I just closed a buy in GU at the higher volumed spike up at 15:42 - I was late entering - not concentrating - so I've showed the buy signal .....the M15 stoch staying above the 50 level was a good hint and then its watching the 5m stoch as it cycles back up and the matrix turns all green.....BFN

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Hi Rooi,

I too find myself being fooled by the undecidedness off PA before the break-out like today on GU my initial target was yesterday's high but with the zig zag manner PA was moving in I adjusted my target to the then Asian Session Range High, needless to say price just blew past my target and left  me without being able to rejoin the train.

I was away for the rest of the day and I saw all the pips left on the table.

I came back and came across this article in my mail box and I applied it retrospectively to see how it could have been of help and I see now that I would have held on for 2 or 3 Reward multiples instead of settling for just 1.

I will take the liberty of posting the link it's all about using the Fib tool to set target in a way that simplifies Fibonacci.

http://www.learntotradethemarket.com...Jt8jTwn4bHwtMW

Let me say that I'm not affiliated to these people am just on their mailing list and this is the best thing I've learnt all year.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Hi Rooi

I have been following your thread since beginning and it has shaped nicely.

That's some consistent result!!!

Please can you share that indicator that shows daily,weekly and monthly pivots and support/resistant.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Hi

Theres the spaced line for the round numbers

The auto pivots.

The yellow Support and Resistance lines I draw myself

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Morning

Decided to add GJ to the pairs I trade.(did a lot of back testing last night and I like the movement with it)

Now its just forward testings

So I trade EU,GU,EJ and GJ.

There is enough action in there to find  what ever I need.

I do not like EU and GU where they are at the moment and so I traded GJ this morning

+17 on two trades (and as Im typing this GJ moving nicely)

Im done for the day and week what live trading is concerned.

Will be doing some more testing and watching.

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Snap....and I do not trade EU or GU before 7:30 GMT

Just bought EJ at 7:03 and closed at 7:29 for +23 - chart later - too busy now....

Edit: long GU in 7:32 bar....

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Well Done.  I also got GJ for 18.  the key is where it is right now. I took the money and ran, but if it breaks this 172.25 are ...quick to 40 ish...if breaks that 63 area easy.  i believe if you look at the chart a run end of week could be in the works......just my .02.  A rejection here also gives great pips on a retest of session lows.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Yes the Yen pairs did have a nice run.

Nicely done sirs

Taking notes and collecting lots of info about them moment.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #291 ---
GJ long 172.25....SL 05. TP 1 45. TP 2 85

will close ahead of SL if  15M ultra stoch crosses down on bar close

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Exited half GU for +25 after 1m matrix started to turn red - remainder SL +10 - chart later...

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Morning, On EJ today, just as well gu signal followed soon after I opened first ej trade, it was a bit of a rollercoaster for a while.

Anyway chart below, 2 trades. First went to just over +6, 2nd one didn't actually use the signal bar for entry but used the one 2 bars previous after price dropped back a bit, got a good fill. On the way up reset stop initially at +10 then after next leg up reset at +20 and exited on that.

After the first 2 weeks of Jan I'd had a good profit and raised the stakes for this week and now my profit for this month so far is where I would have wanted it to be for the month so I'm going to have a break and take off somewhere next week, so see you in february.

Have a good day all, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Out 09 -16 ...grrrrrr gave up all of first win - spread.

+ spread. Sorry...net +2 total for Asia

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Nicely done - hope you have a great break

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Hi Strada

Glad to hear your very well.Certainly a nice example of what can be done with disciple,experience and good MM.

Enjoy the time off

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #297 ---
well done.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Here-s my EJ chart - a nice BB squeeze followed by a move up to the **75 sweet spot where the M5 stoch started to turn down and a red bar appeared in the matrix....

--- 帖子 #299 ---
No sweat.

There is plenty of time left for London and NY

:nerd:

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Absolutely correct.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Closed GU when it failed at its R1 level - probably buy again as it making new highs not seen since May 2011....

Sold EJ when it retested its DP and just banked half at its MS as UJ stalled at its close / open level....

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Very nicely done.Killing it this morning

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Wow - that was a great move and I am finished for this morning.....BFN

--- 帖子 #304 ---
BFN = ?

Looking forward to some more of those this year.

Nicely done

BTW found your ship (trading fortress)

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Bye For Now.....LOL, I need to be trading in Yards rather than inches to play in that pond!

I've updated my EJ chart....my last exit was at 9:20 and then EJ "rested" for ~half an hour - note how the M15 stoch remained in the sell (OS) zone and how the M5 stoch cycled up towards the 50 level as price pull back allowing it to "catch up" with the MA Ribbon before another selling opportunity.   There was a similar rest after price hit the **25 SS and another selling opportunity before the last push down to the MS 3 level - a fall of ~160 pips since LO AND a great lesson about reading these stochs and holding in the trade.   One for the archives   and I'm going to save GJs chart too....a 300 pip fall....

--- 帖子 #306 ---
LOL

BFN on the urban dictionary doesnt give "Bye For Now"  (dont google it)

I agree.These we great examples for good opportunities and we be able to take advantage of them in the future as I see these big moves like to happen on the Yen-Crosses.Just need to wait for the stars to line up properly

Now to see what the NY-traders give us.

UP or DOWN

happy pirating

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Cheers for that.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
So now that we are nearly at the end of the first month of the year and I have had a time to see what everyone has been doing and in light of Strada's success using pure Gen I have decided to try it as well now that we have sorted out the problem of the stochastic that only closes every 15min.

Pure Gen is much better at getting into the market closer to the swing high or low and so give a better cheaper SL and makes it easier to get into the market as the risk in terms of pips is less and so it much easier to make it up when it goes against you.

I will still keep the 150 ema on the chart but wont be making too many decisions  based off of it.I am just very use to gauging what I need to be looking for by it.

No 5min stoch,no 5 and 15 min matrix bars.

Plenty of info available on the chart as it is.

:nerd:

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Snap - check my post in my old thread and LOL, so you are working on a Saturday afternoon too

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Hahahha.No rest for the mind after a week like this where so much changed and happened.The only time I spend away from the computer is when Im sleeping,running,cooking or when my wife commands my presence!

Read your post and I agree completely.Lets see what this week brings for us mortals.

Really need to buckle down and get it under the belt so that we can stop building and tweaking and just trade.Look at  Strada.He didn't change anything expect the MTF Stoch to the Ultra Stoch and nailed it this week.Looking forward to seeing some of his charts in Feb that man understand 1min PA like nobody else I've seen! When he says he does not do loosing days he means it.

Unfortunately my wife is doing that command thing and I have to go as it is summer here in South-Africa and there a BBQ ( a braai ) to get started as it nearly 18:00 here.

Enjoy your weekend and see you Monday.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Ha - she who must be obeyed - enjoy your braai .......as its winter here, I've been asked (commanded?) to fire up my wok.....LOL, a man's work is never done....

--- 帖子 #312 ---
When I save as picture in MT4, the file is locked and has a picture of a lock on it. any ideas? I can see the file on my computer, but when I want to attach the file here it is not shown.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
I went long EURAUD at 02:03 at 1.57454 ... 1/2 off at 554....TS hit at 658

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Morning

Try FILE, SAVE AS PICTURE, ACTIVE CHART (as is) , Choose where you want to save ie desk top etc, done

Regards Anthm

--- 帖子 #315 ---
that is exactly what i did.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Two trades for me this morning,

UJ  + 4.3     Bad decision to enter here late entry, too early in the day and approaching news, realized my error and did not let it turn into a loss

GJ  +64.2    Very fruitful and only wish it was always this easy, (last Friday morning I may add was definitely not this easy, I personally took a hit then.)

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Sorry cant help,

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Nice trades Anthm....great way to start a week.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Cheers, thank you, was on the verge of packing it in after Fridays session,

Early days early days this week, just striving for no loosing days they are what's hurting my account.

The wins always come its managing the losses that I am finding difficult.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
What part of managing them? Letting them run too far? Compounding them by trying to "get it back"? Or not being patient for clean setups?

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Yes all of the above, I have a tendency to over trade so I will take more risky signals than perhaps others would which I am happy with HOWEVER I try and maintain a discipline of getting out quick if I recognize its not working and a lot of the time I am slow on this, and yes once in a hole I try and seek revenge on the market needless to say this never works.

Yes I am letting losers run to far before I get out.

Any suggestion?

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Discipline yourself to take clean setups. The odds are in your favor.  At th end of the week go back and look at your clean setups.  What did they do, how did they perform? Then look at the "more risky" setups that you are happy with  (although I do not believe that).  How did they perform.

The goal is to take the setups when the odds are in your favor. If you have fewer of them so be it, stop trading out of boredom...focus on clean setups ONLY for two weeks. Once you recognize the effect they have on your account, you can increase your risk per trade.  It does not take long to build an account.  If you don't develop discipline, you will slowly slip under water until you drown.

I have a strong feeling it is not the clean setups that are the problem.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Death by a  thousand cuts. Limit yourself to perhaps 1 or 2 trades per session....I don't know if you do this full time or not. Fear of missing out etc......the point of this is not to beat oneself up for missing trades...it is to make money.  Trade the first two hours of whatever session is available. If there are numbers during that time, wait for the market to settle, cycle, and look for a fresh setup.

I don;t want to take up too much of this thread with this discussion.  Feel free to PM me any time.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Morning panamakmike

When you save as picture the it opens it in new browser tab and gives you a url .

You can just ops the url if you like : http://www.mql5.com/en/charts/135824...apital-markets

OR

You can press alt and print screen together and the go to the  Paint program and paste and save it as a jpeg or any format that FF allows.

Whole process takes less than a minute.

So you can post the url or the picture

Hope this helps.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Morning anthm.

Nearly 70 pips in the bank there!

Great trading.GJ seems nice.I dont know to much about it but am looking forward to try and trade it this week.

Are you trading London Open?

Rooi

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Thanks Rooi,

Yes plan is to trade LO, very cautiously I might add in order not to give this mornings profit back.

trust you had a good weekend , the pic of the Bar B Q was great,

anthm

--- 帖子 #327 ---
LOL.

Yes was good.

Spent some time on the charts and got some rest.

How was your weekend?

Nice discussion you have going with Panamamike there.

If you dont mind me asking but what is your daily target?

--- 帖子 #328 ---
I have a daily Target of 20-30 , in view of late last years discussion on Gen thread re ten pips a day is enough etc, I feel as usual RJ rightly nailed that home for those that needed the advice i.e. myself.

After saying that I don't want to be scared to trade so if daily target is exceeded in Tokyo session I see no reason not to trade London also, (providing I have the time of coarse) I figure the profits wont come in if I am sitting on the sidelines and I also figure the 20-30 is a daily average target so need better days to compensate for lesser days. What I definitely would not have done is reentered on the Tokyo session after taking my healthy profit this morning.

Regards

Anth

--- 帖子 #329 ---
I have the same target.

Your reasoning sounds very logical to me.

Lets see what FO does here.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
+ 14 on GJ.

UJ going up GU going down so GJ not running yet.

EJ doing better this morning

--- 帖子 #331 ---
GM - EU and GU down, so only allowed to trade UJ.....BB squeeze, M15 stoch remained above the 50 level.....buy in 07:00 bar and exit in

7:17 bar after matrix starts to turn red for 15 pips

Edit -  towards mid FH both EU and GU turned up when their 5m matrixes went all green, so EJ and GJ became buys....

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Nice work Gents,

I gave back some of my Tokyo profit on a way way to early EU short and now not prepared to risk any more of my profit today,

chat tomorrow.

Anthm

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Nicely done on the UJ.I never trade it as I only use it to gauge the crosses.

They did line up a bit and gave a nice run.Working on the patience

Rooi

--- 帖子 #334 ---
+ 13 on EJ

Nice and responsive with good SL and so a good R:R

Thats me for today all though I will be here for the rest of the day.:nerd:

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Nice trading!

See you tomorow

--- 帖子 #336 ---
I was in that too - a bit later as waiting for confirmation as the M15 stoch was still in the buy zone....also, GU was a buy earlier......at mid FH....

--- 帖子 #337 ---
We just have to watch the correlations and the patience for the exits.

I always like your opinions as they thought out rationally

--- 帖子 #338 ---
BB squeeze, matrix turned red, stochs dropped out of buy zone, EU down and then UJ turned down too......WRB with very H Vol so exit in next bar for +24

--- 帖子 #339 ---
I've updated my 5m multi screen for my second monitor.....now M15 stoch (orchid) with Alien type 5m Green coloured stoch plus 5m matrix - easier to read the very visual signals - also ASCTrend on price chart

--- 帖子 #340 ---
This is what mine looks like.

Overview on the left and trading on the right.I can change to any TF on the chart

We look at it in a very similar way all though still very different

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Looks like you were not far off.What type of witchcraft is this

--- 帖子 #342 ---
You might wanna try the greenshot app it's very reliable in fact I just installed it on a borrowed laptop from which I'm trading less than 15 mins now.

I tried uploading it but getting an error message, I got it from FF so you just google it on FF or on the web.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
I also use my multi monitor for at the higher TFs - so this morning I printed out 4 hour price only charts for easy reference - layout, colours are very personal - whatever we see as individuals.

Now its "sit on hands time" whilst we wait for the next move - I'm watching my 5m multi for BB squeezes to develope

--- 帖子 #344 ---
I missed this opportunity.....look at the action shortly after 9:45.....GU M15 stoch was holding above its 50 level and GU did a little fakeout to the lower BB and then bounced - a frequent move ......UJ had put in a low and was already above its MAs and the M15 stoch moved up out of the sell zone ....GJ started to move up after its BB squeeze and then pulled back to its 25 EMA as its M15 stoch came out of its sell zone so buy as its matrix turns blue in the 9:49 bar.

GJ then moves up ~ 50 pips to hit its **75 SS in a high volumed WRB

--- 帖子 #345 ---
I had to send my laptop to the techies in my office since it seems some files were corrupt and I had to install my platform on another laptop but I tried loading my indie and templates on the platform but they just would not load.

I had to download from the platform all I could but I'm not satisfied with the mtf Stochastic though I shouldnot blame my losses on it.

Any ideas how to load the indies it seems this is a new build of MT4

--- 帖子 #346 ---
3 trades 2 losses 1 win net loss

--- 帖子 #347 ---
I was in before the pop.

I jumped the gun on the siganal as Im use to my MA being slow but saw the high forming.

My normal thought process to get in the trade is

1st  Signal bars forms and closes

2nd I mark the high of the candle or area

Then enter on break of the area.

Im loving the Gen so far.I can see why strada killed it because it works really nicely

Anyway.I ams till ironing out the creases on my thought process but I will be keeping the setup of the system the way I have it now for at least 8weeks before I will allow myself to change anything

Rooi

--- 帖子 #348 ---
That makes sense and I am hoping to do the same.. - provided these Ultra stochs behave....

After the hit on the **75 SS GJ "rested" for ~half an hour, allowing it to catch up with its 25 EMA and the M5 stoch to get down to its 50 level and so show another buying opportunity a couple of bars after 10:30  for further 50 pip rally

Now its at the 38% retrace of Fridays big fall and close to an S&R level ~170.15....

--- 帖子 #349 ---
what is the reasoning for the 5M US setting at 8,3,3 and the 15M at 11,3,3? Just personal preference?

--- 帖子 #350 ---
I agree and agree some more with all of the above.

Important to keep the eye on the correlation and we will have some good runs on the crosses to really milk it when its nicely correlated like this at the moment.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Yes,  - my settings remain WIP and subject to change.....

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Blast - I downloaded a new unzipping program last week and that was a BIG error, as somehow its added some unwanted Widgets that I can't find and they are driving me nuts - any ideas guys on how to find these hidden nasties - in simple language please as I'm not very 'puter literate.....they seem to come from widgets xros view . com.......

--- 帖子 #353 ---
What browser you using?

EDIT : Are you sure its a widget and not an extension on the web browser as that is normally what installs?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_widget
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Browser_extension

--- 帖子 #354 ---
30min RSI divergence at the 38.2 retrace of Fridays move .... today HOD

--- 帖子 #355 ---
I just finished an anti virus scan and it removed a Trojan Horse, so I will do a reboot and see if that has fixed it....

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Hope its sorted

--- 帖子 #357 ---
+25 on GJ

Took as small loss on EJ

Oh well

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Bloody ads are still appearing, so that scan didn't fix the problem....

Good job GJ's keeping me happy.....another rest and off it goes again for another 50+ pips....the SSs are really working well.....will it get to the 50% retrace at 170.69 before NY...TWT

--- 帖子 #359 ---
I know whats wrong(its an extension that installed) what browser are you using?

PM me

--- 帖子 #360 ---
+20 on GJ

Thats me for today!

--- 帖子 #361 ---
well done ....PM sent....

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Went long GJ at 170.21 at 15:34....out at 170.40 +19

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Very nice!

Have you found found what you were looking for in regard to the chart posting?

--- 帖子 #364 ---
My account rep with my  broker is away until Wednesday.  I will take it up with him when he gets back. It has to be something internal.  I was able to post some charts (did not do it often) before with my previous broker using the save as picture etc.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
No probs.Would love to see your entries on the chart as it is so much clearer  on how a person finds their entry.Even on a 60sec candle there is so many things that we can see regarding the entry technique

:nerd:

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Islander,

I see in your chart posting that you have one set of levels for the Ultrastoch window. Which one did you choose? When I have both the 5 and 5 showing levels, they are somewhat different.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Ah - so I'll tell you my little trick....I only use one of the stochs to give me the 50 level, the other has no levels and I use the Horizontal Line tool to add the 20 & 80 levels.....

PS  Rooi - so far so good ....thanks

PSS A typical pre data resting period before the US data in 20 mins....

PSSS I also set my minimum to -5 and my maximum to +105 in the common tab....

--- 帖子 #368 ---
As soon as the problem is solved my friend I will post them all.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Thanks for the tip.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
No probs

So what are your trading times?

24/5  or just the opens or what?

--- 帖子 #371 ---
You dont even want to know how long it took me to solve that problem the first time.

So when downloading always be aware of what you agree to as the have to ask you permission to install it.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
For me the most important Asian session is the opening of the week.  I then trade Tokyo when there are numbers or when JPY is the dominant focus like this week.  Take a nap before  London  Trade a few hours of London, the another nap...trade US until London close.  I sleep again in the afternoon until Tokyo open.  Fridays I crash like Zepplin on fire.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
hahaha

I can imagine.Might look into but for now happy with LO and NY open.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Those are ny focus as well.  Tokyo is very situational for me.  A man has gotta sleep sometime.

Another beautiful GPY short just completed. Shorted at 170.12 stop at 37....out half at 01...remainder exited at just above pivot at 81.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Many thanks Islander for your time in developing and improving your stoch settings for UltraS.  If they stay this accurate, you will get a big fat Christmas bonus

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Nice trading.

Just saw the short now at the end and now its running to the long side again.

So far so good.

See you guys for FO tomorrow.

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Hi

I wonder if you waited for ribbon to turn green to enter this trade or maybe price jump above both MAs is enough. Can you show  your entry candle, please?

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Ok.  I even tried to save the URL and upload from there.  I get Error: Invalid file

What is really strange is that within Metatrader I can not even create a new file.  I am running MT4 on VMware fusion 5 on my Mac.  Not sure where the problem lies.  I tried to use Pickpic, but when it creates the file, as soon as I try ot save or in anyway interact with it, it drops into the background.  Totally frustrated.  Any thoughts, PM me please.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
GM - in the 11:47 bar as the matrix turned all blue - just the turn of the 25 ema with price closing above it is sufficient, provided the matrix and stochs agree with the entry...the ribbon itself is always slow on turns....

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Morning Guys!

Here is Stoch that I (Islander,panamamike) is using ad a screen shot of the settings.So the other line is just set to the background color and so it looks like its not there.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #381 ---
or set the background to "none" with width as 0

all rather flat into FO after a quieter AustralAsian session - the only mover I noticed was GJ a couple of hours ago - oh, and EA too....

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Hi Panamamike

I only know PC's sorry mate.No clue about MAc's

Hopefully somebody can shed some light on it for us

Rooi

--- 帖子 #383 ---
I have found a couple of things online....will work on them when i get a chance

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Thank you ,

I am just not sure what the single line represents? when the single line changes colour is that like a cross in the fast and slow line of the conventional stochastic?

Further to that does it means we cant se how wide the mouth is? am I on the right track?

Regard

anthm

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Ill write how I see it straight after LO trades finish

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Here is the other version that shows two lines, so you should be able to see the mouth....

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Whilst waiting for LO - I have had some questions about the ribbon.....first, its a very visual trend indicator - the wider the red / green band, the stronger the trend, so do NOT trade against it!.

Second, it will always be slow at the turns, so I just watch the fast EMA -( now the 25EMA and my 60 is now also an EMA) and allow myself to enter as soon as price crosses it AND the line changes colour....I hope this helps.....

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Morning again

My question is for those using the color line Stoch,

I have attached a shot of it up against the normal ultra stoch two lines

Obviously you three (Islander, Panama and Rooi ) are using the bottom stoch in the example I have given with the green line or slower moving line blacked out.

So your using the blue and red line only but I see the blue and red line changing colour has no correlation to a cross.

Just wondering if you could explain how your using it or with what rules you are applying to it for your entrys.

Only if you have time of coarse

Kind Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #389 ---
- 3.3 on a tough morning in my opinion

Cant say I didn't try

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Hmmmm....one trade for me... A Short EA shhhhhhhhortly after FO. Worked very well.  Wat was your trade? Was it a fresh signal? NO GBP trading for me until after GDP numbers due in 1 hr.

Sorry, the image did not come up when i was typing my response.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
FWIW, I personally do not trade off the 1 min in isolation.  I  trade EA and GJ, with MArty's set up on 5 min and 15m charts.  When they agree with the 1 min using ultrastoch they have been excellent trades.

****edit...keep n mind he sample size has been small so far

--- 帖子 #392 ---
+0.6 on this  ( -2.7)

Taking a  break from it till after the news.

Could have finished off better with the last trade.Just shows how our(my) mental stated deteriorates after a bit of a whipshawing.

EDIT : Just had to stick to my guns as the UJ was making new high's on every push.OH well we live and we learn

--- 帖子 #393 ---
This morning I was monitoring 1m GU and UJ as well as the 5m charts.....the 1m allowed me to take this trade..

Ref. the Ultra Stochs, for me its their levels that are most important.  M15 < 20 = Sell Zone, so only sell.  M15 > 80 = Buy Zone, only Buy.  Above the 50 Level, Buy with care.  Below 50, sell with care.  Then use the cycles of the 5m stoch - together with the matrix and 25 ema - to time entries.

That's the simple version - monitoring higher TFs etc is also part of the process.....

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Hope your still in that EA, what time was your entry?

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Here we go Ill try and explain as best possible

Lines number in chart

#1 Your stock crosses but flat on top of each other (leaving a bit of doubt)

My stock is blue and I have no doubt

Normal stoc is starting to open and it tells you,you can go long

color stoch is blue and so is long.

#2 Then lines up the matrix for me as I dont have the bottom two bars then siganl bar high gets taken out and I can enter if I want

#3 Normal stoch line sits on top of each other.

color stoch is red so no doubt for me

Also the matrix lines up so I can draw a sinal line but price does not break it so no entry

#4 Normal one starts to open but Im not too happy because they are sitting on top of each other really.

color stoch blue so now Im waiting for the matrix

#5 matrix lines up

#6 breaks the signal line and Im long and no problem with my stoch to figure out what is is doing as I just glance down to see the color as I need to focus on the PA

#7 & 8 leaves the normal stoch lines on each other while I just have glance and chech the color on the color changing stoch

#9 is easy as the color stoch is red then matrix turns red  followed by the signal line(the high or low of the signal candel) gets taken out and im short.

All in all it leaves much less to for me to think about because there is plenty to take into considereation already I just want to check the color of the stock not try to figure out which side the line is and if it opening or closing.Is this the only way to do it?Certainly not.Look at Strada's charts he has the old school ultraStoch.

Down to how and what you need to find out from the indicator.

Hope this help

--- 帖子 #396 ---
nice one - I don't have EA on my first watch list - perhaps I should add it.....

--- 帖子 #397 ---
1.5582 .... trailing stp took me out at   46

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Sound interesting.Let see how it develops.develops. Plenty of info and variations going round at the moment so there is bound to be lots of helpful information to take in everywhere.

Nice trade on EA

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Nice Explanation

Thank you Rooi

well explained

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Too close to news to trade GU / GJ, so now in EJ.....Buy signal in 9:09 bar....looking for the BRN

--- 帖子 #401 ---
OK that was close and with the WRB on high volume - a marubozo - and no follow through, I'll take those pips

Note the Ultra Stoch signals.....M15 stays in the Buy / OB zone and M5 & matrix with a BB squeeze show when to get in.....

--- 帖子 #402 ---
I am going to let things settle...and cycle again...time to catch a few zzzzzzzsss.  See you for NY

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Nice example.Good clean pips

--- 帖子 #404 ---
My problems solved, yesterday was a bleeding day so I just would not take any trades with that repainting mtf Stoch I used yesterday. Missed some great set-ups while searching for my solution.

Panamamike should really try the Greenshot app it's simply no stress screencapturing.

http://getgreenshot.org/

--- 帖子 #405 ---
+ 7

--- 帖子 #406 ---
I am thinking that for the US session I should be taking a look at the Loonie as its all "that side of the pond"....just closed a small test run and also a long GJ for a few...

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Has anyone looked at using a currency meter to select the pairs to trade in a specific session?

--- 帖子 #408 ---
I have tried one and it often confirmed what I was already looking at.....IMO there is a limited number of contracts that are for serious trading and its not difficult to see which session gives their best moves...

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Sat and watched that happen and just did nothing.

Im just focusing on the GJ and EJ for now.But if you can make some then there is no reason not to

--- 帖子 #410 ---
I agree with Islander.Plenty to trade with what we have.But Im not saying its not worth it I use to look at the USDX ,EURX when I use to trade just EU

--- 帖子 #411 ---
I agree with ISanlder

Plenty action on the pairs we are watching but there is always more action everywhere.

Its worth looking into I use to use the USDx and EURx when I focused on just EU trading

--- 帖子 #412 ---
If anyone wants to see what I call a NOT for serious trading currency - take a look at UsdTry yesterday morning.....

Blasted ads are here again, even after installing the recommended chrome AdBlock, which tells me how many its stopping....

--- 帖子 #413 ---
I am having e same issue on my laptop, so I monitor the thread on my ipad.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Long EA at 1.5546 on 16:24 bar

half off +14...SL moved +1

****looking for. Retest of 1.56 area fwiw

--- 帖子 #415 ---
ah - those funny pad things are a bit advanced for me - I still like signal flags and morse code - but I do have a desk top, so I use that when I get really frustrated.....took a few more from the loonie whilst waiting to see if cable and fibre will offer anything

PS nice EA trade...

--- 帖子 #416 ---
install this islander http://www.malwarebytes.org/lp/lp4/?...FWXnwgodajwAmA

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Regardless, will look to lock in prior to US  cons confidence at 10:00

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Initial rejection at daily S1.....SL moved to 64 +20

--- 帖子 #419 ---
thanks - I will try it....

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Nice going.Raking in the pips

Im packing it in for today as I have to nip out for a bit.

See you guys later or in the morning.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Out at 71....+25.....done until after news

--- 帖子 #422 ---
OK - BFN - which on my version of the Urban Dic comes up FIRST......I wonder why.....

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Mmmm.....4 pips off the high....   and agreed, sit on hands time....

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Aftertradng today I am going to fix a registry problem that is preventing me from oping new folders in Windos, then give this program a shot.  I just played with it on my laptop and i like it very much.  thanks.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
You are welcome, hope you find it the solution you need.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Ok.....solved most of my problems with this and can now post trades

Thank you everybody for your assistance.

--- 帖子 #428 ---
I am thinking Yen weakness between now and NYO tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
First trade posted....Long GJ at 170.56....initial sSL 170.379...T 170.90

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Exit 51 -5 took outlast pullback low

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Check out spybot
http://download.cnet.com/Spybot-Sear...-10122137.html

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Quick 20 on short EA off of Tokyo Open

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Nice one,

I got burnt on an opposite trade, short on AU 1 minute after TO.

Panama I cant see exactly where you entered or exited on any of your chrarts

Regards

Anthm

EDIT. Long AU now, entry 35 minutes after TO

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Zoom in on the pic.  There is a little arrow red arrow with white outline that shows the entry.  The red dash line above is the SL.  Th red dash below is the TP.  They  are generated by the script I use for order entry.  I can see if i can change the color of the entry arrow.

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Its only catch up unfortunately but will work out a small win for the Tokyo session.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Ok I got it now cheers,

I have the same trouble on Islanders and Intrepids charts, the reason being I don't place orders on MT4 so don't know what it appears like.

did you get back on that EA?

--- 帖子 #437 ---
no I did not get back in. In Asian sessions without a big Eco release, I basically look for quick hitters on clean set ups.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Well it worked for you this morning,

I am out now have to settle for +3 only for the session.

Off for a swim, I imagining you don't sleep much.

See you for London

anthm

--- 帖子 #439 ---
FWIW....this is what I look at for both EA and GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Morning guys

Thanks for the charts panamamike and nice trade

Anthm at least your green for the session

GL for FO

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Morning Islander,

Just re reading your post from yesterday, interesting how you only sell when M15 stoch is low, below 50 and preferably below 20. and you only Buy when M15 stoch is high above 50 and  preferably above 80. Others may think these 80 levels is too overbought and the 20 level too oversold for the M15 stoch, Obviously adding to your confirmations, I see obviously you do very well. Your EJ long trade yesterday was lovely.

Kind Regards

anthm

--- 帖子 #442 ---
GM - notice that after the 1m UJ turned down in mid FH all we then had to do was watch for EU / GU to do the same and then sell EJ / GJ for 20 or so pips

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Nice,

so what now??

LOL

--- 帖子 #444 ---
+ 18

Late to the party on the second entry.Might have to forgo the London Open every now and again in the coming months as I have other responsibilities as well as Im not full time yet.Will have to focus on NY and Maybe even Asian session till end of April when I should start freeing up a lot better.Too much going on at the moment elsewhere.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Well done.  Just woke up from a small nap. Good trading to all.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Was good I agree.Should have held it this morning but multitasking not working so well.

Often the UJ leads the way like that

Did you get the 20 pips?

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Thanks.

You got some in Asia which gives you the right to nap in LO if you want...

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Napped through FO....awake for LO.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Yes - and I just closed a small long too - UJ and GU went into a BB squeeze which is a great alert   buy was in the 8:10 bar....

Whilst there is no higher TF trend, I am just trading off the 1m and allowed to enter as soon as the stochs move out of the OB / OS zone for an agressive entry....

--- 帖子 #450 ---
GBPJPY classic example of LO reversal of Frankie opening hour.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Yes not wrong there,

hope your on it

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Agreed, the move being led by GU and UJ failed to join in with its M15 stoch holding under the 50 level thus restricting GJ's rally.....

--- 帖子 #453 ---
No trade for me...I took a pass.  There will be many good opportunities today.  It will be a long one with Fed in the afternoon US session and NZ rate decision in Asia. Besides EA and GA had much cleaner setups.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Nothing restricting GJ's rally.  Should go to around 173 before retreating.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
It was absolute déjà vu for me, almost exactly the same as my AU this morning on TO open except on the EU.

Short 2 minutes after LO for a loss than long entry 16 minutes after LO for good profit.

Once again catch up with a small net profit.

Once again if only I could curb my losses things would be swimming along.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
+15

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Morning TradeJoe.

Nice to have you posting here

Do you trade MTF Stoch and GEN?

Do you trade all the crosses or majors?

Good luck and good pipping to you sir

--- 帖子 #458 ---
And of all things the UJ to get me over the line for my daily target.

Seems your right Islander about that Stoch positions

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Agreed.Hope you made some

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Great stuff.

PS.Nice chart

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Hi Rooi, No, No and Yes.

if you want to make profit this week, trade usdcad, gbpcad, gbpjpy and eurcad long on weakness and eurgbp short on strenght.

good luck

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Looking into cad already

Do you mind sharing what you do use?

Thanks for the heads up

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Honestly I don't use anything.  Just the charts. Here is a image of one of my charts.

With one caveat... I do use the fib tool sometimes.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
What happened to the GJ rally? Maybe some indicators would help, just a thought.

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #465 ---
I think you will find the Title of this thread has 1 minute charts in it.

"Multiple Time Frame Stochastic trading using 1min charts"

Kind Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #466 ---
well UJ's higher TF stochs turned down before FO and whilst it found support at yesterdays high, that broke and became resistance and it could not turn its M15 stoch back above that 50 level.....so in a BB pinch with the M5 cycled back to ~90 and down it went.....so look to see which pair was bearish and it was GU so watch GJ for a sell.....it too had a BB pinch and then turned down.......sell  a little after 9:00 gmt for a 70 pip fall

PS cable's low was a high volumed, long green hammer with its low on the DP

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Here's the chart - I am now putting on solid coloured lines to show entry and exit signals....check on your own charts as they may obscure things.....low was a WRB (a marubozo) with high volume ~a level and no follow through.....LOL, how many times have I said that....  I'm finished for now....blasted ads have returned, so I guess I need my 'puter guy to take a look - a right PIA

--- 帖子 #468 ---
before I go, take a look at this EA chart - a classic buy in that last BB pinch as the M5 stoch cycled down to the 50 level with the M15 holding in the OB / Buy Zone.....up 87 pips from when the matrix turned all blue...   thanks panamamike for reminding me to put it on my watch list

PS chart from my desktop - GMT +2

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Hi Islander,

nice trades, may you please post your template, I know indicators but can't get same setup of charts. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
that completes an Outside day on GJ.  Yesterdays high taken out earlier....now the low.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
A lot of risk taken off the board and perhaps some bets that they pause the Taper given recent US eco news.  IMO that is highly unlikely.  It would be too reactionary and raise credibility issues as Yellen starts her reign.  There should be some great trading against the Yen later today.  Just my .02

Of course I will trade whatever happens, but it will be a fast and furious move IMO.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
I see that M15 stoch is between 50 and 80 levels. As you write few posts ago in this area we should look for cautious long entry. Now you sell in this area.  Does it mean that this sell entry is very, very agresive one?

By the way, what is your BB settings?

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Will be to fast for me.I just panic to easily in news like that

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Man they moved it and I didn't know.Sitting on my hands and didnt take the GJ long because I thought he was speaking now

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Iwan I could not have asked that question better myself.

as you will see earlier I questioned Islander on that subject myself.

I am sure an explanation will be soon to follow after todays haul of pips is complete.

Regards

anth,

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Hi - first as I mistakenly installed my MT4 the old way and in the Program Files, this version does not allow me to post templetes.  My BBs are Period 30 and MA Type 1.  Please ask if you need any further info.

Second - my apologies for not explaining my use of the Stochs correctly - I was hurrying to reply to a PM for a newer trader and did not explain myself well.

So the OB/ OS zones are for continuations and whilst the M15 remains there, I am only trading in that direction.

Once the M15 moves out of a zone and has changed to the opposite colour above (below) the 50 take a cautious trade in the new direction.  When the 50 has been broken and held in the new direction take a normal trade in the new direction - or add to the existing trade.  All this is when / if allowed by the matrix and 25 ema.

This remains work in progress and also my trades are agressive and for advanced, experienced traders at their own risk.

My apologies for any missunderstanding

Regards

Islander

PS Please also remember that the Ultra stochs are only 1 out of half a dozen inputs for an entry and that for a Yen Cross I am also considering the same inputs for its two constituent pairs....I have stated this many times....

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Islander, it´s hard to catch this agressive trades because I´m not an experienced trader. But I´m trying to do as similar as you.

Thank you for all your explanations and charts, you are the man. I hope this work in progress will be completed soon.

Best Regards

Iggo

--- 帖子 #478 ---
thanks Iggo - its best to start with just one major pair - EU, GU or even UJ.  The Yen crosses and especially GJ - aka The Dragon - are more difficult to trade.

Right now, I am in a plain UJ short as EU and GU are not in harmony with UJ......

--- 帖子 #479 ---
EUR/JPY falling like the Winnepeg River.

I do not know when it will stop or when to get out.....HHmmmmm!!!!

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Look this is the Daily chart.  I expect a turn around at the monthly pivot (@ 139.11) or at the Week-Down pivot (@ 138.59) to shoot back up.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
EU is turning up - where do you see UJ going from here - its already moved 120 pips today vs its 10 day ADR of 87 pips.....EJ has moved 202 pips vs its 10 ADR of 113....

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Nice run I agree

Where did you get in

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Look Here Rooi.

I am out here......, See how the Bands are squooshed there.  It appears there is no more room for it to go down.  But I will wait again for another entry when the stoch cuts again.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
I agree UJ getting into a nice area to look for long and UJ to start getting exhausted

--- 帖子 #485 ---
I see:nerd:

Are the vertical pink/purple lines your entries?

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Hello Islander,

EU, GU, UJ, EY, GY they all turn to move in same direction.  EU/CHF move in opposite direction.  Only that some of them have longer legs while others have shorter legs.  The ones with longer legs have greater strides........, so I kinda prefer the once with longer strides......, LOL !!!

--- 帖子 #487 ---
You bet.

They are very good for scalping and for long term trades.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
+18.9 dont trust this bounce just yet so just a 4min Scalp

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I reckon we will now range here till later when FOMC happens as this is a big demand area in my opinion

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Looking forward to more of your charts and examples as the approach seems interesting.:nerd: :nerd:

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Look my man!!

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Great trade

I'm certainly with you on "long legs" - and I can't wait for summer to return so that we can see more of them ......however, whilst EU and GU do often move in the same direction, UJ does its own thing and usually dictates what EJ and GJ do.  Today the Yen has been heavily bought exacerbating the smaller ( ~80 pip) falls in EU and GU.

Remember a 50 pip move in UJ currently translates as 70 pips in EJ and 84 pips in GJ

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Please explain the math as I dont know the formula or is just a measurement of the waves roughly

--- 帖子 #493 ---
EJ and GJ started out - I believe I am correct - as synthetic crosses.....now they are heavily traded and have a life of their own and often influence their "parents"

To get the value of the cross multiply the values of its two base pairs.......so EurUsd x UsdJpy = EurJpy and Gbp x UsdJpy = GbpJpy.   I'm certain you can work out the remainder of the maths....

PS Just banked a few from a long short legged euro as I didnt see any nice long legged yens about....

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Ill try and get back to you

--- 帖子 #495 ---
I am definitely with you on that.  Keep up with the great help you are providing     .

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Thats me for today.See you guys in the morning

--- 帖子 #497 ---
OK - I am reading with my audio alerts set in case there is a move into the London Fix - catch you around FO.....

--- 帖子 #498 ---
What time does it happen as I have never looked into it before.Might be worth looking at and doing some number crunching

--- 帖子 #499 ---
4pm UK - currently that is GMT too....if you are going to look at numbers, you should take in the period from say 15:30 GMT until ~17:00GMT so as to get the whole of the European Closes.....

--- 帖子 #500 ---
I will check back in around 1:30pm  Eastern

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Thanks Islander for clearing that up. Well understood now.

And yes I don't mind the a pair of "Long Legs" Myself.

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Nice week your having Rooi,

well done

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Thanks anthm and the same to you.

GL for the session

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Guys look at the bounces around the monthly pivot.  I took several bounces at 139.16 and exited at 139.40

Easy and fast pips.

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Rally's not done yet. I said you buy on dips, never buy on strength or sell on weekness. Good luck

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Please post charts with entries and/or exits otherwise we dont see what you mean.

Thanks you

Rooi

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Please post entries and exits times or preferably mark it on the chart  as well as giving us the amount of pips so that we can see exactly what you mean.

Thank you

Rooi

--- 帖子 #508 ---
+ 43.9 for Frankie hour on EJ

Once again playing catch up from very sad, slow, woeful Asian session,

M15 Ultra stoch exited from 80 area and crossed 50

--- 帖子 #509 ---
+22 EJ

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Mostly i do scalping by using Genesis trading system on M1. It is my part time hobby. some trades are here.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Nice one and Rooi too - I missed it

I have changed my M15 stoch to 8,3,3 for a faster response and will also take a partial entry - subject to the other indys - once the M15 comes out of the OB / OS zone....WIP....

PS  The dollar was bought from FO and retraced to  61% of yesterday's fall.....thus EU and GU dropped....

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Nice, same same hay?

Maybe we both been listening to the same coach

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Very nicely done sir.Simple and easy

--- 帖子 #514 ---
I agree.Says a lot for the consistency of the entry requirements.It means it very repeatable and logical.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Thank you.

Looking forward to hearing how the faster Stoch plays out.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Thanks for sharing.Will you drop the trades on the chart next time so we can see the entries a bit better please.

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Continuation EU which just locked me in for my daily profit target, T3 still running

EDIT: T3 stopped total 23.9

I am done

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Very nice feeling to have

--- 帖子 #519 ---
See similar approach here !!

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Evening,

Not many scalpers here that I know of, more intra day trading using 1M charts for entry's.

How's your scalping? what sort of risk to reward are you looking for? How many pips would you scalp on a good trade?

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Might as well catch a dip in the pool then

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #522 ---
good to know - I was finding that I wanted to enter earlier, so best to update my rules....

--- 帖子 #523 ---
It would be even greater to post your rules here (as well as your indies if they are not proprietary)so us wannabe pip pirates can learn from one of the best.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Hi Mike.

Hope all is well.

What you think about Yen for the rest of the week

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Very clinical execution, good job.

Did you enter 3 lots or one lot and scaled out?

Your screenshot is just text book example I'm saving it to the archives!

--- 帖子 #526 ---
please read up on my posts - both here and in my old thread - and you will find that info AND the comment that it remains Work In Progress......all of the indicators and my up to date settings have also been posted ......the regulars here are often posting similar entries and so its just a matter of a little work....

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Hi

I use Genesis rules and look for the price movement, when stoch is at 20 or 80 after that Once direction is confirmed i open multiple positions. Sometimes i also use retracement to get some pips. My target for day is only 10 to 15 pips. I am thinking to join trading for full time because contract of my job is going to end. I just get 2 0r 3 pips and close the trade and then wait to open new position. As you have seen that there was down movement from Pivot to Support so it was the best time for scalp.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Oh sorry, i place trades manually so there is no arrow pointed but next time i will post arrow manually.

Regards

--- 帖子 #529 ---
I find the BBs very useful.....wait for the 1m pinch / squeeze and then check the indys  for an entry.....take care with the fake-outs as price often tests the other BB before its move   after LO was typical....

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Line No.1

I wasnt shure that it is good  entry so i pass it. I thought that price could reverse because of Stoch M15.

Would you enter that trade guys?

Line No.2

Short entry. Stoch M15 in OS area and Stoch M5 made cycle to OB. Exit 12 pips below entry.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Thank you for the kind words.

Yes what ever I enter I divide it by three for different profit takes TP 1, 2 and 3, on the reverse of that if my short entry is say 139.60 and I get stopped out at 139.72 that is 12 pip but I will times that by three and I will call it a 36 pip loss. So it works both ways.

You can blame my coach

Kind regards

anthm

--- 帖子 #533 ---
the arrows look like Xaphod's ASCTrend indicator......interesting idea for scalping...

I was just in a small EJ buy as EU and UJ started to turn up as UJ moved out of a pinch.........

--- 帖子 #534 ---
With respect the answer is in the chart , you would have done very very well if you entered. I don't play coach her on the forum one little bit however in my opinion you can not make money if you don't enter and that is an blatant fact.

Edit1:

entry 2 worked, so providing you did not have any loss for the day your doing well. (normally I take a loss and have to play catch up)

Edit2:

I have just worked out why you may not have entered that trade on the position of that Stoch position. In reference to yesterdays conversation regarding Stoch position between You, Islander and myself I think you will find in the wash up  Islander said if the stoch is leaving the 20 or 80 zone he will cautiously take a trade and then once it has past the 50 he will be more comfortable and then further to this if it continues to the next 20 or 80 zone he may enter as a continuation trade and therefore at a possible reduced stake. (please Islander advise if I have this wrong).

Difficult to explain please PM if its not clear.

Once again I am not playing coach I am simply qualifying the conversation of yesterday.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Islander, I am having difficulty trading cable. Which pairs provide the most (reliable) trades do you think? Any particular ones to avoid?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Yes i know that this signal would pay a lot of pips. But intention of my question was different.

If we didnt know what has happened after that signal (line No.1 on my chart) can we say that it is strong entry signal or weak? Is it High Probability Trade or not?

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Hi Iwan

Let me ask you like this seeing as trading is not really a team sport when we decide to enter the market we do it by our self.

Why did you put line 1 where it is ? What was the reason?

Why did you put line 2 where it is?

--- 帖子 #538 ---
+ 14 on EJ

Missed a lot of good trading opportunities due to other work I had to do.

Now sitting on my hands till the USD news is done

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Hi Figgsey - we all go through phases when our trading is not up to par and taking a couple of days away from the screen can work wonders.

You could  change to fibre which is less volatile than cable - or you might take a look at EurAud which does seem to have nice clear moves - I have added this to my watch list.   Two clear moves so far today....

Good luck

Islander

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Why all the vertical lines.I see some time they are separated equally and other times not.Are you marking something on the chart?

Hows the session going ?

--- 帖子 #541 ---
the lines came from an Ultra stoch indy and yes, timing is important....

Two recent buy signals in EJ after it held for a nice little double bottom......now flat, waiting for US data....

PS EA chart was from another non standard computer

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Thanks for the info.

Yip saw the double bottom forming while UJ pushing out of strong demand but I was busy with some of my other chores

Nice trading BTW

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Do you mean work like lighting a bar b q and pouring a glass of wine for your wife??

To get +14 under these circumstances seems outstanding. lol

--- 帖子 #544 ---
LOL

I agree.

BUT

There was plenty on offer today if we just followed the rules without to much emotion.Trades today were clear cut.I hope we can by next year JAN know the system well enough to bank those moves.

Remember this isn't even the FO and LO trades.

GEN on the YEN is a 100 pip a day strategy if you ask me(give or take a mistake or not so volatile day or two)

Now that we know the basics we must look to maximize the efficacy in my opinion

But the wine and the Bar B Q I am always willing to attend to

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Hi Capt. - Much appreciate your feedback. Yes, cable tends to be real choppy.

Do you concentrate on major pairs - EUR, USD, JPY are do you also take a look at gold or index?Just a thought

Also, what is your view regarding M15 EMA settings for stoch/ longer range trend analysis. 11,3,3 could be too small..

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #546 ---
So guess you are not going to reply but what I wanted to make you think about was that you asked a question about the MTF Stoch but dropped the line on the

MA ribbon cross. Remember what every type of indicator is for and what there strength and weaknesses are.

Your first line would have been a very nice entry based on the MA ribbon.The MA ribbon works well when you go from a low range Asia session into the London volume as it very responsive at that time of the morning as your candles start to get bigger and so the way the MAs are calculated works nicely in that situation.

Look at the way Islander uses the Bollinger  Bands to show him when the candle are condensing and consolidating and then he uses the ribbon and other indicators once the PA starts getting bigger.

Just my 2 cents as I use to use the ribbon and enjoyed it although you have to know how and when it works best.

Hope it makes it a bit clearer just thought I want to point it out

GL and happy piping

Rooi

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Now this is one chart that stands out I'm looking keenly at this.

Rooi can't thank you enough for starting this thread

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Just the FX contracts that I post about - I found gold very difficult to trade and left trading indices several years ago.

If you look at my post  no 530 on the previous page, you will see that I have shown 1m, 5m and 15m charts - the latter has the M30 stoch and that is as far out as I ever need for 1m trading.....I usually only look at the 5m which I also have open on my other monitor with my multi display.....its been posted plenty of times....

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Well that's me for the day and week guys.

Will be around tomorrow afternoonish.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Cool, I'll take a look.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Thats my take too - even with the 1HR TF

I can't make out the M15 chart unfortunately - sorry to check but are you using any particular EMA for the M30. My parameters are to high and am tempted to bring them down to say 11,3 as opposed to 30...

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Today i want to share my one of the favourite method of scalping with charts. Use Genesis trading method. Wait for the price to move to OB or OS area. Now in the chart you can see that price is in OS area and there are two lines. Ignore First line which is first crossing in upward direction. But if price go down and there is crossing in downward direction then place one short position and you can get some pips for sure.

Regards

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Morning or Afternoon all

Early EU trade entry FO minus 15 minutes

--- 帖子 #554 ---
GM - I do not use the M30 TF on any charts....IF you mean the M30 stoch then I use either 11,3,3 or 8,3,3.  The EMAs are the 25 period.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
My First scalping trade. Green line is order point. But it was risky trade.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
My next Trade.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
First trade today....long GJ...took half off at 14...moving SL to BE and holding for test of daily pivot.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

great example of reentry trade.., but was set up for that trade....last yellow arrow...5 min US crossed up...15 stayed bullish and above 50...SL below the swing low and target the DP

--- 帖子 #559 ---
i did get in on UJ
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #560 ---
My last trade and target is achieved. Happy weekend.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
will watch 5 min stoch for next cycle down, then hook up for a rentry GJ...

Euro selling off ahead of CPI due in 45 mins....

--- 帖子 #562 ---
so of note this morning....CAD GDP....with CAD having been beaten up lately, a better than expected GDP reading could be a great long vs the crosses..just my .02

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Whats up guys.Im not trading to day as I have plenty of other work to attend to today.Should be back on Monday morning

Enjoy the weekend

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Nice trading.

Looking forward to Monday as Strada should be back

Enjoy the weekend

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Nice trading Sir

Hope you have a good end of month session.Should be some nice movement in NY

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Thanks, I have brought my EMAs (M15) down from the old sonic levels and am giving this a punt today.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Been glancing at the chart the whole day while busy with other things but liked this setup.The move will most probably continue Im to scared to hold it

+19

Closed before the news.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and an + 11 this morning on a single position
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Rooi

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Well done.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Thanks.

See you on Monday

--- 帖子 #570 ---
nice one.......I am still trying to resove a problem with a modified indicator that I would like to post here - but only when I can get the set up correct - been all day trying.....

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Can we help?

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Thanks for the offer, but I have been working with the developer and just need one last confirmation before posting here...

--- 帖子 #573 ---
I tried something a little different (thanks for the help BTW) and got the timing spot on for USDCAD at the NY open. It worked this time. I would like to run this by you later Capt - once I have reverse engineered the trade

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Awaiting with great expectation

Good luck and thanks for the effort

Rooi

--- 帖子 #575 ---
For monitoring multiple charts - especially when some / most of them are minimised - I use alerts , preferably those which pop-up with the name of the contract and also sound an alert.

Whilst the G Matrix has such an alert, I prefer the flexibility of the ASCTrend indicator which has three variables via its on screen properties box. Also, by putting arrows on the chart, we can look back at the signals generated and research variable inputs.

The standard version version in the "Additional Indicators for the GM trading system" thread only put the arrows on the chart and Marty Fish first modified that version in April 2013 to give a basic alert and now Xaphod has patiently spent time with me to get to the attached version which shows the arrows and has the option of a pop-up and audio alert. Again, many thanks Xaphod

IF - as I do - you like a more personalised sound alert, then I have also attached some sound files - just copy any or all into your MT4 "sounds" folder - no need to reboot. Then on the top screen tool bar go to Tools>Options>Events and change the Alert line to say "air_raid.wav" Do NOT forget to add the .wav to the name of the sound file! .....you may find some of the sounds rather "too much" - that's why I included so many!!

Change the "Risk" factor to give YOU the signals that best suite your trading....scalpers will need a small number, swing traders a higher etc....

Good trading and many green pips

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Blast - why can't I add that sounds folder - guess I'll just try the actual sounds files....no....wave files "not supported" now how did I fix that...

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Try compressing the folder with winrar...

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Thanks Mister Dave - it must be 100 years since I last did that

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Hello everyone,

have you or where can I find an EA or Script that allows to partially close a trade?

For example I have a winning trade 0.2 lots 10 pips and I want to close only 0.1 lot, leaving the other half run.

thanks a lot

jean-francois

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Islander - I have posted this on your site

Ta

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Morning all,

No catch up this morning, 1st trade UJ +16.6

Entry on TO, M15 stoch above 80 OB zone.

Do I look for another entry? or do I walk?

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Morning guys

First trade + 5 after second TP continuation trade bringing me into the green.

Plenty on my plate for the week so will not be hanging around very much in here this week.Will post all trades as soon as I can.

@Anthm.Nice trading and start to the week

Rooi

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Nice one Rooi

Below a failed trade on FO open, exit on cross of M15 stoch

-11.6x3 = -34.8, Ouch

Will wait now until price moves some and look at it after LO

--- 帖子 #584 ---
GM - just catching up - replied in my thread....

I have several PMs and I will reply later both here and in my thread......busy with LO / FO.....

I spend Friday working on the modified ASCTrend indicator for one simple reason - to reduce the work load in monitoring multiple contracts AND to help others to get consistant signals.

The buy that Rooi just posted in EJ was signalled at 6:34 GMT - matrix still red and stochs in Sell Zone; again at 6:53 GMT - M15 Ultra Stoch still in Sell Zone and again at 7:00 GMT - 15M stoch just exiting SZ = Buy at 137.78 for 12 pips gross (excluding spread)

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Two opportunities of scalping

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Signal at 7:07, waited until ~mid FH before taking sell.....more "reliable" that way

--- 帖子 #587 ---
</p>

All in all +12

Bit messy this morning

--- 帖子 #588 ---
LO buy signal in EJ, long in 8:01 bar - chart later....

Edit: half off for +20......SL on remainder to +10

Edit: SL moved to +15 and now hit  after € turned back off its BRN and UJ started to turn down too....

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Nicely done sir.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
5m chart was a buy too and 15m was "thinking about" turning.....

Edit: at 8:36 now its "sit on hands" time.....the EMAs are flat so waiting for a BB squeeze before considering another entry

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Dont sweat it.Plenty still to come for the week

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Yes nice, well done,

The reversal on that EJ on LO was huge.

GU being kind to me now, nearly finished and due to other commitments

wont be trading until Thursday

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Cheers Rooi

Back on Thursday chat then

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Hope you don't mind me posting here. The thread looks good.

I've been following the Genesis method for quite a while now and find that I prefer the ultra stochastic. I think I've got to the point now where I've got my entries fairly consistent, but still have to work on my exits.

GA short on FO for 25 pips. Really wasn't a good enough reason to exit - would have hit my TP with some patience. Looked at the GU short, but passed on it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Post as much as you want as long as you show your entries and exits.

Nice  trade BTW

--- 帖子 #596 ---
See you then.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Thank you

I did include the entry and exit but I can see that it isn't very clear. I'll fix that next time.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
I did see it and there is no problem with the way you are showing it.

It was more a friendly reminder for all the people who read the thread or will read it in future to post Entries and Exits

Happy pipping

--- 帖子 #599 ---
I find the easiest way is just to add a vertical line of the appropriate colour on the entry and exit. That makes it easy to view the trade on our own charts and that IMO is more important than the exact number of pips that anyone makes

PS UJ now in a tight BB squeeze......will that give a trade in EJ or GJ...........GU has news soon....I sold UJ in 9:09 bar whilst I wait....

--- 帖子 #600 ---
UJ finally broke 102. Wonder how far it will go.

Waiting on GBP news.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
closed after the small red spinng top hit on Friday's low.....

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Nicely done Islander.

Awaiting the same thing AutoBot

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Strong UK manufacturing rebound continues

From markiteconomics.com
http://www.forexfactory.com/resource...tory-quote.png
The UK manufacturing sector made a positive start to 2014. Rates of expansion in output and new orders remained well above their respective longrun trends, supporting a solid increase in payroll numbers. The seasonally adjusted Markit/CIPS Purchasing Manager’s Index (PMI) posted 56.7 in January, down from December’s 57.2. Although the PMI currently stands at its lowest level in three months, it is still well above the series average of 51.3. The headline index has signalled an improvement in operating conditions in each of the past ten months

The headline number was slightly lower than expected....56.7 vs 57.1, so a spike down.....to help the big dogs buy at a lower price...

For those who prefer the 5m charts, GJ was a sell at 5am at ~168.05 and is now ~120 pips lower.....

--- 帖子 #604 ---
A little jumpy this morning (like there's something wrong with the coffee)

Steping aside for a bit

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Hi,  Is there anyone out there that keeps a journal of all trades they take with this or the original genesis method?  I am after a list of trades that were taken, win or lose.  All I need is the entry time and pair, no other details are needed as I just need to work on my entry/exit strategy and to compare my back testing results.

Any help would be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Islander, i see on your screens that you wait for BB squizz <25pips. I think i would be helpful to edit BB indicator to change its colour when squizz occure.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
IF a coder can modify the BB indicator to do this great  I sometimes just keep a 25 pip vertical rectangle or ellipse on my screen and drag it onto the BBs to check.....and remember that the actual number depends on the contract and the settings uded

PS I have just posted some answers to PMs in my thread...

--- 帖子 #608 ---
from earlier.....[highlight=rgb(244, 246, 249); color:rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family:verdana]For those who prefer the 5m charts, GJ was a sell at 5am at ~168.05 and is now ~120 pips lower.....i[/highlight]

[highlight=rgb(244, 246, 249); color:rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family:verdana]Its run so far is > 200 pips, with this follow on entry worth > 130 from arrow to low right on the BRN.....or a few less arrow to arrow...[/highlight]

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Messed up my stop, but got there in the end.

GJ short ~ 90 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Morning, a very easy trade to start February. Was very tempted to halve TP2 and let some of it run on but 30 pips in less than half an hour and finished for the day was irresistible. Enjoy your day. strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Very Nice Strada

welcome back

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Well done Strada.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Good Set up. I can scalp until UJ price reaches 101.22 (Which is my last target)

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Few more pips. UJ price has reached to 101.22 so no more hunting for UJ

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Not only did I spend time and effort in replying to those and other PMs, but last Friday I spent most of the day in working up a postable, alert version of the ASCTrend indicator together with my sounds files, both of which I see have so far been downloaded by 38 traders.

However, I am EXTREMELY surprised to find not a SINGLE comment or note of thanks from ANY of these traders and I do NOT mean the 4 or 5 regulars that post here. I am refering to those who are taking and offering this - and my old thread nothing in return.

It is obviously time for me to stop posting and concentrate on my own trading and keep my research and other work to myself.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
According to my analysis there is short movement of EU to 1.3500. It is the best time for scalping until target hits.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Hi Guys

So I have been plenty busy this morning and missed out clearly on some of the action that LO brings

I will bee looking to get some pips for NY if there is any left.

@ Islander - Thanks for the time and effort but as always there is the people who want the whole arm when you try and help by showing the pinkie.

@ Strada - Nicely done this morning.Hope you enjoined the time off and that you will be around awhile again before making enough to go on holiday again.

@Anthm - Hope you did well at least we have our coach again

@ The Rest - Thanks for posting and sharing and respecting the guys who make these types of threads worth it because remember these types of threads only do well when there are decent traders posting in them.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Hello Islander, it will be a great shame and a big loss to this thread if you do indeed leave us, your contributions have been considerable and well grounded from all your experience. However I understand how you feel, it is soul destroying when you make so much effort and get no thanks for it. Although I don't personally use your additional and modified indies and ideas I can certainly see the value they may be to others.

FF is a great resource and it needs to be a two way process, ie giving/sharing and taking by all. We don't all have to be the givers but if you're benefitting from what is being given at least show your gratitude, either on the thread or by PM. If you have anything that is relevant to share please do so, no one here will bite your head off, these rules don't exist here. As I'm writing I see 32 viewing, 9 members. If you like what you're seeing in here come in and say hello, ask questions, post charts/trades/comments, it all helps.

So Islander I do hope you will reconsider, you would be missed.

All the best, strada

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Could not have said it better myself

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Hi Mr Dave

The problem is everyone trades a different Exit Strategy as that is in essence what defines a trader.We all use give or take the same entry requirements but we all look at different pairs and trade at different times and frequencies

Best is to share you trades and ask if there is anything you want to know about it.As for hard results to compare against I dont think you will find anything really.

Good luck and happy pipping

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Hello everyone,

This is my first post in this thread. Although I do trade using the excellent genesis system, I do not trade 1min charts so have kept myself in the shadows.

I have followed Islander since he popped up in the genesis thread. I find his posting and market insight to be of the highest quality and would like to say that his input is very much appreciated and it will be a great loss indeed to this thread if he does decide to leave.

From one brit to another, I wish you all the best Islander.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Islander, you are one of the best traders in FF, probably the best in M1 trading, and your contribution is absolutly great.

I am sure that there are a lot of people here that appreciate your work, even if they stay in silence.

So please, DON´T LEAVE US CAPTAIN!

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Islander, dont be angry for us (other FF users) or dont feel useless, offended. You even dont know how helpfull are your screens and posts. I have printed all of them from this thread and i try to understand your entries. Now i see some progres in entries. in exits not yet.

It would be a huge loss for all of us if you will decide to leave. Please dont do it.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
1st trade = BE

2nd trade = +16 (tp1 = + 4, tp 2 = +12)

Working on waiting for the proper signal and a decent TP1 and TP2

@Strada.This would have been a TP1 +6 and TP2 still running?

Rooi

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Hi Rooi, I was watching that too and probably would have taken the 13.05 signal but I'd already entered a little side trade on EU while sitting here catching up on emails etc after my break. It looked like EJ was gearing up for a go at the number at some stage, whether it would be stop hunting above or a move remains to be seen. The DP didn't put you off then???

Re TP1 = 6. May have been more, didn't see the price prints once above the number, looks like it went to about +6 before falling back to the number, so probably would have reset the SL to BE. When price moved up again it looked like it may have offered 8/9 on next up-leg, so +7 would have been good.

Closed my EU @ BE.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
What gave me the confidence to go before the DP was that UJ exploded at 13:05 and broke the most recent resistance

I know you trade EJ as a pair onto itself and I do that to but here the UJ gave me that bit extra to pull the trigger a pip or two early

So TP 1 for you will ALWAYS be a minimum of +6 or a BE if it doesnt do what it needs to.So what I mean is you will NEVER take less than +6.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Hi Rooi, +7 for TP1 is my normal minimum TP1 target but if price dawdles around 6 and struggles to get to 7+ then I'll sometimes take the best +6 I can, like +6.5 isn't such a bad compromise! If like the EJ earlier it looked like it touched around +6 then immediately fell back so TP1 still live then I'd reset SL to BE. I can't allow a trade to get that close to a bankable profit then let it run into a loss. Yes, sometimes that bit of strategy bites you in the rear but it also means no loss.

[highlight=rgb(244, 246, 249); color:rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family:verdana,helvetica,sans-serif]" NEVER take less than +6." Never say never, sometimes that's all the market is going to give you, if that's what you think, then you take it, it's better than BE.[/highlight]

[highlight=rgb(244, 246, 249); color:rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family:verdana,helvetica,sans-serif]strada.[/highlight]

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Thanks for the wording.Its a simple emotionless choice that is part of your plan.So you have weighed up the good and bad and accepted  the outcome.
I just have to make the choice and either way live with the outcome.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Inserted Video

Its too much.

See you guys in the morning

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Hey Captain sorry to say WE CAN'T AFFORD TO HAVE YOU LEAVE THE SHIP YET

There are so many visitors to this thread who are still putting in the work like me and some are yet to come out of their shells and I'm sure when they sail to profitability land the gratitude will pour out.

Mean time I have added the MA Ribbon to the mix and it's such a visual aid.

You are appreciated.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Absolutely right sir and i apologize. I always admired your style. Thanks for all your hard work.

I should have and could have posted, not that it matters.

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Islander, Please feel free to run this by me. If I can help.. Its the least many other us can do.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Morning Islander , very good job on the indi, personally I was not one of the 38 that downloaded it. I actually try and eliminate all noise when I trade and in actual fact often wear builders quality safety ear protection type ear muffs. If you lived where I live you may understand lol.

Please keep up the good work.

Regards

anthm

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Nice UJ move on Tokyo open this morning,

And to think I was planning on taking the day off trading.

+40 in the bank, only wish it was always that easy for me.

Rushing to work now

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #635 ---
We live to trade another day, thank God!

Waiting for FO

Someone asked for my MA Ribbon settings, so here it is, play around with as many combinations as you please, this combination is not set in stone.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
First trade +16 (tp1 = 3 , tp2 = 13) Sitting on the round number and thats enough for me  EDIT ( I should check my lines as that blue line is for round numbers and clearly it moved.oh well)

Have to shoot off for a bit.

Will be back checking in here and there but will only be trading again after 11:00(London time)

@ Anthm , Nicely done

Rooi

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Morning, short GU off 7am bar. Few PMI's today, remember these are released 2mins before quoted time. chartlater.

Update TP1 +6.7; TP2 stop @BE (Rooi, as we were saying yesterday for TP1)

Update TP2 +14; will post chart later. Finished trading today. strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #638 ---
It seems "The Beast" is the way to go, I was checking out EJ when the short signals came and could only take the EJ.

I would have scaled out of GJ had I taken it but can't take 2 trades at the same time for now, will wait till after GBP Services PMI.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
wasn't at my desk, missed those 2 entries. Waiting time Gj M1 chart

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Exactly like you said

+20.7 will do nicely for the day,Good hassle free trading

--- 帖子 #641 ---
I saw the earlier EJ signal (6.57?) but the SL was too rich for me and left it. How did you do with your EJ?

--- 帖子 #642 ---
There were other opportunities but the spreads from this broker is just prohibitive.

Will wait till after PMI release.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Nice Long position closed with TP

--- 帖子 #644 ---
long gj @165,15 +ve div and all the rest

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Good Morning.....thank you Rooi, strada, occamsrazors, panamamike, scarlet pipe, Iggo, iwan33, Intrepidpips, huskyboy, figgsey, anthm and toadkelly200 for all of your kind words and welcome to those new posters

I am going to take a short break from posting and WILL return next week.

Starting and maintaining a thread is hard work for the instigator AND requires continued input from its followers, so not only should we thank Rooi but we must also support him by posting......

Bye For Now

Islander

--- 帖子 #646 ---
closed for 20. Tomorrow no trading for me, maybe back Friday. Off to work now. Bye

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Nicely done and thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Thanks for looking in on the crew and please take as much time as you need to.We will be eagerly waiting your return

Rooi

--- 帖子 #649 ---
What broker do you use and what are your spreads.My typical spreads for EJ = 0.7 and for GJ 0.9 and for the Majors most often under 0.5.There is a commission fee of 0.7pips give or take.I trade with ICmarkets on ECN account.Really works well.Might be worth looking into.I think Pepperstone also very good with spreads but I think there minimum deposit is $2000 where ICmarket is only $200.

Only my 2cents

--- 帖子 #650 ---
WOW.  GBP huge spike across the board. Then complete retrace plus.

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Yip.I never trade any GBP when news is coming out.The markets react craze for all the news out of that place

--- 帖子 #652 ---
i am looking to short GA on the bounce.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
I've been with Traders Trust since sept 2011

GBPJPY is 4.2 pips spread on average, EURJPY is 3.7 pips spread on average, and they don't even offer ECN accounts.

I will definitely change over to ECN, I'd been considering Pepperstone but I'd give ICM a look, cant imagine paying 8.4 pips on a 20 pips move, Mr Broker is just laughing to the Bank.

Thanks?

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Its all the small things like that,that keeps us back.I only recently changed mine after working out how may pips I had been losing out on in a week,month never mind a year.

Good Luck

Rooi

--- 帖子 #655 ---
I was just browsing and noticed this in the Genesis thread, so its made me post PDQ.......

Hi Guys Genesis indicator and some other stuff has stopped working on my MT4 with build 600 ! anyone else have issues ?? {image}

[highlight=rgb(244, 246, 249); color:rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family:verdana,helvetica,sans-serif]there are numerous posts about this all over FF.....this from my old friend TAH in Sonic's thread[/highlight]

Forex Factory Traders, MetaQuotes Has Lied to All of Us!

[highlight=rgb(244, 246, 249); color:rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family:verdana,helvetica,sans-serif]Warning to all Forex Factory users of MT4, Do NOT upgrade to v600 build of MT4![/highlight]

[highlight=rgb(244, 246, 249); color:rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family:verdana,helvetica,sans-serif]Fellow Forex Factory traders, MetaQuotes has lied to all of us. They claim this new upgrade runs MQL4 indicators in their proper runtime environment without any problems. This is a flat out lie! And once you have upgraded, you cannot go back![/highlight]

[highlight=rgb(244, 246, 249); color:rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family:verdana,helvetica,sans-serif]MetaQuotes has become uncaring about traders and greedy for profits. This is all about them making profits off of their "Store" feature, where they and others can sell indicators of new coding. And they have effectively prevented many of all the free and open coded indicators from running! Yes, they have published a long drawn out affair as to why some things won't work, but it is all a bullshit excuse circumventing the fact that they haven't produced a program to convert all of our old indicators so they will run. They expect users to figure out what the hell is wrong, and then become coders themselves to recode so their indicators will work,.........or they expect you to buy replacements from their F....king store!~[/highlight]

[highlight=rgb(244, 246, 249); color:rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family:verdana,helvetica,sans-serif]Call your brokers and demand that you be allowed to continue the last pre-v600 build or you will go to a broker that will![/highlight]

[highlight=rgb(244, 246, 249); color:rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family:verdana,helvetica,sans-serif]Try reading here from Hanover's post # 11.....Hanover is a VERY experienced MQL coder...[/highlight]

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=469491

[highlight=rgb(244, 246, 249); color:rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family:verdana,helvetica,sans-serif]Good luck.....[/highlight]

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Thanks Islander, good to see you back in here.

This 600 build looks like a disaster in the making, I've spent a few hours checking it out and I've taken the advice of Kiads in post 45 of that thread. I haven't been upgraded yet so I've altered the WebInstall name to hopefully prevent the upgrade, just in case I'm not asked for permission.

strada.

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Thanks strada - its really unintentional, but I thought suffiently important for me to break my "fast"

Would you please post the steps needed to alter the WebInstall name - when I looked, I could not find that file .....but then I am a 'puter dummy!

Best

Islander

--- 帖子 #658 ---
This is such a bunch of out right BS!

Thanks Islander for heads up!

I read over something similar in one of HANOVERS threads or replies earlier today and didnt think much of it.Clearly I was wrong.

Are they re-writing the language completely and we can still code our own indies or do they make it "illegal" to code the indies?

im going to do some reading and see what I can find.What does Xaphod say about this.He coded most of the GEN indies didnt he

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Hi Islander, hold fire on that one, now have a problem with it, will get back to you later. strada.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
One of the guys said

"[highlight=rgb(244, 246, 249); color:rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family:verdana,helvetica,sans-serif]If you do not run a windows account with administrative rights (which you should not anyway, with UAC set to ask for permission to make changes to your computer), mt4 will need to ask for administrative rights in order to put the update in effect. You can decline it. It will do so upon every start henceforth, but, again, you can decline it.[/highlight]
Normally build 509 should not download the update on its own anyway. For that you need either download an updated version off your broker or connect to MetaQuote's update server yourself .
"

And so if you have it installed in your program files with administrative protection/permission then any program has to ask you permission to change.That is just how windows works

Sounds right to me as my computer always asks for permission to update my mt4

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Hi Rooi - I also posted the extracts in the Genesis thread and MartyFish is already looking at it, so hopefully Xaphod will be asked directly from there.....TWT

Best

Islander

--- 帖子 #662 ---
OK, but as I understand things, we should NOT be installing MT4 in our program files - which is a problem that I have!.

@ strada - NP....

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Great stuff.Hopefully there will be an easy solution for it all.

The gist of what Im gathering is that the language is not compatible to a certain extent and that there are loads of new errors and warnings when compiling the indicator.

Worst case scenario is that the indies will have to be re-written and who knows how long that will take across the board.

Luckily we are plenty of guys using the GEN indies so hopefully we can find a solution between us.

For now we just need to try and hold off on the update as long as possible?

--- 帖子 #664 ---
We should not be doing it in this way as program files folder is for "windows" to use and has a different security level/setting and so you do not want stuff that gets updated regular in that folder if there is any contamination in what you upgrade that then there is a problem according to my knowledge.Also im sure that the program files folder is the the intial destination folder when you download the installer for mt4 so there should not be to big a problem there IMHO

I have  4 different mt4s installed in my program file folder and just one outside of it.

Best to do is copy your existing mt4 folder onto a removable usb stick and keep it there for now.

I will do the same and have then we can always just upload it again if there is a problem even if for now we just use the old build to give us the indicators and the new build to take the trades.

Im sure there will be a better solution in no time BUT we just need to be able to keep ourselfs trading for now.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
You should be able to run most old indicators if you follow the right procedure:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...71#post7261371

The Genesis package I maintain has been updated to handle the new release since a couple of months ago. Get the GMTS v1.10 file. Not much else has been updated. I have written a lot of indicators so it is a significant amount of work to update all of the so I'm unlikely to do it all. Some will be updated over time.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Hi Xaphod

Thanks for taking the time to post the solution and answer for the problem.

Thank you for all the work that you have put in on the GEN indies the are really,extremely,unbelievably,amazingly useful and your contribution is duly noted.

Wishing you all the best and good luck with all the updating as I can imagine that it is big head ache.

Kind Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #667 ---
I hope the sh__t does not hit the fan.

I downloaded a copy of MT4 build 574 last week Monday and could not run any of my custom indies and took a beat beating from trying to make do with what I could download directly from code base.

Thank God I was able to revert back to Build 509 and get my proper indies back on Tuesday.

MT4 hear this "If it aint broke, don't try to fix it!"

I will resist all efforts to upgrade to Build 600

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Missed so much action but had time take a short on UJ waited for a second helping but it did not materialize we fight another day.

I think the Yen pairs are just the way to go for now.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Thank you Xaphod - its a sign of a true professional that you take the trouble to post your info here as well as in RJ's thread ?

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Too late for me! Not good...

I noticed for instance my HA indicator missing candles.

I can't try one of your indi's - the Genesis alert!

So at some point we can assume that MT4 will be discontinued - unless the trader community kicks up a fuss over this.

Most guys still use MT4

--- 帖子 #671 ---
@Rooi

@Islander

Thanks! You are welcome.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Hey Folks,

this is my first post in this thread and I think my 5th here on FF.com

First, I wanna thank all the people who are keeping this thread alive and are posting every trade they take!

It took me a while until my charts are now looking like I want they have to look like

And now I want to show you my first trade I took on Gold with this system.... for +8 Pip

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Wish you all a lot of pips and some nice posts and conversations

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Hi !

I just wanted to tell you that my platform is build 600 and works like the old ones (all indicators loaded successfully).

Attached is a screenshot of a trade that I took this morning on GU (classic Genesis entry).

oxido.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #674 ---
GA short. Okay setup (albeit pre TO), bad stop positioning - had it too tight on news and was caught on spread widening.

Lost out on about 70 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Btw my build 600 update transitioned smoothly and the indicators that I use all seem to work without problem. My MT4s are installed on a drive other than C. A bit strange getting my head around where the indicators etc are now located.

--- 帖子 #676 ---
GOOD Thread.....................................

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Hi Guys

Thanks for the info about the new build.Hope it transitions smoothly on mine.I will be updating mine on Friday afternoon during all the NFP news and stuff that I dont trade and hopefully I wont have to spend my weekend trying to fix problems.The new build and mt5 is inevitable eventually  I suppose.

Thanks for all the new guys posting!

I will be around for NY again and will see if I can squeeze off a trade pre FO or before LO as Im busy again today.(Hopefully just till end of April)

Good luck and Happy pipping

--- 帖子 #678 ---
PA retraced me, shame. My fault, entry was way too late. That was my trade for today, off too work.

May i ask, is there an indi to close a trade in parts?

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Just got burned on GJ... -12 pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Very quet Frankie

--- 帖子 #681 ---
GM - nice to find these guys on the ball and helping....

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Took 6 Pips on this GJ short...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Definately have to practice die Method alot! the M1 chart can be very choppy

Does someone of you guys have an advise when to start trading this System?

Do you wait for the Movement and then buying or selling in the direction the Market is heading on the Breakouts?

--- 帖子 #683 ---
How to trade the system is well documented.  Personally I don't feel that having ONLY 1Min info on the chart is enough to make a trade decision.  Some people do it very well that way, but days like today it is much harder.  The choppiness today IMO has a lot to do with upcoming EUR and GBP rate decisions.  It may stay like this until just before the announcements.

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Morning, only 1 trade today and as Panamamike says it's all a bit choppy, so giving up for the day. After TP2 exit at BE I did consider re-entering it when the signals looked OK but on each occasion there was not enough price improvement for entry. Be careful here today, it's a jungle, rate decisions look predictable but no one knows so usual twitchy PA.

strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Thanks for your Message!

Well, I never traded the M1 chart... Maybe I need to open the System on a M5 chart as well and need more screentime.

By the way... Which Indicators do you guys prefer or are the most used with this system? MTF Stochastic v2, Stoch-MTF, Stochastic Slope ???

I just downloaded the MTF Stoch Tape indicator and applied it on the chart. And this one is showing some really different singals than the Ultra Stochastic Color indicator...

Take a look on the Screenshot here:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Dealer's choice, but they all paint the name picture.  My advice is to spend some screen time getting comfortable with the system.  Today may not be the best day for that for the reasons already mentioned.

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Hi Jeffray, the most effective way to check the accuracy of the various stochs is to line up your chart above alongside a basic 5m chart with standard stoch set at same values (11,3,3) and compare the real-time values. Likewise with 15min. I can't speak for the colour ultra as I use only the standard ultra, but I can assure you that the standard version is spot on realtime. Don't take my word for it though, have a look at it for yourself, that way you'll have much more confidence in what you use.

hope you get your charts how you like them, all the best, strada.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Thank you very much, appreciate your post!

well, I think I have to reduce the pairs Iam currently focusing on, so my Mt4 is overfilled with charts

will also test the standard ultra.

could you be so kind and post your currently used chart?

all the best

and thanks for your help!

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Hey oxido,

i just downloaded the new build and have one question.

i took the indicators into the folder: MQL4 / Indicators / (my new folder) Genesis

also inserted the Template into the right template folder, but i can't find the files in my mt4...

iam using Win7 ultimate...

don't know why it is wot working... Any idea?

--- 帖子 #690 ---
There may be, but what to do is if you have not accepted one click on your MT4,is to reduce the volume or lot size before closing the trade that way part of the trade is still on.

If you have accepted one click, you may want to uninstall your platform and re-install it then when you place a trade and are prompted for one click simply decline so you can be taking advantage of scaling out of your trades.

Please bear in mind the Build 600 implications on uninstalling and re-installing your MT4 platform

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Hi Jeffray, I've posted quite a few charts, mainly EJ or GU in recent weeks, they'll all be the same set up. Take a look through recent pages or click on my profile and you'll see my posts marked with "image".

When there is a genesis signal I then refer to standard charts for pricing/entry/stops etc.

Hope this helps, strada.

PS, For your MQL file try looking into AppData/Roaming/Metaquotes and one of those telephone numbered folders should have your indies in MQL4 and further down your templates.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Hi Jeffray!

If you installed a clean (MT4 build 600), you should copy indicators in " \MQL4\Indicators " without making a new folder for Genesis indicators.

I installed a clean version of MT4 (build 600) on my PC at work (Win7 Ultimate 64 bit) and copied all Genesis indicators from a older installed version of MT4.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Well so ends the day for me with a -5

I finally after all the news and BS identified something that I might want to trade.

Ended up taking 4 trades for a total of -5.No follow through on anything.(Also not willing to take what I had as I knew we were ranging )

I happy with the -5 as it is a small loss compared to the sh!tty PA we had today. Tomorrow will be more of the same

I found a really nice video from Mark Douglas and watched it during all the news as my rules say I can trade 15min before and after and so a great deal of afternoons leaves me with very little to trade.

Here is the link to video and for anyone who is interested in his work(I personally am a massive fan)

Notice how old the video is but how relevant all of it still is.Really has nice ways of putting this into perspective IMHO
Inserted Video

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I know there is some longs in there and the Stochastic is red.Its done like that as part of my trade plan at the moment (Still ironing out a lot of possibilities that Im looking at as we all have our own way of looking at opportunities that present it self in different ways:nerd:blush:

See you guys for FO

Rooi

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Greetings. I feel the urge to post. I have been absent for a little while so a bit homeless but you guys seem to be doing similar things to me so thought I would drop in. Hope thats ok. I will share my current set up. Its a good discipline to be able to write it down and I have not done so yet. Flavours of Genesis, Three Dragons, Sonic as well as influences recently from Islander, Dmitry fx and Dr Phoenix and a few others all mixed and extracted as I like. Any way its what I am using now so there.

I work off three timeframes. M15, M5 and M1. Each uses MTF stochs (Utra Stochastics - all credits to its creators) each with three stochs, volume (Sonic) and RSI with MA's. Oh and three dragons (which are a variety of MA's and one ribbon MA). Fairly early days for this set up as I have not been trading lately. Here was a trade from this morning, prior to the news. There were better examples but this is one I took before quiting for the day.

Looking at M15 first:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The daily stoch was hugging the lower reaches and the 4H stoch was showing signs of weakening as well as price being below the MA's - reasonable probability of a down move.

Moving to M5:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Whilst the stoch had a small up move it was in an overall downtrend and critically PA failed to make new highs. Also volume was more at the top (but very thin). The H4 stoch and M15 stoch turned down from high positions, but more importantly there was a 3 dragons (all MA's sloping down) which broke from a touch of the MA ribbon I use. H1 stoch was rising so this was only ever going to be a small run.

And finally M1:

Attachment
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The key was the turning of the three stochs at the higher side of the range. The green H1 stoch was an issue on this one and I will try to post a better example where it is a clear cut case but there was enough evidence here for me to short. The other factors were the volume on the up bar that then failed, the three dragons, a convincing break on the RSI and finally volume on some nice down bars. I held this until shortly before the news when I decided to close 90% of my position as I had made my numbers for the day and did not fancy the action - volume before the news was enough to send my finger to the close button. My entry and exit were not perfect but I got 19 pips here as well as similar trades on gold and GBP/AUD which gave me enough for the day.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Let me be the first to say welcome and thanks for the detailed reply and explanation for the trade and your method/thought process for the trade.

Looking forward to seeing more.

Happy pipping to you sir

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Thanks  Will have a look in the morning

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Someone asked for this.

An "infocator" designed by a member of the FF community P4L.

Just make sure you check "Allow DLL imports" and it will do it's work.

After taking such a beating today (-20 pips)partly through not taking all my entries and second guessing a 200 pip EJ buy signal, I've been working tirelessly to reduce the number of inputs for my buy/sell/hold decisions and it's still a work in progress.

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Morning, short EJ, off 7am signal

update TP1 +8

update TP2 +3 chart later.

Chart below. Didn't take long signal at 7.45, SL too much.

Did consider re-entering TP2 short off 7.56 signal but again hefty SL especially just before LO.  Will finish now, happy with profit for this week, look forward to next week, see you then, have a good week-end.

strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Same here and banked 3pips.

TP2 still running :nerd:

Will be my only trade fort the morning unless I free up some time for a good opportunity

EDIT : TP2 = +7

+10 for FO and that gives me back yesterdays loss and a bit but have to get busy with other stuffs and will update if I take any other trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Intrepidpips, hope i can be off any help, her's my reasoning. I also look at the M5 chart before i enter any trade. Would i heve entered at that point, who knows ???

Today no trades so far, been busy typing this

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Here was this mornings offering using stochs (I failed to get up for FO). EU was overstretched and although wanting to go higher failed, ergo got to go down. Note that I was alerted to this by the turn down in the EU 4H stoch well before 8:00. Afetr that it was a matter of waiting for everything to line up before jumping in. The real action will be at 9:30 I guess but I will let the charts tell me. I like to get 25 pips a day so missed by one. I make it a rule to not look at targets but to enter and exit purely on the charts. Oh well have to stick around and wait for another opportunity.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

edit:  Error 21.3 pips.  I was slower than I thought.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
out 20 pips, done

--- 帖子 #703 ---
20 Pips. Todays target achieved

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Was out of the house, unfortunately, so was unable to exit at a better level.

Long G/Y 31 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #705 ---
GU had been broadcasting an up move all day as far as I was concerned.  I did take two positions mid morning, one a winner one a loser, net effect was +1 pip so a stupid waste of time.  I decided there were better thngs to do until news time.  At 13:28 I had seen enough to venture a long.  Not something for the feint hearted before big news.  My MT4 platform crashed at 13:31 but I do not use it for trading, keeping my brokers far more reliable platform open alongside so not flying completely blind.  Exit 50% at 35 pips, the rest at 42 after momentum seemed to die.  I was also watching EU which offered a clearer signal and actually a better ride but I was fixated on GU. Not sure I will bother any more today as that leaves me 60 pips up on my normal stake size (an excellent day for me) and I would only ruin things.  Missing data in the pic so does not show my entry point but you get the idea.  The challenge is to repeat this all next week....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Had time for one GU long, cya all next week monday

--- 帖子 #707 ---
+16 on 2 trades and wrapping up for the week.

Could have exited better on the first trade but oh well.Will continue to work on it next week

Hope you guys have a good weekend and see you guys on Monday

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Hi Capt,

Could you possibly point me in the right direction for the M5 Stoch please?

It doesn't look like the Ultra Colour indi...

Many thanks

F

--- 帖子 #709 ---
There are two versions in the File Attachments of this thread - I am using the !Ultra Stochastic Color Line version.  You can also check the thread on the days that both Rooi posted these indicators and you should find the link to the Ultra Stoch thread.....

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Ah, I see now.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #711 ---
short GJ @ 167,99 closed 40 pips

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Morning all

Only have time for the FO this morning as I have to run.Will be back for NYO

+10.1 on the 3 trades

1st trade +0.1pips

2nd trade -2.8

3rd trade + 12.8

Rooi

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Morning, good set-up on GU earlier, just before Frankie open, cheap SL. All I need for today. strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #714 ---
GM - nice trade.....I was surprised to see cable make that move so early.  As UJ also headed south, GJ was a good sell too

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Morning Strada.

Nice trading and start to the week.

What is the pip range you would call a cheap SL 4-8 pips?

I know you have a disaster SL at 15

Rooi

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Morning Islander, For me these are bread & butter trades, I see them regularly and I've always traded them and on EJ and GU they tend to be quite reliable. Plus if there is a cheap SL then it makes the entry decision that much easier.

On that trade the stoch15 was flat and above at the time of the signal but by the time I opened the trade the stoch was on the way down and crossing, just giving a bit more comfort. (I use a 1pip buffer before entry after any signal).

cheers, strada.

@Rooi, morning Rooi, yes 4-8 is good, like this morning, but the trade moved quickly and reached +6 very quickly so I was then on BE for SL and then it just kept going to about +11 so when it paused & reversed closed tp1. Similarly with tp2, went below the number to +23, paused & reversed so closed again.

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Rooi, Strada,

wonder how you guys close a trade partially; i have tried many times reducing the size lot when closing a trade and let the rest run (tried this morning too) but it just dont work What am i doing wrong ?

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Thanks for the breakdown.....looking at my current chart I had ASCTrend Alert on close of 6:46;  4 reds in Matrix at 6:49; 25 EMA turned down 6:55 = Sell...so I'm thinking that was when you sold too....

--- 帖子 #719 ---
As I said last week, following the many posts of support I decided to continue posting, but with the following restrictions....

I will no longer reply to PMs and questions from people who do NOT support either this thread or my old thread by posting on a regular basis - I define this as 5 posts in a 2 week period.  Neither will I continue repeating old information - go back and find it yourself - my current set up has been developed from my posts in the Genesis thread from ~last November, then some posts In Alien's thread and more recently here in Rooi's thread.  If you want to help the thread, then make a copy of my posts and share it - I did that in both Sonic's thread and the Genesis thread......

My indicators can be found in the File Attachments ( 259 here and 1,362 in my old thread located in the blue band at the top of each page)

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...14628&page=230

Regards

Islander

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Great way of looking at it.Taking the risk off completely before taking profits giving you a bigger TP1 and peace of mind,but as always can play out the other way as well so will be paying attention to that way of looking at it.

If a trade breaks + 6-8pips then is "always" SL to BE for you even if you let TP 1 run ?

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Great point Islander.

Its very easy to find answer to anything if you know what trader posted the information.Go onto their profile and do some research about them and their post,images and files they have uploaded

I personally have read and looked through the last 1000posts that Islander have made.Ive read all Strada's post he has made on FF(more than once) and these are just the two posting here.I have gone through many traders whole profiles of all their trades and uploads because then you start to see how they solved problems that you didnt even know you had.

There is a big reason why certain traders do so well and always have profitable trades because they worked specifically on eliminating problems that they have and IF you/we/I are lucky enough they leave a pretty well documented paper/post trail of it for you to read and understand because its all good and nice them telling you what they do but you have to understand the problem before trying to understand why they use a certain solution to the problem.

Anyway - thanks to ALL the great traders that post there charts here as well as taking the time write detailed explanations FOR FREE for us guys that want to learn.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Thanks Rooi - and for your PM

As I posted, I was in this earlier.....ASCTrend Arrow, BB squeeze and then look for an "allowed" entry

PS there was another signal arrow, BB Sq etc at 9:11......with GU down since 8:45....

PSS pic from research account....

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Had a good go for a G/Y short. Had concerns about DP and so was very aggressive with my stops, so fortunately came out slightly ahead.

Both G/Y and U/Y have had strong resistance at DP, so it doesn't look like a go at this stage.

Unfortunately passed up on EA long earlier today. So no pips so far for me today - but none given either so it's okay.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Thing with partial profit taking it that with all things in trading the general idea is the same but people interpret it differently and I personally have changed the way I think about it a couple of times and will in future most probably.

You said " (tried this morning too) but it just dont work"

What do you mean by that? did the trade not work,did the 2nd TP get taken out for BE.Why would you say it didnt work.If you look at strada's trades for example he gets stopped out for BE on the second TP for 0 or maybe 1 pip and if you ask him if he the trade was successful he will say yes because his TP 1 was hit for +6 and his TP2 was taken out for BE and so protected the profit that he had.He would have liked the market to go further in his direction but he will be ok with being taken out at BE

So when deciding your exit strategy then you must look at why you pick the "split" of the TP's and then look at the targets you wan to hit and how often the SL gets hit for BE.Look at my trades this morning.My TP1 get hit for +3 and then I set my SL to -3 and so will get taken out for BE(minus commissions) and will be happy with that because the TP1 is reducing my risk on the second TP that I look for extended targets and give it a bit of room.Most people will say that way of looking at it is wrong but im happy with(for now).Each to their own

These are just some of the things you can consider when deciding.Hope this helps and if you edit your original reply and quote one of Strada's post Im sure he will take the time to answer.

Hope this helps.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Hope this helps.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #726 ---
I bought cable in the 12:45 bar, now waiting for UJ to turn up and allow me to buy GJ....

PS another way to allow us to take partial profits is just to take 2 smaller entries.....

--- 帖子 #727 ---
and it did in the 13:20 candle, so I bought GJ......

--- 帖子 #728 ---
I was long EJ for couple but EU not working along yet.Will see how it play out.Might get back in :nerd:

--- 帖子 #729 ---
I see that the 1m € chart had a sell signal at 13:32 and now the 5m has one too, so its difficult right now for €J to rally......

Edit: just as I posted UJ started to pull back, so I closed half for +12, SL on remainder at +5

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Will see.UJ triple bottomed nicely and we might have a nice low formed there now.Now its the old problem of backing the EJ or GJ and I personally am not trading the bigger striding GJ sister anymore for a while as I am finding the medium striding sister (EJ) a bit more to my appetite for volatility AND only tracking only one cross because im pretty busy elsewhere.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
closed in 13:59 bar after WRB with higher volume at "a level"

I agree about only trading one of these two European Yen Crosses.....each day provides plenty of bankable pips from either of them

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Chart for GJ trades.....now sit on hands for a bit until closer to NYSE open......

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Everything a little sluggish at the moment for the type of trading I like.

I got a +5 on the last EJ run after the EU pop BUT closed it all after showing weakness.

It all might just meander up from here but like I said I dont like holding a position in this market that is moving like this.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Nicely done.

Not giving anything away when you are "wrong" about the where it is going is always a good out come and a nice feeling.

There is always tomorrow

--- 帖子 #735 ---
First trade on 1M.  Missed earlier entry as I was otherwise pre-occupied!

+14.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Thanks but thats just the point; that volume buttom doesn't work, i just cant change the volume.

Again thanks

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Thanks, no no the trade went well but i had an tp in mind 167.44 at the time i entered the trade. I wanted to close the trade partially at 40 pips and leave the rest; if i could have done so my tp would have been hit.

For the moment the only solution is like Islander says, take 2 smaller entries.

Thanks all

--- 帖子 #738 ---
If the volume button does not work t means you must have accepted the one click tool terms and conditions,

For you to be able to scale out of your positions using the volume button after you have accepted one click, you will have to click on tools on your broker platform click on Options, select Trade from the menu box and uncheck One Click trading to get you back to default settings.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Morning,

Nice work Husky , just not sure of what currency pair it was or your exact entry and exit time?

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Likewise Aahmad Good work,

Obviously can see where you took the pips but have no idea what currency pair or time of entry and exit.

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Hello to Strada,

nice work as usual yesterday, With all this success you do realize that your wife is going to be expecting more vacations? Maybe best you block her from FF.

And Rooi, your small but very, very steady pip count is not going unnoticed, very nice.

And Captain Islander, Please keep an eye on my weekly post rate here on the thread because at the rate that my trading has turned for the worst since November last year I am going to need to be asking lots more questions. The overall loosing streak I am having is unsustainable and yes I have reduced lot size.

Edit..... Now that's 5 posts I just hoping that gets me some question credit LOL.

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Huskyboy you will find that a lot on here that will use MT4 for analysis but wont necessarily use it for their trade execution. Further to this and in actual fact they may use MT4 of one broker for analysis and be using a completely different broker for trade execution. All brokers platforms are slightly different and some are extremely easy for closing partial positions.

This is why also some cant show their trade history as the round circles with triangles in with a line extending to each, that shows precisely where entry and exit took place. Roois charts are a good example of what I am talking about as he places his trades with his MT4 broker. He can therefore show the triangles with line attached.

Cheers

anthm

--- 帖子 #743 ---
And just to keep the batting average up, this mornings trade.

Sat down originally thinking I may not get an entry in view of Japan public holiday.

Saw this GJ 35 minutes after TO with M15 stock exiting from 20 OS area and visualized it running up to PP which it did.

Once it broke PP was thinking I may get BRN but it was not to be. Entered with the plan of modest profit from the start.

+15.5 on a Tokyo holiday.

See you for FO

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #744 ---
my friend if you can't change the volume then you Type of execution in the Order window is wrong, you have to change first the Type to "Market Execution"

cheers

--- 帖子 #745 ---
As i trade on MT4, here it is. And like Islander says : I agree about only trading one of these two European Yen Crosses.....each day provides plenty of bankable pips from either of them  this is a GJ trade. For the moment, as i am short off time for trading, i only trade GJ.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Thanks i will try it.

To Intrepidpips , again thanks, i will look at it.

To Anthm, i was thinking about that. I have 2 live accounts, both MT4, but i only work with one off them

Thanks all

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Morning all

Off to an early start and trying to make some more time for the markets by trading the "move" after the Asian opens but does seem a bit slow and thin today.

FO should brings some volatility

+9 on the first for the day

Rooi

--- 帖子 #748 ---
OK thats me for today, small gain, no more time. See you guys tomorrow for FO

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Nice early start paying dividends

--- 帖子 #750 ---
LOL

If I can mange to keep them then Ill be happy.

Glad to see you making profits and posting.Start of the year is always a busy time for us guys not doing it full time.Trying to juggle everything and posting can be tough.

Hope the pips keeps on flowing for the year.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Morning,, long GU, bit of a toss up with EJ.

Exit @-2 and reversed.

TP1 +6 (missed +7 when briefly available), TP2 out @BE. Will consider re-entering TP2 if signal reforms

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Entered short on EJ @ 6.44, false start got out for cheap loss,

Out for the minute

--- 帖子 #753 ---
GM guys......LOL Anthm you are a regular poster, so no problem

I had a green arrow in cable at 6:53 and then in the 7:03 a green in UJ too, so had my finger on tthe GJ buy trigger.....BUT UJ didn't continue on up, so I'm still flat....

--- 帖子 #754 ---
sold gu at 6411, missed a sell in gj, so looking for a pull back....

Edit - closed GU on its second hit on the DP. UJ now has a green arrow, so scratch the idea of a sell in GJ....patience.....waith for the next BB squeeze....

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Morning Anthm, EJ looking like it would have been the better choice for me earlier, but hey ho we make our beds etc.

Not re-entering GU just yet DP too close.

strada.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
wow interesting to get everyone's thought process. 3 thoughts and all different.

Must confess I scalped in on GU on its run down to DP took +10, naughty I know.

EJ is killing me but I am short (again)

Charts later

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Hi all,

The Beast tested my resolve and won i took a short aimed for +30 and left with +5 and it blew past my TP after faking me out.

My first trade this week but done for the day, duty calls.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
I did sell GJ at 7:33 and closed in the HL at 7:49 - poor trading, after missing the initial sell in the 7:10 bar I was always on the back foot - chart later....

Edit: well done Intrepidpips.....ah - was it +30 or +5 ?

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Don't normally switch but long EJ

Update - TP1 +7.2

Update - TP2 reached +12, have taken +10 giving me +20. after the earlier trades happy with that result, will put charts on later.strada.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
OK - now I've looked I see what happened to Intrepidpips. Here's my chart and I'll expand on it soon...right now the 5m charts- GU, UJ, GJ are down, but 1m trying to turn up....

5m UJ & GJ were down from ~6:30. The GJ sell was in the 7:10 bar whilst in a BB pinch / squeeze.   The move stalled at the DP for ~15 mins and then there was a small spike up into the ribbonat 7:30 - another potential sell....and a couple of bars later, that Wide Ranged, high volumed red marubozo, so look to exit IF the move stalls - it did!

Note that my ribbon is not as "aggessive" as the one Intrepidpips is using.....

--- 帖子 #761 ---
well done, as you can imagine I have taken huge hit on my short EJ

I also long on it now and will quit with a loss if it doesn't go right.

Chasing my tail as usual

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Bought GJ at 8:22, just closed on hit of the BRN / **00 level - chart later...

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Charts for today. Total just short of 20. strada
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Price was in a BB pinch, so waited for the matrix to turn blue with price above the blue 25 ema and stochs going up too....small candles in the move, so the BRN was a logical place to exit....now allow price to "rest", so sit on hands and coffee.....

PS the 5m charts signalled buy in the 8:25 bar.....

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Charts for today,

the good the bad and the ugly.,Please feel free to critique

5 trades including 1 in Tokyo session

finished +20

As usual my big loss of 38.4 killed me

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Nicely done.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Some very nice trading and catching the up and down

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Nice work as Usual Islander.

BB Pinch or Maybe a waist line? Hour glass waist line??

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Thanks for the charts.Always like seeing the entries.

I should be able to join you guys for the full open in about 2 months from now.You guys are killing it as always

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Question is have you critiqued these yourself?  Its the only way to learn.  Why should you have not taken that losing trade?  Was the set up ok,right, or perfect?  What could you have done differently on the others to improve your risk reward ratio?  I could give you my own view but its what you see in relation to your trading plan that is important.  Its a really positive thing to do to share your cock ups.  My last word: patience.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Good recovery Anthm. Your 7.34 trade, what criteria did you use for that and do you use standard charts (non HA) alongside when you're trading?

strada.

--- 帖子 #772 ---
LOL - I'm all for pinched waists - or better a squeezed one

In your loosing trade, for me, the Higher Low at ~9:48 on your chart would probably have caused me to close out and that way "clear my mind" for another entry.....IMO your FIRST loss is ALWAYS your BEST loss......

PS another pinch in GJ with the buy signal at 9:09.....exit was after that WRB - a high volumed green marubozo with no follow through at 9:22......and I'm finished until NY.....BFN....

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Not paying attention properly this morning.  I caught the first GU up but missed the more important second as was too busy reading elsewhere (distracted by a FF thread) so 8 pips instead of 30 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #774 ---
One quick question Islander.

which settings do you use using the MA-Ribbon indicator?

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Hi Jeffray

He has asked the guys to look for the own answers and do a bit of work and research about it.

At the moment he is using the 25/60 EMA like shown in the picture and he said it in his post.

Im responding because he might not feel the need because he puts everything on his chart mostly

He said earlier "Price was in a BB pinch, so waited for the matrix to turn blue with price above the blue 25 ema and stochs going up too....small candles in the move, so the BRN was a logical place to exit....now allow price to "rest", so sit on hands and coffee....."

Just my 2 cents regarding this....

Rooi

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Found some time for a trade or two because I will not be around for NYO

+6 and +8 (low volatility IMO )

Rooi

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Hi Strada ,

I have been out since I closed and now back to read your post and look back at my trades.

Now that I look back, yes my 7.34 trade was embarrassingly not in the rules set. 5M stoch still opposite direction, Expensive SL, Late entry on old signals. I am at the moment trying to identify my thought process on entry and I think it was that of being very very hungry for the win. That of greed. In hindsight if I was to reenter legitimately I should have done it at 7.15 and the 7.49 bar would have seen me take profit and in credit. Point taken thank you. Please tell me if I missed anything else.

Strada yes I do keep a screen with normal candles on a lap top next to me and am interested as to why you brought that up?

Always a pleasure to receive your input

Kind Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Islander thank you for your valuable input, Higher lows on a 1M price pattern is generally something I would overlook

and yes your right it would have seen me out at a very cheap loss.

Staying in a trade that is going against me continues to be my biggest problem. I have raised the discussion here but it did not get a lot of hits.

Thanks again

anthm

--- 帖子 #779 ---
The T3 indicator aren't work here.

Can someone post other?

--- 帖子 #780 ---
I was aiming for +30 but left with +5.

I should have been content with BE, that way I'd have banked the +30 on the rebound.

Missed all the up and down action.

Tomorrow is another trading day.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
I dont suppose anyone has the source code for the ultra stoch indy?  I have tried contacting John (the author) but think he is awol.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
How are you confirming the BB pinch?

There is obviously the visual narrowing of the channel but can this be done objectively?

I have been looking for an indicator that can measure channel width and flag an alert. There must be one out there...

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Hello? Someone please share de T3_8 indicator please? They aren't working here.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Check the chart of islander that I posted in this post : http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...20#post7273520

The chart says BB squeeze < 25 . So that means when the top and bottom band are SMALLER(<) than 25 pips he qualifies it as a pinch.He has also said previously that he keeps a small square drawn on the screen with a 25 pip side to measure it by putting it on the BB

Rooi

--- 帖子 #785 ---
On the new build mine is also not working and I just haven't found time to look for a new one.Try the Genesis tools thread where all the gen indies are kept and discussed : http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...20#post7273520

I also now see that RJ or Xaphod has been kind enough to upload a whole new Zip file with the indies for the new 600 build in the first post at the bottom
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796

Hope that helps

Rooi

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Hi Rooi,

Great thread you have going here. Congrats and thanks to both you and islander on the resources and guidance.

You may want some clarification on the size of the pinch, 25 pips is quite large for m1 and m5, perhaps 2.5?, I just look for where price consolidates into a very narrow band and look for the volatility to come in and the bands to start to widen. You often get a fake on the first move so have to be careful on that but the other indicators offer a good degree of protection and any doubt, get out. This method of trading offer some good runs so a couple of small losses shouldnt hurt too much.

Also, checked everywhere for the T3_8 but cant find so will just have to put up with this for now.

regards

--- 帖子 #787 ---
just got the new matrix and indicators. Downloaded and works a treat.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Hi Gavalar

Thanks for the kind words but its really everyone that post here that makes it a nice thread including you

Glad to hear we have the T3 matrix indie problem sorted now.I will fix mine this weekend

The <25 means anything smaller that 25 pips on his GJ and EJ chart is considerate a squeeze I think.Really just a sign of consolidation / accumulation forming for the next "move" give or take a fakes or two like you said.Im sure Islander will say something about it.

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Hi Rooi and everyone.

Please can I ask those of you who are using the indicators of Xaphod, which are supplied and updated very quickly, *free of charge*, to please go to Xaphods thread here and say 'thank you.' It's a small courtesy and it is something that should go without saying

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Hi RJ

Thanks for looking in and keeping us on our toes regarding the proper ways things are done as there are often lots of people in the background that make FF and certain thread/projects/strategies what they are.

You guys have certainly done that with the Genesis.Thanks for the thread and to Xaphod for his part that brought it all together.

Happy pipping and good luck with the trading.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Morning, short EJ but on full SL.

Update Exit TP1 -2; TP2 -5. may switch to GU while EJ around DP

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Morning.

May i ask, as long as i open my MT4 and it does not make a pop up asking me if Metaqoutes has to make changes to my hard driver, i am safe ? I am not at all familiar with this stuff so it could be great problems for me

--- 帖子 #793 ---
No critiques but why short EJ at this point ?

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Was in the same boat.

- 3 and -4.7 = -7.7

Im not giving up on EJ yet though but will be running out of time this morning might only be back for NYO

--- 帖子 #795 ---
GM - bought cable at 6:43 and GJ at 6:56.....

PS I have 1m € as a buy.....

Edit> closed both in 7-20 bar on breaks of the 25 ema with it reversing to down....

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Hi huskyboy. For the simple reason that according to my trading strategy and my trading rules the signal was valid for an entry. The sl was very iffy which is why from the time I entered I had one eye on the exits.

@Islander, I was looking too with a view to a continuation type trade. Might yet join you though.

strada.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Hi strada.

Here is what I have done so far.

Go to any mt4 downloader or broker site  and download the new build and a new "instance" of mt4 and save it in my documents folder on the C drive and then install the new Zip folder files in the "new" mt4 instance and then update you charts and see if it works.That way you will forever have your old build on you computer working well as long as you leave it in you "programs files" folder they can not change it.You might in future not be able to trade from it but that wont be a problem for you.

So you have two mt4s.The old build in you program files and the new one you downloaded to your C drive in documents.Its a bit of work but will give you an insurance policy and peace of mind while everything is ironed out with indicators and platform etc.

For now im still able to trade of my old build and will update my new "instance" of mt4 with the new indies and updates and get it to work properly.Then I dont have to use the old build BUT I will always have it for backup.Send me a PM if I must explain a bit better or in detail.

I have to run.See you guys a bit later

Rooi

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Very nice Islander, I'd decided to go with cable whichever way it broke from its recent Hi&Lo, the signals were there for both directions. All happened very quickly, now out and in good profit. Charts later, early dentist app't, see you later.

strada.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
[quote=strada;7275824]{quote} Hi huskyboy. For the simple reason that according to my trading strategy and my trading rules the signal was valid for an entry. The sl was very iffy which is why from the time I entered I had one eye on the exits.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
hey mates,

just took this cable trade here and got out at - 8

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I was looking for a continuation of this up move, but unfortunately PA decided to go the other way...

For me I think it would be the best to wait until LO, leave the first big move and then look for trades! Everytime I try to catch the morning breakout, i get hardly knocked out!

One question regarding to the BB pinch Islander is trading... 25 Pips range is quiet alot... Do you look for this size on the 5m tf or on the 1m?

And do you enter when the BBs starts to widen or before?

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Hi Gavalar - thanks for your greaat explanation on BB pinch / squeeze - and yes , 25 pips is very wide, its really there in GJ as a REMINDER, so I will remove the number....actually the number of pips depends firstly on the contract - so I look for < 10 on UJ and also on the price movements prior to the pinch.....but what's important is that it should be easily seen that the BBs are pinching.......see below as soon as I can switch ' puters.....look at GU and GJ....

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Not pleased with my trading today, both my entries were "after the facts entries" Total result 11 pips

And that exit on the short shame shame

Just rewrote my rules last night, one off them : exit at cross T3MA.

Finished

--- 帖子 #803 ---
BB Pinch / Squeeze

This is just an alert and 1 of the 7 signals that are on my 1m chart.

To avoid any further confusion, I have removed that number.  As I stated in my previous post, the pinch should be obvious......just look at GU and GJ NOW at 8:10 GMT - so LO + 10 mins.....

--- 帖子 #804 ---
if

Thanks Islander, good examples as well of the actual move on both is opposite to the way price pushes the BB. Almost as if pullback is completing before the quick move opposite direction.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
@Jeffray @Huskyboy

IMO its best to NOT trade GU before mid Frankies Hour - 7:30 GMT.....obviously, there are some days that are "the exception" to the rule, like today!

I try to only enter whilst price is within 5 pips of the 1m 25 ema - you can easily add a +/- 5 pip band to the 25 ema as I have done in the past.....that "allowed" a sell in GU in the 7:20 bar and in GJ in the 7:21 bar.....

--- 帖子 #806 ---
agreed - trading BBs is an artform in itself with fakeouts and tests of both bands, so I just use it as 1 / 7 "boxes to tick"....

PS long GJ in 8:15 bar....

PSS its also useful to think of the pinch as the alert after one of Alien's "rest periods"

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Islander at that time mine stoch 30 was still pointing down, correct me if i am wrong. Thanks

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Well done Gents, you pair are way more nimble than me to get through that Frankie hour in profit

Well done

--- 帖子 #809 ---
I had my M30 changing from flat to up, M15 up with M15 ultra blue and crossing up thru its 20 level and M5 ultra blue and crossing its 50 level.....the standard M30 MTF stoch does lag a bit when compared with the Ultra Stoch which actually turned up at 8:05 on my chart.....

PS closed GJ in 8:47 bar - matrix all red and 25 ema turning down

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Ok thanks, i saw that set up but hesitated because off the stoch 30, i never trade against it. I will hace a look/surch for that ultra stoch.

--- 帖子 #811 ---
That is a good rule......but here, I have the M30 flat at ~ 30 from mid FH, so IMO "preparing" to follow the M15 and turn up - so IMO that "allows" a buy....

OK I'm taking a break - remember BOE and ECB later this morning......

whoops / a double post as I "lost" this one and so made another.....

--- 帖子 #812 ---
NP - I have M30 flat from mid FH and ~30 so for me that would allow a buy.....

You will find the Ultra Stochs in the File Attachments - click on the # 283 in the blue band at the top of this page....

I'm finished for now, remember BOE and ECB stuff later....

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Thanks they are allready on my charts  I had even a question on it but i will look for the answer myself.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
+ 13

Looking for it to double bottom and then I might get back in.

IMHO this move is complete BS for now. (ECB's Coeure says the ECB is considering a negative deposit rate very seriously)

So what is the press conference for if they just say wtf they want out of the blue like.Not complaining but just saying

Rooi

--- 帖子 #815 ---
I downloaded a 509 build from somewhere and simply copied .exe files over....

So far so good. MT4 now wants to update - no way!

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Its good if you can keep on old version but eventually the old build will stop working and then the people that didnt update will be where they are now so its best to keep/have both for now IMHO.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Careful Rooi, Mario talking later and recent press statement that Europe may introduce negative interest rates hence the sell off. Unless we see Draghi refute remarks, this could continue although I believe Euro Dollar is going to drop really soon anyway, as it up against a daily long term trend line.  Of course I could be wrong and it could break the other way.

Managed to grab  18 pips in this latest drop and should have but didnt hold. As I dont like holding prior to press conference or start of NY.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
+3.4 (happy with it.I do get the odd runners but not at this time of the day IMO)

Got scared out of it so dumped half

For a guy like me that cant trade the European open I have to deal with this BS.Not complaining just saying and trading accordingly.

Still waiting for the double bottom.UJ already Double bottomed.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
I find this time of day normally very quiet as well. I usually wait for after NY open and trade into London close.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
+7.7 ( Could have been slightly better or worse so just happy with that for now)

16.4 for the day

(-7.7 + 13 + 3.4 +7.7 =16.4)

Im done for the day unless I get the double bottoms or other pattern that I would like to see.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #821 ---
I like the Close as well especially the reversal of the the NY session news if there is an opportunity.

ECB bs normally stuffs my trading around because I like it when the market move "normally"(dont know if that can even happen)

Hope all is well on your side.You been hitting Asia?

Rooi

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Charts for earlier trades.

Trade 1 EJ. as I said I wasn't very comfortable with this set-up, signal was OK but a max SL and a steep wall to my left which I didn't want to have to climb to get out. Don't like feeling quite so exposed with so few options. Anyway it went to +3.5 before turning and fortunately left some new high points which I could use for exits, because after it turned I was only looking for the exit. In each case closed TP's at +1 over recent highs.

Trade2 GU. I liked this set-up, the previous move up was mostly gradual and around FR open it paused. It was a really tight little range and although I thought it would continue up also wanted to cover the possible short so put orders in for both with a 1pip buffer, so no need to put SL's on. The gap between HI & LO was 5 so my sl was 7 whichever way it went. Bit of a no brainer. This is another scenario that often happens around Fr open where the overnight moves are brought to a halt by the London lot who then decide where it's going. If there had been more of a "congestion" I wouldn't have done it but that narrow pause period is a bit of a give-away. Another reason to like 1min trading.

Glad to see all those pip gains from everyone else, see you all tomorrow, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #823 ---
I was frustrated today in placing an order on my build 509 platform, I kept getting the reply "OFF QUOTES" then when the trade was accepted, there was a 6 seconds delay before I could see my order on the chart. As price was making a u turn and I decided to take my pips off the table I was prevented, luckily I had moved to BE and the BE was not even respected, they kept replying me "ORDER LOCKED" and took me out at -3pips

Maybe my broker is trying to take advantage or this is just Meta Quotes trying to frustrate users of Build 509.

I upgraded a demo account to Build 600 and surprisingly only lost the use of one indicator -P4L CLOCK guess the author will have to recode it later and I might as well upgrade my Real Account if the demo is still performing well by weekend.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
You could also just use the old build for the signal and enter on the  new build if the problem persist

Rooi

--- 帖子 #825 ---
As I explained in my old thread, I have decided just to use the TVI part of the G Matrix as it gives more information, especially via its divergence with price......see 16:46 (14:46 gmt)

PS the colour changes happen at the same time as the top line in the matrix

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Now that would be just perfect. Imagine staying out of that subsequent rally which was captured perfectly by my system because of MQ"s inefficiency!

I wonder why Meta Quotes did not just perfect MT5 and find a way to migrate all Mql4 indies to Mql5 and then initiate a seamless upgrade, I keep saying that 90% of the "Corporate World" just do not have their "thinking caps" on.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
The captain just never rests

I like the idea.I will have a look at it over the weekend.

Thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Not just the corporate world.Imagine if everybody thought every now and again.Myself included

--- 帖子 #829 ---
LOL

I leave mine at home before coming to work at times.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Absolutely, and at some point MT4 will be decommissioned forcing us on to Mt5 and then we really are in trouble..

Software companies are like that

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Well done, I managed to climb the wall and couldn't breath when I got to the top.

It completely floored me for the rest of the session.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Morning Rooi,

Could you please explain how you draw these yellow S,R lines yourself?

Do you use the A for text and do it that way?

Reagrds

anth

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Morning Anthm

I just use the trend line tool (it should be on a task bar or the insert menu)

The most basic way and most important yellow line that I draw and look at is the double top/bottom ( DT / DB )

The DT/DB works well because if you think why it forms will give you a great view of the market.A DT / DB only means that the traders that move the market have decided to move the market in a different direction and so giving a top/bottom.

Other traders that come into the market that were trading in the other direction will see this move as a retracement and push it back again to the original high or low where the Big Boys will stop it and try again.

I want to try and identify that second stop and reverse because that is the pattern I love the most because of what it means is happening in the market and there is usually a very small SL on those types of DT and DB because if that top or bottom breaks then that means the Big Traders cannot for the moment defend that level.

Please bear in mind this is how I see it and it could very well be a monkey in space causes Double Top or Double bottoms and I dont want 200 people posting that I am wrong and they are right.This is just how I see it.

It takes a little time to get use to looking for it but it really helps

Look at the chart

1 - market makes a new high and stops at the round number and starts to drop

2 bulls think is a retrace and go for the high again

3 the double top forms and they have now capped price ( Genesis should line anywhere in the first 2-5 red candles)

4 the bulls make a double bottom and you can take your first TP of here and SL to BE

5 Big Boys and now retail all start jumping in and makes a push for 6

6 We make a Lower Low and try again

7 Makes a lower Double top and they push on.

8 & 9 Can happen for many reasons normally on the 5 min TF traders trading the 382 fib retracement of the move or what ever really.Hopefully you have stronger mind than me and you have not dumped TP2 yet and you can now take a nice extend target

10 Fails to make a double top

11 Fails to make a double bottom

12 Makes a double bottom we can try again .

It might not always be this clear but it is always there.The moves cant happen without patters and the DT / DB is the best and easiest in my opinion.

All vertical yellow lines are entries subject to GEN lining up

The HA candles help to see the top and bottom better because of the color change

Hope this help to show how or when I draw it.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Thanks Rooi !!!

Vey very very helpful

Especially for people like me who never traded the 1m timeframe.

Apreciate it!

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Morning. I took the earlier GU signalled at 6.35 thinking that price will at some stage either try to break the previous highs and continue upwards or more likely go back below the number, either to pick up the stops or a more corrective move after the overnight rise. TP1 done now waiting to see what happens around the number. typical pre Frankie activity.

strada.

Update ~ Exited TP 2 off 7.14 bar. Briefest touch on the number, thought of re-entering TP2 after 7.26 bar but no decent escape route so out for now, will watch how price behaves around this area.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Thanks Rooi

looks informative and brilliant however have not had a chance to take a good look

cheers

anthm

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Long GU with very tight stop, only 1TP, still expect price to go below number

SL now atBE,

and out it goes. finishing for the day now, don't know how much longer price will toy with the number. charts later.

strada.

--- 帖子 #838 ---
GM - a slow start.....bought GJ in 7:46 bar on signal in a pinch....UJ was long from mid FH.....GU a buy at 7:48.....

Edit:  SL to +10, need to get some to start my day.....

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Morning. Long GJ @ 169,49 chart later

--- 帖子 #840 ---
I took that also Strada, covered my costs, obviously out of it just now

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Looks like that's working for you

--- 帖子 #842 ---
So much for my reading the UJ action correctly this morning and going against the 15 stoch on EJ.

Live to trade another session I suppose.Really dividing my attention on the FO and LO so just NY session for the time being as I really just get myself into trouble when I cant focus completely on the task at hand. Decision made so not complaining just saying.

Lucky this morning to be back in the blue

+3

(+2 , -7{ re-enter tp 2 so just 1 position} , -3 , +11 )

Nice trading guys.I have to be off

Rooi

EDIT : Will be back for NYO

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Morning Anthm, there are a few areas of minor support to the downside but nothing that will present any real barrier if price moves down. It's quite a strong upward trend though, on the higher TF's so a move down, not so sure about that. Just had a brief test of the overnight high and so far rejected. Suspect this will be the start of some movement, which way, we'll soon know.

strada.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
closed at the **75 level after trailing SL behind the 25 ema.....looks like UJ has made a LH.....chart later....

Edit:  LOL.....that was a great example of why we should take partial profits......

--- 帖子 #845 ---
closed 40 pips

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Thanks worked very well

--- 帖子 #847 ---
WTG

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Cheers Strada, I am finished for the day, a rare decent profit for me.

25 this morning and 27 just now off that GU rally entered at 8.11 and was keeping a tight leash with my eye on the high at 7.56 a reversal off that was going to see me close. Anyway I live today.

Oh I had two false starts during Frankfurt but managed to cover my costs and not turn them into losers like I normally do.

No charts have to work tonight. off for a nap.

Cheers All

anthm

How did you finish?

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Charts for earlier trades, see you tomorrow, have a good day all, strada.

Well done Anthm, pleased to hear about your losses!!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #850 ---
this is a good example of why we should follow Strada's method of taking Partial Profits and leave the remainder to run......here it carried on up to the next level - the BRN / **00

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Good morning,

First trade today, 18 pips. Again, would have closed some but account is ECN so may have to split orders in future 10 pips left on table.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Thank you sir, learned it all from you.

@ Rooi thanks for starting this CLEAN thread, friendly and helpfull people

@ Realjumper i know you keep an eye on this thread, congrats with your's; only your rules kept me away but you got my respect for that.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Islander i was looking at your settings TVI; on the left chart with your settings i would enter long at 11,22; at the right i wouldn't

--- 帖子 #854 ---
I can see that you are trying a lot of different settings in your indicators and TVI 14,24,1 is not one that I have ever used.....10,10, 5 seems a good balance or even 10,8,4 for a very sharp response.

I would like to see a BB pinch and not price just flat with the BBs ~ 28 pips apart......for me it was sit on hands and wait for a better signal, especially with GU getting sold ~its 6650 level......coffee time

--- 帖子 #855 ---
+13

More innit but just want to get some in the bank for now

Been waiting for the UJ break lower since this morning

Rooi

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Nice catch of the Double Top reversal

I will definately have a Look on your way of trading! Like it!!!

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Its worth looking for the pattern as it gives you more confidence in the trade.

How many pips you can squeeze out of it is up to how well you can keep your head about you and be in tune with the bigger picture of the market

Good luck

--- 帖子 #858 ---
It really is everyone that makes it a nice place

Bedankt voor de vriendelijke woorden wat je hier plaatsen het.Ik heb naar je profiel gaan kijken en zie je bent al voor een lange tijd bezig om goed te doen.

PS Let me know if you dont understand otherwise Ill try my German but its not as good as my Dutch so might be worse

Thanks for posting here.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #859 ---
+14.4

+0.9 on TP1 for  a crappy fill.OH well

+13.5 on TP2

Really choppy=====> http://static.rcgroups.net/forums/at...f?d=1190427676

See you guys in the morning

--- 帖子 #860 ---
.....I pirated a few from GJ - posted you know where, so I will not repeat the post here....have a good evening....

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Will check it out

You too

Rooi

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Nou Rooi, jy praat ook 'n aardig woordje nederlands. Ek is bly dat ek hier mag wees.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
LOL

Djit gaan maar sukkel sukkel met die skryf.Die praat is makliker. Veral na n paar bierje.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #864 ---
toch een raar taaltje, dat zuid afrikaans, maar biertjes dat verstaan we allemaal  Als ik ooit zoveel geld heb als de zee diep is, spreken we eens af, altijd al naar Zuid-Afrika willen gaan

Dit ga je toch moeten translaten denk ik

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Niet,geen translaten nodig hier.Ek verstaan tog wel of goed wat je se spreken en inderdaad n goote droom van mijn om te gaan daar na  die omgewing waar je woon. Belgie is so na aan Nederland en sal ik ook in die toekoms daar gaan kyk hoe dit lyk.Die mense wat daar woon waarmee ek gesels klink altyd so vriendelijk.

Hoop jy geniet je aand verder

Vriendlike groete en wel wense

Rooi

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Hey mates,

can someone be so kind and post the TVI v2 indicator used here?

I tried to find it with the search engine here in the FF but couldn't find it...

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Likewise, thanks for setting up what has become a friendly and helpful community

--- 帖子 #868 ---
use the search engine in here, Islander's thread and while you are there read the whole thread, very informative

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...11#post7092311

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Search for TVI.ex4 and you'll find multiple hits

Edit: I've just been looking at your posting history and I see you are using the Genesis matrix. Therefore you already have TVI_v2....look in your indicators folder

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Morning all

I was looking for the TVI v2 as well but can find it.Did a search and I find many different ones but none have the white line running on the top of it.

I also cant seem to see it in the downloads from the GEN folder

It is most probably staring me right in the face and Im going to look like an idiot but what do you call it......

--- 帖子 #871 ---
You're right...the 'v2' version is not there because Genesis doesn't use v2.

https://www.google.co.nz/search?q=tv...AorOkAXe54DQDA

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Thanks for the link to find it RJ and sorry for the trouble. Gen does not use it and actually does not need it as it is apart of the matrix already.

We/I just try and make it more difficult  than what it needs to be.

Kind Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #873 ---
No worries.....Genesis doesn't need V2 because it doesn't use v2. But it needs TVI in the indicators folder otherwise the Matrix will not be able to display the TVI data in the Matrix.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Here we go.

See you guys later

Rooi

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Exactly.My wording is all messed up and I sound like I have been out drinking.

Thanks as always

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Mmmm - as I have said before, for the indicators that I use check the File Attachments both in this thread and my old thread.....its there on P2, posted on Mar2 2103 and Sept 13 2013

Early buy in GJ & GU at 6:37 but I was still sleepy...

--- 帖子 #877 ---
No worries

I could have posted the indi like you just did, but like Islander, I want to see people actually do some basic searching to find things for themselves, rather than be spoon fed. If a search on the thread shows up nothing, then search the whole of FF. If still nothing, google it!! As a 'last resort' ask for it.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Man.I spent some time last night and found yours in the mq4 version and then compiled it in the metaeditor and it gave me loads of errors so I gave up

Then this morning I downloaded the source code again and found the same person wrote it and it compiled perfectly and so I am at a lost for words with this hokus pokus going on here.Seem like I was just in a hurry last night and didnt do things right overlooked something somehow

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #879 ---
I completely agree.Some people as before they look for themselfs

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Me too, that bleu line was key level for me, divergence and all the rest. Off to work now, hope i get my pips. Bye

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Yep! GJ and EJ had M5 Alien RISOMA and Green stoch divergences long and then saw in Frankie M1 BBSqueezes, stochs rising, arrow, TVi long... like it!

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Hi RJ - good to see you back from your vacation - I do keep up to date on your great thread

Best

Islander

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Hi Rooi

Sorry I missed yor first PM

so far I have not been asked to update to build 600, so I'm thinking that my two MT4 brokers are waiting until these basic problems are sorted....so many up updates allready...

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Top o the morning all

Frankie so far with GU

Account protected at +13.7, looking for next move

--- 帖子 #885 ---
great trade and chart - saves me from posting one  we also had a power cut during the night, so I  had to crank up my desk top and I was way behind....

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Morning, early trade on EJ, was also classic bago trade. Exited with best close before news. See some using genesis to trade into high impact news, crazy stuff. Genesis is good but not that good that it can predetermine post news direction. Will probably finish with what I have, been a good week overall. have a good day and weekend.

strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Eur/Aud formed a nice triple top...

Iam short now, lets see how this is ending

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see, I dropped some Indicator off of the chart to find the "best" for me...

Keep you guys updated

EDIT: SL hit with -14.4 pips

--- 帖子 #888 ---
That's no fun to wake up to! I'm guessing that massive 16 screen array you've got hidden in your trading lair probably takes a bit to get going

--- 帖子 #889 ---
LOL - just 3 monitors on my desktop plus 1 laptop......long GU and GJ from pinch etc before LO......watching to see IF GU goes for its BRN.....or even its 2011 high at 1.6745....

--- 帖子 #890 ---
GJ and EJ long

all TPs hit !

TP 1: 6 pip x 2 = 12 pip

TP 2: 10 pip x 2 = 20 pip

TP 3: 15 pip x 2 = 30 pip

All together 62 pip in 10 Minutes

EJ
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GJ
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Way To Go - and good to see that you are selecting those indicators that YOU find best

I took partials in GJ as UJ stalled....

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Islander, seems we took the same GU. Interested to see where you get out.

Price stalling on it just before LO so I reduced my position by 2/3rds

Managed to capitalize on the last third for 46.7 for the session.

All from a single lap top in my hotel room in japan, absolutely dumping snow outside.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Another one:

just hit my targets!

again

TP 1: 6 pip

TP 2: 10 pip

TP 3: 15 pip

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

@ Islander

I know... but Iam more than happy to gain those pips

I haven't traded the M1 Chart before and have to get used to it step by step...

And by the way, I have to say a very big thank you to all of you guys!!!

Learned alot in trading charts like this in the past few days!!!

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Thanks for your charts Strada, was it the German prelim gdp you thought as higher impact than the French? or both?

Have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
LOL, did best I have done in weeks today from single screen. Maybe I should throw my other two screens.?

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Took partials at 6710 in 8:37 bar after the wider ranged, high volumed (hidden selling ) previous bar.....

Great from a single lappy too - I have duplicated charts with different settings on my monitors for research and different TFs too, but with the pop-up and audio alerts on both the ASCTrend and TVI you can IMO monitor 2 or 3 contracts just from a lappy....

--- 帖子 #897 ---
See how GU "rested" and allowed the 25EMA to "catch up" in a pinch before breaking above the BRN......negative divergence in TVI, so SL on remainder now just under the BRN....

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Well done.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Yesterday's FO was really choppy and I ended up chasing the market switching TF's and currency pairs and indicator combinations that I decided to take a break before I do something really, really silly.

Cant stay away from the market so I reorganized my charts and took a trade on demo.

Entry at M5 confirmation and exit at BRN.

Mid month and am still in the red, but I'm sure the month will end in green!

Enjoy the weekend

--- 帖子 #900 ---
told you about that blue line, a RBS-line. They happen quiet often, today it got broken (my entry) got retested (i should have bought more) and then ... bang. Look for it together with the indy's used its a great strategy. Shame i have a job and had to leave, oh well some day

--- 帖子 #901 ---
great trades were posted in here. Congrats to all  Backl to work now

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Nice trade sir!

I understand why you drew the blue line and what it represents but what does the RBS stand for?

Well gedaan!!!

--- 帖子 #903 ---
In the UK its generally the Royal Bank of Scotland which its then CEO - that egotistical di*k-head Fred Goodwin ran into the ground to the tune of GBP - 24.1BN back in 2008.......what huskyboy means I have no idea......

--- 帖子 #904 ---
LOL - Was a sh!t storm that whole year but I only started trading and paying attention to it all in late 2011 so cant remember it.Just remember a girl I knew who lost her job at RBS around that time due to lay-offs.So makes sense

What you looking at for the NYO as this is the only session I will be trading for the time being as Im busy else where for the FO and LO

Plenty of pips in the NY session just not as "easy" as LO IMHO

Rooi

--- 帖子 #905 ---
RBS = resistance becomes support

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Thank you

Your entries always appear to follow the same pattern and most of the time you draw that blue line.

Do you always wait for this to happen.For the price to form a low and then test the low or make a high lower and the once the price breaks the RBS and takes out the high then you enter ?

If so then where is SL under the blue line or the whole swing low?

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Nothing yet

--- 帖子 #908 ---
+ 5.1

+3.5

Cant long here because the EU is to high IMHO so sitting on the hands time for now

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Well...

THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU guys !!!

Another +27 pips

Tried it on Gold, and see it worked out very well...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We see the divergence on the TVIv2, plus the div. on the TDI, no higher high and the Volume was flatten out / lower.

btw, sorry for dropping the genesis indi... but I don't felt comfortable with it at all

--- 帖子 #910 ---
+7.6

A long a crappy afternoon.Late entries .NY traders out with the secretaries for V-day I suppose

I could have traded better and had a count but satisfied with it in the end

See you on Monday for NYO

Rooi

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Chart from this morning. PA made a L and LL and was now in the making off a HL; we had divergence (see the lows off the TVI and compare with the lows off the EMA 6 bands, obvious i believe), i had my RBS line allready on it and that would be my entry zone. From then it was just waiting for that line to brake together with all the valid signals. My SL is at previous SL/SH and as soon as possible at BE (been stopped out many times p)

At the moment there a SBR line at 170,21, from there there would have been 1 valid signal short and 1 valid signal long.

Prettig week-end Rooi, and all the others.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Looks like your nailing it

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Makes plenty of sense.Will be looking for it in future.

Geniet die naweek /Enjoy the weekend

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Something to look out for, I'm going thru my charts to see previous instances like GU this morning.

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Me neither, how long can we wait with updating?

--- 帖子 #916 ---
I think the old build will work for another couple of weeks until they have sorted some major issues to the new build.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
So far my new build working well.Still have my old build saved  as a backup just for if any major new build Armageddon happens.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
A Windows update has just forced me to do a reboot and so far my two major MT4 brokers have NOT asked me to update to Build 600 so I guess that they are not yet happy with it and dont want loads of extra work sorting out unhappy clients.....

Check out the G Matrix thread, RJ and Xaphod have posted several updates for B 600.....a usual, a class act, thanks Guys

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Hello all

My live account upgrade went well, I have a backup running on another computer, hope I wont need to revert to it.

GJ did 100 pips in the Asian session, what will it do @ FO?

--- 帖子 #920 ---
My first trade for this week.

Here on GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Couple of minutes before the LO.

Was looking for a short because TDI and TVIv2 shows a bearish divergence... First target of 6 pip was hit and SL to BE +1.

2nd and 3rd part of the trade got stopped out.

And then... I missed the LO and the big move...

Anyway +8 for now. Off to work

Happy trading for all of you and also a very nice week!

--- 帖子 #921 ---
GM - I spoke too soon, another MT4 upgraded and so far all OK....

The early FO action is becoming more interesting with both EU and GU giving early sells.

Later, UJ gave a buy signal at 7:51 and so I was watching GU and GJ closely and bought GJ in the LO bar.....set partial TP at 170.98 which was hit in the 8:02 bar.........chart later....

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Closed remainder in 8:18 bar after a LH in a high vol small shooting star......GU had a sell signal at 8:13.....

PS Note how on the 5m charts, both EU and GU are holding under their 25 EMAs whilst UJ turned its 25EMA up just before FO......GU made another 2 year high overnight and next has a 3 yr high at 1.6877.....

--- 帖子 #923 ---
you could take profit on half and leave the remainder to run with a SL to say +1 .....

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Morning guys.

Didint get a buy signal for EJ but im short now

TP 1 taken at 3.2

TP 2 still open

Chart to follow.

Might be a funny day with the euro group meeting happening so expecting a "surprise" news release that will jolt the market.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #925 ---
also, its a US Bank Holiday.....so a thin afternoon.....

--- 帖子 #926 ---
And no real news scheduled so might be a whole lot of nothing going on today.

OH WELL at least is Monday.Made it trough a whole weekend without any movement in the market so at least I get to see it inside a 5pip range later

Rooi

--- 帖子 #927 ---
morning guys, no trades for me; stoch 30 held me out off the trade  Should have relied on the Ultra Stoch, because it was pointing up before LO.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
here it is....

--- 帖子 #929 ---
+10.1

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Hey jeff, is that TDI mtf

--- 帖子 #931 ---
+7 and going nowhere INHO

Expecting  a SL run and then a move down

Rooi

--- 帖子 #932 ---
+11

Should have been in on the down but busy else where.

See you guys tomorrow if nothing else presents itself

Rooi

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Hey,

no, Iam using the standard version

If you like I can Post it later on?

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Thanks for the gesture I would have preferred to try out a mtf version I have the standard version

--- 帖子 #935 ---
well, I found this mtf version here on FF

but unfortunately I can't get it to run on my charts... It's freezin my MT4 immediately

Attached File(s)   TDI-MTF v1.02.mq4

7 KB
|
212 downloads

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Hi,

I have this one of TSD (2011) not sure it works with build 600 ...

--- 帖子 #937 ---
GM - sell signal in cable at 7:44; SS in UJ at 7:49 = sell GJ in a BB pinch at 7:48 - chart later....target ~ 171 BRN

--- 帖子 #938 ---
+ 8 ( Could have , Should have been better but Could of been worse)

See you guys for NYO

Rooi

--- 帖子 #939 ---
@ 171.64 out for 39 pips, took the trade before i went to my job (where i am now )

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Took partials at the BRN and the remainder after the small red marubozo with high volume was followed by a graveyard doji close to the **75 level with TVI showing +ve divergence..

Edit: The actual high was at 5:53 at the MR 3 level and the low so far is at 8:36 in another graveyard doji at the MR 1 level - 116 pips / 164 mins.

There were several potential entries and the one that I took fell 70p in 47m......

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Nice trading captain

--- 帖子 #942 ---
but that was a nice start to your day

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Just wondering Captain is there a MTF version of the TVI histogram?

Daydreaming

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Thanx, it sure was, but it was a risky one. I entered the trade, putted a sl and tp and went to my job; it was only then that i saw the result, about 2 hours later.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Sorry, I have no idea and IF there is, would it work on this buggy v600?

--- 帖子 #946 ---
UJ heading down, so could only take this buy in cable.....entry is clear, took partials after the WRB - a green marubozo - with very high volume.....trailing stop on the remainder behind (under) the 25 ema.....

--- 帖子 #947 ---
+7.6

Lets see where we go from here

Rooi

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Islander,

I have been looking at the TVIv2 for more than  two weeks. Although I still use the entire matrix on two time frames to identify trend and counter trend moves which will determine target and SL distances. In only using the the TVIv2, have you found your entries are better, or is it just cleaner on the chart? Have you found value in only using that version of one of the matrix components instead if the full matrix?

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Im looking for some continuation lower but the BOJ keeps talking it higher.

Nice trading today.One day I will be able to "see" like you do

Rooi

--- 帖子 #950 ---
I changed to just the TVI_V2 as I had noticed that the top line of the matrix was usually the first to change colour by 1 or 2 bars before the others and as I am trading the 1m charts this is important.  Also, the actual TVI gives 3 signals - its change of colour, its cross of the zero line and divergence at turns - so for the advanced trader, more info IMO than the matrix.....remember that I still have 5m & 15m charts open, but I usually just post the 1m....

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Hey, you're doing well, running a thread and trading is never easy!.......the rest is down to live screen time.....I must be several thousand hours north of 15K....

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Working on it the hours.Thanks for the nice words.

What type of SL do you use?

Is it a set amount of pips or just under the last swing.Do you trail the profits?

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Hard SL on entry in MT4 will be 11.1 to 15.5 pips depending on the contract with my mental SL the other side of the 25 EMA and hard stop moved to +1 asap and yes, I use a loose trail until I see the move slowing when I will tighten it

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Can you post a chart to see this trade please?!

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Thanks for posting the indicator

Will test it

--- 帖子 #956 ---
here's my entry and then i went to work. Lower highs, bearish pinbar, bearish divergence, ASCT Arrow and the stochs made me enter, sl at swing high 171.86 tp at 171.25. Its not one off my habits to be in a trade when i am not at home.

Question, there's that slope thing on my charts and i can't get it off. Suggestions

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Count me in, i am also working for it. I am trading live but not trading for a living. I hope ......end off the year

--- 帖子 #958 ---
All your hard working is paying off you can see it in your entries and the patience with exits

Good Luck im sure you will meet you goal.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #959 ---
no direction untill news

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Which contracts and which news?.....first up is UK news for GBP in a couple of hours

Sold GJ in 7:44 bar....GU flat, UJ down at 7:33.....EJ was probably the better sell as € < 25 EMA...

Whoops - cable spiked up, out for +1 on tight stop....

Edit: Long GJ in 8:03 bar as UJ turned up, joining GU....also bought GU at 8:00 on small PB to MR 1 level

--- 帖子 #961 ---
that news

me too

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Took partials in GU at 8:10 as it stalled in a resistance area ~ R1, yesterday's high and a 50% retrace with TVI divergence - also in GJ....chart later

--- 帖子 #963 ---
+2.1

1st trade -6.2 ( -3.1 X 2)

2nd trade +8.3 (3.1 + 8.3 )

Busy elsewhere and will see you guys for NYO

Rooi

--- 帖子 #964 ---
How do you manage that ?  Great trades

Out for 10 pips (cross of my T3MA). The bollingers weren't there when i entered, i putted them on afterwards to see their use ?

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Its positive Rooi  I am done for today, a little studying from now and then off too work

--- 帖子 #966 ---
It is in the the positive so not that unhappy with it seeing as I went against the direction it decided to take for the morning.

Yours looking good.

Yip my J O B keeping me from the trading screens as well.

If we put in the work into our trading we will get there in the end.

We can have anything we are willing to struggle for.

Rooi
:nerd:

--- 帖子 #967 ---
The first trade - a sell - was a wash fpr +1

In the second trade, a late buy, exited the remainder after that slightly HH with -ve TVI divergence.....

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Nice trading and good exit and reasoning

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Sometimes I don't understand the market... For example the GBP news. They were all green except of one, so I would expect the market is heading north, but instead it is dropping like a cold stone on GBPJPY...

Can someone bring some light in this...

--- 帖子 #970 ---
The one that wasn't green...the unemployment rate, is the most important. And that is so because the whole economy can rise and fall with unemployment because productivity goes down with rising unemployment, welfare costs go up, less people to pay tax etc etc etc.

Hope that helps?

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Have had a short break. First trade for a while.

EA short today 22 pips.

Felt like momentum was failing so moved to aggressive stop. Was aiming for BRN. Could have been a bit more patient but okay pips.

The only trade for the day - unfortunately missed a good GY short opportunity, but oh well.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Hello, Islander, I like your Chart pattern GJ, how about posting m15 & H1 H4 TIMEFRAMES. I  am trading  at tf h4 & H1, what should be the settings for :-

1.ultra sto color 833

2.TV1 V2 (10, 8,4 )

3.SonicR Pv Hist (20, 10 )

4. Is the green cloud- belongs to Ichimoku

Thank you for your guidance &   help. May I know where do we get the above template for download, thanking in in advance. Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Good trade, clean chart but what is that dark- and lightgray background on your stochs ? Thanks

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Its frustrating to have a dayjob knowing that i took 10 pips this morning on GJ at LO and seeeing the chart right now, especially around NYO; what a clear long signal for about 100 pips .

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Same for me... Its bad to have a "sniper weapon" on my pc and I can't use it... only once a week...

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Hey Francis

If you like Islander's charts, have you read through his previous posts, say for the last 3 weeks? If so you would have found post 4563 from his own thread regarding higher time frame charts and trading...

“Why not trade the higher TFs. Firstly, which TFs to trade is not only personal preference, but is also dictated by the time a trader has available to actually trade.

I live in Spain and thus in THE best TZ for trading the European Session which has 4 major market closes and 3 major market opens. This allows me to trade the shorter TFs and take advantage of the smaller Intra Day Swings which offer between 150% and 200% more pips than the Average Daily Range. I also prefer the action offered by the lower TFs. “

There's a lot more to read in the post...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...80#post7255080

And reading some of his slightly earlier posts you see his multiscreen (including m15) chart setup (in fact he posted one of these in the last couple of days), would find out he his is still tweaking method (and what has changed in recent times) and that he updates his H4 charts BY HAND...[Edit: and that his cloud is an MA Ribbon] it's amazing what you learn with a little research

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Thanks - it is just Stoch-Tape for the same TF as each stoch.

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Morning GJ M5 entry long

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Well shit happens; out sl -25 pips; staying in it while all the stochs are pointing down and still hoping for PA to turn long ....

Glad i have a dayjob

--- 帖子 #980 ---
IMO SL was pretty expensive given that it was a CT trade. Also didn't appear to have enough strength behind it for a trend change. Just my 2c.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Hey mates,

sorry for beeing a bit late... Here are my yesterday trades.

On Ej I expected a bounce off of the pivot line close before an during LO, which worked put quiet nice!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This short on GJ right after LO gave me a TP1 for 6 Pips and 2x BE+1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All in all I made 65 Pips on these trades

Until I entered and got stopped out on Gold...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

-25 x 3

at the end -10 Pips

What I have learned from my trades... I will not enter the market before LO!

Everytime I try to catch the Breakout I got burned!

With this System we have ALOT of trades during the day, there is no need to get the first big move of the day...

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Hi AutoBotGo

Nice trade.

What is the function or your function for the stoch-tape.How does it affect your analysis or entry approach ?

Regards

Rooi

.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
It is mostly aesthetics  Being able to quickly look at a chart and match the ultra stoch with the binary direction of the tape. I like the visual contrast.

I've also modified the tape on one of my charts so that it changes colour based on above or below 50 (with a higher stoch), but I'm not using it at the moment since I'm trying to focus shorter-term to reduce my risk.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
GM Guys - and thanks Rooi.....bought GJ in 6:50 bar....more & chart later....

@francis3388 Please read my post # 721 on page 37 Thank you.

Edit: took partials at 7:19 as UJ hit its S1 and GJ hit its MS 1.....it is still FH....

Edit: closed remainder in 7:26 bar after a slightly HH with lower TVI....

--- 帖子 #985 ---
FYI, this is why I like this trade

Edit: apologies, previous comment that cable was falling was incorrect as I was looking at another chart

--- 帖子 #986 ---
+29 Pips and target is achieved. Today i was feeling much better so i decided to trade.

I placed trade little early. I think i should wait for PA to move little more down but i had feeling that there could be quick drop.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Was away from the screen so missed this opportunity

EY short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Quick 18 pips on EJ after BBSqueeze with arrow and stochs down, TVI going negative...although a bit of a quick exit as it's Frankie and left a few pips on the table...

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Pretty big gap in the Euro on my charts with the news.

Took a quick 23pips from GA short on LO.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Great entry

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Well GJ outperforms as my favorite besides Gold

High sell Volume and a very flat TVI were showing the sell direction!

TP1 +13

TP2 & 3 +21 / +21

A nice start in the day with 55 pips in the bank

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Hi Aamad29

I got the Waddah Explosion indie yesterday but I'm wondering which settings you use?

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Hi occamsrazors

Nice trade.

What is the name of the the indicator that makes the blue on your price chart.Its the solid line that declined right after the drop

What do you use it for.

Regards

Renaldo

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Thanks Renaldo, that is the M30 10SMA drawn on the M1 chart. I use an indi called 'All MTF MA', it allows you to draw MAs, esp EMAs, from a higher TF on a lower TF properly, and it draws them in steps which is pleasing to my eye for some weird reason!

It just gives me trend, I try to trade long above it and short below, but will trade against it with good reason eg a divergence

--- 帖子 #995 ---
+15 on 2 trades

A little bit of back to basics as all these lines are hurting my eyes again.

Keeping the TVI and Arrow(shows the Matrix lining up if im correct so there is plenty of info in the arrows.

Rooi

:nerd:

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Makes sense and I can understand why you use it

Always try to understand everyone chart fully.

Nice and happy pipping

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Plenty of charts already posted, so no need for more.

€ and €J had a classic "sell the rumour, buy the news" move and cable also fell to test yesterday's low taking GJ down with it

UJ re-tested the support area on the chart that I posted earlier with a small spike below the important 101.68 level before turning back up that has so far pushed GJ up 50 pips and EJ up 40 pips - I have been in both moves....

Now to see IF the US traders agree and we get another leg up in UJ with € and cable also holding their lows, which will translate into good EJ / GJ moves.....TWT

--- 帖子 #998 ---
I expect EURUSD will bounce back up on CPI news later..

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Hi! Islander, btw, please guide me as how & where to click # 721 on page 37, this is my 1st time going back to the previous post, thank you  for your help. I would

much appreciate that. Bye Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...79#post7270779

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Very good idea!!!

I decided to do the same! To much indicators on the chart and all telling the same...

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
OK - because you are new to Forex Factory I will explain....at the top and bottom of each page is a list of the Page Numbers.....for this thead the numbers go from 1 to Page 51.......so work your way to Page 37......

The accepted protocol in FF is that you SHOULD always read the first post in ANY thread so that you understand what the thread is about and the traders that the thread is for....this thread is for experienced traders who have already read the Genesis Matrix thread and also some of Alien's thread.....so follow these suggestions and you will be helped.....ignore them and you too will be ignored.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
html / Flash   VIDEO: MT4 Build 610: Help! Where's my indicators?
mp4 / mobile VIDEO: MT4 Build 610: Help! Where's my indicators?

I found this to be so helpful when I downloaded and installed a new Demo account, so for anyone still having issues with Build 600+ just try these steps.

Rooi how do you include multiple quotes in one reply, I'm yet to learn that?

Thanks.

IP

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
I like the trimmed down look of your chart the Matrix arrow replacing the Matrix, i might adopt but what about the mtf Stoch crossing, I think I'd do a check at Forex-TSD for a mtf TVI histo, what do you think?

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
There must be a really easy way but I press quote on the post i want then it displays the "code" for it in a new reply window.I then copy that section and cancel the reply and click on the new post that I want to quote and it opens a new reply window with the new quote in it.I then paste the previous one in the window and then both are displayed

If you want to do three then just copy these two together and start from the beginning.

Please let me know if I need to explain more

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Sounds good

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
We have a mtf TVI histo in the form of genesis matrix. I once altered it so that it displayed only the TVI line. Or were you thinking more along the lines of TVI_v2? I actually had a look for that in mtf the other day - found one which was MT5 and another which didn't work or wasn't compatible with b600 (from a brief look over).

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Ok post the one you have let's have a go at it, I'd get round to Fx-Tsd  later.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Took a long EA after NY open. 28 pips. Exited too early, but was happy with the pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'll make the changes that I made to the matrix in the updated version in case there are any conflicts.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Okay here it is. Nothing fancy - I'm just an amateur coder.

Just the TVI component of the matrix. Works for me. Let me know if there is anything else I can help with.

Attached File(s)   TVI_MTF GenesisMatrix 2.22.mq4

13 KB
|
320 downloads

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
+ 5 ( closed due to news)

See you in the morning

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Thanks Autobotsgo. But I am still confused about the 6610 version  where shall I save the indicator, please?

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Same as all indicators now.

Should be: C:\Users\Home\AppData\Roaming\MetaQuotes\Terminal\"Your MT4... long code here"\MQL4\Indicators\

What I've done is made a shortcut of the MQL4 folder in the chain listed above and put the shortcut in my main MT4 directory.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Or click on the FILE menu and select DATA FOLDER then MQL4 and then INDICATORS and paste the new indies there.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Thank you very much, Rooi.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
+19

Same level as before the news.

Really trying to work on better levels to trade off so I can have more confidence to hold once it starts moving my way to help with countering loses.

You know the drill ...... bla bla bla

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Exactly

Nice trading

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
But be careful because only this indicator is not enough, you have to use your own analysis and then it could help in your decision.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hello, Islander, welcome to your timely guidance which is helpful to new traders like me.  As said, I will start from the early post, one at a time, thank you for your

contribution , happy trading, Bye

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Hi aahmad

I wanted to ask you if you have multiple potions into one swing because if I look at the time then it shows you had three open positions.Is this common for you to average into a 1 or 5 min swing like that.If so what is your SL normally ?

Very nice trading and thanks for posting

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Top of the morning

+4 and + 8 = 12 for the first one.Little late

Looking for a double top rejection here or any other sign that we might be turning and will re-enter from higher again and will see if it is something I can try and hold.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
clean chart, good trade Rooi

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
just looked at the chart, i will never learn it, closed this one for 20 pips

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Nice trade setup and entry.

We are all getting there.We just have to take it one step at a time.Some trading days are better than other.

Heep the faith

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
+ 13

Was in it twice.My brain did the WTF are you doing thing and panicked .LOL. Cant believe that still happens.

Got back in though

Thats me for the week unless a nice opportunity sets up

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
and it hasn't been said before but CONGRATS WITH YOUR THREAD, already more than 1000 posts

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Thanks huskyboy,its guys like you that make it

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
really nice trading guys!!!

Iam just showing my last trades from yesterday on Gold...

1st trade hit TP1 with +8, the tworemainder were stopped out at BE +2

2nd trade hit TP1 with +7 the two remainder were closed at +15

All in all +47 Pips on those trades

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
I was surprised to see my chart. Yes sometimes i look for small opportunities. I give little explanation on my chart. You can see the vertical green line on the chart. It was my point where i made decision that sell momentum was not enough to push price down. There is another indicator on the chart and it shows me that price is going up again so i had multiple buy positions. Indicator at the bottom of chart is "waddah attar explosion". My stop loss is 5 to 10 pips normally but sometimes i donot take chance and as soon as price go into negative, i close the order. My SL varies according to setup.

Aahmad29

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
closed it for 10, got my loss from yesterday back

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
GM Guys - nice pips

I bought GJ too in the 6:42 bar.....the Australasian highs in GU and UJ projected a high of 170.94 for GJ which is also today's R1 level, so I exited in the 7:03 bar as that wide ranged high volumed green marubozo hit that level

PS Currently long GU, will add GJ IF UJ turns back up

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
You talkin this one GU Captain ? M5 and H1 divs still in operation from earlier...out for 25 pips on the sonic vol candle although could chance this will move on this time...

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Yes, that was the one, took partials in the 8:07 bar as you did and the remainder after the LH at 8:16.....now I'm in a GJ sell from 8:16, but not liking UJ which is holding ~yesterday's high of 102.42.....may take a small loss IF it bounces up

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Here's what Alien would call a fireworks trade I think on EJ ...Big Div on M5 (big gap between M5 black stock and green stoch at the high). I missed the short from the highs (it never really gave a LH) but got the second entry with the BBSq, arrow, stochs all good... exit at the sonics 20 pips... edit: woops would help if I attached the chart...

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Banked a few after the WRB at 8:34 a higher volumed marubozo hit the earleir low and stalled....UK Retail Sales at 9:30 GMT so coffee time....

Edit: UJ finally broke down under yesterday's high.....took GJ down a bit more towards its 170.50 support area....

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Hello, Islander, your guidance is much appreciated. I am now following the thread step-by step, thanks again, happy trading. Bye

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
to all, enjoy your weekend

to Rooi, geniet die naweek

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Baie dankie.

Hoop jy het n wonderlike naweek.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Hi Rooi

I use some indicators along with genesis trading system but i found that TVI v2 indicator is very useful. I am still testing this indicator and it seems that this indicator is not repainted after closing the candle. I am still testing and just wanted to confirm from you. Please can you tell me about that this indicator repaints or not ?

Regards

aahmad29 (Now 34 )

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Hi aahmad(now 34)

To my knowledge it does no repaint BUT im not 100% sure.I will we can check on Monday.

The problem with it is the zero line.It does not tell you if it is bullish or bearish but I use it at Tops and Bottom for the color change and divergence

How have you been thinking of using it?

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Easy 34 pips to start the week.

EA long.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Just a quick scalp EA short to 1.53. +9 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Hi

Nice start to the week.Do you always just trade the 5 min EA and GJ ?

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Yes, i was thinking in same way (Top and Bottom and divergence).

Regards

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Hey,

Thanks. I've been transitioning to a hard 1min entry with reference to 5min from a previous 5min entry with reference to 1min.

Trading EA, GA, EY, GY, GU. Watching AU for reference against EA and GA.

To more trades today - both stopped at BE. GY long (should have gotten 15 pips but moved to BE too soon) & GA long. Pretty smooth start to the week.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Messed up my smooth start. Long EY and GY both stopped out at -10pips each.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
+2

After two trades

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Good morning guys

my trades for LO

first one was Gold and it kicked me a bit hard in the back

-17 x 3 =  - 51 Pip after the first trade.

After it made a new high and was around resistance 2 and lost volume I entered short with 6 positions because I was expecting the buyers will take some money out of the market, and finally the did...

Closed all positions for a plus of 60 Pips. Back in the greens

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The last trade was right on LO on GJ

TP1 +6

TP2 +10

TP3 +13 manually closed on support

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Good to see you get your pips back Jeffray. Nice GY short.

Made back just 10 pips from EY long on LO. Made an absolute mess of it - should have not been stopped out and should have just taken profits at DP.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Hi Rooi

Found TVI mtf but they've been unable to decompile on my 610 Build.

Seems you are about to jettison the mtf Stochs, I'm working on some other M1projects at the moment, may or may not resume trading with the mtf Stoch depending on the outcomes.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Traditional Genesis Trader using a 1 minute chart who is currently unable to post on the genesis thread. I tend to look for reentries and try not to take original breakout moves as you can see. Keeping losses very small more often times less then 5 pips and finding those big wins. Total +25 pips meets my daily goal and now its time for bed.   A big thanks to everyone here and RJ and the original genesis thread.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
It what I try to do as well and working on stretching my winners a bit further.

Nice idea of the "tape" and entering technique.

Hope you will post more examples

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Hi

I don't know about throwing away the MTF Stoch just yet.At the moment I do the job of the Stoch in my head on the other chart.All the stoch tells us is the position of the price relative to the price(high/low) a certain amount of bars back as well as if its moving up or down based on the "color" of the line.

Still very useful just dont want to cloud my brain with seeing it on the chart at the moment because I find myself staring at it

Good Luck with your other projects.Please do share if you find something we can or might use.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Thanks Rooi

Found the tape to always be more appealing to the eyes essentially the same info as the matrix.  Another one of xaphods great indicators. Just wanting to contribute as you and others have done all along.

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
I  have an EA  based off the GMTS dash an overview of the matrix created by Xaphod    It was created by my own set of rules and it certainly took away too much of my own personal time trading.  I am unsure if anyone is familiar with his indicators but if you are interested I can provide it here. Unfortunately I don't want to spend any more time on it since it never worked to my liking.  Any programmers here?

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
I would not mind having a look at it pls

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Hi i got some pips in this ranging market (Monday) using swing trading. I still have some pending orders.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Now i am changing my weekly target. Now my Weekly target will be 90-100 pips instead of 40-50 pips.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
sounds great buddy!

But remind yourself to not overtrade

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Since I am not allowed to post on the genesis thread I will include this here.  I hired a programmer to automate Genesis matrix according to Xaphods Dash which includes 4 different columns  essentially genesis matrix with 4 different times frames.  At the time I was confident this was going to work but the problem still lies with consolidating markets which I assumed would be filtered out by  a 1 hour 4 hour and daily column.  In order to run this successfully you will still  need to download the necessary indicators from Xaphods thread.  If you have any ideas to make this successful  I can include it in an updated version of the EA but It will still need   to be fully back tested manually prior to investing any more money into an EA that's not fully functional.  I am still unsure if this will  run  on the new mt4 build so please don't ask me anything I am unsure of myself.   These are the rules:

All trades will be based off the Dash indicator which includes 4 time frame columns based on the Matrix.  Entry and Exits will be included below.

1. Column 1 will be the trigger and will enter only when columns 2,3 and 4 is all the same color.  I would like to configure the time frames to my liking.

2. Trade will exit when column 1 turns opposite color.

3. Hard stops, limits and trailing stops will also  be programmed into the ea along with a news filter.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Thank you

Will have a look at it

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Nice trading as always

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
anyone shorting GJ? I missed a nice signal at M1... due to work related activities....

I was eyeing and waiting for the right signal, then suddenly I got to do some work, after I come back, the price moved already.....sigh....

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
+7.1 ( could have entered much better but eyes not on the charts)

I had to close as I have to run BUT like previously stated as from the 1st of April I will be able to trade FO and LO properly as I have changed my schedule.

Good Luck and happy pipping to all

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Nice one Rooi

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Entered and remained in trade on retracement due to strength on the 30 minute stochastic. Exited on pivot.  4 trades for the night

-3 pips

-3 pips

-1 pip

+40

total 33 pips

weekly total 57 pips. Great start to the week

I am done for the night. Have a great night trading everyone

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
GM - Sell at FO as both GU and UJ confirmed sells....exit after WRB with high volume broke todays pivot....gross pips shown

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Nicely done.

Would you  mind sharing those entries if it is not too much trouble or you can just tell me why you closed them or the enrtry time and I will go and find it.Do you always trade with just 1 TP

Thanks for your time.

Rooi

:nerd:

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Glad to see the captain hasn't abandoned this ship.

Thanks for posting.

All the best to you

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Thanks mate

Looking forward to you charts

Good Luck and Happy trading

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
If you have an opportunity I would read RJ's 1 minute PDF file from the genesis thread because its a wealth of information. Honestly price action and chart reading is the key to exiting losers quickly. As for my own analysis the 30 minute stochastic is a key indication of price strength. If the 30 minute doesn't follow thru after entering utilizing my 1 minute chart 5 15 minute stochastic I will exit quickly with a minimal loss. You will notice the 30 minute stochastic didn't have any follow thru (flat) when I entered however the stubborn person I am, I did enter more then once even when the 30 minute didn't agree.

Now look at the successful trade for 40 pips. Completely different story. Yes I only trade with 1 tp and Will look for reentry if everything agrees.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Rooi

Just wanted to tell you I am so glad you started this thread.  I know that we all use different indicators and see things differently but in the end lets just make some positive pips.  There are good traders in here and would love to see charts keep being posted.  An old dog still  could learn some new tricks.

Also, I always wanted to share the EA because I still believe theres still some merit to the darn thing.  Just needs more tweaking.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Thank you.

I will have a look at the pdf again as there is always something new to take into consideration.

I know Islander works with the 30min Stoch as well.

As always thanks for the charts and explanations

I will have looking into the 30min Stoch again and see if there is anything I can use it for or derive some info from it in a way that does not affect me to much.

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Nice trade BTW

Daft question but how do you get the string "Wait for BB Squeeze" displayed as a visual reminder. Helps discipline. Nice idea

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
It traders like yourself and countless others that make it a good place to learn from.

Lots of young dogs "stealing / learning " the tricks from the successful traders who are willing to share.

Regarding the EA

Its very difficult to get proper EA that works really well as a lot of trading is "perception" as you know.EA's are mathematical instruments and so must be have a mathematical explainable edge.Very difficult to find IMHO.

Like I said I will have a play about the idea but they tend to be very complex if they are to be successful.A GenMatrix EA is always a good idea as the signals can be very logical.I most probably think that it would be a multiple entry system based on the scaling into swings as the different time frames start to change into the same direction as some algos are written in this format but lets give it some time and we can have a play with it.Feel free to pm me or I will pm you but I have boat loads on my plate as is and will try and have a look at it after London closes tonight.Can promise it will deliver anything as I have yet to see a really really good EA but then again its not something I spend to much time searching for either.I have played around with some of my own ideas as I do think there is a great future in it for someone who can understand it.

Kind Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Thanks.....re text, just go to the top tool bar > Insert > Text

I also leave it there so that I do not have to repeat myself every time I post a chart....its a requirement for an entry, as is a "correct" 30m Ultra Stoch

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Could we open a thread about this to separate the manual side form the EA discussions please.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Its fine and I just threw it out there.  If anyone wants to create a thread we can discuss the EA there.  No big deal Rooi as I trade manually anyways.  The EA was just  a special project of mines in which I have already updated 6 times. Some ideas already in the thought process are gonna be implemented shortly.

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
I have sent Xaphod a PM to ask if its ok to use his code for all of this.

If he says it okay then I will start one.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Same here.

Always good to have a look at the mechanical side of this.

Thanks for already taking the time to look at a way of doing it.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Very smart

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Here we go.Best to keep everything separate

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...84#post7302484

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
+11.1

A bit bumpy. Dont know if there was a news release or just a the technicals playing out.

Should be me for the day.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Hey Rooi -  - an excellent post....ah, elsewhere guys in case you are

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Ahh!!!!! Your the funny one

...... .......

.............

....... ..

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Wonderful Day. I am only 25 pips behind my weekly target (100 Pips).

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Here is the volume indicator attached which i use with PA. I downloaded from Forexfactory but i am not sure about the exact source.

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Nice trading.  Notice no losers and a perfect record.  Keep it up

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Yesterday i had -6 pips which did not show on the list. If you check Profit/Loss at end of all trades, you will find correct calculation because that calculation is to calculate net pips.

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Are you trading naked charts?  I don't see any indicators.

thanks for the reply

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Hey mate,

could you please upload your screens with entries and exits and a bit more explanation

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
EA short during Tokyo. 19 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
@Islander, yes the ultra stoch is from that thread. The primary advantage is the realtime aspect, both in terms of its presentation and it's accuracy. The stoch recently discussed on the genesis thread isn't accurate real time, it seems to be more of a projection which isn't much good trading off 1 min charts.

strada.

Islander

Do you find this statement to be true regarding your experience with the ultra stochastics?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
sold GJ @170.66, not much trading lately  out BE

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
I find that the ultra stoch updates well in real time on my 1m charts and it is good for 1m trading whereas the Multi TF stoch is slow when looking to trade off the 1m charts - I use the MTFs on the 5m charts....

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
No i am not trading with naked charts. I use the volume indicator and Genesis system but i do not always use Genesis system. Mostly i have combination of volume indicator and PA for final decision.

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Sir, do you have to refresh them in the morning, the ultra stoch i mean?  Thanks

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
here the ultra stochs were good - I waited for the pull back to sell after the blue (30m) came down from the OB level   and exited for ~8 pips as both ultra stochs turned up....very tight so far this morning...

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
It is very difficult to explain the reasoning of trades because every time i do analysis of PA by using different situations. But you can see my entries in post 1062. Those orders were with in the last swing and i was not expecting that both pending orders will be activated. My expectations were that one order will be executed and i will delete the other order but i was away from computer when market moved in crazy way. I was lucky that both were activated and hit TP.

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
I concur the market is ranging and haven't personally scalped any trades.  Waiting for the perfect opportunities to present itself.  GJ consolidation around daily pivot along with an extremely flat 30 minute MTF stoch.

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
also, since mid FH, 1m GbpUsd is under its 25ema which is red whilst UsdJpy is above its 25 ema which is blue, so these are in conflict, so do NOT trade GbpJpy.....

PS I sold GU mid FH.....

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Really not sure how this fits in with the thread?

Multiple Time Frame Stochastic trading using 1min charts

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
If you don't want, i won't post here. Relax, be happy and keep smiling.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
I'm relaxed - it's not up to me. Just pointing out that it is confusing.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
chart for sell....now looking to buy GU....need UJ to turn up to allow a buy in GJ...

Edit: long GU in 08:30 gmt bar....

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
-3.5 after multiple trades on a jittery morning for me with the PA.Also multi-tasking with some other work as well.

Will have to see if we can bring it into the blue in the NYO

Nice trading all that made pips

Thanks for everyone posting charts

Happy pipping all.

Rooi

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EDIT: This is a MTF Stoch Thread and so I will include the stochs on my chart that I post even though I actaully monitor them on my other chart/screen
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Hopefully blue rectangle will not be confusing.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
EDIT :I see you already have done so.Thank you

Let me first say well done with the results and thank you for sharing them here with us.

I see you trade with meta-trader so if you dont mind will you please drop the trades on the charts so that it makes the arrow and the lines from entry to exit so that we can see the what the PA looked like when you entered and exited.The indicators dont matter as much as what the PA looked like and as we all scan through lots of chart it is the easiest to learn from other good trades if the entries are marked on the charts.

Hope you understand and agree........

All the best and nice trading once again.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
UJ turned up in the 8:38 bar allowing a buy in GJ which I did in the 8:42 bar.....both trades closed in the 8:51 spike up driven by GU....chart later...

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
I  agree.Hope it starts to open up a bit.I prefer the downside but no to bothered really.

Happy pirating Captain

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Glad to see you finding time to post again.

Al die beste vir jou

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Hi Rooi

I understand and agree with you. Only the issue is that i use trading system which is commercial and i do not know what are the rules of Forexfactory but i have posted the chart where you can see sell and buy arrows in blue rectangle.

Regards

aahmad29

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
It's like pulling teeth this week, PA going nowhere slowly. Manage 7+15, not great but stuck to rules.

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
That is great thank you.

I understand you the problem that you have.The trades you have completed will you mark them on you charts so that we can see where the entry was for the ones that are finish

If you click on them in your statement and the drag and drop them on the chart they make the arrow and lines to show entry and exits like in the picture

Good luck and thanks again

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
You can also use this indi, it will show show all trades

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
I like the chart and nice trade BTW

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Thanks Rooi

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
How did you get that menu to show on your tool bar?(marked in red)

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Go to View>Toolbars and select which of the 4 options you want to display. Then right click on the vertical hashed line on the left side of each selected option and select "Customize" this then allows you to Insert or Remove from the Available list in the left side.......I customise ALL of my tool bars

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Long in 08:30 bar, closed in 8:51 bar.....GJ chart is similar...

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Thank you

Learn something new everyday.

I use the rectangle tool loads everyday to draw the Supply and Demand on the lager TF charts

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
NP - Agreed, I do too, especially from the quality threads here in FF

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Hi,

I want to share an indicator to show your trades in the chart, got in somewhere in the forex factory thread.

Hope it is useful

Note:

for those using the new mt4 build 600 and above, just use the ex4 file and place it in the MQL4 folder

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Thanks, do we also know about any problems with MT600 compilation of scripts/indis..?

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
I dont use those scripts so I dont know if there is a problem.I just drag and drop the trade from the "account statement" onto the chart

Hope that helps

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
-10 Pips total GJ.  Ugly chart and not planning to stay awake for US session. oh well tomorrow is a new day

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Yip

Im BE out of a short on EJ

Slow going for now

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
+13

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Good trade for the day +24 Pips. Only 4 pips remaining in achieving weekly target.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Nicely done

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Took the sell after UJ spiked up to its 102.39 S&R area for the third time and cable went flat......big UJ expiry may pull it up to ~its 102.25 level and GJ back up with it...TWT

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Should do.

I have to be somewhere and so have to run.

Good luck and see you in the morning Captain

BTW loving the TVI (good call)

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
then I guess that you noticed that divergence at the low ......

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
EY short after NYO. 40 pips. Plenty left on the table - went straight through my TP at S1 but I'll take the pips.

Islander - great trades

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Quick 22 pips from GA short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Sorry Rooi, I went to gym shortly after last post but I see Islander answered.

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Certainly does.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
My long term M15...

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Missed another 25 Pips opportunity. Market moved below the red line (1.3708) which is last swing low. For me, 1.3708 is very important level for two reasons. First is that it was break point of last swing low. Second it could be retracement point.

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Morning, just bought GJ @170,70. out -5

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Morning all

+2 after two trades.

Same old as I have to run but April is slowly getting closer.

Will be around here and there as I find time to post

Good Luck and Happy pipping

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
GM - sold GJ at 7:33 and GU at 7:34

Edit: darnit - tight SL took me out for a few as GU spiked up - I was looking for the **50 level....still, it IS FH and as we know, the PA before LO is NOT relible...

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
not my day, stopped out @170.71, too tight i guess

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
+50 EY short and +16 XAU short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
+14 on two trades.Lots more in them and the market picking up speed again(at least for now)

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Well done sir.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
No problem

Here in SA we have to stay strong to fight off the all the bloody thieves(as if trading isnt hard enough)

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
+10. Weekly target (100 Pips) is achieved

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
TY!

You had EY short too! Don't like to hold on longer?

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Nicely done - High five

http://25.media.tumblr.com/14b5f2217...dfzto1_400.gif

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Last piece of my puzzle. Working on it already.

Thats why I love your charts.Learn a lot from them like I try to learn from everyone here.You definitely have good long term view of market and patience and confidence to keep it.

Thank you for always posting your trade

Rooi

:nerd:

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
It went a bit better today +55 pips from 10 trades - only one loss. Taken only small bites at a time.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Hi Rooi

Not so much the thieves that worry me but fending off OLD AGE - a much more formidable foe!

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Ahh but the old age gives you patience.A great ally  for trading.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
EY short +15 and GY short +26

Would have hit my TP but had to exit early because I was unable to monitor trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
Good luck

My main hurdle at the moment is minimising mistakes. Getting there...

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Nice trades. Thats a lot of bites.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Sir, what stoch is the first one you use, settings at 8 / 3 ? Could you post it please. Thanks

Great trades

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
LOL - for many years I was "55 and a few months" - the latter number being dependent on how I felt in the morning as I got out of bed.......now I have had to increase my base number and also the variable as I stagger out to greet another day.....

I missed most of this morning whilst engaging with another battle with EZ bureaucracy estilo Español.....

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Mate you should try to get something done in Africa

I use to live in the UK and the people there just get things done in no time.

Good luck and hope you got it sorted

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
+18 and wrapping it up for today.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
The sure sign of a nervous trader, staying in like you did is the proper way, hopefully I will be as skilled someday.

Islander

I am now 55 and some years unfortunately, but aside from looking at some ugly old man in the mirror it is not to bad.

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
I ran a business in the Caribbean for several years and learned that manaña has nothing on their local sooooooooooon when asking when anything - especially involving work - might get done.....

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Good trading today.

Have you tried setting TVI at 10,8,4 - I have seen it advised somewhere. I seems a bit sluggish on the 1m the way it is set now. I have no first hand experience thereof though, just thought I'd mention it.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Nice choice of words.Certainly feels like that a lot of the time

That the good thing about trading.Its all down to you and what choice you make.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
I will look into.Always good to fine tune an indicator.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
It is Stoch-Tape.  Attached File(s)   Stoch-Tape.mq4

9 KB
|
242 downloads

And thank you!

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Yep - can't blame anyone but ourselves. I like it that way. I guess it is like golf?

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
You got the pips and the accuracy. Can't complain with that. Depends on how you want to trade and expectation.

I like to think I'm close to the place I want to be as a trader. But it isn't easy!

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
that's the setting that I use on my 1m & 5m charts....

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
I agree.I always say its like squash.Really simple.If I lose then its my fault. Im not good enough.There is nothing or nobody else to blame. If I lose then I must practice more. Thats all

Trading of course is a lot more complex but its still just a skill you have to master by practicing in the correct way.Finding that way is up to you.Every squash/golf player has their own style they like to play.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
If you dont mind me asking.Do you trade full time by that I mean is that you sole income or do you have other ways of making an income as well.

I seem to find more or more people that trade really well have other incomes/companies/pensions etc.

How many years you been trading.Your trades do seem very constant.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
I think I've had enough fun for one day, 19 trades 2 small losses 9 pips and nearly 100 pips up, my nerves won't stand any more excitement. See all tomorrow !

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Ha,

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Captain,

Quick query regarding that FO time. I know your favourite pairs..

But have you also looking at the hour before trading for other major exchanges - US, JPY? Can the method be applied to these times or possibly during hours...?

My take is that it can:

GBP/USD/EUR - LO/NY/Crossover

AUD/JPY/GMP combos - TO

USD combos i.e USDCAD - NY

Tempted to analyse further...so any thoughts appreciated....as ever.

Ta

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
I don't rely on trading as an income. I've been trading forex for 2.5 years and have devoted most of my energy towards it. It has been incredibly challenging and difficult for me - which is something that I had heard when I began trading, but of course didn't think applied to me  Turns out that it did. Previously traded shares, successfully, using financial models (so more fundamental than technical) albeit over longer timeframes (e.g. 6 months). I also used financial models to build index based valuations, with the intent to trade on, but that was a lower priority to forex trading and also somewhat redundant with QE messing up the global markets connection to fundamentals.

In my time with forex (and technical/systemic trading) I've spent maybe 50 hours per week (so 6500 hours?) learning. I'm still learning. My wife has named my charts 'squiggles'. It has been challenging in that I was in an accident a year and a half ago and have experienced pain since then. It does impact on concentration - but then we all have our own problems. In my time learning, I've tried 1000's of different indicators and combinations. LOL just checked and I have 1145 indicators in my MT4 and that exludes those that have been removed. I learned how to code EAs and tried that for a while - even had one which I was certain would be profitable ($1000 -> $10,000,000 in six months with 20% DD on backtest based on a solid strategy) but just couldn't make them work in all environments and gave up on them. I learned how indicator coding worked and have spent a lot of time fiddling with custom alert settings. I guess that could be an 'edge' in that I have very specific parameters that I'm waiting for before I'll even consider a trade. It remains a work in progress - but seems to constantly improve as does my trading.

My goal is to have trading income sufficient to be my prime source of income this year. I know I can do it, my only hurdle is myself and to be consistent. Mistake reduction is my prime strategy at the moment!

Sorry for the spiel. Interested to hear your story and that of anyone else willing to share?

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Haha Good High Five. I was so sleepy that i close my trade early at +10 otherwise it could hit my 25 pips TP but i never leave the trade unattended. In the morning i found that i missed long opportunity but it is the part of trading.

Thanks

Regards

aahmad29

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
As you know, I trade around the European Opens for a couple of hours and again around the NY Opens......both of these very active times suite my own time zone which is GMT +1

Whilst I would expect my methodology - and the others being so well show here - to work during other "active periods" I have no experience with such periods.

Why not just concentrate on the two sessions as I do.....today GJ fell 170 pips from FO and later rallied 100 pips from NYO.......why do you want more??

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Another +12 pips. That was quick 20 pips opportunity but i am playing safe and slowly because i have already achieved 100 pips. I am trying to get stome pips more for next week because there could be probability of not achieving 100 pips next week.

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
I was able to manage loss. I placed sell 1 order which was running in loss of 15 pips. I placed second Sell order which works perfectly and when Net pips of both trades reached to +1 pip, i closed both trades. So net result was in +1 pips.

So far in this week i had only one loss trade which was -6 pips and all other trades is in positive.

Result for this week so far = 121 Pips

aahmad29

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
My goal is same like yours. When i started trading, i had strategy but no experience. I made $2000 in two days but then lost $3000 in one day. Aftert hat i slowly started building my equity and got confidence. My primary goal is to make the trading , main source of income. But so far i am doing trading  with my another job.

aahmad29

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Thats a very good point. Over trading is to be avoided.

The reason for me checking is that if, and I am, planning to change my schedule/strategy to trade the FO, then I want to take opportunity to review my plan i.e. if TO provides better opportunities than NY, then I may move from one of my other zones. But I like your advice and stick to my current timezone (GMT) to at least try the new set up on FO before getting too ambitious. Your feedback always makes me think. Best one was (not just to me) that its best to develop own indicators/setups

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Thank you

I appreciate these great life experiences. I believe as traders we have all done the same.  The dream of an EA to trade for me was very far fetched.  I personally been trading over 8 years and gravitated to forex from futures and found it to be quite a challenge.   I didn't realize how much patience is needed to be able to trade successfully. An EA can never practice patience.    At times I tend to have some bad habits  deviating  from my trading plan and this is when I need to check myself and ask the same questions. Why did I enter that trade?     The emotionally aspect of trading is the greatest hurdle for me personally.  Although profitable I still need to conquer these emotions to be ultimately successful.  For those traders New and experienced I would recommend this book Trading in the Zone.   It really helped me many years ago and I will read it once again.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Question to the group

I am looking for a replay feature for MT4 to practice trading on a tick by tick basis.  I found an LFH expert advisor on FF however I am having problems downloading it.  I could use ninja trader but Stochastics looks to be different then MT4.  Not sure why this is an issue.

Has anyone tried this?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
LFH is something that I've used many many times. Works a treat for me. Not sure if there is a better one, but haven't ever had a problem with this one.

EA
Attached File(s)   LFH_Trading_Simulator_3.ex4

30 KB
|
185 downloads

Script
Attached File(s)   LFH_Simulator_Buy_Close.ex4

1 KB
|
207 downloads

Attached File(s)   LFH_Simulator_Buy_Open.ex4

2 KB
|
175 downloads

Attached File(s)   LFH_Simulator_Limit_Stop_Buy.ex4

2 KB
|
181 downloads

Attached File(s)   LFH_Simulator_Limit_Stop_Buy_Remove.ex4

2 KB
|
181 downloads

Attached File(s)   LFH_Simulator_Limit_Stop_Sell.ex4

2 KB
|
178 downloads

Attached File(s)   LFH_Simulator_Limit_Stop_Sell_Remove.ex4

2 KB
|
165 downloads

Attached File(s)   LFH_Simulator_Sell_Close.ex4

1 KB
|
188 downloads

Attached File(s)   LFH_Simulator_Sell_Open.ex4

2 KB
|
191 downloads

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Agree 100%. Patience is the key.

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
GY short +20.

Was away so missed signal, but entered on a spike. However, didn't have time to consider trade properly so had a messy exit - could have gone for BRN exit at +30.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Thank you so much

This will be a tremendous help to everyone including myself.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Amazing EA.

Is still use especially on weekends

Thanks for sharing.I somehow lost the buy/sell scripts.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
1st trade of the day 20 pips Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Hi AutoB

I like you have set myself the target to have my main income come from FX by the end of the year

I have been at it for a little of 2 years now. Initially I thought it would be tough but as I am the type of person who when I set my mind on something I keep going till I get it I was not to bothered.I was very very wrong about what it takes to make it in this business.I moved from London back to South-Africa and thought this is going to be my new career when I get back.Big mistake. I traded demo for 4 weeks and then funded my first live account.Needless to say I caused myself so much headache by not doing it in the correct order of first finding a good system,demo trading etc.

I spent about 4 months going at it full time and studying about 18hours a day.Trying system after system based on indicators.I got so frustrated with the indies I traded without then after that right up until when I started using this variation of the Genesis. Strada helped me a great deal with explaining how the indicators is a good measuring stick for what the PA is doing thats all. I still trade the PA and use the indicators as a guide only.Now I trade with no indicators on my my one screen and the indicators on the other.Getting the best of both I suppose.

The last hurdle is always getting from being a profitable part time/income trader to becoming a full time no other income trader.Its a lot on the mind.I am moving my whole day around and freeing up the time to trade LO without distractions.Then Im just saving a years worth of my salary in 2014 while trading the LO and then in 2015 I can trade full full time for a year without worrying to much about what I make on a day to day basis if you know what I mean.

Im also lucky as I am only 27 now and have no children for the time being and my wife has a very good job so my income only plays a small part in paying the bills.

Anyway my rant is over now and I hope and trust you will meet with success this year as I think your views and trades are really good and you have built you trading "house" on a solid foundation.

Good luck with your goals.We are all closer than we think to what we really want finding it within our self is the only way though.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Left this trade completely unattended. Worked perfectly fortunately.

EY short during Tokyo. +44.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
+15 pips. No more trade. Already achieved weekly target.

Have a happy weekend.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Nicely done.

I have to give my attention else where today.So might only trade later.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Update now my total pips for this week are 136.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Nice to hear Rooi. I wish you luck, but we only need patience right? Can't force these things I guess. A certain amount of stubbornness is required.

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Autobot

I am having problems with the mtf stohastics.  When I forward replay the lines become parallel almost flat lining against each other.  The ultra stochastics work however I prefer the mtf stochastics.  Is anyone else having this issue?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Hi. Could you share your template?

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Sure.  Attached File(s)   1min mtf stoch _ autobotsgo.tpl

132 KB
|
571 downloads

To avoid any confusion, here are the indi's from the template.
Attached File(s)   !Ultra Stochastic Color Line.ex4

12 KB
|
747 downloads
Attached File(s)   MA in Color_wAppliedPrice.ex4

6 KB
|
522 downloads
Attached File(s)   GenesisMatrix 2.22.ex4

43 KB
|
575 downloads
Attached File(s)   ASCTrend1i.ex4

4 KB
|
523 downloads
Attached File(s)   AllHeikin-Ashi_v2.4.ex4

116 KB
|
560 downloads
Attached File(s)   LFL-ATRprojections.ex4

6 KB
|
482 downloads
Attached File(s)   Round Numbers Beige.ex4

5 KB
|
487 downloads
Attached File(s)   Stoch-Tape.ex4

8 KB
|
629 downloads
Attached File(s)   Stoch-Tape-50line.ex4

6 KB
|
615 downloads

Note that Stoch-Tape-50line is a modification I made that is based on the stoch >50 or <50 (or a different value).

Note that I only recently started using the AllHeikin-Ashi indicator (attached) and previously was using standard Heiken Ashi. I prefer it.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
These are the pivot point indis that I use on the template.
Attached File(s)   Pivot Points - Daily (Shifted).ex4

6 KB
|
344 downloads

Attached File(s)   pivot-xpPivot_IIa.ex4

10 KB
|
346 downloads

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
The MTF stochs don't work with it unfortunately.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Strange, but for some reason my MT4 build600 does not see the indicator files you posted. I had some of the indicators installed earlier, and they do appear when I open the template you posted, but not the indicators that I did not have previously. Any idea why this may be the case?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Strange, but for some reason my MT4 build600 does not see the indicator files you posted. I had some of the indicators installed earlier, and they do appear when I open the template you posted, but not the indicators that I did not have previously. Any idea why this may be the case?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Its an EA that works with your strategy tester

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Was maybe a little unclear.This should help you to understand how it works.Remember its an EA and not an Indicator so it goes with "experts"

Here is a pdf that explains it all

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
An EA? I thought Autobotsgo (post 1,205) was posting regular indicators and his template which he trades manually. He never mentioned it was an EA.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Regarding LFH trading simulator: it is not an EA to make trades but a tool to simulate historical price action and to simulate trades through scripts. The backtesting functionality of MT4 uses EAs (strategy tester).

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
OK, you have me thoroughly confused: in post 1,205 a few hours back where you posted indicators and a template, were you posting what you trade manually, or staff for LFH trading simulator?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Sorry I misread your post. You are correct in that it was a manual template in response to LFN. I think Rooi was confused about the LFH simulator

About the files, are you sure you are putting them in the right location? Build 600 has moved the folder.

When in MT4 terminal, go File -> Open Data Folder -> MQL4 -> Indicators

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Im all confused it appears. Sorry for that

http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lx...mfkuo1_400.gif

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Lol

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Autobotsgo you are right, LFH trading Simulator is the best tool which i have used many times. Specially when i want to test the behavior of any indicator/system i just execute the historical data with that system.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
While I'm in sharing mode, I thought I'd also share another indicator that I like and have modified for my own purposes.

The indicator is another MTF stochastic that called AllStochastic and I guess is in between Stoch-MTF and !UltraStoch. Additionally it adds many different modes for the signal (%D) moving average type. The author of AllStochastic is IgorAD from Trend Laboratory.

I modified it so that it would change colour when K crosses D and so that it visually looks similar to !UltraStochastic. It is not a replacement to !Ultra (IMO), but from my perspective, it can complement it.

Here is a screenshot.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As with most MTF indicators, it will repaint the current bar until it closes. It does work in LFH simulator, but obviously it doesn't take in to account the swings during the time-frame - especially at higher time-frames.

I am an amateur coder, so hopefully there are no problems with it

Attached File(s)   AllStochastics_Auto.ex4

104 KB
|
1,164 downloads

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
How about an indicator take out partial profit targets along with a hard stop?  A lot of these I've researched and come to a conclusions I will need to execute manually.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
First trade today. +23 from GA short during Tokyo.

Was looking for a move to DP, but stochs stalled and resistance at mid BRN so felt safer to exit. Also GBP bounced off DP.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
congrats. I am at my work place so i closed my  EU order early because i have to go for meeting. Only +4 pips. chart will post later.

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
+3pips after 3 trades.

Have to run.Be back later

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Its so ridiculous how sometimes you get stopped out at BE+1 then The trade  goes in your direction. Profit target was a little above daily low for 30 pips and should have taken 20 pips at S1.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

LOL. Waiting for the next setup

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Thanks

Re-entered GA short during FO for +36.

Also short EA same time for +27.

Closed both on LO due to a concern about a spike up, but turns out this was wrong. Oh well.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Going on 100pips for the day.

Very nicely done

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Always a little frustrating I agree.

Luckily there is always another trade around the corner

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
+17 on the next two trades

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
+14 and calling it a day.

Looks late but only entered when the UJ made a new low for the day and giving me added confidence

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
So here are my trades and Net Result is +14. London open couldn't attend because of my job. Results are not very good because i couldn't achieve +25 daily target. Hopefully i will learn from you guys.

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Congrats. Perfect trades.

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Very good results. It looks like you never look for less than 25 pips per trade.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Another +5

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Which MAs are you using here?

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Honestly from your daily results more people need to learn from you.  Are you exiting on BRN or pivots?  Just curious to find other ways to maximize profits

thanks

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
[quote=Autobotsgo;7314823]{quote} Thanks Re-entered GA short during FO for +36. Also short EA same time for +27. Closed both on LO due to a concern about a spike up, but turns out this was wrong. Oh well. {image} {image}[/quo

Nice trades.  Actually I could learn something from you holding onto more trades longer to maximize profit potential .  Entries are always easy but its always the exits that become a little difficult.  Thanks for the thought process and keep the posts coming.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Nice trades

Thanks. I prefer 20+ but will take what is there. Really just looking for a move to a resistance level. I don't like to over-trade because when I do I tend to start making mistakes.

15 and 90 smma. I prefer it over ema for when the market is more choppy. Trend is easy to determine, but avoiding choppy periods is hard (imo).

Thanks. We can spend so much time studying entries, that we can neglect the thought process around exits. It is just one more component that we have to master in order to be successful. I still have much to learn.

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
A couple of smaller trades this morning on TO.

EY long + 12
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GY long +15
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Hi aahmad,

can you let me know, which indicator you are using for trend and other related information which can be seen in your charts.

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Nice start to the day.
​

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Thanks.

Your total growing nicely as well.

Good luck for the day.

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
No there is no specific method to exit. My TP is normally 20 - 24 pips but if there is any resistance or pivot point near my target then i change the TP.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Mostly i am using Genesis trading system and it is my first priority but if you have seen some different indicator then it means that i am just testing the behavior of indicator. I also use on commercial trading system but i am not convinced with that system because Genesis is much better.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
You are right but i am not satisfied with my last day performance because i closed the trades early. I have to learn more.

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
Frustration.

EY long stopped at BE.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Don't like the PA so far today.

Edit: "Russian president Putin orders troops to return to their bases"

I guess I can forgive the uncertain and potential alleviation of war

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
+22 pips. TP was at Pivot point and my entry was from last day support. Spike helped me to achieve TP two hours before my expectation.

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
No FO trades for me today.Will see what we can do for NY open

Rooi
​

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
I am waiting for another opportunity. Yesterday i supposed to get 50 pips according to my rules and strategy but i got only 19 so i will cover it today. I think there will be good movement today.

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
GM - I bought the pull back at 6:58 after the Putin news spike.....initial target yesterday's high....chart later

Edit: took partials at the BRN...cable's heading for its BRN, but has DP in the way at 1.6689...

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
15 Pips on long position. Total Pips for this week so far = 56

Pips for today are = 37

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
bought the pull back to the ribbon and into a pinch.....cable broke above its BRN and took GJ up with it and I exited as price stalled  the **25 level with TVI divergence....now waiting for the next signal...

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
As i said that i expect good movement today but now i will play safe and will wait for next good signal. My weekly target is 100 Pips and i am at half line.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Hello Autobotsgo, your traiding is awesome! Could you say more about your strategy? When you in? Why you in? What's do you see here? You got some lost trade?

Greetings Mathew

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
16 Pips more on long position. Today i played with Pivot and it helped me to reach 72 Pips this week.

My next trade will be with R1 or R2 where i expect bounce back.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
8 Pips more as i said that i expect bounce back from R1 or R2. I can leave my trade until price reach to pivot but i have to sleep now and i don't leave my trade on the table.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Nice planning of the trade and great execution of the plan

Very well done

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Thanks. But i still have to work on my patience because it is key element to success in forex. I am waiting that price go to 1.3723 (Last day Support) or 1.3710 (Today S1 - Support).

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
You wished me Good Luck and it really worked for me.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
morning , gj long closed for 13 pips. Great trades posted in here

took another 20 pips on LO, off to work now.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
No trades for me so far and not looking like I will be able to find time til the end of the month when I have my new shedule in place and will be able to trade FO and LO without interruption again.

I will be around here and there but cant promise any trades.

Good luck and happy pipping

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
EA short on FO - would have worked but made a mistake with my stop (too tight).

-9
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GY long on LO. Exited early because stochs seemed weak below R1, but turned out not to be a problem and would have hit my TP.

+36
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
I was with you on a buy in GJ after LO....took partials and now waiting to see IF price can break above the R1 level......I have a 4hr DT line at ~171.10....

@Rooi.....glad you like the TVI indy

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Was originally thinking a move to 171 or higher - we'll see if it gets there. PA was a bit sluggish for me so thought I'd play it safe.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
GU long at +20.

Exited at R1 as I'm being conservative. Missed my TP but I'm okay with that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
UJ was stalled in a 10 pip range for most of the morning, I guess waiting for the ADP NFP data due in a few minutes....I bought the PB to todays 38% retrace and just took partials again ~the **25 level....

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
+22 pips but my entry was not that great. I have achieved weekly target 100 Pips. Now i will play safe.

Week1 = 136 pips

Week2 (Current Week) = 100 Pips (So far)

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Quick 10 Pips. In time, close the position

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
What is your exit rules?

I can see a completely red genesis matrix on GY and you still held the trade open. Fixed TP?

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
I have spoken to Rooi before posting this, and he's happy to see the post. So, seeing as this thread is to do with all things stochastic, I thought you might like to have a look at the coloured stoch attached below. There are many settings and alerts etc etc that you can play with.....it may (or may not) be useful to you. I have attached both the mq4 file as well as the ex4 file. Just use the ex4 file so that MT4 doesn't get upset. The mq4 file is the code of course.

have fun!!

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Thanks RJ

Will have a look at them

Always nice to see you stopping by

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
+9.3 is all I have time for today.End of the month is around the corner so will be a lot more active then.Right now just doing some reading in late NY session.

Using the MAtrix Tape for now.

Also did away with the MA and trying the "ALF" (Adaptive Laguerre Filter - an indicator created by John Ehlers)

Might/will not really make any difference but always looking to explore.Pretty happy with my system as is but you never know.

Here is a link to a little project Im reading through regarding TVI,ALF and the some Bill Williams fractal candles for who ever is interested
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=241420
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=239353

All the best (everyone seems to be doing really well)

Rooi

EDIT:Also note the 5 and -5 level on the TVI as a guide to how "volatile" the move was.(or at least a rough guide for me)

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Hi RJ - I trust you are well and keeping your thread in order .... I use the coloured stoch on my 5m chart which has several things imported from Alien's thread - its good for highlighting re-entries in a trend after a pull back and with the M15 &M30 stochs in agreement....I just took the buy off the 171.50 area, a nice FH trade for 15 pips...

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Good stuff Captain. I was in there as well but got taken out at BE on that little spike down after entry. Did get 10 pips on EJ but exited at R2 when it hesitated for the 2nd time forming an M1 div....I've left a few pips on the table this session....

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
GM - not easy so far and with the BOE and ECB stuff later we may have to wait until the NY session for sensible moves....

This chart shows the Coloured Stoch rather better and it was this activity that gave me my GJ pips....

Edit: the rule here is only enter in the direction of the M15 Stoch (purple) and wait for the Coloured Stoch to cycle either to its OB/OS level OR to retrace to ~its 50 level in a BB Pinch....

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Good advice Captain, very nice move bounce long of the faster stoch back to the slower  stoch trend

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Slow night for me so far scalping 5 pips at most.  After last nights trendy movement I wonder if it will be like this till NFP.  Oh well

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
24 +7 Pips for today. Total for this week=140 so far

Again played with pivot and resistance

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
I am happy to see RJ here. I have learned a lot in his thread.

So i got 12+ More and my weekly total raised= 152

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
That is how I "scalped" 170-pips today from vertical aqua to vertical Magenta.  It was a good run, but needed lots of mind determination and patience

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Good One. You have good courage to run your order during ECB press conference. I am not that experienced and just stay away from such event. I scalp before or after reaction of big report.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Hello aahmad,

Thanks for your encouragement.  You had 152 pips for the week....., that is very very great.

I had to make up my mind because I know that according to the system a lot pips

can be harvested if one has decided to go for it.  However, I still could have scalped 10 pips and 20 pips if wanted.

But I had decided that I was going to stay in the trade as long as the trend does not change or as long as my DMI does not tell me to get out.

Let us see what RBA gonna bring at 5:30PM Eastern today.  Let us also see what NFP gonna bring tomorrow.

Good trading.

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
nice one.though i wonder how you didn't get stop out at BE or something since your position already up by 20+ and price spike down during EU bid rate.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i'm taking risk too.entering before ECB Press with tight stop below magenta.almost hit by 1 pip but i guess i'm lucky.i manage to lock +1 a minute before impact.though i exit to early.according to my extit strategy i should get at least 100 instead of 80 but i was to sleepy already.can't keep my eyes open.anyway i'm still learning with lower time frame

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Attachment Attachment
Hello Purevenom, Nice chart.

You could have made morethan 100pips with your chart by just buying or adding positions at the vertical aqua colored lines when CCI crossed Zero, then exiting when CCI touched te bottom horizontal line in your chart i.e. where I drew the Red vertical line. you also could have bought only when your Stoch 8, 3, 3 crossed above 80 going up and exited when it crossed 80 going down.

Shalom!

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
No More trades. See you all on Monday.

Happy Weekend everyone.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Nicely done for the week

Enjoy your pips

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
GM - after yesterdays big moves I am expecting a quiet morning in front of the NFP data.....so I pirated ~ 10 pips earlier from a sell in cable and another 10 or so from this buy in €.....a couple more like this and I will call it a morning...

Note here how the M30 stoch - the purple line on the 15m chart - has been heading up since ~5am and that the M15 stoch on the 5m chart turned up early in FH thus supporting the signal from the 1m chart....

PS I did not even consider buying EJ because UJ was heading down...

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
First time this week/month I get to trade the whole FO and LO but couldn't do much with it

Like islander said.Nothing much to trade on my beloved EJ (allthough it moving now )

+2.3 for today

Wrapping it up for the week

All the best to you guys and happy NFP day

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
I am done for the night Didn't expect to have my best day this week on an upcoming nfp announcement approaching shortly. Expected major consolidation like last night euro session. Have a great weekend!!  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Nicely done

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
In EJ the monthly Pivot got hit at 143.17.  That was about 40 pips scalped right there...!

So Where are we going now...., back down or continue upwards??

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
probably + & - 30/50 pips to take out all of the close stops....

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
I am with you on that Islander.  The NFP is very unpredictable.  It will most of the time seek to clean up the stop losses +/- 50pips before picking a direction.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Hey, Islander,

I looked at the H4/Daily charts and they show that the bands are somehow horizontal and are sloping down a little bit.  The candles have closed above the upper band and hit the monthly pivot.  You think it is time that EJ shoot back downward???

If EJ is going downward then the target should be around 137.77, it may take about a month or so to get down there.  If it shoots up then I am targeting about 145. 26.  We therefore see that there is more room to travel downward than upward.

What are your thoughts on this instrument?

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
I am not a long term trader, so sorry I am not the person to ask.

However, I am watching the 103.20 area in UJ and any 4hr / daily close above that area would be positive for all Yen crosses.  Likwise, closing above the 1.3925 area in EurUsd suggests higher prices.

Lets see what NFP brings....

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Thanks for your input.  I am not a long term trader either.  I just look at the higher time frames and try to decide which direction it is heading.  Then I try to catch the wave in the lower time frame.  Anyway let us watch the NFP.

Shalom

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
10+ on my 1st trade at the red vertical line. Hopefully more to come in the days ahead.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
That is crazy. How can i do that. I totally forgot to delete my two pending orders and when i woke up to just check the reaction of NFP which i was expecting downward, i found my open position but in positive pips. I have closed both orders.

1. 50 pips

2. 7 Pips

This week total = 209 Pips

Happy Weekend.

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
One question

Does someone have the "MA Ribbon" indi with crossover alert?

Just searched the forum but couldn't find it

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
look for a MA crossover with alert and set its colours to "none" with width set to "1".....

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Wow aaahmad !!

Sometimes luck come in an unespected avalanche you know.  This is the season to SPRING forward and you keep it up.  You have a nice looking chart there.  Is'nt mtm stoch great???

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
I could not help but to take it.  It keeps going up and my indi's told me to take it, so I did.

Shalom!!

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
EJ exited at 143.55.

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Those are 3 stochs

1. Stoch(80,50,3)

2. Stoch(80,26,8)

3. Stoch80,8,8)

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Hello aahmad,

I tried to put your stocks on an M5 chart, but they do not look like yours

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Thank you captain

After a bit of a search I just found one on my harddrive.

If someone is interested in it, here it is

Attached File(s)   MA ribbon filled_Alerts.ex4

7 KB
|
254 downloads

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
I have attached template and it will be easy for you. Many times i do my analysis by using stoch.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
On the base of Economic calendar, this week does not look like a full of action week but still i am ready to achieve my weekly target (100 Pips).

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Wasn't able to find the time for much trading last week. Hopefully this one will be better.

GA long during Tokyo +48

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Well Done. I couldn't attend asian session but i tried to place the trade from my job and close the order early due to busy schedule. +4 Pips.

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Very nicely done

One or two questions.

Which broker do you use and how big is your spread on GA and EA?

Iam using Armada Markets and the y offer pretty good spreads though. But unfortunately on EA & GA they have around 2.5 - 5.0 Pip spread...

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Morning all

+16

Have to go.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Thank you. Have been using Pepperstone for some time now. It's the best I've experienced. GA spread is frequently around 2 ish (as low as 1 and high as 3). Can blow out during news though. At the moment (looking at the screen) the spread is between 1.7-2.1. EA is really good - around 1-1.5 pips.

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Some very quick pips there!

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Thanks.Nice patience as always.

Thanks for sharing the trades

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
+.4

-0

+14

Missed the initial big  move  as I was out watching fireworks.  Knew eventually it would go short only to catch a very  small retracement back to short  in the end.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
If any of  you want to download pipsometer it will show a  total number of daily pips and is also a great indicator to watch when in a trade.  MY emotions are lessened watching my pips vs dollar amounts.  This is just a suggestion to help those trading multiple lots.

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Thank you very much gkawa22,Will attach it on my chart when I get home from work!I think it will be a nice tool!

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
+11

Missed the meat but got some of the scraps

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Hi! I will try to post a chart here. And for once it is a loss posted, not a win. I guess I am the only one taking bad trades :-)

I hope to learn by my mistakes, and also accept that it will be losses. I took the trade on M5 chart GJ this morning. I hope it is not offtopic to talk about that timeframe?

Here is the trade. It went to my SL at 10pips. I had set a TP1 of 10 pips also which it did not reach. I thought the trade was triggered in all my indicators and also away from sup/res/pivot. Please give feedback.

http://charts.mql5.com/4/122/gbpjpy-...rime-pty-5.png

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
Good Job. I will look for pips today or tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Honestly you cannot win them all. Only thing I can see is a flat 15 minute minute stochastics which would give me the indication theres not enough strength in my eyes and to also exit with a small loss. Also the genesis changing from a solid color red might be also be sign things are starting to change. Unfortunately for myself then it boils down to price action. If its a trend trade I may stay with it. Knowing the market trended short all day do I really want to countertrend. I probably would have taken the same trade minimizing the loss but that's just me. This is just my opinion and my thought process as we are all different traders and read price action differently. Thanks for posting your losses along with your wins. We can all learn from the experience.

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
So its been dead on the pair I trade. No Follow thru.  Will just keep taking trades until catching the big one.   Anyone making some pips?

-3

-0
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Yes it is dead. I am waiting for 5:30am GBP Inflation Report Hearings. Lets see what happened.

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
+15

Not the best entry but got there in the end.

Good luck but have to run.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Good pips  I sold the pull back in EJ as € turned down before cable and I also got ~15 pips....

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Thanks.Very nicely done as always

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Nice trading ROOI.  Glad to see everyone making pips.

So far -19 and waiting for another trade. The train is leaving the station without me and also reversing and crushing my arse. LOL I may as well head to bed as I am not in tune with the market tonight. Not every day is profitable.

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
I agree.One of the most important things that I learnt was the i always tomorrow.I use to awlays get really upset with myself when the Im not trading well or the market is dead,I never use to be able to just switch of the charts.Doing much better with it but still have my slip ups.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Good luck.

Im sure you will kill it again this week

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
My deficiencies while trading.

- When i am looking for buy then i only look for long opportunity and i ignore all short opportunities.

Yes, it is my first achievement of this week. 27 Pips

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Nicely done

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Been unable to trade much recently.  Hopefully I can manage a little more screen time from now on.

Not done much M1 trading so I'm just getting into the swing of things.

+75 for the day.....

Beginners luck I suppose...........lets hope it lasts.

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
15 pips more. I should have hold on the position for at least 20 pips. I have to learn from my mistake.

Total for this week=42

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
I have used 1.3875 as resistance point to get some pips. My both recent long and short positions are on the chart.

Week 1 = 136 Pips

Week 2 = 209 Pips

Week 3 = 42 Pips so far (current Week)

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
-5.6

Have to run

Might have a go later

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Little drop as I was posting

+9.4(more in it most probably but like I said.Have to run)

+3.8

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
More 24 Pips. Yes i have to hold the trade until it hits TP.

Total of the week = 66

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
My recent trades after identifying the ranging market.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Great stuff

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
EU price has hit 1.3900 and i think i have to look for short position.

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Building collapsed in NY, EU can go up and cross the 1.3900

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
Hi. Could you share your indi's and your template please?

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Nothing new really

Attached File(s)   Spread.ex4

3 KB
|
288 downloads
Attached File(s)   Spread.mq4

3 KB
|
317 downloads
Attached File(s)   !Ultra Stochastic Color Line.ex4

12 KB
|
598 downloads
Attached File(s)   AutoPivotIndicator_ver5.ex4

32 KB
|
310 downloads
Attached File(s)   AutoPivotIndicator_ver5.mq4

31 KB
|
329 downloads
Attached File(s)   b-clock_modified.ex4

2 KB
|
295 downloads
Attached File(s)   GenesisMatrix 2.21_1.ex4

18 KB
|
358 downloads
Attached File(s)   GenesisMatrix 2.21_1.mq4

20 KB
|
416 downloads
Attached File(s)   genesis rooi.tpl

132 KB
|
393 downloads

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
+13 and have to run

all the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Nice one, I am also long cable....no buy in GJ as UJ under its 25 ema.....

Edit took partials at the old high of 1.6678

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Always nice to know when Im trading on the same side as you.

All  the best Captain

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Die man van die eiland se ek en jy is broers?  (Shout out to Islander)

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Nie nog n Safa nie

Ja maar ek lees jy bly in die UK

Ek was 6 jaar lank in London Town.Bly now in Cape Town

Hoe lank bly jy nou al in die UK? (Lengte is seker al aan die  kom daar?)

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
at last some nice swings......now retraced 61% of the rally....

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Ek hoop jy bedoel 'lente'...'n man praat nie net so oor 'n man se 'lengte'...?

Ja, been here on the damp island some several years. From CT orig, northern burbs mind you...

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
So Islander and I took a bet this morning, I said it would reach 75% (long) and then drop on its tit. He'll deny any wager I'll wager...

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
look 2 posts above....took the banks money

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Peroni. Cold. Its owned by a South African brewery anyway...

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
"Lente" is what Im talking about.Yip one cant just mention "Lengte" like that especially around a Northern-Subs guy when Im from the South

All the best and good luck

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Can you say "Paarl Boys High" and "Rugby" without descending into a blind panic..?

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
SAB only does so very very well because of all the alcoholic South-Africans that spen most of their time braaiing.My father in law always buys some SAB stock around September and sells it in January/February  because of all the people pissing it up over summer.So really technical analysis there:nerd:

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
LOL

Im originally from Bloem so very much on the Rugby side as I went Grey College.

When I moved back from the UK there was no way of going back there or to Joburg.Only live in the South because my wife works here.Dont know all the politics to well as Im to married and skinny for the "fighting" in the pubs after the big games.

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Still Zastron and Voortrekker? I was at Tempe Tigers, MLW. Showing my age!

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Yip still the same.I promise you Bloem is still the same as when you where there in the early 80.  Nothing changed expect our Mayor and Loch Logan is now the "waterfront"

Im sorry but I have to run as the wife is just about coming home from work and you know one of a  traders main priorities s is to make dinner for the wife  (happy wife,happy life )

Will chat again soon.I will be around you Thread a bit to see what I can learn as you seem to be killing it there.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
This is not good week. I also wanted to post my failure and then recovery.

First -24 and then +23

Total for the week = 65 pips

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
[quote=Rooi;7338825]{quote} LOL Im originally from Bloem

Geweet daar is goeie kwaliteit in jou.

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
[quote=Kobiet;7339900]
Can you please type in English

thanks

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Hi gkawa

He said : " I knew there was a bit of quality in my personality seeing as I was born in Bloemfontein "

But you are right we should be using English

Hope you have had a good week.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
[quote=gkawa22;7340310]
Apologies

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
So did you spend some time in that great city as well?

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
+7.9 (more in the move most probably  )

Done for day and week.Have some stuffs to sort out for the J O B

Happy pipping all

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
GM - dont work too hard  I was tail end charlie and caught the drop late - cable used to start its move during the last part of FH.....now its ~ FO.....

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
+20 Pips

Total for the week = 86

I am not able to post thetrade because my chart is showing weird behavior. is there any one who can guide me that why chart has long tails?

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
No trade allowed earlier in GJ, so changed to EJ which was in harmony.....was hoping for a retest of the overnight highs, but seeing the TVI divergence with the higher volume I settled for +44

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Working too hard is my main problem most of the time

I find its a a mix with the FO and MID-FH and then the final push or reversal after LO but who knows

Nice EJ trade

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
because there was no BB pinch at GJ ?

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
No - UJ put in a slightly lower low at its 101.50 level at 6:25 GMT and turned back up.

EU had already put in a higher low at 1.3845 at 6:00 GMT and rallied from then, thus once UJ turned up ( and its EMA, stochastic and TVI confirmed ) this made EJ a buy at ~ 6:40.

GU was also moving slowly up from an equal low at 6:10, but when I was looking to enter just before FO at 7:00, it was turning down, putting it into conflict with UJ and thus a less attractive entry.   I actually sold GU after FO as mentioned earlier.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
No more trade in this week. Happy weekend to all.

Week 1 = 136 Pips

Week 2 = 209 Pips

Week 3 = 86 Pips

Total Pips so far (Still one week left) = 431 Pips

Monthly target (4 Weeks target) = 400 Pips

Note: All trades with net profit has been posted in earlier posts.

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Thank you sir

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
great result and with your own trading style

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Nicely done

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
Whilst my idea of monitoring both components of the GbpJpy and EurJpy crosses may seem complicated, its really not difficult.

These are my two monitors, one for the 5m charts and the other for the 1 min charts.

As soon as the 1 min AscTrend fires its pop-up alert and sounds its own special sound alarm I take a close look at the charts make my decision - to enter or not.

If its "not" then I carry on with other things - like reading my book - in summer by my pool

Now I am flat on this research account and finished for this morning.

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
So you only use the ASCTrend1Arrow and the TVI2 and do not even bother with MTF matrix at all? Do you only use the alert on the 1min charts?

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Jip; 8 years. Fichardtpark

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
Thanks again, something to do during the week-end; AsctTrend set at 8 i believe?

Enjoy your pool, enjoy the week-end and to some "geniet die naweek"

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Correct, I removed the matrix as the TVI and the ASCTrend are IMO sufficient and as I have said, the TVI actually gives three separate signals. I only set the ASCT popup to active on my 1m charts, its passive on my 5m.

PS I do of course have higher TF charts, including printed out 4hr charts pinned to the wall behind my monitors....I update these by hand every morning....

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Thanks Islander,

Have a great weekend.  I am packing up to head to the beach

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Correct.....too early here for pools and we also have some nasty caterpillars that leave hairs that itch like mad, so clean up etc during April.

Y lo siento, yo hablo Castillaño, pero no Afrikaans....

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
set to 8 for both 1 and 5 min? Is there an explanation of what the risk factor calculates?

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
I use 6 on the 5m.....I have not seen one.   For me, it is just a nice alert that doesn't fire off as much as the price crossing an EMA that I used before.

Try different settings to find which is best for you

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Afrikaans is of vital importance BUT if you dont speak it THEN Eso no es problem.I tienen un traductor para español.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
I have some questions about the different Stochastics indicators in use here and the different settings. I found all theese versions posted in this thread:

!UltraStochastics

!UltraStochastics color line

AllStochasticsAuto

ColorStochastic 1.04

And some is using 11,3,3 setting, others 8,3,3.

autobotsgo is using M1 charts with UltraStochasticsColor, on M5 and M30

rooi is using M1 charts with UltraStochasticsColor with D line hidden, on M5 and M15

Is this thread strictly to chart at M1 timeframe? Does it work on M5? Should the stochs be the same or adjusted in some way when trading both M1 and M5 charts?

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Everybody has their own opnion and prefrance.This thread's name is 1min bla bla bla BUT you can post 5min charts and trades and ideas as we all work on higher time frames anyway.PA is fractal after all 1min is 5min is 1hr etc

I have that setup that you mentioned but also do my "normal" daily alanylisis on the 5min/1hr/Daily but its no compulsory for trading 1min chart.(My opinion )

Just set the MTF stoch to 1hr and 4hr if you want to trade 15min chart or any combination of TF you like

Islander and them use the 30min stoch I think.Depending on what you want your trading time frame to be?

Hope that helps

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Nah - I was told that as long as I understood about taking bier and a pretty girl to the braai I'd get along fine.....

y tu traductor tiene un defecto....Yo tengo un traductor....

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Pirated a few whilst waiting for NYO 2 - the NYSE .....note the pinch

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
LOL -  google translate embarrassed me didnt it

Well generally if you are British then the beer drinking and pretty girls are not a problem.

Listen I have to run out for a bit.Will be back later. If you are not here when I get back then all the best for the weekend seeing as summer is vacating

Cape Town and taking all the beer drinking and braaing weather over to your side.

All the Best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
My last post for today....the green time lines are GMT +2 and are at the arrows. When the alert pops up, check to see if it fits YOUR entry criteria, if so, take the trade, bank some pips when it stalls and enter again after its "rested" and got back to the area of 25 EMA .... exit all at your target.....

A good weekend to all - hope you guys in SA have the weather for it too....

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Thanks. Many times i am at my work so i use teamviewer to look at my Desktop chart and try to manage the trades otherwise close the trade early.

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
EU

1.4000 Is Psychological resistance and break above 1.4020 can go to 1.4140

1.3833 is acting as support and break below this value can bring consolidation area between 1.3800 and 1.3833. (My favorite area).

Break below 1.3800 can go to 1.3707.

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Captain,

Likewise have a good read (homework or pleasure) ?. Out of interest have tried 8,3,3 on the M5, rather than 11,3,3..?

Best all

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Morning all

+12

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
GM - snap - EU and EJ were the better sells...

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Yip

I just need to hold it a bit better but Monday mornings can be a bit thin sometimes so just took what I had for now.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Working out how to stay with these 1m swings is difficult - bank safe pips or look for more - catch 22......once the trade is moving I look at both EU and UJ on 1m, 5m and 15m and try to work out what MIGHT happen.....

I bought EJ in the 8:05 bar....

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Nice!

I was looking at that signal too.

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Edit: UJ was leading and stalled at a minor high of 101.80 = EJ minor high at 141.36 so took partials....SL on remainder behind the 25 EMA....next target is 141.50, so that's an OCO order....

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
TP hit in 09:00 bar.  Quota achieved and I am finished for this morning....

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Very nicely done

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Quoting Islander...I bought EJ in the 8:05 bar....

Hi Islander, would you mind posting your chart of your entry please. I'm trying to look on my chart when that might have been.

Cheers

SR

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Chart already posted here

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...14628&page=238

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Thanks for that...

SR

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
My Week started with 24+ pips.

Weekly target = 100 Pips

Monthly Target = 400 Pips

Current week = 24

Current Month = 456 Pips so far

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Ahmad

What is your emergency stop?  I noticed you had a drawdown over 20 pips.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Wasn't much of a night  but still decent since I started trading multiple lots. Scalped my way to almost 12 pips but I still need to get over the Psychology of pips vs dollars.   Trading 5 minis to a standard lot is whole different ball game. Hope to increase even more but the fear of losing must be conquered.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
[quote=gkawa22;7345873]{quote} Ahmad What is your emergency stop? I noticed you had a drawdown over 20 pips. than

yes that is drawback of my trades. if my take profit is 25 pips then my stop loss is 50. But you can see my success that i have achieved my target.

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Haven't had much time recently to trade or post.

XAUUSD short during Tokyo. Exited a little early. +60

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Good job.

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Thanks

Second trade for today. GA long. Safe exit at DP. +23

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Hi AutoB

Nice to see you back and making pips

Al the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Thank you. Hope everyone is doing well.

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Morning, what are you guys watching? I look at EJ GJ and UJ, all three in a downtrand around there DP, bullish divergence with a stoch 15 turning bullish and under ema 25. no signal so far so still waiting but i only have 1 hour trading hour left, same tomorrow no time for trading

AutoB, great trades.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
GM - so let's hope LO brings a signal......UJ is trying to turn up of its support area around MS 1, GU is still heading down, with Euro faltering and holding just above its BRN....GU also close to its BRN.....

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
and it did, UJ held under its DP and gave a sell signal at 8:08, GU was too far from its EMA, but EJ was within 4 pips with EU flat...sold EJ in the 8:09 bar and just took partials in the spike down towards its BRN....GJ was a sell well before FO and the better trade....

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Nice big moves happening this week so far.

Nice trading.

A bit busy at the moment (will have dedicated time slot in my schedule for FO and LO from start of next month  )

Happy pirating sir.

http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7...nhnao1_500.gif

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
+27 Pips

Current week = 51 Pips

Weekly Target = 100 Pips

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
+13 Pips

So far for this week = 64

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Excellent consistent results! Any chance you are going to expound upon your methodology? From what see it almost seems you are fading when both stochs enter "OB" / "OS" territory. There ust be more too it tha than that. I am guessing you are doing that within a predefined range of price action. Hard to tell from the charts.

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Hi Aahmad29,

Your post above is a bit confusing to me?

Can you help explain your trade ?? It appears to be a late entry long ??? but ends up being stopped out ...But + 27.... Not sure I follow...

Can you clarify.

Thx

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
+27 is the short position and +13 is long position.

As i already mentioned that my trades have one drawback, i use 50 pips SL but TP is +20 pips. Sometimes i close the trade early due to weird PA.

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
You are right i just do my analysis and when price of two stochs enter or proceeding to OB, i have short position and viceverca.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Oh Ok then....

Thanks for clarifying..

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
My favourite predefined areas are 00 levels e.g 1.3900 or Pivot and S/R.

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
+24 Pips More. Wonderful day. I love 1.3900 level.

This week so far = 88 Pips

I have marked the circle which is last swing in M5 and after rejection of 1.3900, i have set TP low of swing.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
+10 Pips

Total for current week = 98 Pips

Weekly Target = 100 Pips

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
+7 Pips

Weekly Target achieved = 105 Pips So far

Weekly target = 100 Pips

Lesson to learn. I have to hold my position because last trade i closed on 10 pips but i can get 25 Pips easily. Patience...Patience...Patience...Patience...Patience...Patience...

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
+24 Pips

Total for the week so far = 129 Pips

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Price is above Pivot. Lets see price go to R1 or back to S1.

Monthly target = 400 Pips

This month pips  = 561 pips so far (3 days remaining)

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Nicely done

You are killing it

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Morning all

+14 and have to run

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
+14 Pips so far

Total for the week so far = 143 pips

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
+27 Pips so far

Total for the week so far = 170 pips

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
You da man.

When I grow up, I wanna mint pips like you are doing now, heh heh!

Keep retaining those pips and George Soros will soon be consulting you.

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Thanks i have some more pips but sometimes my chart is messed up.

+33 More.

I am saved from dive down of price otherwise i can have 50 Pips SL.

Total for the week = 203 Pips

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
why why the change in your charts? Where are the stochs?

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
e]

I am sorry for confusion because stochs were hidden. I always use stochs in combination of Supply and demand.

On the chart you can check that there is new bought level is created at the 1.3875, after doing my analysis then i will take decision.

Total for Four weeks so far= 636 Pips (2 Days remaining in ending of one month - Four weeks)

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Iam very very curious about your analysis

Can you tell us more about it?

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
There is nothing hard about analysis and actually it is not analysis because i will say that it is study of PA at those levels. It is very hard to explain because i take decision quickly when it think that price has moved enough and now it will go back. It is summary of my analysis. I never trade with trend because i do not believe that trend is my friend. It could be your friend but not mine.

Here i try my best in short time to give some explanation because i have other job too but i think it will be confusing for you.

On the last chart you have seen that first level is created by indi at 1.3875 but on the other side you need to remember that FOMC reaction is 100 Pips approximately. I think level of 1.3875 has moved down to 60 pips. Once it it is clear for me that new level is stable then i will start placing trades in consolidation area. I can say that i have ability to handle consolidation area rather than trend.

I forgot to add something that if you look at the charts which i have posted earlier, you will find that i have used 1.3900 psychological level which gave me around 65 Pips.

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
those levels are handdrawn or is it an indy. I once saw an indy that looks quiet the same as the levels on your charts?

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
It is Indy and Indy is attached

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
[Quote = aahmad29; 7351382] {quote} E 'Indy e Indy è attaccato {file} [/ quote]

From your graphs do not see the TF?

And 'correct?

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
[quote=aahmad29;7351382]{quote} It is Indy and Indy is attached {file}[/quote

which tf do you use on your charts ? and which tf on that indy?

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
You are awesome.  I am happy with 5-20 pips a day and you are off the charts.  Even showing the proof of profit down below. Keep it up!!!!

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
I use to believe the trend is my friend until he murdered me. Now I just follow my charts and price action paying very close attention to the pivots. Almost the same thought process. Once I rid myself of this bias sort of thinking my trading suddenly became profitable. Keep the charts coming!!

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
I use M5 and M15 TF.

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Thanks. My trades without proof are nothing. I show my proof because my way of trading is totally different and if i say that i had so many pips then nobody will believe. I do not have any hard rules so it is very difficult for me to explain about the rules.

How my trading is different?

Mostly trader follow the trend but i don't.

Mostly trader hate consolidation and i love it.

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
My area of interest has been moved to 1.3815

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
GM - sold EJ and closed for a wash as UJ spiked up.

Sold GU and banked as price stalled below its close/open level and the top of a S&R zone....

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Missed that signal and now will have to fight for some scraps

Nice catch BTW

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
+12 on the scraps

Let see if there are any more lying around.Wont be over eager to get in but lets see

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
I would expect there to be once the London guys get in and digest Yellen's speach....I bought EJ in the 7:36 bar....

Edit: and closed for a couple.....both EU and UJ stalled at small S&R levels....

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Both of you are very good at FO/LO. I am impressed.

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Nothing more for me

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Well done

Nicely working your way to the top

Do you ever think about compounding ?

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
Thanks - I've been trading this time of the day for a few years now.....

Sold EU in the 7:56 bar, banked 8:09 after it failed to break its 7:04 low.....

PS I missed the buy at 7:25 in GJ

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
Compounding? I am sorry, i know i have +5 years experience in forex but i am not aware of this term. Please can you explain about it or send me the link where info is given about this term.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
the one that got away.....

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
All these forums take the principle a bit far but you will get the idea

Basically not risking a set dollar amount per trade but a fixed % of the account per trade.

Im sure you know about this....

http://www.investopedia.com/universi.../beginner2.asp
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=44083
http://forums.babypips.com/newbie-is...ng-effect.html

Hope that helps

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
I don-t want to sell any Yen crosses until UJ stops dickering around and turns down

Sold EU earlier and took partials at the BRN and will watch for a pull back towards the 3815-20 S&R area to sell again....

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Thanks for info. It is very useful info. I have this plan but i did not have the terms compounding in my mind.

I have started account with $1000 and trading with 0.1. My monthly target is 400 Pips means $400. Once my balance is $2000 then i will start trading 0.2 lot and once my balance is $3000 then i will start trading with 0.3.

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
That is IMO a good way to trade - 10:1 gearing / leverage with simple compounding ......I use a similar idea, although somewhat more aggressively....

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
I am looking for the 1.3800 level but i will be careful because S1 is at 1.3775. This area can provide consolidation.

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
Nicely done.  Your consistency is legend.  I quite like your BB squeeze idea.  Playing with it.  Are you using 25 period with 2 devs?

Trading not typing at the mo.

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
Hi Revoli - good to see you back ......yes, 25 EMA with 2 SD.....and I use it with 20 EMA on the 5m charts.....a good visual aid

Best

Islander

NB EU now into important S&R area 1.3775 / 80.....also 75% of 5 ADR.....

PS closed remainder of EU short in the 10:30 bar...... divergence in TVI at a level.....

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Been missing out on a lot of trades recently - distractions.

XAUUSD short +71

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Just hamstered 17.8 Pips on a MACD divergence on the EU M1 Chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Morning all

+ 10.2

Calling it a day/week

Might be around but not trading

@ Islander

Liking the 25 EMA,will be doing some back testing ( I mean what is a weekend without some back testing  )

GL and happy pipping all

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
Happy Weekend to All

No More trades. See you all on Monday

Monthly Target = 400 Pips

Four Weeks (One Month) Total = 650 Pips

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
well only when the weather's pants.....otherwise its limited work over the W/E

I had my camera handy, so took a pic of my workstation - charts and research only, trading platform elsewhere ......lappy lifted for the pic....I update the 4 hr paper charts on the wall by hand every morning........catch you guys on Monday...

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
I agree, whenever i get some free time on weekend then i do some back testing.

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Hi Rooi and all, just dropping by to say hello, hope you're well and still enjoying your trading, nice to see the pip gains being made here.

@Islander, your paper charts take me back a bit. Don't know if you were around in the days when that was all we poor retail traders had because the prohibitive expense of charting programmes left us no option. So all plotting done by hand including the calcs for MA's, RSI, MACD, etc. Surprised we had time to determine entries and exits as well (which of course had to be done by phone)!!

Then along came the first computer (with the 5.5" floppy DOS disk). Wow, what an advance that was. Found a graphing programme but still had to manually calculate MA's etc. Then for trendlines and S&R it was elastic bands and string with blue-tac across the front of the screen.

The good old days??? Not on your life!!!!!!!!

@Aahmad29 ~ I like your style of using PA, you clearly have a good understanding of its behaviour with smaller timeframe charts, and especially without the need for using higher tf trends etc. I do likewise, and don't feel the need for such filtering. currently running at losing ratio of less than 20% over all trades taken this year on basic (though aggressive) G1m. Doubt very much any additional filters would improve on that.

Good week-end to all, regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
Thanks for encouragement. I hope that after one year i can also say that "loosing ratio less than 20%" just like you. It took me six years to get the results like my last four weeks result and off course my whole journey also includes failures. In the beginning i was disappointed from failures but then i decide to learn from my mistakes and now i am happy.

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Great setup Capt. I would't expect anything less. 3 Screens + charts.

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
Hi Strada

Thanks for stopping by

Always good to hear you making profit........Was March another short month for you,did you finish early or will you be trading next week?

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Hi Islander

Do you mind sharing your Money Management Strategy i.e what % risk of your account etc

I use 2 - 3 % risk on capital with a 15pip disaster stop.Always try to have a mental stop between 6-10 pips if I can depending on PA

Regards

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
PA is at my favorite "00" level. Game begins.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
GM - some time ago I posted about another risk that many traders ignore.......remember these big companies.....Refco and MAN Financial, the biggest in the buisness and both went bust with millions of clients money, so I NEVER put all of my funds with just one broker, nor do I put all of my trading funds there....I keep around half in my own bank and use their gearing / leverage.

So I trade with ~ 30:1 to 50:1 gearing / leverage with similar stops to yours and if price moves back to cross the 25EMA I get out....

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
GM all

+3.6 and fighting the chop this morning.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
I thought that how you went about it.

Thanks for the info

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
LOL -early 90s.... paper and pencil ....that was why the Daily Pivots were used so much....no calculators, just simple maths....or a slide-rule!   I still add up columns in my head for practice......it makes me sad to watch a shop girl using her till to work out what I owe for two items costing say €2.25 each....I've already left the money and walked out of the door....

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Tell me - I'm waiting for LO....

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
Will be back for NY

A bit thin with some heavy news IMO nothing for me for now

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
well, just before LO....GU and UJ up since mid FH and I waited for the next BB pinch....

Good French data spiked EU up and CHF down....

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Risky trade but in +ve. +10 Pips

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
My last trade again i made mistake. I was not expecting PA to go up so fast so when it came down, i closed at +10 otherwise i could get 20 Pips.

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
You did not make a mistake. You made your decision based on what you saw at the time. Hind site is 20/20. A mistake would be trading against your plan and being Undisciplined. Move on....NEXT.

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Good morning fellow traders.  This morning seemed to be about perfectly good set ups ruined by the vagaries of price action (or is it just me?)

I had a mental expectation of EU and GU shorts this morning which I failed to park in a small black box and ignore. UJ to my mind was too upwardly mobile. There were risks in all set ups I saw this morning. I took EU and GU shorts after news but dumped when they failed to deliver more than 10 pips and retraced. Oh well wait some more for that perfect set up....

Not much of a break before NYO so maybe it will all happen then...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Revoli

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
Hi

Yes I do feel the same.A bit  erratic this morning for me.

Im sure other traders did bank some pips because the "swings" were big.

Like you said....Plenty of time left in the week to catch some of the "safer" setups

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
Yes, i just had the feeling that i got some points in Forex "video game" but couldn't reach finish line but on the other side again my 50 Pips SL saved me because if i set 20 or 25 Pips SL then for sure SL was hit by PA.

Now i just think forex as video game where you have battle field and you have to reach your targets.

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
Another victory in the battle field. My video game controller is working fine . Again level "00" helped me.

+26 Pips

Total so far for this week = 36 Pips

Weekly target =100 Pips

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
Resistance at Last swing breaks and now i am looking for short position and will make decision when PA retrace. Only thing is that i have to catch the starting point of retracing.

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
For me new levels are creating and not taking any position. Level is now at 1.3863. Lets see what happen next.

I am letting army of buyers to come to my sellers army area then there will be battle.

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
+30 and -16, two trades. I was able to recover loss and close in net profit +14

Total for the Week so far = 50 Pips

Weekly target = 100 Pips

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
-6

+0.4

+12.5

=+6.9

Miss read it a bit this morning.

Lets see if or what LO can give

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
+9.8 more in it but to scared to hold on

= 16.7

Thats me for the day

Happy pipping all

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
GM - hard work again - I stayed with the major pairs and ignored the yen crosses as UJ is flat.....I entered after the arrows and exited as shown ( increased volumes ~ levels  )...I also got a couple from EU.....let's hope the German info at 9am GMT and the UK CPI at 9:30 brings some activity....

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
Yip

I suppose we cant always get the big runners everyday.

GL for the rest of the day

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Are you only opening trades in the trend direction of the asctrend indicator on higher time frames?

Like trading m1 chart only if m1, m5, m15 and even higher tf:s is confirming the direction?

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
If you are asking me, then yes, I prefer to trade in the same direction as the 5m arrow, PROVIDED that the 5m 25ema has some slope showing that there is a trend in place.......as you can see from my multi screen posted a couple of days ago, I continually monitor the 5m charts and regularly check the higher TFs for S&R areas, TLs etc.   Waiting for the higher TFs to line up is IMO not necessary for day trading off the 1 min charts.

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
I wish I had your discipline.  I comitted the cardinal sin of taking a position late (according to my rules) and having to have a larger stop than my rules allow as my gut told me there would be some more pips to come.  Unfortunately I was right which is really bad news as it reinforces bad behaviour.  So pips up, professionalism down.  The touble is a ride like that leaves you somewhat drained so you then miss the sensible set ups.  I am thinking of having my rules tattoed to the inside of my eyeballs or maybe some electric shock therapy sent to my desk chair everytime I break a rule.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
LOL - been there, done that too. When I trade by my rules I have an 80% + win rate.......when I break my rules I have an 80%+ loss rate!

I use this simple Trade Sheet for each entry.......when an ASCTrend Alert pops up the numbers 1 - 8 are the items that require a tick to allow an entry.....

1. Is price in a BB Squeeze? 2. Has the 25 EMA changed colour to agree with the Signal Arrow? 3. Is price within x pips of the 25EMA etc.......you can work out the remainder as I've talked about them often.....or use some of your own....

Total 5 out of 8 allows a trade.......

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
What MA indicator is it you are using that changes color?

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Another Victory in the battle field. Buyers win.

+23 and +14, Two Trades

Total Pips for current week = 87

Weekly Target = 100 Pips

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
this one......

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
One thing is sure that my next battle buyers will win because i am supporting them on certain levels.

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Another victory for buyer as i said.

+26 more pips

Total for this week so far = 113 Pips

Weekly target achieved =100 Pips

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Again i will be with buyers on certain  level if stoch gave me permission.

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
[Quote = aahmad29; 7363066] {quote} Un'altra vittoria per il compratore come ho detto. 26 più pips totali per questa settimana finora = 113 Pips bersaglio settimanale raggiunto = 100 Pips {image} [/ quote]

Compliments Trade although I still do not understand the logic.

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
My trades are when M5 and M15 stoch is at OB/OS + Study of PA. Level "00" is very important for me e.g. 1.3800. I take advantage when price is going towards "00" level or price going away from "00" level.

If you look at my trades in post "1512", my all trades are at 1.3800 Level.

Short Position : M5 and M15 Stoch is at Overbought "at level 80" + Study of PA

Long Position : M5 and M15 Stoch is at Oversold "at level 20" + Study of PA.

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
+7.9

Struggling with the PA this week.

Hope you guys caught more of it than me

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
GM - PA has been difficult for the last few days as the ranges contract .....I too bought GU and took partials at the MR 1.....now looking at the **50 level and then the big offers ~the 6566 level....

PS   If I may say, why exit whilst there are still wider ranged solid green (white) candles?

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
Nicely done

In time I will learn  to hold for longer as well.

Thanks for sharing your trades and showing your discipline to hold till there is weakness

I just jump on the profit as soon as I see it.Not really the best way to go about it.

The change will take time.Just need to learn to "trust" the 25ema more I suppose

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
I am usually exiting part when the low (high) of the previous candle is broken, especially if around a level / S&R area

Also note the high volume in that red doji that tested yesterdays high and the **50 level....TVI falling too

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
I was just asking myself the same thing.

Been so choppy that I almost just want to take the money and run but I have made a note of it and the color change is very useful and important in this regard.Will have a look through the last couple of weeks to get some confidence in it.

Eliminating one little mistake like this every week is the only/best way to work on become a more rounded trader.(at least thats how I see it)

Thanks for the tip captain

Rooi

:nerd:

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
Very much like Engulfing in the opposite  direction.

I need to be more specific with my Exit rules/approach (need to put some down on paper)

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
also, remember to look at the higher TFs for S&R areas.....now I have a 1m red arrow and I am waiting for a sell confirmation........

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
....more weekend homework .....I have exit rues too written with my Trading Rules.....one is " after a WRB with high volume when price fails to follow through, typically a marubozo type candle followed by an inside candle to form a harami"

PS Initial sell in the 8:28 candle as it broke lower

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
I do look at it but need to learn to deal with "uncertainty" better

I suppose a great deal of it comes from seeing it happen over and over and over again.Year after year

Experience is definitely not something you can buy.Guys like you and Strada make it look so simple

Winter creeping in here in SA so will have plenty of back testing time

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
Attached Image

I dont even want to know what is beyond F Huge bids or offers.....

I have to some work to do elsewhere,but will be back

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Here's another overview.....

My "initial sell" in GU was just that, taken early in case of a swift sell off, BUT against the 5m 25 ema (1m 125ema) or two parts of my old Three Dragons set up ....also, the M30 stoch had not yet turned down.....remember, the safer entries are when the higher TF's confirm the signal in the lower TFs....

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
Morning Rooi and all. The chart may make it look simple today but I can assure you it wasn't. Sometimes I'd stay well clear of this type of terrain, but I'd started, so.............!

Someone will almost certainly tell me I was on the wrong pair today, but I'd started on GU and don't like switching.

It was one of those nip'n'tuck days and the last trade was going to be my last G1m trade before switching to recovery mode, in fact I think I was already in recovery mode mentally but the trade went so well decided to run it as normal.

So I'm sure Islander will agree, days like today are far from simple, it isn't so much about years of experience as it is about a sound trading strategy with well-founded rules and realistic expectations. And this has to include a plan for when you're in a hole. Very, very important, this is probably where most people lose accounts.

Btw, my exit for trade trade 3 was simply a 1 pip lower than the 8.09 bar close after the bounce away from R1.

All the best, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Morning Strada

Nice to see your chart again.Nice trading.

Its has been a bit jittery on my side but like you always say:"some days are better than others"

I'm just keeping on building confidence and experience.

Thanks for posting

Hope you will share some more charts/trades when you have time

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
Another excellent post that will help all followers of this thread - especially those who prefer the Genesis model

I also think that we chose the best pair for the action so far.....with UJ flat I stayed away from the yen crosses, and as I am not up to speed with EurAud, so far GU has been a good choice.

Best regards, Islander

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
haven't been trading a lot lately, cant be at my desk at the right times, but still following this thread with great intrest.

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Hi Huskyboy

I have had that problem as well in the last couple of weeks.Can be frustrating.

Hope you find some time to trades again soon

Regards

Renaldo

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
Nothing so far but now PA is at 1.3800 so action time begins.

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
@ Rooi - please check your PM....

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
It is sad news that RJ is stopping support and contribution in his "Genesis" thread. I have learned a lot from his thread and there is no doubt that there are many people who does not read the full thread and then ask simple question again and again.

I wish RJ, very good luck in his trading. I also hope that he will take his decision back at some time and will start his contribution again.

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
Islander contributed an excellent comment to  the genesis thread only to  experience some negativity not warranted to someone so extremely talented and helpful.  New traders will always ask the same simple questions and its my belief patience and understanding should be a common virtue among us. I also wish RJ the best of luck and I owe him a ton for all the expertise he provided.

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
Morning all

Well said.I agree fully.

Hope you are making the pips as well

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
Rooi

Thanks for answering that so&so on Genesis. I wanted to give her a piece of my mind too but still can't post on that thread.

I am not sure who died and made her Queen of the thread, she is one of the oldies that Islander referred to not contributing anything useful to the thread.

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
Yeah, When I read and re-read Islander's post, I was at a loss to understand FOMs response.  I am not sure how she could take offense to what was posted.

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
Not my best trading

First jumping  in before the FO

Then not waiting for the DP to break to go long(same as yesterday)

Made it out alive though with - 0.4 which is ok seeing how I messed it up a bit today.

Have some work to do today but from next week the FO and LO will have my full attention.

Hope you guys did better than me

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
I agree

Complete uncalled for

Hope you  are doing well and making some pips

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
GM - thank's Guys for your kind comments.....its not the first time that person has had a go at me. If seniors dont make the effort help the new people in a thread then FF will soon run out of posters and wither away too....

Back to the important things.....another difficult FO .....I am long GU as it tested yesterdays resistance and todays DP in the 6565 area and there is UK news in a couple of hours....

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
I am short EA from 1.4913

1/2 off +6, SL be+1.....breaks through roundie or out.

well, that was a quick SL....+1 remainder

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
Rooi, I am not making much headway but thanks to Islander and his BB pinch I am getting better at waiting for a HPT trade as opposed to jumping on every little move.

Islander, if you care to won't you kindly explain how you use the Sonic volume indicator to assist entries and exits. It has so far escaped my feeble little mind.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
The low at 7:27 was a very high volumed hammer which I viewed as a fakeout, so I bought in the next bar....the stochs were positive as was the TVI and there was also a 5m green arrow.

At the high, the fast stoch was already heading down, so I put my SL just under that candle and got taken out for 8 pips....

Now to see what LO brings....

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
I too lost on my first trade -12 gj short. Got taken out by a pip and then went in my direction. . Sometimes I think those market makers have something against me LOL. Update: The chart I forgot to post to my original comment. Do you mind if  I post 5 minute charts in your thread ROOI?  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
From FO onwards I am always busy and rarely have time to post......I will do so later when the European Session quitens down....

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
I took two trades (1 EU & 1 GU, both short) right before FO for all together 24 Pips.

@Rooi, if you dont mind, I can post my charts here, because its a different M1 System...

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
I waited for the pull back and then bought.   Later, look at the fast stoch turning down as price gets up to and stalls at MS1.....tight SL under that small red doji and I am taken out for 10 pips....

Of course, with hindsight I should have been trading EJ earlier.....

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
I just use the coloured volume bars as an alert to look closely at what's happening.  Increasing tick volume is increasing activity and so this tells us to pay attention.

I use this more when price has moved close to "a level" on a chart.....the level may be a sweet spot, a pivot level or a S&R zone and I will often take some profits.   In 1m trading we need to be nimble and banking 10 or so pips does wonders for our moral and account balance

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
I am done for the night. Not a good start but ended on a positive note 7 pips positive as price broke R2. Hope everyone is doing well grabbing some pips. -13 +20 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
GM - yesterday was another narrow ranged day and the Australasian session has been no better ......will Freaky Friday bring some volatility......UK data in 2 1/2 hours....

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
GM

Hope so too

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
GM all and thanks Islander, will try to see how to implement.

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
I have had enough for this week.Really Sh!t PA in my opinion.

Hope nobody was long EJ

Im done for the week with a - 2 for today (still up for the week though)

Enjoy the weekend

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
Lucky trade  took a lot longer than I expected +35

But I have to concur, this week has been a roller coaster of note!

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
agreed - the best moves have been  Aud / Nzd based.....or UsdTry which I am playing with...

These LO spikes are also difficult to read....

Have a good one....

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
Morning, on GU again today, initially thought today may be different starting off with a profitable trade for a change but Islander's comment about about Freaky Friday was lurking all the time.

Looked at the signal just before London but by the time price started to move the 8am german regional CPI news was imminent so left it. After 2 bad euro releases earlier the pound held quite well but combined london open and german CPI isn't tradeable for me. But well done JSF, you're a much braver man than I.

This week not the best result but month only slightly short of target. Now at end of first quarter of year and I have to say trading G1m exclusively has proved to be a very good decision.

Good week-end everyone, strada.

Apologies, on the chart the profit for Trade 1 shows 16, it should of course be 12. Does this mean it's time to start using a calculator??
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
We have local elections on Sunday, here in Turkey. Monday would be a very volatile day.

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Whilst I agree ...

Billy Conolly once famously said "there's no such thing as bad weather just crap clothing" or words to same effect.  The same is true here; this had been a sorely testing week by anyones standards (if I just count pips I end the week negative, if I count profit I'm comfortably up).  It has however been an excellent week for testing systems and discipline.  I made a number of changes this week to how I trade and have yet to review in detail the impact of each but I will be looking in depth at how my rule and process changes impacted.  This week avoiding the whips and capital preservation were key, it was more about the trades I avoided than the trades I took - ie discipline and application of rules.  I like islanders trade sheet - I had been using a table to record mine (I also collect my analysis on ones I do not take as well to check logic later).  This was (is) a great week for proving systems and their application.  PA was so erratic I stopped worrying about making profit earlier in the week after getting a good run that got my target for the week and switched to trading micro lots just to test out planned changes. Just need a decent set up and run to end the week on now....

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
Thanks for the info .....I must say that trading UsdTry reminds me of the old days when GJ was ~the 250 level with daily ranges ~ 350 pips.....

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
Trade 1 shows 16, it should of course be 12. Does this mean it's time to start using a calculator??

Not an easy morning, so nice pips....nah, just take your shoes off and use your toes...

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
Agreed, it was a week were good defence was more important than than going on the attack.

BTW, I am working on some changes - research as usual in my old thread...

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
Who doesnt enjoy a little nosebleed...  (USDTRY)

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
Dear HedgePiglet

Do you mind to give more insight into your template?

Is it a kind of rainbow indicator?

Thanks anyway, it looks intersting.

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
Islander and Rooi are going to thump me for a hijack!

Kofix, I shall send you a PM and I'll be glad to go through the system with you.

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Sorry for my question HP. Of course I understand.

Sorry Islander and Rooi. I very much appreciate your intput too.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
LOL HP - I won't be doing that - its not my thread.....and Roii's an understanding chap ......but if you want to expand in detail, I have no problems in my old thread....

PS no nosebleed in UT today, in fact EJ's got a wider range....

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
I did not have time to post my chart because i was taking care of my account from my work.

Weekly Target = 100 Pips

Current Week closed = 247 Pips

Last trade is posted. Happy Weekend to all.

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
[Quote = aahmad29; 7370402] non ho avuto il tempo di pubblicare la mia tabella perché mi stava prendendo cura del mio conto dal mio lavoro. Settimanale target = 100 Pips Settimana Corrente chiuso = 247 Pips Ultima commerciale è inviato. Weekend felice a tutti. {Image} [/ quote]

Congratulations to the trade even though I do not understand the method.

Hello and good weekend

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
Last trade:

First i decided to go long on the level 1.3700 but i was afraid that due to weekend price wouldn't reach to that level. When i found divergence in Stoch then i was sure that price will go up before it choose his way to go down further. It was my pending order which was executed.

Study of PA is very important for me along with major Psychological levels.

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
Nice to see the ranges ranging a bit!

Which thread can I post in? The old Islander/medici one?

PS: Must catch up, plenty news!

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
That's the one - IMO its best to do the non MTF stochs and other research away from a dedicated thread....

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
To keep with the topic and avoid the wrath of my countryman, here is todays 1m time chart using MMA's with Stochastic support.

EPIC trade there Islander...

The pair is EURJPY and its JUST gone throught the R2 pivot...

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
and here is a double MTF stoch chart of the latter part of the move shown by HP on his rather fishy chart

I am finished for this week - catch you guys on Monday

PS bottom stochs are WIP

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
I still prefer mine...

See ya next week mate.

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Month of March Target = 400 Pips

Total Pips for March = 762 Pips

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Target of Month of April = 700 Pips

Month of march i have more than 700 Pips but i want this figure to be part of my consistent results.

Next week can show the progress but i am very busy next week. Lets see if i can manage my account from work or not.

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
Revised Monthly Target

Target of Month of April = 1000 Pips

Next week can show the progress but i am very busy next week. Lets see if i can manage my account from work or not.

I am also starting my thread in trading journal. As soon as i start my thread i will post link here.

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
Morning all

I have my eyes on EJ for now but will wait for news and FO

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
Looks like GJ would have been a good choice for trading LO...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
First trade of the week. +25

Was a little rough start as it retraced 13 pips as it initially broke above active resistance level as  both mtf stochastics indicated bullish intentions.  Second break was a better entry point. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
GM - so far positive pips are in short supply......took partials, waiting to see if any more become available...

Edit: and they did.....missed my TP by < a pip, exited in the 7:38 candle after the high volumed small red spinning top that was the high.....

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Hi again

After a weekend of some back testing

I have found that I take too many "grey" traders.What I mean by that is I use to much discretion and I'm losing money in the process.Never mind the money it is frustrating me and a frustrated person cant be calm enough to think straight especially on the 1min TF the way I want to trade

So as a sort "keeping myself in check" system I will be posting a full report/journal post every morning.One of the biggest problems I think that I had was in the weeks prior to the last we had some beautiful moves that were really easy to trade and my discipline stared to wonder.

Here we go with my trades for the day. Incorrect being I broke my rules and correct meaning I follow the rules.Nothing to do with pip count

Trade 1 (correct entry) = +3.7 and +0.2

Trade 2 (incorrect entry) = +1.9 and -3.5

Trade 3 (correct entry) = +1.6 and - 0.1

Trade 4 (incorrect entry) = +2.4 and 4.4 *Incorrect entry and that pissed me off so much that I had done it for the second time that I closed TP2 early*

Line 5 would have been the correct entry point for the long and it would have given me +20 in total very easily

Daily pip count + 10.4 (Should have been +30 easliy.I know should have could have doesnt count but a very good reminder to follow the stinking rules)

This feels like my last problem that is keeping me back.The fact that I go with flow of the waves is good , but I must use the system to it full potential.

Hope you guys had a good morning session

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Nice trading guys

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Hi Rooi

I am no expert but I think you are too hard on yourself, any one of the longs would have worked but were grey trades with 141.5 just above. So I think itchy clicker finger is the problem, my achilles heel as well.

Thanks for posting your charts

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
Hi jsf

Thanks for the kind words and I agree that they could have worked.

The itchy finger syndrome is a real problem you are right.

Thanks for your charts.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
The way I viewed this was that the Australasian session was flat in a narrow range, so no input for Frankies Hour

Just after FO - now at 6am GMT after Europe changed onto Summer Time / DayLight Saving yesterday - UJ had a buy arrow, so I was only looking for buys in EJ and as it is a Monday too, I was not in any hurry to get in......

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
2nd trade of the night. +19 pips and more then exceeded my daily goal. Total 45 pips for day. Another Agreement of stochastic and pivot high. Exit on R1. Anyways I believe I am done.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
I actually discovered I personally cannot trade the one minute charts like yourself and like the many other experts here. I found out the hard way and I too have an itchy finger. I would trade 20 times on a nightly basis and end up paying more in commissions on my ecn account more then anything else. I can be way positive and overtrade only to lose it all and then some in the end. Thanks to Ahmad he made me realize I cannot be afraid of setting wider stops 15-20 pips but only look for those ideal setups. I hope you don't mind me posting charts although its a 5 minute time frame.

I appreciate everything you have done on this thread and will continue to participate as long as its ok with you.

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
Well done - you have your system and you are trading it well

So far, UJ has been the power behind both GJ and EJ's rallies as it broke above its BRN at 103 and then a solid down trend line on the 4 hr chart, also a 50% retrace at 103.09.  IF its rally continues,  its next upside targets are 103.43 and 103.73 which would pull both GJ & EJ higher.......TWT

Remember that both Yellen and Carney are speaking later today....

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
Thank you islander.  I take bits and pieces of your expertise along with others including RJ to be more in tune with market.  Our charts are all so different but we all have that  common goal to make positive pips on a nightly basis.

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
We all "see" charts differently, so I totally agree with your approach.....IMO there is no "one size fits all" in looking at charts and each trader has to work out what is best for him / her

This is my update laptop set-up for viewing EJ.....I can easily change the small charts on the right side to view the 5m & 15m for EJ.   Knowing where the next areas of S&R are on EJ's constituant pairs helps me "see" EJs action and what is driving it and thus with decisions on exiting trades....

PS as RJ commented, this is probably too much for most traders, but take from it what you will....

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
Hi gkawa

Glad you are comfortable with your method and making pips

As long as you show entries and exits for your trades then you and anyone else will always be welcome here.There is always something new to learn or consider when look at a trader that is making pips

I hope you will continue to post and share you trades

May the pips be plentiful

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
Raking in the pips like always captain

Well done

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
I am happy to see that every one making pips but sad thing is that i am at my work and couldn't get enough time for analysis and trade.

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
I missed my opportunity when price hit my favorite level 1.3800.

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
+24 pips using level 1.3800 . I will post chart later bcz i am managing trades from work.

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
My trade

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
You took a sell trade when all stochs showed up move?

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
Yes, as you can see that i missed one opportunity of sell when price hits 1.3800 and at that time both stochs were on OS area. I waited for the price to hit 1.3800 again and i was lucky so this time i did not care about stochs because according to my analysis price will go down one more to same level where it was gone in last cycle in M5.

Now many traders asked me that how i did my analysis? it is very difficult to explain but there is general rule for me that price hits major Psychological levels at least 2 times but not all the times.

Honestly I missed 50 Pips opportunity according to my analysis because i was at work.

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
Morning all

News every 15min for the FH so EJ might be jumpy.

GU news after LO so might be slow going till then

No preference yet looking closer at GU

Rooi

Edit : all news only after LO - My watch is slow.People in the north changing the time confuses simple folks like me

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
Yes, at this time i am at home and market is dead. My bad luck.

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
LOL - then think what it does to us and our animals.....bloody cockerells have enough of a problem telling the time as it is and daylight saving just gives them an excuse to wake us up at 3am, 4am, 5am etc......just blame it on the politicians.....

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Much better morning for me discipline wise.

Will make more pips in future on the runners.Focusing the mind again and the profits take care of themselves

A bit tricky again but true to its nature the PA has to go somewhere eventfully

Trade 1 ( correct ) - Waited till the on the open and dint jump the gun ( +2.9 , - 2.8 ) +0.1

Trade 2 (correct ) - Could have waited a bit better for the PA to show more intention but the signal was there ( 2 X -3.7 ) = - 7.4

Trade 3 ( correct ) - Nice entry but jumped on the profit early as it brought me back above water and the news was looming. ( +2.6 , + 7.5 ) 10.1

* I want to have the approach like Strada where you focus on having no losing days.Tricky but possible

+2.8 and happy with that.Will be easy to improve targets again in the coming days just need to focus on the signal again and re-enforce my patience,again.

Slow start to the second quarter but looking promising and staying positive is a top priority

Hope you guys had a good morning

GL for the rest of the day

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
LOL.

I agree.When in doubt.Blame the politicians.

Hope you caught some pips for the session.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
well done with your +ve pips ....as EU, UJ and thus EJ were flat into FO, I waited until LO before entering - your trade 3...I took partials when it stalled the 142.40 level and am holding the remainder to see IF EU goes for its BRN.....TWT

Edit SL closed remainder for +9

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
Hi LFN

Aamad's approach to trading is very much like trading Supply and Demand with Oscillators like the link below.

http://www.fxstreet.com/webinars/ses...tors-20080507/

(if mods are not happy with me putting up the link just tell me and I will delete.I have nothing to do with fxStreet)

The trade that aamad took was early but the signal did come later proving the the indicators can be a bit slow for getting the best entries

The ways Sam Seiden breaks it down is very good.But you have been around for a while so Im sure you have heard of him.If not he is really great in explaining Supply and Demand as well as using oscillators with the PA

Hope that helps

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
Very nicely done.

In future I will be hitting TP1 between 3-6 pips and not think about taking TP 2 before a color change on the HA bars or a break below the 25 ema

Being patient with taking profit is the secret factor that you and Strada share.The bigger profits are what help you to bounce back easily from a trade that went the wrong way and most of the time making some profit for the session as well.

Thanks for sharing.sharing. Im definitely taking notes

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
Thanks Rooi. I am not good in explaining things. You are really master, you explained everything in few lines.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
Hi aahmad

Good to see you making pips my friend.

Sorry that you missed some because of work.

If you keep making those pips you are making then you should be able to trade full time in the coming years

Good luck and hope keep making those good entries

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
You might consider one TP level for trades during Frankies Hour and another, larger TP for trades after LO when the wider moves happen

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
+24 more pips.

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
So far -16 with 4 different trades on a ranging market. Most of these trades I shouldn't have been in.    Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is just another night where its tough for my strategy to trade. Keeping losses to a minimum until the markets isn't so ugly. Still looking for the trade of the night so will only be up for a few more hours.

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
The Yen and crosses have been in a very tight range today.  I have made one good trade on EA.  Australian pairs and NZD pairs, have had a corrective traceable move today.  Otherwise flatter than piss on a plate.

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
Shutting it down for the Night. Love the quote "flatter then piss on a plate". Glad to see you making some pips.

Update: I couldn't leave the night on a negative note  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

so I finally caught my last trade +11. Might go for more which it did but after the horrible range night I was having might as well take what I can. Ended the night -5

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
Then EJ must have been a Bucks Fizz on the plate ....three times a dozen or ~ 40 if you bought and held....

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
Not sure what time you are showing. I missed the first two hours of London session today.

i did did get a piece of the after Cut move.  BTW, what is a Buck's Fizz?

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
I am starting to find the Genesis thread entertaining   Lets see how many of those new Genesis members gravitate to this thread posting Genesis MA charts.

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
This is by far one the of the best most informative post I have ever read on forex factory.  It was written by Hanover one of the biggest contributors referring to a self proclaimed holy grail system FF thread.  I will copy and paste here.

I'm sorry. It looks like my post jinxed your Trade Explorer. After 2 years and 16000 pips, I go ahead and post, and it's now encountered some significant losses. I see that you've changed your first post to "Those looking for holy grail of forex - this is NOT it".

@readers of the Rookie forum:

There's a "this is the holy grail" thread every few months on these forums. I've been a member since 2006, and during that time none of them have lasted more than a few months. People overestimate their own genius: they believe that they've discovered something revolutionary that all the millions who have gone before them, including the most experienced traders and knowledgeable market veterans, have somehow overlooked. They forget that, if a simple "holy grail" grid system existed, that the big banks and institutions could save themselves millions in salaries by dismissing all of their expert analysts, traders, economists and IT gurus, and simply run this holy grail.

Am I being negative? No, because I know that it's very possible to be a profitable forex trader. I know of at least two regular FF contributors who run accounts totalling several million dollars. I have other buddies and acquaintances who are profitable, albeit to a a more modest extent. All of these folk are successful because:Their strategy incorporates a proven edge, one that is grounded in exploiting recurring inefficiencies in price behavior. They accept losses, and exit them quickly (whereas the amateur looks to somehow filter out losing trades, and/or recover from recent losses). They prioritize risk management, by sizing their positions both small (relative to account size) and consistently, allowing both their method and their account to survive unfavorable market conditions, and giving their edge the opportunity to ultimately prevail. They focus on improving their market analysis and trade execution, not their P&L. Profit is the by-product of making good trading decisions; chasing money generally results in poor decisions. They understand and avoid the newbie traps listed here (and no doubt many others, also). They know that it requires significant capitalization to be able to size conservatively, and also make a decent income (whereas newbies "need" something like 100% per month from their $1,000 accounts, and consequently overtrade, and overleverage themselves). Their consistent execution involves discipline; and discipline comes from having confidence in a proven strategy, which comes only from experience, and is grounded in knowledge of how and why markets operate.

Yet none of these professionals would ever talk about their approach as being the "holy grail". That is a term used by newbies, and also by vendors who want to lure newbies into buying their worthless products.

I'm no longer using MT4 or trading FX. Pls don't expect replies to posts.

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Morning all

Lets see what is up.Favoring EJ for now

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
I put GMT as a reminder on the top line of my charts.....its position varies as I zoom.....a Bucks Fizz aka a Mimosa is Champagne with orange juice - or here, its Cava with OJ.....I was just fooling around a bit - as you said, it was a quiet day....but contraction leads to volatility and that happened later in the Australasian session....lets hope that it continues in the European / US sessions....

PS the overnight driver was UJ - perhaps the BOJs March Tanken data pushed UJ up to a nine month high around just above todays's R 1 at 103.86 - lets hope for the BRN next...

PSS long EJ at FO....

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Same here but tight on the SL trialing with half off already

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
Rooi

I notice you only trade FO and LO.  Is it more time constraints or movement during these times?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
Morning again guys

+17

Only one entry and happy with that will see how London opens and seeing what signals we can observe.

Hope you guys have good session

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
I followed the green candles and as soon as I saw the wider one with increased volume I focused on the PA and put a SL under the first red candle and took partials for ~ 14 pips....the red S&R zone has now changed to a green S&R zone

Edit - closed remainder for +10 after the LH at 6:48.......now for LO....

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
First class trading

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
Hi gkawa

I trade only the FO and LO with a target of getting as close to 20 pips as I can without forcing it to much.Like now I have +17 and Im happy with that.No need to cause myself any heart ache by risking profits.

I changed how I trade a great deal in the last four months as I had been spending 10hours a day in front of the charts trying to catch as much as I can and trying to understand everything and every session but at the end of it all I never once made 100pips at the end of the day because I was over trading and really making and losing a lot of pips but my end result would normally be anything from -30 to +30 for the whole day.

I have followed Strada for a long time and he has really been through it all and has a very long history with trading and you can see it in his results.He only maybe has one or two losing days in a year if that, with a target of 30 pips a day but more importantly closer to 600pips a month trading only FO and LO.So not chasing  the pips on the bad days but rather making plenty on the good days.Knowing there will be plenty of both.

So when I looked into some of my results I realized that there was no real benefit to trading from London open to London close as I was not making more pips just causing myself a lot of head ache by winning and losing pips the whole day long.Others like Islander might be great at the NY session but it very difficult in my opinion there is always a great deal of news and all sorts happening and after a whole morning of trading I tend to not think my trades through as well as I should.

Getting back to LO.LO has the cleanest move with a lot of volume so there should be a 95 % chance of the move in either the GU or EJ as you have the 4 main currencies in that group and they behave very well in the 1min with strong moves and reversals.

So taking a page out of Strada's book I now only trade 3 hours in the morning and give it my full attention.Still working on making my 20pips a day but as long as I dont have down days then I am slowly growing my account consistently without violent swings.Your risk % can also increase as one becomes very consistent and knowing that you have very few down day

I now have much less head ache in the afternoon and plenty of time to spend doing my other home based job and working on my other venture.

Its much better in my opinion to trade/scalp the cream of the day.The market is just too vast to to be trading the whole time.

Three hours is plenty and you can always do some swing trading or investing like I am doing as well if you like myself , feel the need to always have money in the market

Sorry for the long winded explanation but that's why I only trade FO and LO

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
Thanks captain and the same to you

Was nice to know you and I were fishing in the same river in the same direction

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
Great advise Rooi, no need chasing the market from dawn to dusk. I'd take this to heart

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
Nice post - I too only trade for ~ three hours in the morning which is what I did with Medici in our thread. Later, as it was winter, I started looking at the two US Opens, so now I often trade those too.......but 20 to 30 pips consistantly from the morning's three hours is a good achievable target....

PS UK data at 9:30 GMT

PSS Whoops that should be 8:30 GMT

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
Morning all, EJ today and a shaky start. The pre FO isn't working so well at present so may have to lay off it for a while. It's good overall but does go through these phases sometimes of not waking up till post FO, anyway we watch and monitor.

Trade 4 was only 1 TP with tight stop ie 5 which is all I had in the bank before going back into loss for the day. The trade went quite well so set my stop for +15 giving me +20 for the day, a good result after the earlier trades.

regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
Very nice two way trading, with a very clear, detailed chart

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
Hi Strada

Yes I got bitten by those pre-FO trades last week and have been a bit weary of them but like you say there are periods where they work very well and there are big moves that come from those early signals.

Nice to see you got the last move down as well.I was contemplating it.

I have been waiting for the 15min Stoch for confirmation and it does help quite a bit.

Thanks as always for sharing your chart.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
First trade of the night +20. Pipsometer shows 14 pips because its calculating the -5 pips from last night and doesn't reset till midnight. I no longer have anything affiliated with Genesis or Matrix on my chart because I found keeping it simple is best and not cloud my charts with too many indicators. Anyways if I find anything useful like Ahmads supdem indicator I will include it as my analysis. I do thank everyone on this thread for sharing their indicators as I will do the same.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
+10

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
Nice, Strada

Do you have a look at the 5m charts before you take the trade on the 1m?

Regards,

K

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
Hi Kobiet, No, I don't look at 5min or any HTF before trade entry.

This may not find much agreement with most, that doesn't make anyone right or wrong, it just means we're different!

For me, trading 1min is all about 1min charts, nothing less, nothing more, I get all the info I need from that 1 chart. I know for a fact that if I start trying to predetermine direction using HTF charts or indies I will then have bias, I will then hesitate, over-analyse, double/triple check and end up missing perfectly good trades.

But it goes a lot deeper than that. Before switching to G1m I obviously did a lot of research and testing, I had in fact been working with it on the sidelines almost since the genesis inception but using 1min charts, so I developed quite an affinity with it. What I did know was that the method yielded consistent profitable results just as a stand-alone system without any of the additional filters (including some that RJ used) but using my own well established MM.

So when you know that a method is going to give these results, it isn't difficult to run with it and take the inevitable losses in the stride, although they have to be sensibly managed with a decent plan. On this basis I'm not interested in looking for ways to filter out losing trades, it's a waste of time because I know I'll fiilter out more good trades than the bad ones.
I would much rather be in a signalled losing trade than out of a signalled winning trade.

Going a bit deeper, there then has to be a suitable trading plan to capitalise. I used to use 3 TP's before, then Rooi came up with the idea of using 2 and he made it work quite well so I checked it out and followed his example, that has proved extremely beneficial. My targets are relatively low these days because I can't maintain the same levels of concentration any more so smaller targets, higher value pips, I really need to concentrate for that short session each morning and therefore have to keep it all as simple as possible. That means no HTF or additional charts/indies.

Long winded I know but maybe it helps. However please remember, if others do it differently, that doesn't make it wrong, just different.

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Strada, no critiques just an obeservation but that second trade short was against the m15 stochs, part off a plan ?  For the rest nice trading

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
Hi Huskyboy,

Part of the plan?? It would probably be more accurate to say it isn't, I don't pay much heed to it. a 15 min indie when trading off 1min charts doesn't make a great deal of sense to me, as per the previous post. But i can see how it may give additional comfort to an entry, however it also delays the entry often then you can be in the position of trying to catch the falling dagger. Too much blood for me??

All the best, strada.

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
Cheers mate

It's true what you say about the higher timeframe; albeit just 5m. I do find myself sometimes confused, but like you said, that doesn't mean it's wrong; it's just depending person to person. RJ gave us a good template and I'll be trying the 1m standalone for a while.

Regards,

K

Edit:
Pardon my manners; thank you for taking the time to write a decent response.

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
Hi Strada - before I even read your last two excellent posts I had started removing unnecessary clutter from my charts, so my chart posted earlier now looks like this.

I think your comments about the higher TFs ARE very relevent to 1m trading and I too know about the demands that 1m trading makes on us......especially as we get older!

I notice that you have no horizontal lines whatsoever and wondered if you would like to post your reasoning behind this choice.

Best

Islander

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
Hi Islander, I do keep S&R on another set of charts some of which go way back but I find now with G1m I'm more focused on the pivots which are on the G1m charts.

OR, did you mean my reasoning behind the trades you marked on your chart, happy to explain that if that's what you meant.

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
I too like pivots, especially with Yen crosses, and I also tend to put on recent levels that have been support or resistance, but I didn't see any levels on that EJ chart and that was my query as to whether you prefered a naked (level-wise) chart and if so why?

Cheers, Islander

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Hi Islander, apart from any major S&R on the other charts I'll be mindful of any levels prominent from asian session or persisting from previous day but I don't normally put them on the chart, partly due the aesthetics but more importantly they won't have too much influence on entries unless there has been very, very recent weakness at the barriers. I will occasionally use them for exits if PA stalls or fails several attempts to break. After 6am (Europe) & 7am (UK) when the forex desks are getting into full swing I don't think much of the overnight activity plays that much part in proceedings, europe and more so London will have their own agenda and they will determine the way forward so very often overnight levels get swept aside.

Of course there are times when I forget these levels and then afterwards wonder why price got stuck!!! I know what the solution is but like you suggested I prefer not to have the lines on the chart.

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
Thanks for that - we have soooo much information available that deciding what to leave off our charts is becoming more important - and more difficult!.  I used to trade naked charts, but now go for the subjectivity that a few well chosen indicators offer.

Best, Islander

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
+24 pips more. i m on my way home from work and will post chart later.

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Here it is

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
Demo Testing

Hi i know that many traders get confused with my trades because trades are not totally depends on indicators. I am testing one trading system here in FF in trading Journals with my own settings. That system is designed or presented by Capstone with name "Cutting the cord with M1 scalps" in trading Journals.

I will test this system and will post demo trading entries.

Only EU pair , Time Frame = M15

Note: There is no SL initially. You have to add multiple positions. In the given screenshot i have taken Long position at 1.3761

There are two TP

TP1 = 15 Pips

TP2 = Upper Band (blue line)

Rule for Long Entry:

When price hit lower band and there is cross up in BH-Ergodic

Rule for Short Entry:

When price hit upper band and there is cross down in BH-Ergodic

If anyone have questions, feel free to ask me and be the part of demo testing.

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
Boss is here

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
lol. That is funny. LIsten. we all see things differently, even on the same chart. That is one of things that makes FX so attractive to me. Have at it! If anyone is curious how I originally traded this chart, I would be glad to show you. It is pretty self explanatory however. I traded it on M1.

I like your method aahmad, it just has more drawdown than I would like before it gets to profit.

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
I agree about drawdown. I just try to follow the SonicR method in different way. I wanted to test that how much draw down would be there. Selection of EU pair is the main reason that there is always limit of draw down because both currencies are strong.

Lets see how it works. For me, i always have capacity of 200 Pips SL otherwise i don't trade. It does not mean that i have SL=200 pips, i am talking about capacity (how much trader can afford easily).

In my normal trades, i already mentioned that if my TP=25 then SL is 50 Pips but i am doing trading successfully.

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
Morning all

GU for me for now.Still flat though

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
GM - I sold EJ in the 05:54 gmt bar....SL now +10

Edit: SL closed in 6:03

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
Tonight was a perfect ore for pre-FO breakout on the yen and yen crosses. Will wait for a pull back and resumption.

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Morning, early finish today, great set-up on EY, little double top, back below DP, just above the number, G1m signal, and at this time of day just before FO these numbers often get tested. Couldn't be sure if it was going to be stop-hunting below or a more sustained move, yet to find out on that one but I have my 20+ pips for the day so closing up shop.

strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
GM - snap - same idea, different contracts with the drop in UJ as the common denominator...

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
Nicely done.

Im still scraping with GU

2 nice signals on EJ though

The two experienced traders done for the session with the rookies still fighting each other for a slice or even the crumbs of the pie

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
I got bitten by my first one on EA for today.

I tried to trade in line with the bullish rainbow and the positive CCI...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

-10 so far

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
i will ill take your word for it.  Hard to tell what is going on inside the rainbow.  Hope there is a pot of Gold

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
- 1.8 and a dull morning for me backing the wrong pair

1st trade -5 X 2 = -10

2nd trade +2.1 + 6.1 = 8.2 (Survived by the skin of my teeth and over eager to jump in,If I waited for the signal it would have been a better fill and less stress)

Just wanted to finish before the news roller coaster starts.

Like watching paint dry for me this morning,Have to take the good with the bad
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Rooi

PS - A bit like this,this morning
http://cdn.makeagif.com/featured/SLgKA4.gif

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
how many pairs do you guys trade? Same pairs every day? Or do you use a strength meter or something similar to decide on what to focus on. I currently trade 12 pairs on 4 screens. I sometimes think I should cut back to 8 or maybe even 4. One good thing about it is that it forces me to act or not act very quickly.

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
I just trade 2.EJ and GU

4 different currencies to back in those pairs and Im happy at that.Both have European open sides to them so should see a move in the FO and LO trade hour

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Hi Jeffray

Try put big bold LWMA 40 on top of your rainbow. And put 21 for Entry CCI at Doublewoody indi.  Hope it will helps ya.

Best trading to u.

~profi~

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
I understand.  I do this full time.  I try to trade the strongest vs the weakest.  So farG /N has been the best tonight. At most I try to only have have two trades on at a time.  This is a recent change for me.  Will give it a month, then may need a vacation . I use to only trade two pairs GY and EA .

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
If you are monitoring 12 contracts, many of these will be crosses and thus have similar movements to their base pairs.

As this thread is mainly about the European Session, the main base pairs are EurUsd, GbpUsd, UsdChf, UsdJpy and possibly AudUsd and  their assosciated crosses - EurJpy, GbpJpy EurAud etc - these are the most active majors during this session.

Like Rooi, I restrict my trading mainly to GbpUsd and EurJpy and for some excitement, occasionally UsdTry...

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
+11.6 - 1.8 = 9.8

Just too good to pass up as it is my favorite trade setup with good R:R and small SL and 99% of the time I want or will take it

The PA formation will have many names but I learnt it as a failure to return pattern meaning it tested the High of the day and tried to test it again but could not even get back up to test it never mind break it so the path of least resistance it down

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
i do not trade chf, as very highly correlated to EUR. I have one screen for base pairs, EU and GU, one for yen and crosses, one for commodities vs USD. The other I use for any crosses that are moving strongly via a strength meter. It is amazing how many times the synthetic is moving the most.....I.e EN etc. When the arrow alert triggers, I look at the appropriate screen and if the signal is valid I fire away.

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
I agree with you fully it is a very good way being thorough and working with the highest probability if that is how your mind eliminates your options and builds a good case for entry.I take my hat off to you for that but that is not my strong suite.I just play the technicals on the opens with some levels with good R:R and a decent accuracy level.

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
Great that you can make monitoring 12 contracts work - and obviously the pop-up arrow alerts must help a lot ......I think its above my pay grade....and agreed, the maths of a synthetic usually gives the larger move, which it usually needs to compensate for its spread....

Edit: if I remember correctly a  programer called Gadi did some good work on a currency strength comparison indicator...

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
HAHAAHAHAHAH ......that is the exact currency meter I use. I have it on 4 time frames, 5 min, 15, 1 hr, 4 hr. Absolutely the alarms help. It is rare more than two go off at the same minute. The I benefit of many pairs, is if I. Have any doubt when I look at it, I don't take the trade.  Another OPP is not to far away.  Clean and mean.

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
OK.....done until after EUR rate and presser.  A lot of news before hand, so I will wait for NY. Open.  Good trading to all.

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Scalped a quick 5,but off-course it could've been more.  Just couldn't resist, knowing a lot of reds coming up:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
First Demo test Results is very good. Trade achieved the target even during ECB event. TP hit at 1.3786. Later post the chart

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
First Demo test Results is very good. Trade achieved the target even during ECB event. TP hit at 1.3786.

TP1 = 15 PIPS ACHIEVED

TP2 = 1.3761 TO 1.3786 = 25 PIPS

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
My own trading. Two trades

+45 - 14 = +31 pips

total pips so far in this week = 103 pips

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
second demo testing signal

EU - M15

long at 1.3710

TP1=15 PIPS

TP2 = UPPER BAND

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
I must be very stupid Aahmad, but for the life of me I can not see why you took that trade, and if that news spike did not happen (nobody could have predicted that), you would have lost 76 pips without a stop loss.

Please enlighten me

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
This is Demo testing. First priority is to find that if that system gives you valid signals up to 90%. I will post all signals on this forum and then traders can decide that how much should me SL.

For you, mostly i donot have SL on my actual trades.

Everyone has its own thinking. I think i am producing 100% results each day from last 7 weeks.

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
Morning all

Not favoring anything yet.Waiting for the news

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
Morning Rooi, I.m in EY again today, just taken tp1. strada.

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
GM - sold EJ in 06:01gmt bar on pull back to the 25 EMA ......taken a few and remainder with SL +1

Edit: a continuation trade as EJ heading down for past two hours....the better sell was at 5:23

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
Morning strada

I was/am in and out of EJ already +2.7 +7.2 for now.

Will see how it develops further

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
Nicely done.I was 6:06

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
thanks, I moved my SL, so +5 on the remainder

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
Just to be different, I was +7 & +2. now long.

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
joined you with half a position....waiting for UJ to confirm....

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
The "Rooi" news?

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
Rooi News meaning = Red News

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
Morning Islander, took an exit at BE, will now wait for this congestion after the run down to clear, time for tea & toast! strada.

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
a good decision.....I'm still in that half lot with a -10 SL....

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
I wanted to see that if Demo signal gets TP before NFP or what happen during NFP. To hit TP, NFP reaction should be buy for EU

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
Hi guys

Im taking my 9.9 and calling it day.

Was a nice looking long with a really good chance of getting up there.I was just super careful and cautions with the profit I had and would have gone long above the yellow line on the second test with stops below the first red pull back

Hope you guys have a good weekend and thanks for posting as always

Rooi

PS - Strada where did you go long if you dont mind me asking ? or if you are putting up a chart. Dont worry about  this question

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
I had the chance to get out at BE as price tried to move up, but decided to move my SL to -5.

Out for -5 on a half lot......the range for the past 100 minutes is 11 pips!

PS bought GU in 7:51 bar

PSS and closed that for a wash and I'm finished for this morning - back for NFP....

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
Have attached chart below. times on this chart not on UK summer time so they are 1hour slow, have to find another MT4 on current UK time today.

Rooi, the long is marked and this is where I exited short TP2 and entered long. Exit from this trade due to failure of London to make any progress and clear congestion after the run down not showing signs of breaking out (Islander's indies may have been better confirmation of this??) I sometimes use bolli's to confirm congestion.

Entry of trade 1 was slightly premature in relation to stoch 5m but 15m was OK and 6 reds on matrix combined with my actual entry below the previous low that was formed previously, so no hesitation to enter.

Like you rooi, I'm going to stick with my +9, not a bad week, so no point in risking any of it now and not much seems to be moving on my 3 charts.

Hope everyone else has a good day, regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
Thanks for sharing and a good weekend to you both.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
strada - what's the yellow MA on your chart please?

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
EMA5; shift2; HLC/3 from the genesis suite. rgds, strada.

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
Strada

Took a leaf out of your book today, only looked at 1m charts, thank you

I was a bit late on this, should have entered 3 candles earlier but +14 pips, not complaining

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
+29 more

Total for the week = 132

Due to busy schedule, i couldn't achieve the target of 250 pips weekly

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
Demo Testing

We got some reaction in buying side. If i am trading on this system, i will close the order at this point 1.3726.

TP1=15 Pips achieved

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
Aahmad - is that HAMA you are using in your chart (post 1699) ?

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
Happy weekend to all. I close this week with 134 Pips

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
Yes it is HAMA but i don't really use every time. I just judge the trend by HAMA.

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
Active trades

TP1 is already achieved during NFP.

Trade 1 = Long at 1.3710

Trade 2 = Long at 1.3683

Set TP2 = 1.3710

Add another Long position at 1.3683

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
Demo Test

Second signal closed in profit.

Closed both trades at 1.3705. I donot want to keep the trades active.

Trade1 = 1.3710 to 1.3705 = -6 pips

Trade 2 = 1.3683 to 1.3705 = 22 Pips

Net Result = 18

Hope that trader understand that how we add another position.

I will keep posting demo signals next week.

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
I have received some PM that i am only posting closed positions which are in profit and i do not post the open trades which are in negative.

I found only one solution for that i post my trades section of MT4 so if you see that i donot have any open position at the weekend.

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
LFH simulator

Has anyone ran the replay mode with the Ultrastochastics and does it match up to real time trading? I am planning on doing a ton of replay on the one minute and although profitable on the 5 minute time frame I definately would like to master the 1 minute like most of you here.  Cannot get the darn thing to work anymore.  Oh well

thanks for the reply

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
I did find some problems with the ultra stochs and thus changed my 1min charts to using two versions of the 1m Stoch-MTF indicator with different settings that I researched to give similar results to a multi TF indicator.....see this post......you could try this as another option.....

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...29#post7369929

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
Morning all

So far Im eyeing EJ but let see it is Monday morning after all

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
+9.8 was a bit jumpy on the second exit but at least it some pips in the bank

Will see if we can get in again

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
Good Job. In my plan, i have decided not to take less than 20 pips movement so lets see. I have one active position in EU but market is not much moving.

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
Calling it a day

Here are my thoughts and signals

1 - Great setup and took it

2 - Really nice looking entry could have taken it as 3 of entry conditions were met as well as having a tiny SL but just working on my discipline for now

3 - Actual signal short but not a great opportunity because its right on support and big SL

4 - Great opportunity but news pending and didn't want to risk profits.Will work on confidence regarding that.SL a bit big though

GL and happy pippng

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
GM all, trust everyone had a good weekend.

Three quick trades +9.6 +5.8 +7.3 - so a good start to the day/week - trades not all to rules but worked well.

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
+21 Game begins.

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
Third Demo Testing Signal:

EU M15- Sell at 1.3828

TP1 = 15 Pips

TP2 = Lower Band Line

Note: If required, i will add more short positions according to the rule of re-entry.

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
I am still amazed on how you always enter on consolidation and predicting the correct movement.   I am no expert on price action nor do I claim to be but I need indicators to help me with such erratic price behavior during consolidation stages.  I am wondering if you are entering on supply and demand zones and can you tell me your thought process.  Even whole round numbers including PP areas I would still need some sort of confirmation.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
Morning all

My eyes are on EJ again this morning

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
20+

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
Added second Short Position at 1.3745.

Trade 1 Sell at 1.3728

Trade 2 Sell at 1.3766

Trade 3 = Sell at 1.3800

TP = 1.3728 but probably can close at 1.3750

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
Trade 1 = + 7

Trade 2 = -1.1

= +5.9

Will see if we bounce or break here and if there might be a opportunity to get long with small SL but not overly exited about getting in

Rooi
​

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
GM - knowing that the UK Mfg data was due at 8:30 gmt I took a look at cable.....two clear buy signals suggested that the data would be good - and it was .....I was in from LO as I was busy with UT from FO....gross swings shown...

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
Picking the tops and bottoms perfectly tonight.

-3 & -10

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
47+

Total for the week so far = 88 Pips

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
IF i am using those indicators which are on your screenshot, I will take 2 trades. Trade 1 is risky trade and trade 2 is very safe trade. For me to pick up the trade at top is trade 1 but again on the other side you better know that how much loss you can suffer.

Hint: Winning Pips is not important; Achieving your target is very important (For Example 4% Profit every month = 48% Every Year). Slow and Steady wins the race.

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
Check your latest PM.

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
Cheers, aahmad

Overall it was just bad trading on my side.  I just sat down at the computer when the first trade set up and I took it immediately, which then made me question the entry and as soon as it turned a little bit against me, I just got out.  If I just put the 15 pip SL and let it run, eventually, it would've run its course, but from there I just compounded the mistake with the second trade.  Patience is the holy grail of trading and I didn't respect that.

Cheers

K

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
what is your stop loss? I thought Sonic R did not advocate averaging into losing trades? I am Not being critical, just wondering what your trade plan is.

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
Morning all

My eyes are on EJ

GL

Rooi
​

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
Demo Signal Testing

I am sorry; i posted my trade plan but that post was extracted and i am not informed yet why it happened.

The trade you are talking about is in testing phase and i haven't decided about the stop loss because first i wanted to verify the validity of signals. As you have seen that my First short position was at 1.3728 and second at 1.3766 and third at 1.3800. If M15 band is not followed by price action then i switched the TF to H1 and there is no more switching in TF. PA is still at upper band and if that band was not able to control the movement of PA then i will stop testing this indicator.

I am posting the chart here. If this indicator works properly then we can decide about the stop loss together.

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
+ 17.5

Calling it a day.

Happy pipping all

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
Chop-Chop, (Ginger) Ninja style!

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
Good Job

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
LOL

Thanks Kobiet

Thats the nice thing about the volatility that normally comes with FO and LO,and if you are just looking for as close to 20pips as you can get a day there is no need to do anymore than 2 or 3 hours a day.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
Thanks mate

And the same to you

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
@ Trythis

Regarding the PM you sent me,here is the reply

The UltraStocchsitcs dont repaint.

It better if you ask you questions here on the forum

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
Short on EJ:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
Shorted EA for 12 pips.

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
Well done; I got late onto the short: -7

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
+23

Total for this week so far = 111 Pips

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
According to my supdem indicator 1. 3825 to 1.3864 area has been acted as resistance in near past ( March 24 and 25). Break of this area can bring more upside movement otherwise going down.

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
That version is working on Build 625 which you have seen in my posts. Here it is

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
My pending order is activated and got +23 pips on FOMC.

Total for week so far = 133 Pips

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Hmmmmmm......when I load that indi, it is still grayed out and will not apply to the chart.  When I try to compile it there are now 67 errors.

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
Here is the EX4 file of TMA

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
There are 3 TMA so here are settings for you.

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
I experimented with the TMA indicator over a year ago with little or no success.  In hindsight everything looks great but real time the indicator repaints.  How do you work around this?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
Yes this is true that it is repaint indicator but i am just trying to get top and bottom. I am looking for more signals and then we can modify the strategy.

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
Morning all

My eyes on EJ so far.

Important area for GU (dont pay to much attention to higher TF's for trading LO but we are at a pretty important level)

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
+13.8

Got cold feet on the second trade.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
have u I tried using TMA_true and compared them? It is supposed to be a non-re painting version I believe.

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
Morning Rooi, I nearly went for EJ as well but took GU. Think both would have given similar results earlier on.

Chart below (chart times 1 hour behind UK). First signal non-starter, price improved by about half pip and reversed so no entry.

On trade taken, good run down after initial pause. After bounce off DP and small flat period decided to take 11 for TP2 when offered, which it did and closed for 20. The following signal was such a good setup, just before London as well and the number above beckoning, I was tempted but 20 in the bank, why risk it. Anyway it turned out to be a good move.

regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
Morning Strada

Nice trading.

GU has been a bit ranging the last couple of days but had a good Asain session so I can see why you went for it.Plenty all round today.

I know your attention was on GU but when you glimps at the EJ would your entry short have been closer to to the green line (FO) and would you have been stopped out for BE on your TP2 for that first trade.

Thanks for your time

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
good job Rooi!!

I checkout last days your thread here, is a little much confuse, some pal may open a new thread for show other SYS and TF and promote some business :-)

but that they word at forums like that.

back to your SYS

it looks OK to trade the FO and LO time!

and I will show you my trades today also, my chart is GMT +2, so you can see my entry's. I use MT4 only for charting.

good luck always and hope to see you tomorrow, thanks for your work!

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Hi Punisher

Thanks for posting and showing interset.

Strada,Islander,Myself and some others trade the Genesis Matrix Stystem on the 1min with our own variations mainly during FO and LO open with some success thus far.

Thanks for posting you chart and I know you dont trade on mt4 but please show both Entry and EXIT so we can see where you closed out you positions.

Looking forward to more of your charts

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
Hi Rooi, I would have ended up doing what you did. The initial signal bar was 7.01, a minute after FO. However the SL would have been too much for me and I probably would not have entered. Fortunately price then came back to the signal area and then re-presented itself with a much better SL available, which is about the time you entered.

Gu has performed well today for a change, good signals and good moves, but I'm still not tempted!!

cheers, strada.

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
Its a bit painful to wait for that  smaller stoploss but Im getting better at it.

GU paid nicely today.Well done.Those spread betting companies must really fret ( get worried ) when you open accounts with them.

Thanks again for posting and sharing your views

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
20+

Total for this week = 153

@Punisher: Believe me, i do not need others system for my self. I think you haven't seen my entries and exits. Just chill and have a good time.

I was just trying to bring any system which even new trader (who have no experience) can trade with it profitably. I have learn a lot in FF and i feel the responsibility that i do not just trade for myself but i also bring something for new traders so that they do not have to do any analysis. I know it is impossible but nothing is impossible.

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
aahmad - don't know which HAMA or which settings you are using but the one I have is almost identical to a 20 EMA.

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
Thanks Rooi,

will checkout for find a way.

wish you and all here a good trading day!

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
Thanks aahmad29,

but like the last trade at this post above, I think for new trader and also for me, I not let a winner of more then 15 pips go back to zero if I trade at M1 TF. sorry mate but this is ridiculous and not an advise.

but anyway I not the owner of this thread. it was only my intention if I see your posting, you highjack this trade for your business ask for PM, tell some secret you have and so on but not follow the headline of this thread.

that will be my last info for this, I wish you all the best and hope you successful what ever you do.

back to business and thanks all other pal here who show her trades by the genesis matrix variations sys.

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
It is your own approach. My approach is different. Wish you success in Forex.

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
Hi Punisher

Check how Strada shows his entry and exits in the post below.He also just use mt4 for charting not execution
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...86#post7396186

Good day trading for you too

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
Morning all

No favorite yet.

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
Morning Rooi, in GU, EJ very flat and news at7, yellow but german, chart later.

7.08 Update ~ exited both TP1&2 for 12.5 = +25. Great start and now finished for the day. will put chart on later, early breakfast for me today. rgds, strada.

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
GM - long GJ in 6:02 bar......looking for 170.94 area ....OCO +25 on SL

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
+ 19.9 and done for the day.

Right after the news but I was contemplating the GU as well but missed that train and so forced myself on the EJ with a 5 pip stop.Glad it worked out this time.Not always the best to trade so close after the news

Enjoy the weekend all

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
I also done for the day and go to the beach :-)

have all a nice weekend !!

my trade:

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
well done Rooi !

and thanks for the info to improve my chart, not perfect now but will better :-)

happy weekend !

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
Out for +28 after the push up failed to get to the 94 area......nice harmony with UJ moving up from FO too....

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
No offense Punisher, but Aahmad29 has been posting this way since close to the beginning of the thread.  His results have been very good.  How is he hijacking this thread? Perhaps if you had taken the time to read the thread, and not just the last few days, you would already know this.

Ir you don't like what he posts, just skip over them.

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
Hi Punisher

Great trade!

Nice and easy today.

The chart is perfect the way it is now.Thank you.

Enjoy the beach and your weekend

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
Great to have you back captain

Nice trade

Everything move right for a change this week.

Enjoy the boating and the weekend

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
Nice trading as always

Plenty of jam today

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
Hi just want to chip in this is another excellent post from Strada, on the topic matter.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...26#post7397926

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
Good moves GU and even better on EJ, well done to those that got the EJ.

Chart below for GU trade. Price kept going at TP1 level so let it run.

regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
Hi Intrepidpips

Havent seen you in a while.

Hope all is well.

Thanks for sharing.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
Hi Rooi, I'm doing well thank you, still working on my project, almost done, thank you for keeping this thread going, M1 rocks

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
Amazing entries and exits as always.

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Again Classic entry and exits.

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
I also wanted to take 25+ pips but i couldn't. You have great confidence and patience.

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
been working on my charts for a while. It seems i am constantly working on it . But for now i decided i will stay with these and its very close too all the other charts posted here.

My rules are, wait for the Arrow, stoch 5 needs to cross the 40/60 line, stochs 5 and 15 needs to have the same color and have to come out off the OB/OS area, direction has to be confirmed by the EMA 14<>EMA 47, MACD needs to cross its 0-line, there can be a divergence (but doesn't have to be) and confirmation by the matrix m1 and ASCT trend.

Suggestions are welcome. Hopefully i can get some pips IF i ever find time to trade. Wont be next week i guess

GJ M1 chart

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
+23 more

Total for the week = 176 Pips

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
Happy Weekend to all. No more trade on friday. I will just stay away.

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
Apparently it looks divergence

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
Thanks - that is down to a lot of screen time and hard work in researching how a contract moves under differing conditions   nice pips too....

Also, I was interested to see that Strada uses a similar methodology for entering his trades - some great posts being made here and its up to those reading this thread to take advantage.....

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
Continuing excellent thread.  Well done Rooi and the other regulars.  It is not easy posting good quality and trading (successfully) at the same time.  I was late this morning, missed the excellent yen move.

Trading Sessions indicator

I think a couple of people here use vLines indicator.  Mine does not funtion correctly since the new MT4 build.  Any coders here who could squint at this.  There is a compilation error showing but it is beyond my non-existent programming skills.  Whilst my old templates with this still work bizarrely I cannot build new templates with it.

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
Hi Revoli - hope all is good with you ......the .mq4 versions do not work in the build 600 series, so try this one

Best

Islander

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
Hi All

very nice work you are all doing here, is it possible to obtain aahmad's template

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
+ 13 and now Im done.

Working on expanding the strategy past the LO move.In other words trading for more than just the FO and LO.

So starting to build on the system by looking to take more trades in future and maybe a bigger pip target.Just looking into it for now.Will have  to be specific though

Notice the blue line (its the days high and just gets dragged up as the days ranges increases.I will be looking to formulating some rules to trade the reversal signal of that blue line.Let see how it goes.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
Thanks Islander

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
If we look across more pairs then we can cherry pick the one that looks the best

EJ being the best on this current cycle according to my rules thus far

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
+9.8

EU and GU setting up at the same time while UJ going down helps give confidence in USD weakness in the very short term

EU looked a bit better for a long as GU not at its best at the moment in my opinion

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
After posting about the divergence, i couldn't stop myself to place pending order. It was just my idea that price will hit again to 1.3900 and i put 10 Pips SL (first time tight SL because i was going away to screen) and TP=1.3875

So 23+ pips more

Closed for the week = 199 Pips

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
GL. Good traders always move forward. I will wait for your strategy. If you need any help, let me know.

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Eagerly awaiting.

Have a lovely weekend.

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
So i found that i can't change my nature ( I like fast action ) and i am changing myself in terms of trading.

Old approach in New way.

Old:

Time Frame : M15

TP = 20+ PIPS

New:

Time Frame : M1 ( As per this thread)

TP = 10 or less than 10 PIPS ( but frequent results)

Lets see how it goes because i couldn't achieve 200+ pips per week in old way. I got 199 Pips but it was really hard and i am working too so not easy for me to give more screen time. I have decided that whenever i come to screen then i just grab some pips.

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
Morning all

No news till later so lets see what happens.

So far Im  looking at EJ

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
Morning Rooi, I'm in EJ, signal 6.35, entry 6.44, missed entry after signal while setting up but price came back and entered then.

Update TP1 +8.6, TP2 SL @ BE

Update Grabbed +11.5 for TP2. That's my 20 for the day, Half hour's work and finished for the day, good start to the week.

Will put chart on later.

strada.

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
Morning Strada

The very same trade for me.

Just took +2.5 and 11.2 to give me 13.7

I willl have to learn to extend my tp1 but not messing with it for the next two months.Will look into how it affects me if I keep it.

I might look for some more.

Thanks for posting

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
good morning Rooi and all !

my charting Broker 15 min before FO update my Mt4 and then crazy I had only data from today last ~20 min, so I have open 5 and 15 min charts and refresh to see the right stochastic and other indies, funny now with the automatic update.

but I can handle to make a trade after FO, see the pic.

for me that is enough for the day by this, wish you all a green day!!

cheers

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
GM - snap trading the sweet spots.....with a signal....

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
Morning Punisher

Sorry to hear about your mt4 problem.

Nice trade and understanding of the system and PA

Thanks for posting and good luck for the rest of the week

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
Morning Islander

Yip. All in the same boat today.

Thanks as always for you chart.

Many more green pips to you for this week

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
Bought half a position EJ in 7:53 bar.....and the other half in the 8:00 bar....

Edit: exited half for +12 after price stalled at the **75 level, SL to +1 on remainder

Edit: remainder closed on stop for +1

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
NB watch the 140.63 area - Friday's Low, it may still hold as support for a bounce up.....

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
and it did and I bought again.....exited half at the MS1 level and holding the remainder to see if the retail gap to above the 141 area gets filled.....

Edit: closed remainder after the green WRB at 8:41 made a lower high and I am finished for this morning.....

NB note the divergence in the TVI

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
Thanks Rooi,

GL to you and everyone, hope see you and all tomorrow morning

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
3 short positions

8+29+31 = 69

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
Morning all

Dont decided what pair yet but will be keeping a close eye on both

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
GM - long EJ in the 06:07 bar after pull back to 25 ema....really slow so far....

Edit: closed half at the MR 1 level, SL +1 on remainder.....

Edit: closed remainder on SL

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
+7.5 and looking for a tiny bit more if I can find it

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
Good Morning Rooi and all !!

I make my trade already, was a good support area and I open always EURUSD and USDJPY and see this pairs looks like want go up, so I pull the trigger.

I need per day only 4 pips so +6.2 net exclude spread and commission is a good result for my plan,

but hope sometime also have a home run :-)

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
good job Rooi !!

I wish You and all more green pips.

for me is time to see the beach.

cheers

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
Nice trading and the home run will come :-)

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
Snap

GU moving now

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
Yep - well banked

I did not have my audio alert on GU and so missed the sell at 6:27.....the only good mover so far, even UT is asleep!....hoping London will bring some action.....UK data out later....

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
Morning, earlier start today, caught GU signal at 6.30. It didn't do much and was a small loss. 2nd signal did well (and still seems to be doing well!!). Although I was sure price would go deeper below the number, if only for the stops, I decided to take what was on the table and grabbed +11 for TP2.

Looks like both EJ and GU were good for us today, hope you're all benefiting on either or both.

regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
Morning Strada

Nice trading

Was watching the EJ unfold while I was on the phone with my friend sorting out some tax stuff as our tax year closed last month.Been trying to get hold of him and you know how it works.The only time he finds to be able to help me is during FO and LO.But at least it sorted.Missed the second trade which was a nice runner on both.

Man you guys in the UK doing the Spread Betting are so lucky regarding the tax.Always a pain this time of the year as I am forced to do all my wifes stuff as well because the "numbers stuff" is what I do according to her.

Anyway,Nice trading and thanks for the chart.Did you exit out of trade 1 just before taking trade 2 ?

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
Good morning Strada, Nice trade but seems like you beat the M15 Stochs gun, but I guess you must have developed a 6th sense for when a move is brewing, My first signal hit my SL (too tight) so I targeted the Asian session low for the second signal wish I'd just tried for the BRN. (talking about GBPJPY)

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
Morning Rooi, I used the bar 2 previous to the signal bar for my exit plan and exited during the formation of the signal bar (close of previous bar +1). Entry for trade 2 was during the 7.27 bar, have attached chart which may explain better, still on charts 1hour behind, (haven't found Uk time MT4 as good as this). strada.

@ Intrepidpips Morning, 6th sense, I wish. Don't pay too much attention to 15 stoch, only time I use it is if I like a setup and 15 stoch is right but 5 stoch hasn't crossed yet then I'll use the 15 for convenience. Not really much of a believer in any HTF activity when trading 1min, all the info I need is on the 1min chart. If you ever develop that 6th sense yourself , be sure to let us know how you do it please!!?? Nice to hear from you.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
Hi again Strada

Thanks for the reply and its noted thank you.According to entry requirements for 1minGen my signal and later entry would have been nearly identical to your entry for the second trade even though it was bago.They really are very similar but I can imagine to try and trade bago.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
Hi Rooi, just to clarify, the trades were all done on G1m, I just use the old bago charts for actual pricing and levels etc, sometimes for exits. The HA candles on G1m charts are good for genesis purpose but not for actual trading, so I keep normal price charts alongside.

strada.

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Thats noted thanks Strada.I keep normal candlestick charts ups as well

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
3 shorts and 2 long

20+19+17 and 14+10

Total so far 147 Pips

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
Morning all

Big news for JPY that might make it a bit bumpy for me so my eyes are on GU

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
Good Morning Rooi and all!!

I still in the EJ trade

have SL at BE +1 will go out before News, still babysit my trade

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
GM - and agreed, still, long EJ in the 05:45 gmt bar - a pull back to the 25ema....SL already to +1 and moving up with price...

Edit: whoops, entry was in 5:44 bar, now out for +17 after price stalled when UJ hit its R 2 level and EJ its MR3....chart follows

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
out for +11, wow nice day, but can't go beach have lightning thunderstorm,  take lunch with red wine :-)

cheers

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
Morning Rooi, I did EJ earlier with the 6.31 signal (same level as the 6.21), +8 and +13, so finished for the day. Was aware of Kurudo coming up and wouldn't have held beyond that. Will put the chart on later.

regards strada.

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
Looks like I should not have abandon the old faithful EJ this morning

Stuck on GU now so lets see.

Well done and thanks for the charts guys

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
here it is....and now to see what UT does....

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
+ 8.4 and happy with that.

Calling it day.

Have 1 more day of trading left tomorrow then I will only be trading again next Tuesday.Have to spend some time with the in-laws.

GL for the rest of the day.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
Chart for trade. Sitting on daily target just before FO and possibility price might return to R2 and Kurudo 15mins later so no point aiming higher.

regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Yeeks - you must be up before sparrows fart to get such early entries

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
Good job all of you (Rooi, strada, Islander, punisher).

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
morning Islander, just habit, up at 6, kettle on etc and normally get into my seat before 6.30. Wasn't fully set up when I took that trade this morning but chart and signal compelling enough. No sparrows today, just our two 'resident' thrushes and robin and of course those damned noisy seagulls, familiar sound to you I would guess!

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
+34 More

Total Pips for this week so far = 181

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
aahmad - what settings do you have for the supdem - are you using a forced time frame?

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
Here it is.

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
Thanks aahmad - reason I asked it that even with settings you confirmed it looks different on my chart. Anyway that happens sometimes because of different brokers and different feeds.

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
Morning all

Lets see

Rooi

EDIT : Im short GU ( half off already )

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
Good Morning Rooi and all !!

yes let check what going on and take some green pips, this I wish you all

cheers

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
+5.1

Done for the day.

Doesnt seem like much but reached an important level in my equity growth target for the year with those pips and want to finish the trading week off on a positive note before the long weekend starts for me as here in South-Africa we have Friday and Monday as bank holidays and Im taking those days off regarding trading .

Also have some other stuffs that require my attention

GL for the session and enjoy the weekend

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
Good Job !!

and I wish you a nice long Weekend !!

hope see you next week after the LWE, take care.

cheers

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
Morning Rooi,

Just checking in to say hello, nice charts Rooi seems its going well for you.

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
Thanks Punisher

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
Hi Anthm

Thanks for the kind words.

Its been going okay thanks.

How things with you? Have you been finding time for trading?

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
GM - a good habit, except over holidays when one tends to still wake at SF.....I've just seen our resident pair of collared doves and blackbirds on "Da Bird Shack" out of reach of our siamese cat.....we also get regular visits from a hoopoe....the odd seagull passes, but we are about 1 km from the coast on the hillside

Guess you noticed that overnight breakout in cable in a 25 pip 5m bar.......I'm looking for a retest of the 6820 area for a potential buy perhaps for a run to the next S&R area 200 pips higher at its 2009 high.....TWT

Cheers, Islander

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
have a good one

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
Not a lot of time and will remain that way till after June I suspect, I just getting my charts and what not in order to be ready to get back in to it....

Will be looking for some guidance

Cheers

anthm

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
I bought GU in the 7:41 bar, but is sooooo slow that I'm thinking that London has already started its Easter break.....loads of tiny candles...

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
Morning Islander, very nice, you're very fortunate to have such colourful visitors. We're a bit too far north for such exotics.

Was in the same trade as Rooi this morning and had a loss on it (2.5 pips). Had to stop then due to head being in the wrong place after some events yesterday. So a losing day for me today Rooi, it happens, but first one this year since trading G1m. Quite inconsequential though.

Have a good Easter break, strada.

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
you right, I look at the EJ but not see some improvement of price at euro and Yen.

so I will check later at the red news and the NY come in, may there is some move and then will also make a longer weekend.

cheers

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
Hi Strada

Yip 2.5 is nothing.Will be plenty again after the weekend

Hope all is well

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
squeezed 8 pips after GU finally had a little spike up.....and sellers immediatly came in....

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
Apparently my week is closed with 181 Pips. Again i couldn't achieve the target of 200 Pips.

I have one trade open and i will keep it open at the weekend and will close if market has good movement on Monday or Tuesday

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
My open trade hit TP at 00 level.+51 pips. I will post chart later.

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
Here it is. Patience paid off.

TP=SL=50 Pips

Another position is open. Lets see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
Morning all

No news till a bit later.

No favoring either pair in particular.Lets see

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
good morning Rooi and all !!

I had a good feeling, see the euro and the yen can go down more , so I stay at my favorite for the last time and the future !

was a nice broken support and then retest the support now resistance, classic entry for me.

EURJPY only have to work for my exit , but is OK in the moment I scare to let it run for a home run :-)

cheers

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
+2 after 3 trades

A bit to patient with the second exit on the first trades,was up 7.6

Will see if there is anymore for LO

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
well done

I was to greedy for  a home run on the first trade.

Nice EJ trade

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
thanks Rooi, you also done well.

I wish you and all more green. for me enough and hope see you all tomorrow again.

cheers

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
See you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
+6 and done

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
Morning all

Favoring GU for now due to the news on EJ

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
morning Rooi and all!!

puh, I miss that run at EJ

I was not full concentrate and miss it, bad .

but must see positive I not make a loss :-)

may later will wait the news and check

cheers

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
I missed it as well but caught 7 pips on GU.Will see for some more maybe

Good luck for later

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
nice !

thanks and more Green for you and all too! let's take $ from the banks !

cheers

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
nice setup, but because of the news little minute later I don't take it, today not my day :-)

tomorrow have a holiday, wish you all Good Luck and hope see you Friday then.

cheers

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
Not an easy day with all this news.

Will get some more pips when you get back.

Enjoy your holiday

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
50+

Total for this week so far = 101 Pips

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
You also use small support and resistance very well. Wise trading as usual.

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
Thanks,Yes I try to get in the trade with a small SL using the smaller Support and resistance.

Like look at the three trades I took with tiny SL. Some nice volatility today

Nice trading for you as well sir.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
Yes, of-course your experience is more than me because i do not have courage to use small SL. As you have seen that i am using TP=SL=50 Pips

Keep catching Nice Pips

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
Small SL can cause a lot of pain on a low range day where bigger SL keeps you in one trade rather than many small ones

My pips are just over 50pips for today in 4 trades,You made 50 in one trade,less work taking one trade

Many more pips to you too.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
Thanks. Due to my work, i prefer to have trade where i do not have to follow frequently.

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
wow nice work Rooi, I lazy and take some time at the beach :-)

cheers

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
Morning all

No news till a bit later so not favoring any pair at the moment

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
Technically it is Morning in Toronto so Good Morning

Green Pips for all.

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
Hi Rooi

The difference is that you can't eat or buy a car with pips.

What is the worth of every pip, how much has your account grown today. If you have a small risk/SL then for the same % risk every pip is worth a lot more than when you have a large SL. With a 10 pip SL your pips could be worth 5 times as much as Aahmads pips.

I will take your 50 pips every day, well done

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
On EJ this morning but chop full of choppiness. Not fun

Thanks for the kind words JSF

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
Rooi, I am fully agree with jsf.

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
GM - nasty tight ranges everywhere - except perhaps in the Antipodeans when I'm asleep......I'm up about 15 pips so far and looking for some action around the data at 8am......

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
I am waiting for these reports.

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
- 8 and finished for the day.

Last two trades were on half my normal positions because I reduce risk when markets starts to behave like this.

Cant win them all I suppose.Will be back tomorrow

Well done Islander.GU did a lot better.Glad to have you around again.

GL for the rest of the session

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
As am I, but also watching in case there is a repeat of yesterday's classic pre release moves as the Big Dogs positioned themselves for the data releases which came out at 7am and 7:30 am on this chart.......

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
and they did, via a more subtle move than yesterday......today, an early sell to pick up cheaper buys off the 3812 area S&R - I closed my last longs in the news bar as better than forecast German data gave an 11 pip spike up right into my next S&R zone. Next up at 9am is Signore Draghi's speach....

Edit: chart now attached....

PS Half an hour ago UJ started to move up, so I bought EJ too....

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
Made a couple of pips as well...

+10 on EJ
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

-10 on GJ
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

+10 on GA
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and finally +21 out of 2 (1 BE +1, 1 +20) trades on Gold
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
Nice trading and nice charts

Do you mind sharing the indicator that changes the color of the candles please

Hope your good run continues

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
np Rooi

here you go

Attached File(s)   rsi chart bars.ex4

3 KB
|
233 downloads

Attached File(s)   rsi chart bars.mq4

3 KB
|
286 downloads

I use these settings
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
Draghi couldn't move the market. PA is still there where it was 3 hours ago.

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
Another 12 pips

GJ short
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

entered 3 bars to early, regarding the signals of my indicators... But I saw the price struggeling creatig a higher high so I entered short.

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
+47

Total for this week so far = 148 Pips (again patience paid off)

One position is still open and i hope again my patience will bring good results

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
Morning all

Lets see whats on the books for today

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
Good Morning Rooi  and all !!

ok we will, last day in the week.

cheers

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
- 14 Last 3 trades single positions

Far from my best trading and not the ideal market but as a trader I need to identify market conditions better.Ranging markets are the last piece of my puzzel

Still positive for the week but painful nonetheless

Will be spending my weekend at the charts.This is what I get for taking last weekend off

Hope you guys have a good weekend.I might dable with one more single position trade a bit later to see if I can get a couple back.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
Hmm, not good today, try 3 trades but -2.6 and +2.7 and +5.1 make +5.2

hard work, enough for this week :-)

cheers

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
sorry to see that, and wish You good luck for the fight later :-)

have also a good Weekend Rooi and all!!

hope see you all next week.

cheers

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Hi punisher

Great trading.Trading much better in the range.I just need a couple more range days like today get it into my head properly.I want to be in a position to quickly.

I must work to improve it.

Oh well.Nobody was born a great trader.Takes a lot of work

Once again,nicely done with you trades today.Very good experience from your side

Thanks for posting your chart

BTW , I sent you a pm.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
Thanks,

Good weekend for you too

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
thanks Rooi

cheers

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
seems like market was waiting for you to get in so it could turn the other side, i know that feeling

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
I have two open positions and one is near to TP and i am not going to close it early. I will keep positions open at weekend.

Probably 148 Pips for this week.

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
Very well done.

So 3 winning positions of about 50 pips each for this week?

Any break even trade or losers for the week?

Do you always just trade one TP?

You have been doing very well

Will you start to compound or are you still waiting and happy with your results?

Have a good weekend

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
LOL

Jip we have all been there.

Its really just my own poor judgement and making such mistakes undoes weeks of consistency and messes with ones mind.

Going to spend some serious time with these ranges over the weekend and compile a check list for myself

Islander,Strada and The Punisher all do well irrespective of the ranges and so it is far from impossible to identify it correctly.

Hows your trading been or have you been a bit busy of late ?

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
Yes i had two trades at breakeven and each 0. There is no loss in this week. Last week i had one loss but i recovered it by counter trade but counter trade is always very risky. I have some other plans and if i post here then some traders will take wrong meaning. I am already managing two accounts and i am going to post one live account in Trading Journal to have my results very soon.

Yes compounding is very useful and i am planning to use it but so far i withdraw some money so couldn't accumulate for compounding.

I am very happy with my results because consistency in winning the trades gave me confidence so i am proceeding.

I do not always have TP but if i am going away from computer then i set TP and BE. My recent trade was near to TP and it was just away for 3 Pips but i did not close because in past i didn't have patience and i was not fully following my trading plan but now if my positive trade go BE then i am not down because i am following my trading plan.

One of my trade is at +40 Pips because my TP is 1.3849 which is last high swing in EU-H1.

Have a good weekend to all and see you all on Monday.

Wish you all green pips.

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
Glad you are withdrawing some of the cash as that is whats its for

Looking forward to your journal and trade explorer.

Consistency is everything in trading.Very good to see you hitting your stride and making the most of it.

See you on Monday

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
There is one thing that i am not going to attach it to trade explorer due to some reasons. But i will post the Equity, account balance and trades on the chart.

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
1.3800 level has provided a great support for last few days and helped me to get pips.

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
EU

I am still holding long position over the weekend

BE=1.3801, TP=1.3849

I think my trade will be close at BE

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
Did you miss you TP with 1 pip on Fridays trading?

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
GM - I was late getting in on this nice move from FO, but still banked good pips......I hope others got some too.....

PS apologies, this chart has my old Three Dragons template...

PSS I did not trade GJ as UJ had run up to an S&R area and stalled...

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
Morning all.

Missed the up move on both and down  -8 pips at the moment.

Waiting fro the next move if we get one.

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
I think your mistake is you only ever take the easy trades.  You should be more like me and look for the more challenging set ups such as my lovely Euro short this morning at 7:18 GMT.  That way you will never be looking at any of the pairs that produce those nice big runs because your attention is sharply focussed on nice slower moving (non) opportunities.

Nicely done.  I got away with a small loss.

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
LOL - I think that's a good mistake to make

Sorry, but I do NOT see a sell at 7:18 GMT.......OK, price hit Friday's high, with -ve divergence in TVI.....BUT there was no increased volume, nor was price extended from the 25 ema - I have put on a grey + 20 pip band to help show potential over-extended prices.

At 7:27 that WRB in a green marubozo with ultra high volume was to me an alert that the move was by then very extended and about to stall......it was also at the March 24 high, so it MIGHT now develope into a sell......TWT

PS  either way, its good to see some volatility coming into EU and GU....

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
I meant 6:18 GMT.  Blame the cold weather here, feels like winter.

Had I looked at the swissy a bit closer I probably could have avoided this entry.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
Ah - yes, I can see why you took that short......I hope it didn't cost too much

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
Islander, one simple question

How do you know ehen you have to enter in such a FO/LO breakout move. It is always fascination seeing you trading!

Is it your gut Feeling which is telling you "enter now" or is it based on some indications?

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
- 1.6 at the end of it all

Getting there slowly.Clearly missed the meat of the day.Getting the arsehole side of the move again.

Well done to all that made some.In time I will always be fortunate enough to cash in every time as well.(I hope) Patience Patience Patience

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
Hey Rooi

I am not quite sure what to make of your signature "Learning to stand on the shoulders of GAINTS".

I googled it. Perhaps you could explain?

http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=gaints

That last trade was only 5 pips -ve so more the annoyance of missing the run than  anything else.

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
Hi revoli

I was thinking more along the lines of this :

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standin...ders_of_giants

All the best

Rooi

PS - Do you live in the UK , if so then it is written on the side of the 2 pound coin

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
Pretty sure the £2 coin talks about giants but I could be wrong...

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
[quote=Jeffray;7431605]{quote} Islander, one simple question  How do you know ehen you have to enter in such a FO/LO breakout move. It is always fascination seeing you trading!  Is it your gut Feeling which is telling you "enter now" or is it based on some indications?[/quote

If you read my posts over the past say three months you will see where I have shown charts with several additional indicators that help any trader to see potential entries - the ASCTrend with alarm and the Bands indicator are two that should help. Once price is in a BB pinch and an alert arrow shows up then look carefully at the chart......again, I have explained several times what I use to actually trigger my entry.

We know that the European Session starts to get active around FO, so by then I have already been looking at my charts for 15 / 20 minutes, analysing the overnight action, updating any S&R levels, short term TLs, HLs or LHs etc, looking for any clues as to what might happen and which charts are showing the most potential - again, I have pages of hand written data showing timing, potential swings etc during this period so this helps - its basic research and hard work, building up your own knowledge base - then trading becomes just a bit easier!

Good luck

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
Hello Rooi and all !!

I'm a little late today come back from my weekend.

will  first checkout the situation and may start tomorrow at FO and skip today if not see a textbook entry :-)

because my month end already very good, so no want risk to much.

all wish a green day

cheers

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
Hi Punisher

Thanks for stopping by

Hope you had a good weekend.All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
+6

Might look for one more short if I can. Just need to get back into rhythm  and execute my trades properly.At least my system is protecting me against myself a bit.Been pissing away profits for the last three trading days.Back in the blue for today and awaiting the rest of the week with optimism

Not pushing to hard for today though.Will see

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
thanks,

is a pleasure for me to look at your thread ! you and many other guys here really help to understand scalping at M1 by a good sys !!

sorry for u to miss the big move, but I also miss it :-))

cheers

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
like that posting, thanks Islander

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
Here we go.

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
LOL

Will be many more big moves for us to get

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
Patience is paid off. +44 Pips

Good start of week.

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
Yes Rooi, on my broker side; i have missed TP by 2 pips but now my trade closed with +44 pips.

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
I have one long position at 1.3851. SL = BE, TP=1.3899

Please do not follow my trades.

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
Trade closed at BE.

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
+6.1 and stopped out on the rest

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
USD - Pending Home Sales Report closed my trade at BE

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
+ 9 and done for today.

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
Well done.

Same method like you; i have used for trading but i couldn't used in such good way.

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
Mr aahmad29 ,how much the News affect Your trading style ?

Thanks for answer

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Yes off course, news have affect on trading style but still i take risk.

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
GM Rooi and all!!

will still stay at my favorite EJ but not fight for any entry because my month is already very good.

have all a green day

cheers

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
Morning all

Lets see what is a foot this morning

Bagged some on the upside on the EJ but closed out everything already for +8.2.Chart  a bit later.Looking for some more if there is a decent entry

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
Morning Punisher

Im trading EJ as well

Will see what LO brings

Good Luck

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
make my pips at a nice textbook entry for  me, look at the charts

cheers

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
Shame, up to the next one, thought i had a late entry and stopped out

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
Same entry as Punisher.

Might be all for me for today.Unless we get a a really nice sell on EJ with small SL

+8.2

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
GM - this morning I focused on cable as yesterday it made a new 4 yr high at 1.6857, breaking above the 6835 - 40 area of the recent highs.....so far I have taken partials at MR 1 and waiting to see if it will make another new high....will the data help.....TWT

PS GJ had a better spike up after LO when UJ finally decided to wake up!

Edit - some other great trades posted - good trading in slow conditions..discipline and patience to follow your rules...

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
nice Rooi !

I miss the next move , because I no want risk more today.

I go outside and wish all a good day, hope see you all tomorrow

cheers

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
Thanks and enjoy the beaches

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
closed BE, was in too early, should have waited for that retest but the resilt would have been the same, to my job now, bye

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
Hi HuskyBoy

Still a nice setup.That will always be a good edge that you have there.

GL and all the best

Groete

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
Dank u Rooi

If i look at GJ now, i really missed some pips today

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
Cable in tough area at the moment for me to trade on the short term side. Personally Im playing the short side on the medium to long term side but  big money moving the price in the area

Thanks as always for posting your trades and views

Really appreciated

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
I try to trade and not post as I find I miss too much otherwise but it does mean I must spend more time analysing my trades later and do not participate in discussions as much as I would like.

There were some fantastic setups on GU and GJ this morning.  I had an early EU trade that I got bored of and quit for a negative 2 pips.  GU was always on the cards as its just attempting to break a long term resistance point BUT the daily close keeps dropping back so its going to be volatile.  All I can do is trade what the charts tell me (or try).

I chickened out of an early Frankie's Hour GJ expecting a retrace for LO.  GU trade was on before LO although I was slow again - my excuse was I wanted a cup of tea. I then added GJ when it was clear UJ was moving in the right direction and the swissy continued to look weak - .  Exited all when momentum died to end 33 pips ish up.  I have been watching the activity over the news period but whilst entries were there the distance to safe stops was too great.  In these choppy times I find it hard to maintain a position once momentum slows, often to my cost but a degree of caution and profit taking never killed an account.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I plan to be back for NYO and possibly the later news as well but I have learnt that I firmly believe you should not trade when you do not feel up to it.  It is amazing how much your mental and physical attitude affects your trading results.

I like to score my entries and exits to see what I got compared to what I should have achieved if I had followed my rules in a timely manner.  I achieved about 50 to 60% of what I should have got, the missing chunks being down to late entries.  I had turned off my Genesis alerts by mistake - rectified that.  Nipping off for tea break just before LO needs to be sorted.  I am looking to install a phone in my trading room to connect to kitchen - possibly a high risk strategy.

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
Hi Punisher

Do you mind sharing your views on how you use the  Stochastics?

What do you find the most important.

The Stoch or the Matrix or just the price level you are trading?

thanks for your time

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
In these choppy times I find it hard to maintain a position once momentum slows, often to my cost

I often close say half and let the remainder run........

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
My active short position @1.3849

SL=BE

TP=1.3801

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
Hi aahmad

I opened a thread for long time frame trading using your method (or something like it ) http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=7435240

Your trades made me think about how I use to trade

Lets please keep this thread for 1 min trading and the other of longer time frame if thats okay with you ( if not then you can post your charts here)

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
No problem. Actually i do my final analysis via M1 but i have TP=40+ then sometimes trade take too long and it does not fit on M1 chart. If i want to post it then i have to convert chart to H1 so that trade get fit on one screenshot.

I will post trades on the other thread. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
All up to you.

I dont mind

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
Many traders like punisher will be happy so i want all participants of this thread to be happy. I am joining you on other thread.

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
third trade today, three times stopped out at BE . New changes tomorrow

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
Hi Rooi,

first I look for the price level mean R & S and that at the major pairs and for the EJ pair. I have open M1 and Higher TF from EURUSD and USDJPY then this two pair move the EJ.

So if the major have good PA and the EJ show that also for me already 70% it is a go and I will take small profit because I trade by bigger lots so don't need much pip per day and I have small SL.

If the Matrix agree I have more confidence and the Stoch give me full trust in a Trade, but I believe in the Support and Resistance trades already.

it is also a ? of the feeling if I see the charts, because of many screen time hours, some days I see good S $ R other days don't have that then I check the Matrix. If I see a good entry point from the Matrix then I take it because I know this sys bring $ and the FO and LO is really good time to make $ with that sys.

thanks for that thread Rooi and all the good Supporter here, it help me to make more successful trades and more like the EJ pair then before!

cheers

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
thanks aahmad29

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
Morning all

Looking to trade GU today as too much news on EJ

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
Morning Punisher

Thanks for the info.

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
good morning Rooi and all !!

wish all a green day

cheers

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
GM - took partials as EJ stalled at that earlier high....

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
break the resistance than back to now support, trading is a child play :-)

I make my +5.7 pips easy no want risk more and pull the trigger after 3 min in the market.

quick in quick out, I like that style.

hope see you all tomorrow

cheers

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
GM, 3 longs GJ

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
banked remainder at the **50 level - I was looking for yesterday's low 7 pips higher, but € fell and UJ ran out momentum....

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
Morning Islander

Nice trade

So you were not to worried about the press conference ?

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
Nice Trading

See you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
Wel gedaan (well done)

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
Thanks....I trailed a tight SL and banked half before that news came out.....

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
I see. I must work on the confidence with news.

EJ this morning was much better that GU.

Main reason for not trading EJ was all the news on the 2 majors of the EJ cross.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
Hi Islander,

Can you show me the way to load the mt4 indicators in the new MT4 platform? Where did you go to download the old mt4 platform? As far as I know most brokers doesn't support the old mt4 platform anymore and the new mt4 platform gives me alot of errors when I try to load up the old mt4 indicators.

Thanks! I have PM you and can you PM me the steps if you don't want to spam here

TK

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
- 3 after 3 trades
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Nice 2 hours ranges of 10 pips

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Happier with myself in handling the range formation.Really is vitally important to manage it correctly as the trending markets take care of themselves

Look at the chart for last weeks range.Was not very methodical then BUT actively working to improve on that
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
dank u Rooi, its better than yesterday and the days before. Been struggling with that Stoch Color Line, i cant trade that (sorry Islander, i always admire your trading style  and more, you want to teach , but that line didnt work for me), i need a cross so i putted the old stochs back in my charts and since than i am inproving again. I didn't trust my charts so then you can forget trading, its all about trust, confidence ...

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
I went with EJ because of the activity! - cable was looking flat, holding above its important 6800 level and you may have noticed that quite often it is either fibre or cable that move, not so often both at the same time......I was also trading UT, but that's a whole different ball-game!

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
SL at BE and you win

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
PM sent, but if you have problems, then ask here as there are plenty of traders who are better at this MT4 stuff than I am!......and as long as you contribute to the thread, Rooi will be happy

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
LOL - no problem.....its what YOU find best, we all SEE the charts differently, so go with whatever brings you green pips

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
I looked at it many times and for me its better to only close trade if opposite signal presents itself.Otherwise Im looking to re-enter the whole time as my 1st TP is small

This might change in future

Thanks for the suggestion

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
Hi TKFOO84

Here is a nice video to make it easy

If the indicators are not compatible with the new build that is a different story but here is how you can make sure the indicators are in the right place

Inserted Video

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
True

Sods law states that : "If you want to know which pair will move for the day then just ask Rooi to trade the other."

Still gaining the experience and learning a lot from veterans like yourself,Strada and Punisher. a

Have a good day

Rooi

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
out at BE is a good trade. Dont overtrade !

Too my job now, tomorrow and Friday are holidays in Belgium, so i am not sure off trading. See you guys

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
or or use a good currency strength meter

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
Hi Rooi and all !!

today the 1 of MAY, I will do also a holiday day, same most of Europe banks and the Chinese, , because I work hard :-)

have all a good day, hope see you all tomorrow for the NFP day!!

cheers

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
See you tomorrow Mr Punisher

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
Morning all

Most of Europe closed but London and the US still open

Lets see what happens

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
+ 10 and happy with that.

Morning Strada ( Nice to see you around )

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
Morning Rooi, shouldn't make that much difference from now with Europe being closed, London now active.

Two Genesis trades on EJ, first got to +6 (6.36 signal), and closed at BE and second gave me an easy ride got to +11 without drawing breath so closed both TP's and finished. Suspected price would go further and test the number but my daily target was there for the taking!

Have a good day, strada.

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
Nice and easy this morning

I have been doing some serious back testing with bago comared to Gen and trying to work on your thought proccess

Below are the two charts for today

The Bago MA's mirror the MAtrix and the 25 ema mirrors the RSI.

So have you together with Gen1min been using the RSI as and entry checklist OR at least been very aware of it.

So once the RSI gives the final signal then we just wait for the improvement

But

It looks like you have been a lot more selective of your entries with Gen compared to Bago.Does that mean Gen is that tiny little bit better with helping to avoid the ranging?

Does your Gen and Bago line up for you on every single trade?

( Green MA is the 25 EMA and it follows the RSI closely which is of good use to me as I had the problem working with the RSI on Bago)

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
Im working on increasing my confidence with the first TP fixed at 6 and the second set to BE.Just need to learn to fight the Chop a bit better.

Thanks for your trading info

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
Hi Rooi, yes very often bago will produce signals at the same time as G1m, but what I found (and one of the reasons I switched to G1m) was that G1m often didn't signal trades that bago did and kept me out of many losing bago trades.

The 2 methods are similar in that they are set up to signal turns in the market so they will often mirror each other.

Re the RSI, I don't pay particular attention to it but as you know I keep bago charts alongside G1m, mainly for pricing entries/exits but also for levels and so on. I do use bago sometimes for exits when convenient, but not much else.

I'm not selective with G1m, have my rules and if signal fits then I go with it. As you say G1m definitely is better than bago during ranging.

Bago and G1m don't always line up simultaneously but they'll normally signal within a couple of bars of each other.

25MA or RSI, they're both serving much the same function, giving us confirmation, so whatever we're most comfortable we'll tend to go with. One point I'll make on "confirmation". I often see people going to extreme lengths looking for all sorts of confirmation for an entry and a line has to be drawn here because the more confirmation people want the more profitable trades they're going to miss out on. They may miss some losing trades but I'll bet they spend a lot of time sitting on their hands totally frustrated wishing they'd made the entry instead of looking for more "confirmation". If we do our homework and verify that a method is profitable then we trade it, we use the valid signals unless there is a very obvious reason not to (red news imminent etc), no ifs or buts. Then we manage our trade within our rules.

Hence ~ I'd rather be in a signaled losing trade than be out of a signaled winning trade.

Hope some of this is of some help, cheers strada.

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
Helps a great deal thanks.

I agree with the confirmation part

So what is happening at the moment is a great example of a scenario that often plays out after a nice move.We form this range.(Look at the chart below)

Would you have had any signals on EJ in this range if you had a higher daily target like in the past?

With bago you would have had clear long and short entries but with Gen.Where would you be sitting now with this current range on EJ?Would you have been short after the move or long back into the high or short again from the rejection of the high?

Really helpful stuff and thanks for all your time

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
Do you use just the recross of the MA's for exits? Both positive and negative?

Those rules something along the lines of

Once there is a Matrix color change then wait for a 1pip improvement unless its a very big breakout and then it might be better to sit tight and wait for the RSI confirmation

But

If we become range bound like we are now then your entries seem to be a lot more aggressive to get better entries and if there was a reversal then it was a uch smaller loss or easier to get to the 6pip target (As I looked through Bago of way back I often notecied that when stuck in a range you were able to keep you losses to between - 3 and -5 which is a really excellent,were you just a lot more aggressive on entries ? )

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
By keeping it between -9 ( -3 x 3 ) and - 15 ( -5 x 3 ) you were able to undo a losing either by just 1 trade going to TP 1 but definately undid it by getting a TP2, then TP 3 was clean profit.I know its simple R;R calculation but makes a big difference on the physiology if you can keep the losses below - 5 which is very very hard

Would you say it works exactly the same in current market conditions,by that I mean would you be able to do it today?

Sorry for all the questions

Have been doing some pondering while you were away

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
Hi Rooi, in this situation I wouldn't be happy about going short as there wasn't a proper break of the number. Price is clearly looking for that break, I don't know if it's for stop-hunting or a decent move above it. But until it happens I'd be reluctant to consider shorting in the present range. Going Long?? That's just as difficult, how many attempts at the number before it succeeds in breaching it. But my preference would be long and then watching to see if it's sustained or not.

In this area of congestion I sometimes use the bollies, check post 3742 here  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=7603&page=188

Cheers,strada.

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
I will have a look at that post again.Have gone over it many time but like you say congestion is easier spostted when it is already formed and not much we can do about it.It very much down to opinion as whatever rigid rule we apply we sacrifice something for it

In the old days I gather you just went for it a lot of times.Just minimzing losses

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...79#post2194879
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...82#post2194882

Would we still able to do this using 1 minGen with a exit strategy of Bago's recross

Very impressive trading

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
When price is rangebound like now, and you're presented with a signal, for instance the 8am bar on EJ I would have started off with a SL below the 7.53 bar (big SL for me!!).

This is the London open so there may well be enough momentum to push this through, then we'll see if it's london stop hunting or pushing higher.

I would have waited for 1pip improvement before entry.

Seeing the failure to break the number I'd be looking for an improved SL or perhaps an exit, cause if London open can't push this through then it's likely a non-event. The 8.06 low would have given me a bettter SL (with a 1 pip buffer).

It was touched on the 8.14 bar then another attempt at the number.

Another failed attempt, I'd be looking to reduce my exposure or a full exit possibly at BE.

8.26 bar a total disintegration of previous signal and presentation of new short signal. If still in trade would definitely be out now with small loss.

The bars between 8.26 and 8.39 formed a nice ledge so was price gearing up for another go at the number or the other way in line with the latest signal. Given the failure to break so many times I would now be considering short again and may have entered on the break below that ledge. Can't be sure on that, easy to see in hindsight.

Main thing here is that 1min charts provide alot of good information so our losses need never be too high.

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
I see and agree.

Very important think about what is happening and debate and contemplate the situation properly and building the experience that is needed to see what is happening and act in ones own best interest

As always thanks for your great insights

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
I have been trying to do the same  by have a slightly bigger SL and trying to "manage" the situation as it progresses.

Really the only thing we can do. I must just learn to do it better

Thanks again

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
Thanks for the reminder Rooi, I used to really enjoy the nip n'tuck style, couldn't do it now, don't have the same attention span for it.

But good example of how full-on trading the 1min is, and the level of concentration required. And essential is that set of trading rules and belief in the method which allows those instant decisions to be made. G1m is the same I guess.

So no reason for such concentrated effort not to work. Main issue may be fear of loss, we know they come but we must be able to step over them (sometimes several times) and move onwards. Bago always (almost) brought me right again regardless of the previous losses. likely that G1m will also do so and G1m does seem to have less losses anyway.

Best way to try it is dedicate yourself a couple of days on demo and "go for it".

strada.

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
I am working on it at the moment,therefore all the questions.Thanks for the patience and answering all the Q's

I tend to overtrade a bit when I do it.Have had some really nice day but the losses become painful when I try and apply it live.Per this example below.Poor execution and bad judgement brings frustration BUT its just practice practice practice . Its still a long road between finding the balance and builing the believe as the day progresses

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...5&d=1398845365

Here is how my morning is looking so far.Some nice "thinking" Although the second push down was very tempting and would have made money with a slightly bigger SL above the rejected high.

Like you said - Sound reasoning and faith in the outcome - Just like I didnt close the long on the reversal signal and it worked for now.Just have to start sticking to my TP's better (might go back to 3 tp with tp1 at 4-6 and tp2 at 6-9 and TP3 on best exit)

The more I understand into the mind set and way of thinking the easier it will become

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
Strada - I remember looking at your charts on the Bago thread ages ago. If I remember you used the original basic formula but on smaller time frames than the original H1. Am I correct in this.

That thread died some time back now - not sure why.

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
GM

Yesterday had me waiting until 16:00 BST to finally get to target.  The theory was the GU had stayed flat (ish) all day so would wake up at some point, news time being most likely.  The immediate news aftermath was too risky but opportunity for a "safe" entry came along eventually.  I do not sit there all day but try to aim at high probability times.  Islander is the master of this with hs morning trades and I commend anyone to read his and medici's thread about trading FO and LO.  I also use his three dragons, yesterdays move showing bounces off these MA's and also pivots and resistance levels identified.  The close for me was after a rapid acceleration - a classic trend ending sign.  A longer day than wanted.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Today I took a couple of pips during Frankies hour but failed to close at an obvious stalling point at resistance level.  There was enough pre news action to persuade me a long was in order.  Increased volume, three aligned stochs, as well as three dragons. I was slow closing this but did get 16 pips. The fact GU has not gone steaming up with follow through after the thrust suggests a pullback before any further upward move.  Wait till NYO and then US unemployment data at 13:30BST.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For me the key is watching price action around both Support and Resistance levels and the MA's.  Stochastics and Genesis must agree.  My entries and exits need to be more accurate to capture more of the moves.  I wait for a strong bar with higher volume to confirm what I think is happening.  Seems to avoid fake outs.

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
Lost faith in the trade for no good reason.

Trying to play inside the range till it breaks

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
Morning Rooi, in EJ

Update 7.04 TP1 8.5

Update 7.08 TP2 +9 don't know if this is going further, no point in risking what's on the table. not far off daily target.

Will put chart on shortly, not likely to do anymore today.

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
My ForexFactory playing up this morning

In the same way as you TP 1 = 6pips

Well done and looking forward to the chart

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
TP1 = 5.1 ( only got a 5.1 on the fill - Close enough to 6pips )

TP2 = 6.1

= 11.2

5pips SL so just very slightly over 1:1 R:R

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
Nicely done.

Thanks again for charts and sharing your trades with us and me

Hope you have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
Thanks for the chart Strada

You do maximize your profits with good early  entries and well timed exits (Lots of experience   )

Would you currently be in a position or flat ?

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
Hi Rooi, the entry was an easy one to take even though the signal looked very insignificant. But given the time ~ half hour before FO; number just above that wasn't conquered yesterday plus R1 just above too; SL only 4/5. But mainly because of the time, which is why I like to start then, there will often be an awakening in PA before FO. Bear in mind FX isn't confined to the bourse opening times, lot of positioning going on before "markets" open. Plus I much prefer being in a trade when the markets do open so if there is a kick I'll be in it. Of course it can go the other way, we just have to be ready for that and have our exit plan worked out.

The exits. well, bouncing around the number and not far off my target, it's the "bird in the hand.........."

And yes, I'm done for the day too close to target to risk any of it, not been a bad week, short of target on that but won't be losing any sleep.

It was nice to see your TP1 for 6, better than 2/3, yes?

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
GM Strada - another great post that MUST be noted by all who aspire to trade the 1 min charts around FO / LO and added to yesterdays posts

A big holiday here yesterday and a puente today, so I am focused nautical matters, but I have banked a few off UT as part of my ongoing research.

Regards, Islander

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
Much better thanks,makes it easier to get back from being in the minus.

I like what you said about the pre-FO and getting ready for the initial move with a relative small SL

Like you said bird in hand but Im still looking for entries and working on expanding past the FO and LO by no more than about 2hour.

Will give me just about 4 hours worth of trading for the day which on the 1 min is a huge number of swings.

I know the market isnt linear but I would really like to be able to take about 30 pips a day as a target,right now it averages out to about 20 pips a day over the month,could improve on that. Continuing past the open can have its positive and negatives but continuing to work on it

Market suck in the same type of ranges as yesterday although a bit smaller.Lets see where it goes from here.Ranges will always be area to be aware off.

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
+ 1 and done for today.

Have a good weekend all

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
Hi Rooi and all !!

I will trade only evening the NFP.

I see all trade well, is nice to see that, well done all!!

have all a nice weekend, hope see you all on Monday

cheers

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
Thanks and the same to you too  Punsiher

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
2 shorts today, first out SL -6.9, wasn't a valid entry and at that time should be sitting on my hands , second entry out SL 1.8, valid signal but my SL got me out (entered 11.09; bearish div, Arrow, bear stoch 5/15, LH) Wasn't at my desk to babysit that trade

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
have a nice weekend all

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
Not the easiest day.  GU was broadcasting a down move but UJ seemed to be doing the opposite so I stuck with GU.  The significant moves all around news making safe entries difficult.  Patience is the key, again I waited until I was trading away from the three dragons.  My entry on this one was spot on but I closed too soon (having correctly identified target) as I am not keen on the mid morning european session.  A number of other trades taken for single digit pips so a reasonable result but not at target for today.  I was annoyed not to have taken the trade prior to news, too slow.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Long weekend and the promise of decent weather.  Enjoy.

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
Hi Strada

Was looking for your view on the following situation although it was a while back and its only a small portion of the chart (which is better as the outcome of the individual occurrence isn't important but what you think of when faced with it as it happens very often.)

1st trade went well with a not too amazing push up then stalls

You take TP1 at 8 and TP2 on the reversal signal

Then you enter immediately on this chart it looks which is the first thing I wanted to ask,how do you look at a reversal and flip of the position requirements?

A reversal signal and 1 pip improvement will get you to close the trade and then do you look for just a 1pip improvement to flip your position or are you weary of it?What ill make you enter.Here for example you thought that high would stay unbroken and shorted which was right and you had a little drop.The short would have the SL above the high right ?

Then at point number one you get a reversal signal but not the improvement so you don't close.What if there was a one pip improvement,would you exit and think about filliping or wait for the high to be broken and SL tripped.I know you like the "in a hole though process for this". Once the high was gone would you buy?

At point number two something to similar to the what I suggested aboved happen and there is a reversal signal and you flatted out your short but if you wanted to keep on trading would you get long off that big white candle or is the stoploss to big?If it is too big then you would wait with the risk of losing out on the long am I right,is that just how it is, if the SL is to big then no trade?

You have often in the past mentioned you don't mind to step back for a bit if the market become unfavorable.If you had longed the setup at arrow2 and got stopped out would that be time to take a breath and step back or would you look for the short or next signal ?

Thanks for your time and I know that its a while back but was just wondering what your train of thought / thought process will be.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Then secondly (sorry for all the questions but the next chart is much like the one above but just show a different scenario play out first )

In the below picture buy trade 1 is nice signal and the we have a pull back and you flip around short but would it be on the same bar as you went

out of trade 1?

We then press down and reverse to the top side and it plays out.BUT what if we turned down and got another down signal.Would you flip again and stick with the plan or become very weary or even try and see if you can ride out the range to the topside if you can form a triple bottom?

At my no 1 on the chart  there is some improvement but a massive SL right,so no trade even if it went on to be a winner you would just shake it off as SL to big.

What would you have done if at arrow no 2 that I drew we showed improvement of 1 pip into the high.Would you take it or wait for the short side and see if we can for a double top for reversal or wait for a new setup like the short or long or if we start to range at the top would you be happy waiting?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As always thanks for your time and patience.

All the best

Rooi

:nerd:

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
Hi Rooi and all !!

will show you my NFP news Trade :-)

that's was not a News Trade, I do only trade after News.

I miss the first signal and wait near 2 hours for the next good signal and then I out tooooo early :-(

but anyway that was a nice trade I have bank my goals for 3 days, if this big green candle not come, in my chart I have it as blue because is better to see, then my home run come true.

but I have again a good trade and so a good weekend, hope see you all at Monday

cheers

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
good morning Rooi and all!!

today London close and Tokyo also today and tomorrow, so I decide to close also for today.

hope see you all tomorrow

cheers

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
Good Morning all,

Sorry not much posting of late but slowly getting back into G1m. Hopefully I still welcome. Rooi the thread is great. Strada as usual your comments always appreciated.

Islander and others thank you.

I took this demo 22 minutes after Tokyo open today (Bank Holiday Yes) i.e. demo etc. however it shows there is still pips to be had. Mondays for TO seems to produce,

any thoughts comments welcome?

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
Just after my last post there was more to be had. Re entry with of course G1m signal and break in very recent consolidation support. Followed it down to BRN.

75.8 pips total in the demo account for a Tokyo bank holiday.

--- 帖子 #2029 ---
See you tomorrow Punisher

--- 帖子 #2030 ---
Hi Anthm

Glad to see you trading and posting again.

Hope to see more charts and trades if you are able to find the time

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2031 ---
T1 = -9

T2 = +2.1 + 5.5

T3 = +0.4

= -1

Should have been a winning day for me but not crying about it,just need to keep on working on  my TP1

Did anyone else sneak a trade?

--- 帖子 #2032 ---
good morning Rooi and all !!

my week start today, hope we all will have a green one :-)

cheers

--- 帖子 #2033 ---
Morning Punisher and all

Lets see whats a foot

--- 帖子 #2034 ---
GM

Today i will also do scalping on M1 with live account.

My plan

TP=SL=10 Pips

--- 帖子 #2035 ---
Happy to see you here

--- 帖子 #2036 ---
My long term trade is active but this is M1 thread and i have 2 days OFF from work so i will do trading on M1 Chart today or tomorrow

--- 帖子 #2037 ---
hi aahmad29

--- 帖子 #2038 ---
1 min time frame is the ideal turf for:

Stop hunting.

Broker´s tricks, slippage, spread, etc...

Took a virtual seminar on HFT (High frequency Trading), last week, on how those robots scalp retailers, on a speed of thousands of trades a second....russian roulette my friend...anything under 4 hour frame, is just food for robot.

Chances are people will loose money, and time , (even more precious)...

Yes, some might make it...my wild guess is 3 or four top guys, over thousands who try...hate to see people getting scalped.

Still I wish you all here the best of success...

--- 帖子 #2039 ---
Don't worry. You will see that i will trade EU on my live account but with small lot because i have other long term trades are running with relatively bigger volume.

--- 帖子 #2040 ---
Taking my 10.1 pips today and calling it a day but continuing to work on on all the different "plays" available

--- 帖子 #2041 ---
Good one and good choice of pair. In EU, market is just dead.

--- 帖子 #2042 ---
Your trading results are very impressive for last few days which i have seen in this thread.

--- 帖子 #2043 ---
Thanks for your good wishes and words of warning.

Im glad to say that of the 1000's of people here are Forex Factory we are just 3 - 6 who trade like this so your guess is pretty spot on.Everyone sees the market their own way and the market is after all fractal so 1sec ,1min ,1hour ,1day ,1week ,1month its all relative

1min has a good R:R once you are able to find a niche in it.

We are all here on the same thread but trade very differently.

I wish you all the best and great success

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2044 ---
GM. Rooi where are your stochs ?

--- 帖子 #2045 ---
Thanks aahmad

Strada introduced me to the EJ rather than the EU because the ranges are bigger for scalping.

I use to scalp EU and GU and then changed EU of EJ as you then have a whole new currency to buy or sell against instead of the 2 pairs with the USD

Dont know if you look at other pairs for scalping or just EU

--- 帖子 #2046 ---
thanks aahmad29, must be patience to pick the right trade. but I also miss as you see :-) that's trading

cheers

--- 帖子 #2047 ---
Hi Huskyboy.

Im sad to say that I have removed them as cloud my judgement and draw away too much of my attention from other more important factors to consider.

I have in the past removed them and added them back and have now removed them again,might add them back but I doubt it.The fundamental idea behind using the MTF stochs is amazing for "intraday swing trading" but im just trying to catch the FO and LO for now as personally I think the market has contracted a great deal and might use them again when the daily ranges start to increase and but will have to see

--- 帖子 #2048 ---
long GJ

--- 帖子 #2049 ---
i mainly look at the 15 and try not to trade against it but like you say, each his own style

--- 帖子 #2050 ---
+10 pips

--- 帖子 #2051 ---
Aahmad, you have a special style and you have great results, but here you enter whyle the stochs are pointing down  Pending order ?

--- 帖子 #2052 ---
today I miss the first move up and then I wait for the LO and the EURO news.

EUR make then a new high and will be weaker a little after the HH and the YEN was on a micro down move so I short the EJ at 08.07 GMT.

3 pis later I out for +4.9, that's the nice at M1 trading quick in and out.

miss as I'm write the nice long move at EUR, but banking my goal already and I have the $ for 5 days in the bank and we have only the trading day #3 today.

I out, wish you all tons of +pips and hope see you all tomorrow

cheers

--- 帖子 #2053 ---
+16 so far

--- 帖子 #2054 ---
I agree - especially as one becomes more experienced in the art of focusing on the PA around the European Opens......I keep a couple, as they form the basis of my trading rules.

This morning the two HLs were the clue that cable was headed higher and the good Spanish data the trigger as € spiked up ~30 pips....note also the two other potential buys as price pulled back to the still rising EMA

--- 帖子 #2055 ---
Very well put and nice trading captain

--- 帖子 #2056 ---
as always, when Islander posts its study time

--- 帖子 #2057 ---
Thanks Guys .....I just took a cheeky sell in € for half a position after the small red shooting star that made the high.....clear TVI divergence with price up into a S&R zone......pirated another few pips on the pull back to the EMA.....its nice to see some tradeable action again

Now its coffee time before the UK data in half an hour....

--- 帖子 #2058 ---
Morning all

Its election  day here in South-Africa and so I will not be trading today as I want to be at the polls as they open otherwise you get stuck in a line the whole day.

Good luck and happy pipping

PS - All you other SA guys on here better be voting for the DA hey!

--- 帖子 #2059 ---
good morning Rooi and all !!

Rooi have a good day and all other also and a green one

cheers

--- 帖子 #2060 ---
looks like I today too late, 1 hour before FO the move start already at EJ :-(

will see what LO bring at the market.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2061 ---
Morning Punisher

Back from voting now.

Lets see what LO brings

--- 帖子 #2062 ---
Quick 22 pips on Ej.  Waiting for the next trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2063 ---
Nicely done

--- 帖子 #2064 ---
see you back Rooi, good.

I make my trade now after LO, nice R & S trade and book my day pips and a little more.

as I see +5, I pull the trigger and have a fill at +4.7 pip, for me good one. because for me a safe trade.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2065 ---
Ha ha ha...the cheek!

I got the mark on my thumb last wednesday here in London...about 10,000 of us lot showed up in Trafalgar square...

--- 帖子 #2066 ---
+4.5 and calling it a day.

--- 帖子 #2067 ---
Same entry area but you were on the retrace ?

Nicely done

--- 帖子 #2068 ---
WOW

Thats amazing! About 10 000? Was the Embassy the only place for people to vote in the uk?

Its the first time that people are able to vote outside the country and it will be very important for opposing the ANC as a lot of oposition voters have left.

What was the buzz around the place? More ANC or DA?

Hope you made the right decision

Thanks for taking the time to vote

--- 帖子 #2069 ---
The DA actually called me on my cell phone the day before to remind me to bring my ID and passport and they had a massive presence on the day. I heard someone say they had 30,000 people for the day but I can't find that officially.

Here's a snap I took on my phone just after 9am, we had already been in the Q for just over 2 hours at that stage...

--- 帖子 #2070 ---
Thanks for the photo.

Really awesome.

Lets see how it goes today and what the results are.Should know in 3-7 days

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2071 ---
Yeah, I wait for the pullback to the support before the resistance you pull the trigger as it break and I as the pullback show the first green bar.

done and call it a day

have a good one Rooi and all

cheers

--- 帖子 #2072 ---
Very tight range unlike yesterday.   I might be calling it a day soon

--- 帖子 #2073 ---
+ 18

Nearly closed out my long

See you guys in the morning

--- 帖子 #2074 ---
good work !!

--- 帖子 #2075 ---
hello Rooi and all, I must go out today.

may later I will check out

cheers

--- 帖子 #2076 ---
See you later Punisher

--- 帖子 #2077 ---
+10

--- 帖子 #2078 ---
+9.4

The market looks to be widening it average ranges again after some dull days

--- 帖子 #2079 ---
Hi Rooi

Just discovered your thread looks great just love any 1 minute system especially one that appears very successful like this one.

I've been trading something very similar find a strong trending pair on 1 minute then enter on break and retests as price  pullbacks to support and resistance but you appear to be doing similar, finding a strong trending pair but then enter on breakouts rather than pullbacks, like it!!!

I have a little indicator you might like which shows the strongest trending pairs on any chart timeframe including 1 minute.

Will work my way through the thread then come back to you with some questions but first impressions look good to me.

Keep up the good work.

All the best Clive.

PS are you the old roofx that was???

--- 帖子 #2080 ---
Hi ClivePackham

Thanks for the kind words and taking the time stop by and join in the thread.

I have always been Rooi here at ForeFactory and not planning on changing my name or violating any rules.

What is the trending tool you have?

Everyone here uses the roughly the same indies but have different "setups" the trade.

Like you said I like the breakouts but dont mind the reversals if it is  decent looking

Hope you will share a chart and one of your trades when you feel like it.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2081 ---
Ok heres a trade I am still in from this morning took 7.2 pips from first push now at BE and holding for bigger run, bit hopeful I guess after a good run, but you never know???

Indicator top left shows top trending pairs on 1 min and 5 min it uses the slope of a moving average.  I use 100lwma for 1 min chart. It shows the steepest sloping ma so shows the top 8 trenders as I see it.

I like to find the strongest trending pairs then trade those in that direction eg pullbacks or breakouts(now i've read your thread).  Levels I like to trade break and retest on are. 200sma 25 levels Daily pivots Yesterdays high,low and close price. (yellow lines on my chart) If you look on attached chart theres a couple of prime examples of B&R 141.75 level also yesterdays close very adjacent to it, 200 sma (blue ma).

Very basically I identify a strong trending pair from top 8 trenders then wait for a break and retest of above levels.  Simple really.

Anyway gotta get going to my job will update on 2nd TP but aiming at 142.00 level for another 15 pips and total of 22 pips.

Oh just hit it as I was typing so 22.2 pips total, nice start.

Will follow thread with agusto just what I've been looking for.

All the best Clive.

--- 帖子 #2082 ---
Today is celebration day. My new live account with lot 0.04; TP=SL=50 Pips

H1 Chart = 85 Pips

M1 Chart = 115 Pips

I am only posting M1 chart according to rules of this thread.

--- 帖子 #2083 ---
good morning Rooi and all !

yesterday I was to late :-) nice move from EURO

will see what happen today, we start at FO by the German Trade Balance News

cheers

--- 帖子 #2084 ---
Nice trading and well done

--- 帖子 #2085 ---
Morning Punisher and all

--- 帖子 #2086 ---
+8.3

--- 帖子 #2087 ---
for me the PB trade +7 I out after price stall.

I happy. hope all other will be.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2088 ---
Nicely done Punisher

Hope you have a good weekend

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2089 ---
thanks very much and for You Rooi and all other also !!

hope see you all then next week

cheers

--- 帖子 #2090 ---
How do you guys treat the news events??? How much time do you give them either side of the release?? Do you leave well alone and just trade the currencies not involved??

Just to get the ball rolling I tend to not trade 30 mins before but resume about 10 mins after, in fact if its been a large differential release then I watch for a apres news trend then look for an entry with that trend.

Have been looking into getting into any strong pre-news moves and holding at BE through the news on the pretext that sometimes news gets leaked to the banks and the pre-news trend is in fact them taking positions in the anticipated direction of news spike.

I am sure we are all different but your comments would be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #2091 ---
Often i forget the news and only look at really big news and i stop trading 15 mins before and start trading 10 mins after.

--- 帖子 #2092 ---
Thanks condor666

Hows your trading going??? Still using DNAbrasils method??? Are you using large stops or margin calls like him or smaller stops like here??

--- 帖子 #2093 ---
I use no stops at all

When i'm in a trade i manage it by myself and if i'm wrong i close the trade.

Actually i use 2 charts to take entry decision and still with big leverage cause i love that way to trade.

I had stopped trading for a fews month and now i'm trading since 3 weeks.

And it looks like this :
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2094 ---
It gave me +50% :
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The last trade was a risky conter trend trade

--- 帖子 #2095 ---
Hi Clive

Really just depends on the type of news.

Euro opens have there big news but nothing like unemployment number or rate decisions etc that can really whip up and down by 50pip in my opinion.

That being said.Unless Im in a decent position with a SL at BE and a bit of a buffer between current price and the BE price I will never hold a trade or get into a new trade 10 min before new news

I will take a trade 30 seconds after or even closer if the chart gives the signal-many time we move of the high of the day or other nice setups just after news.I dont trade the news or even the reaction but dont mind a decent signal with a decent well placed SL after the news

As for the currency pair I trade,I use Strada's approach of looking at the overnight action and range of either EJ or GU and also take into consideration how the pairs have been behaving recently and 99.9% of the time I will stick to the pair I start trading for the morning

But like you said everyone is different

--- 帖子 #2096 ---
Hi Condor

Thanks for taking the time to stop by and post your charts and trades but will you please drag and drop your trade on you charts so that it forms the lives from entry to exit so we can see you entries and exits on the chart and see what the indicators were showing at that time

Well done with your profit

--- 帖子 #2097 ---
Hi Clive

Looks interesting, any chance you can post the top 8 trenders indicator? I remember favorite was after something like that?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2098 ---
This one is the counter trend trade :
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2099 ---
And here is the short i took just before the previous one :
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2100 ---
+ 5 and + 16

Calling it a day and a week.

--- 帖子 #2101 ---
Nice work Rooi and I like your signature

How many pips per day/week do you aim for?

--- 帖子 #2102 ---
Nice trading Rooi how do you play your stops???

--- 帖子 #2103 ---
Wow Condor now thats what I call trading!!!

So how do you decide enough is enough and close out a loser??? I tend to look for entries behind solid support or resistance levels as per my levels in earlier post, so as price turns away from my support I enter and put stop behind that level if I'm wrong I want out. Basically if my trade idea doesn't happen immediately don't hang around hoping just get TFO!!!

So are you trading at 1% per pip still???

Thanks for sharing I love the way you trade and would like to think I could do it too but its not that easy , demands discipline and lots of it.

Thanks again.

Hi Jonnypants will try to upload top 8 indy but having problems finding it in my indicator folder??? Maybe its becos i recently upgraded my mt4 and its put it somewhere else? Any ideas where custom indys are filed???

--- 帖子 #2104 ---
Hi Clive

Yes I think things changed with build 600+.......

Try File, Open data folder.... then browse to MQL4, Indicators, they should all be in there methinks...

If I was you (and other traders!) I'd zip up your extra indies etc and email them to yourself in case the PC goes t!ts up one day!

Thanks and good trading!

PS I like your signature too, thing is the fear keeps scaring the sh!t out of me....

--- 帖子 #2105 ---
Yes i still use the 1% per pip rule cause that's how i love trading.

For the loser it's really simple, if i get a signal in the opposite direction that means that i'm must stop my trade.

For the new folder it's here :

C:\Users\"Your windows username"\AppData\Roaming\MetaQuotes\Terminal\"a number"\MQL4\Indicators

--- 帖子 #2106 ---
I forgot a little rule that i apply :

if i'm in a short, even i think prices could go lower, i close my trade early with only a little profit like 5 pips.

So to achieve my daily objective i need just 4 trades.

That gives 20% daily -> 100% weekly -> account X 1000 in just 10 weeks.

--- 帖子 #2107 ---
(applause) - you only need to make 3-5 pips a day from say the 6 major pairs. Do that regularly and you've got it made.

--- 帖子 #2108 ---
Actually i trade only eurjpy.

--- 帖子 #2109 ---
I try and get to as close to 100pips for the week as I can but dont like to force it to hard.If I feel the market is doing what I like it to do then I just wont trade.Still working on it as there is almost 99% of the time a decent opportunity during FO and LO

How about you?

--- 帖子 #2110 ---
Above the most recent high but when I do my planning I always factor in a SL of 15pips X 2 positions

How about you

--- 帖子 #2111 ---
Hi Clive very much like your style and I'm trying to incorporate some of your technique into my trading.

For me it's the 360 linear weighted moving average, instead of 200sma, the idea is 1440 candles in one day and dived by 4 quarters, I've struggled with including the 25 lwma  which is realy the 5lwma in M5 time frame.

I've thrown away the MTF Stochastic as I couldn't cope with it's up and down dancing with the market fluctuations and adopted the Linear Regression Slope, but trying out your  CCI 210 which is CCI 14 in M15 time frame, I'm preferring the 360 period still. so I'd watch which would be more reliable the LRS or the CCI? (for me).

I hope you will stick around as I'd like to see you pick those breaks and retests and mark your charts with entry and exits, also please upload the 8 top trending indy or if you cant just give the name meanwhile and we could do a Google search on FF or Forex-TSD.

Thanks for coming on board.

--- 帖子 #2112 ---
I wonder why you would close your trade early with only a little profit like 5 pips when you think price could go lower when you are in a short, why not ride the trend when momentum is on your side?

I'm considering high leverage, low risk and high reward, so hope to learn from you.

--- 帖子 #2113 ---
Cause i'm not always right, most of time i'm sad when i see the price continuing growing but sometimes i'm really happy of my choice.

--- 帖子 #2114 ---
I recently found Forexcube's thread on Divergence and he used CCI mainly but seeing that you could apply it on a 210 period basis I decided to try it and I must say it's way ahead of the LRS that I was using as I can tell exhaustion levels and see divergence with it.

Please make sure you share your charts/trades and mark your entries and exits. I'd particularly like to see how you take the breakouts and retests.

Here's how my charts look now (didn't take a trade today as I was watching too many pairs and then had to attend to the j. o. b.)

Enjoy your weekend.

--- 帖子 #2115 ---
If your are using a windows computer, try this:

Click on Upload From Computer computer> Local Disk (C)> Program Files>your broker meta trader platform>MQL4>Indicators and choose the indicator you want to attach. I've upgraded to build 646 and it's still same process.

--- 帖子 #2116 ---
Hi All

This thread is really warming up lovely some great stuff here for sure, hopefully all us 1 minute traders can help each other become better traders.

Anyway found my top 8 trender indy from the platform so here it is.

Attached File(s)   #Top 8 Trenders Indicator.ex4

23 KB
|
1,767 downloads

But before I go any further must give credit to the creator of this indy who worked with me to put this together, Hugh Briss, otherwise known as Ted to his close friends. He is a great guy and coder so if you have any ideas you want coding have a chat with him. I'm sure for the right price he will help you out. Thanks Ted great job.

Oh and he has written a book about trading too, smart guy, heres a link to his book. http://www.amazon.com/Swing-Trading-...nd+stochastics

I will endeavour to explain how it works and the best way I've found to use it but I will say it could be used in numerous ways so heres my ideas.

Basically it measures the steepness of a moving average (you can choose which one) then ranks them in order of steepness so the steepest is at the top. The theory is that the fastest moving pairs, trending the most, will have the steepest sloping MA. We monitor 2 timeframes so you can monitor the timeframe above the one you trade. This is useful for a couple of reasons you can either trade the pair when it comes to the top on both or another way I use it is when the same pair is top in both but opposite colours eg going in opposite directions which means a reversal is imminent.

The whole point of following steep sloping MA's is that when you trade with the trend not only will the momentum carry you to profit quicker but also the momentum indicators work really well giving you a higher strike rate. The GBPUSD daily chart below,for instance, gave you 8 winning entries out of 10.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So how does it help? Well first of all look at the top 8 trenders in the daily column and use it as your first filter, go down the list checking out the charts until you see one you like the look of. I liked the look of the gbpusd daily chart(see attached), the red MA is a 100lwma which is the MA used in this example, as you can see GBPUSD is 3rd in our table of top 8 trenders. Check out the others yourself I think theres 4 of the 8 that look really tradable in my opinion.

Now we have our pair to trade and look for a good entry to join the trend.

I like the look of the 1.6800 level for Monday don't you???

So how do we set up the inputs?? See top 8 trenders settings hrly and daily attachment below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the top 2 inputs are used to space out the table x and y position the indicator on your chart the 5th one is fontsize.

tf1 = timeframe 1 in minutes eg 15 = 15min 60 = hrly 1440 = daily 10,080 = weekly 43,200 = monthly etc

tf2 = timeframe 2 as above

tf1malength = timeframe 1 moving average period

tf1type = 0-simple 2-ema 3-lwma 4-smoothed

tf1maprice = timeframe 1 moving average price applied to 0-close 1-open 2-high 3-low etc

tf1lookback = this is how far you want to look back the moving average to measure the slope. I use a multiple of next timeframe up for 60min I use 24 as 24 hours in a day; for 1 min I use 15 as 15min is next timeframe up. Please try out different periods at your discretion.

tf2 settings are the same as above but just for the higher timeframe.

useatr = this is an interesting one where you can choose to take into account the pairs atr so giving it a volitility filter, without it just the biggest movers, most volitile pairs come to the top. I personally set it to false for lower timeframes like 1 min etc but 1 hr and above I set it to true. But again play around with it yourselves see what siuts you best.

Ok so thats the settings now the difficult part, how best to use it?? Heres some of my ideas:

Straight forward trade the trend using cci for entries.

Look at the chart above and you can see that GBPUSD is in the top 3 so check out the chart and look for a CCI signal back with the trend. I use a 8 CCI as pullbacks in a strong trend can be quite small, I also wait for the CCI to go over -100 level to qualify as an entry. Once cci goes over -100 then wait for first smaller cci candle eg momentum is slowing down and looking to reverse. Place a pending order above the signal candle and see if it gets hit next day, if not and cci candle is smaller than yesterdays then move pending order to next daily candle, continue until trade is hit.

Exit at your discretion or hold until the trend ends. Trail all entries up higher lows until stopped out. Or just grab each momentum move at your discretion.

Heres a 1 minute trade example

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This time the top 8 trender is set up for 1 minute and 5 minute and looking at 1 min you can see its showing top of the trenders but more importantly you can see why look at the 100lwma (red ma) its sloping down perfectly, I tend to use 14 cci on the lower timeframes but theres a nice signal at 11.03 which is also a break and retest of my 200sma, one of my favourite entries, and away you go!!

Exit again is discretionary but heres a couple of choices for you;

First green Hieken ashi candle trail stop to top.

The next support level in this case the yellow line (yesterdays close)

Exit first TP at either above and hold 2nd half until 100lwma is crossed over.

Reversal setup

This is one of my favourite setups usually occurs mid morning on a London Openwhen price has been racing one way for 100pips or so appearing in the top 8 for most of the morning as say red (going down) it will also be in the top 8 of the 5 min trenders too. Wait for it to appear in the 1 min top 8 trenders as opposite colour to 5 min eg Green, then enter as above theres every chance it will go back 70% of the move down.

London breakout strategy/ post news strategy

London is when a lot of money comes to the table and often causes a breakout in one pair or another. Well what better way than to see which 100lwma is pouring up or down the page 30 mins after the open??? Look at the top 3 trenders and checkout the chart for a good setup , I like break and retests of key levels as discussed before eg. 25 levels, 200sma, yesterdays high,low close or the daily pivot. oh and of course S and R levels.

The same theory can be applied to a high differential news release, wait for 10 mins after the news release for price action  to settle down and a new 1 min trend to setup again which 100lwma is sloping the steepest??? The MA can be changed to say a 20 for an immediate response after news but I find a bit too jumpy for normal trading.

SUMMARY

Basically the top 8 trender can be used on any timeframe to identify the strongest moving pairs on that timeframe. When used on the 1 minute timeframe you will find it chops and changes quite a bit so sometimes use the 5 min as your master and wait for 1 min to agree. The bottom line is its an awesome indicator but thats it, its just an indicator you still have to check the chart out and look for a siutable entry, but trust me once you learn how to use it it can be a great help.

One word of warning sometimes when a pair comes to the top it can have already moved quite away so might be about to reverse, so again use your skills to decide whether that pairs worth trading or not. best time for me is when the 100lwma has just turned up or down after a strong move one way or the other, thats when its the best time to get in and hold.

Well that's me done I'm sure theres all sorts of ways to make use of this indy so good luck and if it helps you become a better trader then don't forget to thank Ted, Hugh Briss, without his coding skills it wouldn't be here.

--- 帖子 #2117 ---
Your indi doesn't works on my MT4 installations, i get a zero divide error.

Do you have the MQ4 file ?

--- 帖子 #2118 ---
Sorry just had a chat with Ted (Hugh Briss) about that apparently its because he only wrote it for our own broker Vantage so its probably not working if your broker has a prefix or suffix in front of the symbols???

He is looking into it and hopefully should be able to post a multi broker version later today so watch this space.

Dont suppose you know how to code an EA for multiple brokers do you??

--- 帖子 #2119 ---
I would say yes and no, if it's not too complicated i know

--- 帖子 #2120 ---
Right here you go Condor666 heres another version that should run on all brokers platforms, Ted has added 2 more input values prefix and suffix all you have to do is try it first to see if it runs ok. If not then check out your brokers symbols and if they have a prefix (something in front of symbol) then put it in the new prefix input when you load on the expert. If however your broker has something after the symbol then put that into the suffix input.

Attached File(s)   #top 8 trenders all brokers.ex4

24 KB
|
1,071 downloads

Thanks to Ted (Hugh Briss) for his help as usual.

Hope this solves any issues if not let me know.

Cheers Clive.

--- 帖子 #2121 ---
Thanks, it works on brokers with suffix but not on broker without suffix or prefix

--- 帖子 #2122 ---
Can you tell me which broker you are having problems with and Ted will check it out and get it working for you?

--- 帖子 #2123 ---
Forget about it, only one broker doesn't works : forex.ee

Armada works perfectly so it isn't a problem

--- 帖子 #2124 ---
Ok let me know how you get on with it. Meanwhile I am having problems with desk top at home so using mobile phone to post will get repaired Monday so won't be posting any trades or charts etc until I get it working again.

Good luck monday.

--- 帖子 #2125 ---
Morning all

No real news this morning so might be a bit slow as its monday as well.

Lets see

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2126 ---
good morning Rooi and all !!

yes let see what happen.

good luck for the week!

cheers

--- 帖子 #2127 ---
Morning

And the same for you

--- 帖子 #2128 ---
+ 4

+ 8

= +12

--- 帖子 #2129 ---
good work !!

I still not found  the right entry, will look later again :-)

I'm not hurry.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2130 ---
I agree.

A bit choppy after the FO , but not uncommon on a monday morning with very little news outstanding for the day.

Plenty of time like you said.

Im done for now as well.

GL for later

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2131 ---
Just as I type that there is a bit of force shown and I get to finish my day.Think we will range here till NYO

1st trade + 12

2nd trade + 8.4 ( 2 X 4.2)

3rd trade +9 ( 3 + 6 ) {signal was a 2 pips lower but didnt get a nice fill.It happens}

Days pip count = 29.4

--- 帖子 #2132 ---
Liked the look of my GBPUSD daily chart posted earlier so looking for some GBP strength this mornig to hopefull get a 1 minute entry in direction of the daily trend.

Another useful way to use the top 8 trender is to wait till a currency is dominating the top 8 like GBP this morning so showing GBP strength then look through the GBP pairs for an entry.  I missed the pullback but caught a nice little breakout.

Holding at BE now so will see how this pans out today hopefully daily trend will resume for a nice little earner, who knows but can't lose now.

Anyway off to work now so won't be around too much today but will watch it on mobile.

Have a good day, will update on this trade later.

--- 帖子 #2133 ---
GM - I too liked cable this morning.....I bought in the 08:20 gmt bar and my TP at 1 pip under the BRN just got hit....the 50% retrace off my 15m chart has actually been the high so far at 1.6902....

--- 帖子 #2134 ---
Thanks for sharing the indy, is Hugh Briss on FF?

--- 帖子 #2135 ---
You're welcome let me know how you get on with it and how you're using it .Yes Hugh Briss is a member on ff just use search box and it will take you to his profile.Looks like my gbpusd trade stopped out at BE shame as was up about 15 pips at one time but didn't take it as fancied it higher after big down day friday. Oh well better luck next time.

--- 帖子 #2136 ---
Morning all

+ 9

A bit lucky on the SL for a change

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2137 ---
Morning Rooi

Nice trade just got away with the stop I guess it was below that previous support around 140.68ish???

So on your breakout entries do you use a pending stop order? If so how many pips above last high/low and I assume you place stop below last support??Cheers Clive.

--- 帖子 #2138 ---
SL was at 140.707 - Normally use the closest high or low

I dont use pending orders.

Finger on the trigger type of guy

Hows you trading been going this morning?

--- 帖子 #2139 ---
Hi Clive,

This is totally awesome, I've narrowed down to GBPJPY but at times I veer off to other pairs when there seems to be no action in the Beast only to find there'd been a great rally or drop that I could have benefited from.

It's clear now all I need to do is simply keep my GBPJPY chart up and check on the chart for the top 2 trending, like this morning  EURAUD is #1 in M1 and in M5 while EURCAD ranks second while GBPAUD  is 3rd in the M1 and M5 charts so just to pull them up and wait for my set-up (the Hidden or Continuation Divergence)

You can see how EURCAD and EURAUD played out in the charts attached.

Pity I could not load the indy yesterday as I left the office early and rain prevented me for getting to the office before FO.

My question is what does the look back period relate to 15 bars or 15 days?

--- 帖子 #2140 ---
Hello Rooi

Consistently attacking them pips,got to my battle station late, but tomorrow will be a better day.

--- 帖子 #2141 ---
Glad you are enjoying the top 8 trender it can certainly help and I think its a good idea to use the 5 min as the master then look for your favourite entries in the 1 min. Don't forget you can use it on higher timeframes too eg daily as master and trade the hourly.

Just a word of warning don't forget all trends come to an end and usually before its shown in the MA so whenever you look at a top trender make sure its still trending strongly and not looking like its exhausted eg was the last push higher a clear push higher?? Is it pulling back to support etc etc I always say to people don't just trade it because its in the top 8 trenders, still use your analysis skills to confirm the trends still going.

And to answer your question the lookback period is 15 bars but of course you can set it for what you want I just use the next timeframe up for my own use please feel free to experiment.

Sorry Rooi no trading from me today had an early business meeting with my partner who has just launched her own weight loss group, exciting times all round at the mo.

Anyone else having fun with the top 8 trenders???? Please let me know one way or the other good or bad I don't mind.

--- 帖子 #2142 ---
Hi

Just looked back at this mornings charts and saw a setup that I really like so thought I would share it with you all. Its the London mid morning reversal. When the London boys set us all up for a fall by letting price march one way right into all thier orders waiting to eat us alive.

Thing is by trading the 1 min charts you can sometimes see it happening and jump on board. I watch for 2 things really.

1) A pair to appear in the top 8 trenders one colour say green, going up, then an hour later it appears red, going down.

2) I watch for my 15 min CCI to turnover then take the next 2 or 3 1 min cci signals the same way as per charts below.

It happened on EURAUD this morning and gave us a perfect pullback entry at 10.50 gmt to a 25 level (1.4725)

Its gone down about 75 pips since.

By the way watch out for New York reversing this move, I have a personal theory that London and New York have an agreement that one sells something all morning whilst the others buy it all back in the afternoon, that way they both make bucket loads of money. Seen it happen all too often for it to be a coincidence.

So watch for the reversal back up this afternoon. Just a thought.

EDIT; Sorry just realised I showed the GBPAUD chart from this morning but at least it shows the EURAUD in the top 8 trenders for 1 and 5 mins.

--- 帖子 #2143 ---
Thought I'd give the New York reversal a go today, 7 pips up and at BE now so going to hold till end of day see what we get???

--- 帖子 #2144 ---
It does happens so often but we are so "micro focused" that we don't realise it and I have thought that these big boys are just creating money out of their orders outta thin air, we can't beat them so we just have to be nimble enough to join them.

One of these days I'm gonna get in on their order book and front run the living day lights outta them

Meantime I'm still fine tuning my use of the indie I have decided to use 120LWMA (curve fitting H1 average MA -2LWMA) and I find the CCI is shades simpler to use than the Stochastic because it is unbounded and gives relatively more reliable spotting  of Divergence and forecasting exhaustion just that I never even thought I could set the period beyond 50 and use it well.

Hope you caught some other good trades.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #2145 ---
good morning Rooi and all !!

hmm yesterday not my lucky day, have a car accident and have to wait for police and insurance. so all for I can drive by new car need more then 6 hours and then I go eat and drink, because car broken but I OK and I not responsible for the accident,  may can say that's the lucky on that day :-)

will check the market now

cheers

--- 帖子 #2146 ---
Morning all

Here for a while this morning so hopefully some fun with the London open today.

I'm always trying to catch a big move by just following the money in the London open so like to have a quick look at whats happened overnight to try and figure out what might happen durring the open so looking at the top 8 trenders the top 4 5 min boys are euraud, audusd, gbpaud and audcad so AUD strength over night.

Typically would expect a reverse move from FO to start the day then a reversal back with the daily trend round about mid morning from the London boys. Trouble is theres a lot of GBP news this morning which could throw a spanner in the works.

Gonna sit back and watch the open go by then see whats happening on my 1 min trenders will be interested in jumping on board a top 8 trender just after the open basically following the money.

Well thats the plan, wonder what I will actually do??????

--- 帖子 #2147 ---
Wow!

I was wondering what happened

Hope for a better day today.

Good Luck

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2148 ---
Morning Rooi and all, haven't been on here much lately, not enough time. Easy trade this morning on GU, just short of daily target but finished in just over half an hour, ideal for me at present. Have a good day.

regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2149 ---
Morning Strada

Glad to see you around again

--- 帖子 #2150 ---
thanks Rooi !

and have already more then my goal in the bank

can't break the resistance so I pull the trigger for a short and take +6.1pips.

for a little more precise that for me a  plus of 1.525%

tanks for the day market, now will a  little relax :-)

cheers

--- 帖子 #2151 ---
Nice Entry

GU was the pair so far today

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2152 ---
Nicely done

I missed it but lets see whats available now

:nerd:

--- 帖子 #2153 ---
Thanks Rooi !

and all the best for you and all

cheers

--- 帖子 #2154 ---
+ 5 so far and approaching with caution as its a bit choppy today on the EJ

--- 帖子 #2155 ---
Hi Rooi, yes it was an easy entry to take. signal appeared while I was setting up and missed the initial entry, but it came back up again and provided a better SL so entered on the later entry using 1pip buffer on signal close price.

Got your PM and will get back to you later.

regards,strada.

--- 帖子 #2156 ---
Entry on the GU is great trade with high probability and very nice R:R once a better SL forms.I saw it a bit late as I was late setting up but I was ready to wager money on the fact that you were in that trade.Would have been easy money

Whenever you find time for the PM. I'm in no  rush.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2157 ---
Bought the break and retest of 200sma and the BRN 1.4600 hopefully this is a nice little reversal today. I,m always looking for a reversal after a strong move down overnight. Trouble is more often than not I get up 10 or so pips then it comes back and wacks me out at BE , but then if you don't try you're never know???

--- 帖子 #2158 ---
Hi Rooi, GU was definitely easy money today so far. Since my trade, 3 more solid opportunities. 2 would have made profit, 1 would have been BE exit. Plus there was a great trade immediately before the one I took. It doesn't get any easier than this.

Have PM'd and will catch up later.

regards, strada.

--- 帖子 #2159 ---
Hi Strata/Rooi

How do you guys decide which pair to trade each day???

--- 帖子 #2160 ---
Also meant to ask you guys about exits too as I've been up 8 to 10 pips in 2 trades today but holding for the bigger win so knocked out at BE both times. Its very frustrating.

Whats your guys thinking on exits and don't you ever hold for the bigger run??

Thanks in advance for your help.

--- 帖子 #2161 ---
Hi Clivepackham, whichever signal comes first between EJ & GU does it for me. (normally set up and watching around 15/30 mins before FO)

I use 2 exits, 1st TP is +7/8 or more if the market gifts it, TP2 exit at discretion around any weakness of signal, barrier, news etc. I tend to close out TP2 if it's anywhere near my daily target and showing any sign of weakness, like today.

I never ever pre-suppose/expect/anticipate/hope any trade will be a runner, not on 1min.

All the best, strada.

--- 帖子 #2162 ---
+15 and done.Far from perfect but not mistaking the journey for the destination.

Still working on a lot .

--- 帖子 #2163 ---
Thanks Strata really appreciate you taking the time to answer. I think this "holding for a runner" is my biggest nemesis, I'm gonna work on it full time as constantly get nice entries and get to BE quickly but 9 times out of 10 get stopped out at BE or worst a loser!!!

Maybe the best of both worlds is to take TP1 early for 8 to 10 pips, whenever momentum fades, then move to BE and let the other half run!!!Yep like the sound of that will give it a go going forward,

--- 帖子 #2164 ---
GM - with big UK news out later, I focused on cable and GbpJpy, trading both ways.....this was the best one.

At 7:28 GMT UsdJpy gave a sell signal.   At 7:45 cable also gave a sell signal and thus GbpJpy too as it moved into harmony with UJ

Now I am back concentrating on my swing trading UsdTry with its 50 - 100 pip ID swings....I bought the fake-out / stop sweep at 7:40..

--- 帖子 #2165 ---
Man oh man!!! What a difference that has made to my trading today already Strata!!!

Just taken 3 entries with 5 profitable TPs and one BE!!!  4.1+0+5.8+3.1+16.6+13.0= 42.6!!!

And should of held the last one would be   30 odd pips up and still going but sick and tired of giving it all back!!! Next time I will let the 2nd TP ride.

Early days I know but feel like its the final piece of the jig saw.

Thanks strata great advice.

--- 帖子 #2166 ---
Nicely done.

Would you mind sharing the charts

--- 帖子 #2167 ---
Yep but b4 I do how do I get my past trades to show??? Do I have to put them on myself or is there a way to do it through mt4???It was basically post news trading on GBPJPY shame I didn't hold them this time!!!! Would be about 100 pips up by now, sods law I guess.

--- 帖子 #2168 ---
Here you go , can't find how to mark the trades through mt4 so basically after a high differential news release gbpJPY came to top of top trenders(obviously) so waited for pullbacks as marked and took profits as I saw fit at the time moving to BE at same time.

The last pullback I got shaken out of for -2.5 pips lost my nerve I guess shame as that was the best entry if I had left it.

Also its a bit ironic but actually if I had left the trades on I would of been laughing but thats the power of hindsight I guess, bloody good stuff if we could get some beforehand heh????

--- 帖子 #2169 ---
Just drag your trades from the Account History tab onto your chart (drag and drop)

--- 帖子 #2170 ---
Thanks, easy when you know how isn't it?? Will do that in future.

--- 帖子 #2171 ---
Yeah

Just reload your template to clear the history off the chart, and remember not to save the template with the history on as it fills the template with junk over time.

--- 帖子 #2172 ---
As per request by PM I will share entry system that I use.

I use the color change on the matrix together with the bars at the bottoms color change

Once the color change happens there should be a 1 pip improvement of the of the signal bar

Not all entries are going to be profitable and working out the best entries are up to you and how you like to trade

The rest of the info is all in the thread to read and there are plenty of examples.I suggest digesting Strada's charts as that is what I do.

The most important of the system is to make your wins bigger than your losers.There will be plenty of loser but you are able make money by keeping them small.

The vertical lines shows possible trades for today

Hope this helps.

PS- Dont be afraid to ask questions on the thread as nobody will think strange of it.Its is afterall why we are all here.To share and to learn.

Rooil

--- 帖子 #2173 ---
Another good lesson to learn from you guys is to know when enough is enough and you've sucked the well dry, just stop and call it a day, otherwise it just dribbles back if youre not careful.

This is a typical quiet time for scalpers so best left alone until New Yorkers wake up I guess. I am going to really try and not trade unless price is really moving, its so much easier if the price is active, trouble is when I get bored my trigger finger gets itchy.

Maybe I could have my first rule only trade pairs when top trender score is over 50???Means the MA's sloping at about 45 degrees so the price must be moving strongly.  I've always said momentum indicators , price action etc works so much better on a strong trending pair.   Hmmm might try that from now on.

--- 帖子 #2174 ---
Heres an example of what I am talking about above. GBPNZD is top of 1 min trenders with a score over 50 so 100lwma is sloping down nicely and funnily enough the pullbacks are working fine. Must be something in it???

Also look at 15min CCI my bottom indy its turned over nicely so the top 1 min CCI  gives some lovely signals add that to a nice colour change on the HA candles and you've got yourself a system.

By the way mostly caused by the high differential GBP news release as per my previous post about post news trading.

Doesn't work all the time but then what does????

--- 帖子 #2175 ---
Thanks for that but Rooi is the one to thank here, I used to use 3 TP's but when we switched to G1m Roii was using 2 and he showed us all how beneficial that was. The 3rd TP is great on the odd occasion you get a runner, but measuring the likelihood of them happening against the additional exposure it didn't prove worthwhile.

cheers, strada

--- 帖子 #2176 ---
Thats interesting maybe theres more to this 2nd TP than first meets the eye, how about looking at strong trending daily pairs say using a 10sma so steepest sloping 10sma pair would be highly likely to run on a 1 min chart.

Market opens cause most of these 100 plus pip runs like todays examples.I've attached a chart showing top 8 trenders on Daily using a 10lwma EURAUD is top so whenever we catch a 1 min sell signal on EURAUD hold the 2nd TP see how far it goes. Even higher probability if its a LH we're selling?? Piont is it should by rights have the highest probability to run downwards shouldn't it???

Just a thought, might try it with all those top 8 trenders from now on.

--- 帖子 #2177 ---
Hi,

a little change in top trenders would be appreciable :
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If the TF fontsize could be greater i really would apreciate that.

--- 帖子 #2178 ---
Taking only the short side might be an option as well cos markets generally go down and lot faster than they go up.

--- 帖子 #2179 ---
Some interesting posts this morning, I too am in the bank some and let the remainder run camp....

However, I do this having analysied the contracts that I am trading hour by hour over several months, so that I know when each frequently moves and by how much and also the overall morning and afternoon swings, as I treat the European morning and US morning as two separate sessions.

This allows me to focus on just the three pairs and two major crosses that historically offer tradeable moves during my chosen trading hours.....I would have to do a great deal of research to justify adding any additional contracts and I personally would NOT be able to cope with any more and remain focused.....for me, less is better.

I would also look carefully at some of the thinly traded crosses being mentioned.....what is the typical range of their spreads and how much slippage is to be expected etc.....

--- 帖子 #2180 ---
Hi Condor66

Heres the source code can you sort it yourself ok???

If not let me know and I will ask Ted but don't like to keep bothering him if I can help it. Let me know how you get on with it??

--- 帖子 #2181 ---
Yep good idea so just take the pairs trending down strongly and another thought I had was to wait for the 1 min to be trending up then put a trendline on it so when broken sell next LH. Every chance price won't come back that way again if the daily trend continues. By the way a 1min trend reversal is a 15 min CCI sell signal.

--- 帖子 #2182 ---
Thanks, it worked perfectlly, now i have the same fontsize as the pairs values.

--- 帖子 #2183 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2184 ---
Good morning all

--- 帖子 #2185 ---
+11

Initial signal happened earlier

--- 帖子 #2186 ---
Morning Rooi and all, have TP1 on EJ, signal 6.36; entry 6.48.

Price moved up while typing and took +14 for TP2. total +21.4.

strada

PS Rooi, great minds...........

--- 帖子 #2187 ---
good morning Rooi and all !!

nice trading already :-)

cheers

--- 帖子 #2188 ---
@rooi, did you draw those horizontal lines manually?

@strada, can you show us a graph of the 'signal at 6.36' please?

Nice early trading, congrats guys!

--- 帖子 #2189 ---
Nice trading Strada - You do always take a lot more out of the move than I do.

I do like it when I am in the same move as you are because it shows me that I pay attention to right things at the right time and it helps builds confidence.

Just wishing I was around when your daily target was 100 pips,but very happy with what you share already.Just need to rinse and repeat.

Thanks as always for sharing your trades and charts

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2190 ---
Morning fellow traders

Nice trades Rooi and Strata, nice start.

I'm looking to sell gbpaud top of top 8 waiting for a nice pullback.

--- 帖子 #2191 ---
Hi Johny

Yes I draw the yellow lines by hand to give possible levels that are in play but focus on the PA and the signal the most

Strada might answer you but he gives you the exact time for entry

I will post the sinal line for you but he does give you the exact time that he enters so that you can plot the line yourself so that he doesnt always have to post a chart seeing as he does not trade on mt4 and have to draw it manually.All this times he states are London time

--- 帖子 #2192 ---
EURAUD looked like an interesting short earlier

Have you guys used a 'currency strength' indicator? ie AUD looking strong, look for longs in AU, shorts in EA....

--- 帖子 #2193 ---
Chart for this trade. strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2194 ---
Thanks Rooi

I notice Strada uses a couple of 'ultra stochastic' indicators - have you tried this?

Also, what does the ASCTrend-2F do? Do you mind posting it?

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #2195 ---
Morning Punisher

Good Luck for today

--- 帖子 #2196 ---
I use to use the to use the ultra-stochs but its too much for me to look at and think about.I just want too keep my eyes on the Price Action and think about that.

Many people here use it very effectively but I stare at it

The same for the ASCTrend.I have just the 1min TF showing as the 5min can be late or early and its too much to think about again.

Do you want me to post the ASCT ?

--- 帖子 #2197 ---
I've just noticed that I traded through an EU (german) red news. This was an oversight as I'd normally close any open trades prior to news like this. Got away with it today, but not feeling so clever now, these are rules I don't like breaking.

strada.

--- 帖子 #2198 ---
yes please

Anybody go long AU just now? Looked like a good one!!!

--- 帖子 #2199 ---
A quick question if you dont mind

I went into the sell and made a couple but would you be long into that high at the moment?

If not if the high breaks would you be in or would you be waiting for now for a better signal for now?

Slightly late on the sell I know.

--- 帖子 #2200 ---
You can download it from here

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=373796

--- 帖子 #2201 ---
Break and retest of yesterdays close worked well 7.4+5.7= 13.1 using the new TP1 & TP2 thanks Rooi/Strata.

But just wandering if I should hold that TP2 until I get reverse signal as I am trading with the Trend???

Hmmm food for thought, always , always looking to improve.

--- 帖子 #2202 ---
Hi Strada

It looks like you have all same colour on Genesis and blue above red in stochs for the signal but what actually triggered the entry?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2203 ---
Price is dawdling around the DP, so I'd be very wary. London has signalled short, but the signal bar wasn't convincing in relation to the DP. However, price then reversed slightly and made no real effort to recross the DP and at the same time gave another opportunity on the 8.00am signal, would have considered entry then, but wary of london open gyrations.

strada.

--- 帖子 #2204 ---
+24 and done for today

More in it but like always Im out ealry.I will have to work on the "uncertainty" thats always in the back of ones mind

--- 帖子 #2205 ---
Hi JP, what you have outlined in your text is a clear G1m signal by my rules, so now I'm just looking for entry.

Signal bar close price + 1pip or more and I'm in, that's what did it today, in fact everyday. I hope I'm answering the Q you asked but if you want more info, just ask.

regards, strada.

@ROOI, glad to see you took the short, it worked out really well. Good result for the day, you'll be smiling now!! strada.

--- 帖子 #2206 ---
Thanks for the reply

It played out just like you said and I saw it developing like that as well but if on the open it formed a signal you would have gone long but still very very careful of it.Like always if we wait for to much confirmation then the entry is late but that will always be a headache and some days we I will trade it correctly and other I might not I suppose.Is that how you see it?

--- 帖子 #2207 ---
Some good moves just there!

Would you guys have taken this one on the dashed vertical line?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2208 ---
@rooi, nice work there

Do you often look to trade away from Pivots and SR as well?

--- 帖子 #2209 ---
Yes Rooi, if London had gone long the signal would probably have been clear from the DP and there may have been a good exit plan as long as the signal bar wasn't too long (ie causing a sizeable SL). The only thing I may have had difficulty with would have been the distance between the pre LO signal and the post LO signal.

strada.

--- 帖子 #2210 ---
Do any of you guys trade major indices? The Dax has gone bonkers this morning!!!

--- 帖子 #2211 ---
Thank you.

Yes,Worked really nicely and just working on building on the confidence and thought process.

Its nice when the opens move the market so that it gives us a chance to make the pips because the market starts to slow down after about an hour after the LO unless there is some news.

You use to trade all the way through though till just after NYO?

--- 帖子 #2212 ---
@newbies, notice how EJ and GJ have retraced all of the down move now - BE CAREFUL OUT THERE GUYS!!!!

--- 帖子 #2213 ---
I see as that would be seen as more of a continuation trade more than a "new" or "fresh" reversal signal and might not be as high a probability as we want from the original turn area?

Or why do you say that?

--- 帖子 #2214 ---
Well now you're asking! we normally say it's easy to analyse charts in hindsight but looking at the EJ chart around LO I'm not sure what I would have done there in reality.

I'm not sure if I would have seen it as continuation as the trade wouldn't have developed to that level. Because I prefer to be in a trade during the opens and always wary of entering on or immediately after the opens I may have entered a reduced stake. The one thing I would have been watching apart from the DP area would have been the previous high, any failure or weakness around that area and I would have been looking to reduce exposure or a cheap exit as that would suggest the previous hour's congestion may have been continuing.

All in hindsight so may be a load of rubbish of course!!

strada.

--- 帖子 #2215 ---
Yes.

S/R , Pivots , Big Round Numbers

But they break just as often as the can reverse PA so Im just aware of them

--- 帖子 #2216 ---
I agree its easy when looking back but the signals are important and how we choose to use them.

I have been analyzing it in the following way.

How many signals were presented in the 2-3 hours I allow myself to trade - Today it was 4

How many did I trade - I traded 3

How many would have been BE or better. - 3

Gives one a realistic idea of what could or should have been. I have so much to catch up on all the data you have collected over the years.Have you ever done stats like that or what was the statistics that help you the most?

If I did long into the high then I would have flipped my position short after the open and made back the small loss of the long - Does not always work but we dont have too much of a choice really.

Im still working on increasing my confidence to enter the signal before opens still a bit painful at the moment.Just have to change the think processes

--- 帖子 #2217 ---
@rooi and strada, would you have taken this short entry on purple line?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2218 ---
Would be a nice trade but I dont trade EA. I follow Strada's approach about trading either EJ or GU on the FO and LO but if you have the disciple and concentration then you can trade it much longer during the day

--- 帖子 #2219 ---
German GDP was being released right at FO, hence the increase in volatility.  Personally I waited for the market to calm down, then took the clear EJ short at 10:36.  I like to have trades into session opens as well, except when the open coincides with an Eco release.

--- 帖子 #2220 ---
Hi Rooi, firstly, taking 3 out of 4 possible trades and no losses, that's brilliant. As a matter of interest which one didn't you take?

Re stats, I did most of my data collating some time back when I was on 5mins and spent hours every day for months collecting material on every signal on 1min charts, I was sure there was something there but had to prove it's consistency etc. data included time, duration, price entry, biggest drawdown, maximum pip gain etc. From that I proved the reliability using some strategies and abject failure using others. Although I'm now using 2 TP's like you (previously used 3) my trading strategy and rules that I established way back then still apply today.

It was from all that data that the TP levels and SL levels were calculated. More of a business approach to the strategy rather than a simple R:R. Anyway it's still working, that's the main thing.

strada.

@Panamamike, that's exactly what I should have done too, you read it right, I didn't read it at all.

--- 帖子 #2221 ---
I book 17,9 pips after LO

nice trading all I must stop because have no eelctric and run near out of the UPS power

cheers

--- 帖子 #2222 ---
What's your daily/weekly targets?

thanks

@panamamike, fancy posting a chart and inviting us all to Panama?

--- 帖子 #2223 ---
dude good trading but you need to get on the bike quickly!!! (to generate more power!)

--- 帖子 #2224 ---
I didnt take trade 3 for many reasons but I could have taken it and the changed and filliped the position around on the next signal short

Those 4 trades are all I need for my trading for now and working on the extending my trading time maybe.

The system works well as long as there is movement but after the opens it can quite down a bit so Im trying to just get those 2-3 hours.

Your system and calculations are spot on and will forever be unless there is a real big change in the market but I doubt that will ever happen.The only time that the system wont work is if price becomes range bound in a less than 12 pip range.Anything more than 12 pips will get you to TP1 easily.

My last problem is I need to accept the BE trades better because it allows the market to run better rather than always cutting the position early.All in time.Just need to prove it to my mind over time I suppose.I just need to collect the data like you did as it gives you unshakable confidence

--- 帖子 #2225 ---
Nice trading punisher

Enjoy your day and see you tomorrow morning

--- 帖子 #2226 ---
For being aware of the news  I use this indicator

You set it up on a chart and it warns you of any news however many minutes before the news you decide

--- 帖子 #2227 ---
That's a good indi for me cause often i have problems due to news i forgot.

--- 帖子 #2228 ---
Why do i always have that alert :
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #2229 ---
Finally i used that one if some is interested for build 600+
Attached File(s)   Sonic_5 FFCal Panel (Black).mq4

53 KB
|
295 downloads

--- 帖子 #2230 ---
I dont know the indy that well.

Google the error or the go to the indicators creator in MQL editor.(if you don know how to do it just google it)

I know there are many versions of the indy available

Sorry I cant be of more hesitance

--- 帖子 #2231 ---
I think it was an error to the fact that i've a build 600+ so i took the last indi in the sonic thread.

--- 帖子 #2232 ---
Maybe.

I hope its working now

--- 帖子 #2233 ---
Yes, it's galling if you're taken out at BE then the trade develops and leaves you on the sidelines.

BUT, consider the alternatives. If you let price slip through your BE stop how far do you let it go? You may by this stage be already in a signalled reverse move, not only are you losing money, you've denied yourself the opportunity of making profit on the reversal.

Plus preserving your capital in this way is as good as a good trade, it is a "position".

Very often when you're taken out at BE the signal that took you into the trade initially will have broken down. If the move re-establishes itself it's quite likely that a new signal will form giving you the opportunity to re-enter either the full trade or just the TP that exited at BE.

All in all, over the term, I've found it a very beneficial rule, but it still hurts when I'm out and the trade goes on to great profit. Sometimes I do break the rule and allow a little flexibility on those days when I think I'm smarter than the market. Invariably I get a sore backside!!

Strada.

@ Jonnypants ~ daily "target" is around 20 but I'm flexible on that, some days I have to settle for +1, and do my best not to have any losing days. Strict believer in the market will only give what it wants to give, so it's up to me to manage my trades within those parameters.

--- 帖子 #2234 ---
Another nice little winner GBPCHF top trender both 1min and 5 min so took a nice pullback entry 28.2 pips total.

Top Trender working really well today

--- 帖子 #2235 ---
An alert for when the top position matches on both time frames would be a great addition.

--- 帖子 #2236 ---
Looks like a GBPAUD reversal is on the cards looking for next pullback for an entry  break of 1.7875 resistance was nice, but they are so easy looking back aren't they???? LOL

--- 帖子 #2237 ---
Nice idea, thats what I like about these forums exchanging ideas, its great.

How about if any of top 3 are the same??? Bear in mind the chart will be flying when you look so wait for first pullback before entering or I suppose you could use a breakout entry , but I am not a keen breakout man its all about retracement for me.

Will check it out with my main man Ted see what he thinks??

--- 帖子 #2238 ---
This pullback is shaping up nicely looking for it to pull back to the 1.7875 level yesterdays close and strong resistance this morning so a reaction there would be worth a punt with a tight stop too nicely protected.

Of course it might go before that but I prefer to have a solid stop placement if I can, depends what the move up looks like also a bit wary of entering too close to the daily pivot and the BRN that could be asking for trouble. I like price to take a few steps back before attacking a strong resistance level like this gives me a chance to get to BE before it hits trouble.

Just my two pennyworth.

--- 帖子 #2239 ---
Had a go but it didn't react fast enough for me so closed it out for 0.4 pips better to get out if it don't go!!! I was expected it to go with force not dribble so once it was obvious then get out.

Will wait now for it to come down to my level 1.7875 see if it reacts there , will watch tick box to see what happens. If I don't see positve reaction there then forget it no one else is watching it.

--- 帖子 #2240 ---
I do try and implement it and must focus on it more.

Thanks for the advice and your time

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2241 ---
EURNZD top of trenders so took 13.8 pips out with the trend then stole another 10 as it came back, jut couldn't resist it. noyt my usual way like to trade with the trend but it just looked so toppy.

--- 帖子 #2242 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2243 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2244 ---
Morning, GU today and the grass on the other side looks a whole lot greener!

--- 帖子 #2245 ---
Morning Strada

Yip.I missed the boat this morning ( watched it develop )

Stuck with sitting on my hands for now

--- 帖子 #2246 ---
18.4 pips and to work now.

Rooi you are doing great  And all the others off course

--- 帖子 #2247 ---
Hi HuskyBoy

Nice trading

Hope you have a good weekend

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2248 ---
+10 and stopping here as I am happy with my weeks results

Wishing everyone a good weekend

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2249 ---
Congrats Rooi and hope you have an amazing weekend!

--- 帖子 #2250 ---
Thanks and the same to you

--- 帖子 #2251 ---
Hi Rooi, Iwas in the same trade, decided to abandon GU. I was short but all the time thinking GU is unlikely to go anywhere before testing the number above and also looking like staying in its overnight tight range. Managed to get a BE close on GU and a slightly late but good entry on the same EJ trade you did, now out and in profit for the day, will put charts on later.

strada.

--- 帖子 #2252 ---
Glad you were able to get out of the GU with no loss and make some pips on the EJ

Like you said the GU been very tight today and certainly tight for a while in recent weeks even tough you were able to make some pips of it in the week.

Thanks for sharing you trades and charts

Hope you have a good spring weekend

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2253 ---
Looking for the pair that is coming out of the gate the fastest GBPNZD,EURNZD,GBPAUD but  a bit worried as they  are heading towards yesterdays highs so might be better to wait for a break and retest of yesterdays highs or even a reversal here.  This could be todays high too.

Best to just wait and see what happens .

--- 帖子 #2254 ---
Charts for today's trades, good weekend everyone, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2255 ---
Afternoon all,

Break even on EJ long shortly after LO then made entry on GU with the plan to follow it up to BRN shorty after LO

Paid off for +14.9

I had just finished reading your post Strada about GU in tight range and you thinking it will creep to the BRN before a short would be viable.

That worked for me

Cheers

Anthm

--- 帖子 #2256 ---
As there is now lot of focus on finding volatile contracts, perhaps you might like to add UsdTry to your list......as its a European TZ pair, that's when it moves......and how ......its ADR is ~twice that of any of the ones on your current list....

PS: I bought again in the 7:09 bar looking for a move back up above this morning's high....

PSS: took partials at +50 as price retested yesterday's high....SL to +25 on remainder

PSSS: closed remainder on stop and that concludes my morning's trading

--- 帖子 #2257 ---
Hi Anthm, how are you?

nice trade on GU, should have known that after I abandoned GU it made its move. I may have had more losses on it though so think I did the right thing switching. Anyway well done on your trade. Did you take the short afterwards, fairly hefty SL so you may have left it?

Good to see you, all the best, strada.

--- 帖子 #2258 ---
Hi Strada I am good thank you, apart form my broken hand of course but its on the mend.

No I did not take the short after. I actually took +18 on the Tokyo open GJ, that combined with the +15 long on GU just now I thought I would rest on my Laurels.

Paper trading at the moment but it seems to be steady.

Still wont be full swing for a few weeks yet.

Have a good weekend

Anthm

--- 帖子 #2259 ---
Open question here to all 1 min traders,

How do you decide on stops or if you manually manage it when do you decide to jump ship???

I've been playing with exiting on reverse signal win or lose so as an example, when I buy a pullback I enter when first green HA candle is taken out, exit therefore will be when a red candle appears and is taken out.  Basically I am exiting when 1 min momentum swings against my trade.

--- 帖子 #2260 ---
Bugger I missed this one, like the look of this as could be going down big time with break of yesterdays low and a 15 min turn over, oh well wait for the pullback I guess.

--- 帖子 #2261 ---
Got in on next pullback like this sort of entry as my original stop was well protected behind 139.00 and yesterdays low.

Gonna try to hold thi one as looks like a good place to sell it and its a 15 min LH.

Problem is my BE stop is wrong side of BRN and yesterdays low so in danger of getting knocked off whereas the earlier entry before those levels would be a great place for a BE stop, oh well serves me right for taking my eye off the ball.

--- 帖子 #2262 ---
Hey cliff, what result achieved your trade?

--- 帖子 #2263 ---
I have been been demo trading USDTRY this week.  It seems fairly technically clean.  Since you have been trading it for a while now, any comments on its intraday characteristics?

--- 帖子 #2264 ---
Hi Jeffray

As per usual when I try to hold a trade it went up about 10 pips then came back and stopped me out at BE.

Funny thing is yesterday if I had held half my entries I would of made hundreds of pips. Its almost like the market knows when I'm holding and knows when I'm folding.

I am constantly working on improving my strategies and how I carry them out so looking to make changes for Monday.

Basically I am going to bank half after 8-10 pips , when the momentum subsides from first push. Will watch tick box for a stall.

Then move other half to BE and leave it to run or stop out at BE. Will hold until 1 min trend ends eg trail up HL's or trail down LH's until stopped out. Might even add on if signals carry on.

Well thats the plan but will I have the discipline to follow it through?? Now as we all know,when it comes to trading,  thats the million dollar question!!!!

--- 帖子 #2265 ---
Gentlemen, let me remind you that we have a bank holidayn Monday, here, in Turkey. Just for your information.

--- 帖子 #2266 ---
My only comment would be about the spread. I only checked one of my brokers yesterday afternoon but it was a 6 pip spread, that would count me out.

Anthm

--- 帖子 #2267 ---
Hmmmmmm.....what time of day was that? My broker never had a spread wider than 3 pips. Perhaps it widened out after Lindon Close on a Friday; I can't say because I don't trade Friday afternoon.

--- 帖子 #2268 ---
Hi clivepackham

I'm looking for your indi Trend CCI but with out sucess.

Can you share it on this forum? Thanks

--- 帖子 #2269 ---
good morning Rooi and all !!

last Friday whole day  no electric, have to change the cable.

so I go to hotel over the weekend.

now will powerful start the new week :-)

wish you all a green week

cheers

--- 帖子 #2270 ---
Good Morning Punisher and all

I hope so too.

GL Mr Punisher

--- 帖子 #2271 ---
ui that's a quick start

I see the resistance and open a short near close from the first red candle on that

I have a automatic TP and SL order at my Trade and immediately before I can babysit my Trade was a fill of +10 pips

thanks the market

have all a good day, I will go and let You all the profitable Trades for the Day :-)

cheers

--- 帖子 #2272 ---
Nicely done

--- 帖子 #2273 ---
Hi Hitman,

Here you go hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #2274 ---
- 18 so far

But lets see whats next.

Exited out of second trade because of fear of news.

Might not be any more opportunity for me for today

--- 帖子 #2275 ---
I had more luck this morning :
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2276 ---
+ 22.2

--- 帖子 #2277 ---
WOW

Nicely done.

Is this still Demo or are you trading live this week?

--- 帖子 #2278 ---
Nicely done HuskyBoy

glad to see you around a bit more  recently again

--- 帖子 #2279 ---
Still demo, i'm waiting to see if my trading is perfect or not.

--- 帖子 #2280 ---
wow 10 lots

--- 帖子 #2281 ---
I agree.

Looks like a nice clean breakout system.

Thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #2282 ---
Yes, that's the challenge.

--- 帖子 #2283 ---
Just Following those indicators to guide you before any direction not after that

though  Volume indicators can guide you in this regard

Have a nice trading

--- 帖子 #2284 ---
if that was real money to start with i wouldn't enter with 10 lots, just my opinion

--- 帖子 #2285 ---
That's the reason why when i start on real i'll use a cent account

--- 帖子 #2286 ---
to my job now, maybe back later

--- 帖子 #2287 ---
Oh well packing it in for today.

No point in throwing more money at it to day.

See you guys tomorrow

--- 帖子 #2288 ---
My Genesis matrix last line is always red....? Dont know why!!

I am out with exactly 17.9 pips on this one

--- 帖子 #2289 ---
Try what i explained in the other post

--- 帖子 #2290 ---
Just as Im typing this I get my signal

+ 8

So -10 for today

See you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #2291 ---
Check the last posts in this thread

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...26#post7474626

--- 帖子 #2292 ---
good job

--- 帖子 #2293 ---
good morning Rooi and all !!

OK Rooi, you will change that to green today

cheers

--- 帖子 #2294 ---
Reminder : German PPI released at FO.

--- 帖子 #2295 ---
Morning Punisher and all

I hope so to

GL

--- 帖子 #2296 ---
+10.5

--- 帖子 #2297 ---
[quote=Rooi;7479277]+10.5 {image}[/quote

Morning all, nice trading

--- 帖子 #2298 ---
Morning HuskyBoy

Thanks

GL

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2299 ---
today my first Trade was red candle, hope can see in the pic there it is a yellow bar in the white heiken ashi, from resistance pullback, but PA not move much and come back so I out at BE.

second Trade same, but more confidence as Genesis also agree, but the News in front I have my daily goal only at TP, so I banking  a 2.9 pip.

hmm the old rule the chart have right also before News.

there was a lot more, but OK yesterday the market give me a  lot so I say thanks.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2300 ---
Yeah Rooi

You make it better then I on this point

cheers

--- 帖子 #2301 ---
Nicely done and you had a good day yestrday

--- 帖子 #2302 ---
I traded after the news

PS-I sent you a PM

--- 帖子 #2303 ---
Thanks for the heads up took EJ after the break-out as it was 1 bar before my set-up, but bailed out before TP, let's see what the GB CPI will bring.

--- 帖子 #2304 ---
That right and the save way !

I'm fine thanks, reply to You.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2305 ---
!5.4 in the bank and another  48.7 on hold, now holding for a push up the page but trailing stops below each level until stopped out , could be a nice little earner today.

--- 帖子 #2306 ---
I think what I need to do is, focus on 2 pairs and take all my signals this GU was a bad call for me as I entered on candle close but didn't take the subsequent signals.

--- 帖子 #2307 ---
Great!

you must traded before FO, guess the 8 top trending made the choice easy for you?

--- 帖子 #2308 ---
Okay I see it was after FO but seems you were buying when the HA bar was red, I guess your set-up would have been to wait for a pullback/retest of the 25MA?

I've not been using the 8 Top trending indie cos most times I don't catch the trend from the start, but when I install 1 or more screens I'd be able to watch better.

Have a great day at work.

--- 帖子 #2309 ---
Just afterFO just traded the pullback retest of BRN and break of last high got a bit shaky as looked like it was struggling to take out last high so cashed in my chips for a total of 65.9 pips so pleased with that.

Yep just looked at top trenders but also I like to see them scoring over 40 too, it was also supported by, I guess, some bad news from Aud so bit of a post news trade.

As usual soon as I close out price bounds up the page, but I'm getting use to that now just glad I've bagged some pips today.

By the way does anyone know how to get the emotive smiling faces back?? Doesn't appear to come up any more when I post?????

--- 帖子 #2310 ---
Very nicely done

Hope you dont mind me asking but are those live trades or demo?

--- 帖子 #2311 ---
AUD dropped like a rock. I will note that >40 score; I think the EA tool has been replaced by AUTO TRADING so you may need to click on it when the smile turns to a frown.

I missed my GU buy signal, so done for today.

--- 帖子 #2312 ---
No of course I don't mind, its demo at the moment as experimenting with some new strategies on the 1 min charts, but looking to go live again next week if I get some positive results this week.

Basically I am trying to catch the London breakout trades by taking entries in the strongest trending pair through the London open. My theory is whichever 100 lwma is sloping the steepest then thats where the London money is going so jump on board grab a handful of pips with the first push then hold 2nd TP until the trend finishes.

Well thats the theory, But as I aptly demonstrated this morning and as the chart below shows, even on demo its hard to hold until the trend ends. If I had held I would of been close to 130 pips up (had 2 trades open) and still holding.

Trouble is you have so many trades that don't go and you see all your profit disappear, that when you do catch one its hard to hold it???

Oh well work in progress but when I do go live will start my own thread,rather than post all over yours, and fully intend to post a trade explorer so everyone can see how hard it is. LOL.

--- 帖子 #2313 ---
Feel free to post here as often as you want.

Very nice trading.

I suggest to keep your winner and scale out as well if you like that sort of thing.Im working on keeping my winner as well

I did trade a trend system in the past and I can suggest that you split your trade in 2 positions of 0.05 each = 0.1

Then TP 1 = 8 pips @ 0.5

TP 2 then gets split into 5 X 0.01 lots

For example

TP 2.1 = 10 pips

TP 2.2 = 12 pips

TP 2.3 = 15 pips

TP 2.4 = 20 pips

TP 2.5 = a reversal of the MA's or change of CCI

You will have a lot of BE trades though that is just how it is with trend trading IMHO

All tps are relative to your SL

TP1 should equal your SL at the very least to give you a minimum of 1:1 R:R

BUT , there is plenty to consider as should be relative to the ATR of the pair your trading (plenty of back testing though )

Just my 2 cents and please feel free to ignore it completely.

--- 帖子 #2314 ---
Hi Condor,

Please could you post a copy of the 1 click trading EA, I'd like to experiment with it, thanks.

--- 帖子 #2315 ---
Thanks Rooi ,Why would I ignore it???

In fact on the contrary, I very much appreciate you taking the time to answer, (would put a smiley face here if I could find the little buggers???? Any idea how to get them back????)

No I really appreciate it but if you don't trade with the trend, which I think is very dangerous on any time frame never mind the 1 min, how do you decide on a trade??? Is it when the 15 min turns over?? Then look for a trade in same direction???

The reason I am always looking to hold is quite simply that I believe the secret to being a succesful trader is not so much the correct strategy, I've seen many successful ones, but in fact money management and making sure your winners are bigger than your losers, in fact a lot bigger than your losers.

The optimum of that of course is to enter with a 1 min stop in the direction of the daily trend, 20 pip stop, 1000 pip run???? To that end I am changing my top trenders to show the 1 min top trender alongside the daily top trender and when they agree , hey presto, a runner!!!!

Well thats the theory anyway. (now wheres those bloody emotions need a dreamy face????)

--- 帖子 #2316 ---
I will write a reply in about 2 hours.

Just have have to run out for a bit

Sorry about that

--- 帖子 #2317 ---
???

I've no one click EA, the only thing i use is metetrader's oneclick trading.

--- 帖子 #2318 ---
Hi Clive, hope you don't mind me joining in this discussion, you raise some important points worthy of some open discussion.

Trend is a very large part of many traders' decision making process, and understandably so. However, it doesn't have the same level of importance to everyone. I for one rarely ever use it.

Let me say straight away here, that does not make either of us wrong, it just means we have different perspectives and trading mentalities both of which could be as good (or bad) as each other.

Everyone has to somehow prove that whatever method/strategy they intend to use is going to be profitable. As you said, your winners have to yield more than your losers. So we all achieve our chosen strategies with this common goal. BUT, we all do this differently. Many will do it as you have chosen, ie using trend in the belief that your entries will have a decent probability of profit. As I said earlier there is nothing wrong with that, I have no criticism to make. If you can create a consistent profitable strategy around this criteria and it is working for you, you're comfortable with it, then you've cracked it, you will enjoy profitable trading.

The point to be made here is that "trading with trend" isn't the only way, it isn't exclusive to profitable trading, there will always be numerous ways to trade any good method some of which will be very adaptable and others that may well respond better to trending markets, S&R, Pivots etc.. In much the same way as some will say you can't make profit trading 1min you have to trade daily or 4hour charts etc., it really is up to the individual to find their own comfort level with trading and that will come in as many varieties as there are people. It doesn't run that only one way can be right.

The only "wrong" methods/strategies are those that consistently lose money.

Developing a strategy for consistent profit on 1m t/f isn't easy, it has some very distinct characteristics and behaviour which all has to be factored in. You are clearly working hard to find the optimum strategy for you based on trend, I'm sure you'll succeed with that and I wish you every success with it.

strada.

--- 帖子 #2319 ---
Hi Strada

Hope all is well

Thanks for the post about 1min trading,I would have said something very similar but it sounds much better coming from you with a lot more experience and much better performance

@ Clive

The only thing I will add is to look for a pattern or setup that happens often and build around it.Be very specific with it so you can test the edge you are creating.The more vague one is about entries and exits the more frustrating it becomes.I see often you get frustrated because of the BE trades.If you are very specific about what you want the trade to do it will be less frustrating and you will accept that it is a necessary evil.I for one at the moment hate BE trades and have to accept that I will kill winners early Im not willing to risk the profit I have.It will change over time but like I said we need to be very specific about what decisions we make .

Wishing you all the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2320 ---
first long stopped out -14, second trade out at BE, went out to my job when i placed the SL; could have recovered some pips

--- 帖子 #2321 ---
Hi Strata and Rooi

Thanks guys for your comments its much appreciated. (would have a little clapper emocion here if only  I could)

But no one as answered my biggest query ????

HOW DO I GET MY EMOCIONS BACK?????? (Smiley pulling out hair in frustration!!!)

--- 帖子 #2322 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2323 ---
good morning Rooi and all !!

have in ~30 min press conference from BOJ

cheers

--- 帖子 #2324 ---
Morning All

Thanks Punisher but thats the problem that tool bar you show is no longer there???? None of it, no edit bar whatsoever??? Use to be but not any more??

Thanks for trying but have left message with admin see if they can fathom it out???

But thanks for trying. (smiley face with thumb sticking up)

--- 帖子 #2325 ---
How do you know its 30 mins FF calender showing "Tentative" still??

--- 帖子 #2326 ---
Clive

I got a question for an indicator you posted earlier called the clive trend cci. In properties I've set the zero cross alert to true however no alert was triggered. Do you know what could be the issue?

BTW. I am looking for a pullback entry on the gbpusd to grab a few pips before high impact news

thanks

--- 帖子 #2327 ---
my indi show that

cheers

--- 帖子 #2328 ---
ok have my $ in the Bank

I wish you all a great day !

cheers

--- 帖子 #2329 ---
+9.4

--- 帖子 #2330 ---
I trade the push through and you trade the pull back.

Nicely done Punisher

enjoy your day

--- 帖子 #2331 ---
Hmm, that's strenght

my browser is firefox 29.0.1 and I have win 8.1 Pro

may a update will help or check first other Browser may can show that edit bar, if it is in your setting then logout and try as Guest you have the edit bar?

good luck

cheers

--- 帖子 #2332 ---
year !!  most we have that trading style and both are successful

thanks and a good day  and hope see you all tomorrow.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2333 ---
FYI.....from ForexLive....

3 minutes ago | May 21st, 2014 06:32:20 GMT
BOJ’s Kuroda says positive cycle in economy is working
http://0.gravatar.com/avatar/e3b47e9...4&d=retro&r=PGby Mike Paterson

The BOJ presser has begunfinancial conditions are accomodative in Japan see Japan’s moderate recovery continuing will remain on track after sales tax hike consumer prices to hit 2% goal around middle of forecast period

--- 帖子 #2334 ---
Hi GKAWA22

Sorry but I don't use the alarm myself just use it visually to confirm a pullback and watch for momentum to reverse durring a pullback, its not an indy that Ted coded so not sure what the problem could be??

As for getting into GBPUSD early before news release, yep like that idea as quite often it moves in direction of news spike , my theory is that Bank traders have some pre-news data so are taking positions early. Just my personal theory don't rely on it.

Also GBPUSD trades very well off of daily pivot , 200sma and the 25 levels, again I think its the banks traders. I see its just retesting 200sma, could be a nice entry with tight stop behind 200sma???

--- 帖子 #2335 ---
Morning Captain

Nice to see you about again

Hope all is well

--- 帖子 #2336 ---
done for today, working now  but its very pleasant to start a day like today

--- 帖子 #2337 ---
pullback and retest of yesterdays low if JPY strength continues on back of BOJ statement could be a good day.

--- 帖子 #2338 ---
Nope that didn't work out but no damage stopped out BE.

--- 帖子 #2339 ---
Hi Rooi - all is good thanks.   As I have followed the volatility and now focus on trading this beastie - which needs a lot of research and respect - I don't feel its appropriate to post much anymore......here you can see what I mean.......trading without stops and spreads that can be more than 30 pips.....

--- 帖子 #2340 ---
Well Gkawa22????

Did you buy close to 200sma this morning??? Hope so???

It was a nice little trade as retesting 200sma and stop well protected below yesterdays low, 200sma and daily pivot.Doesn't get much better really, unfortunately I got distracted by JPY pairs coming to top of my top trender indy so missed it all.

If you did get in though now the question is , do you move to BE and hold through news hoping for a positive GBP news???

--- 帖子 #2341 ---
Isn't it nice when you call a trade, do nothing about it, then watch it pan out exactly as you said???????

--- 帖子 #2342 ---
Missed out on all the big moves but just had time for a pinch of +5

--- 帖子 #2343 ---
morning all

--- 帖子 #2344 ---
Good Morning everyone especially you Rooi!

--- 帖子 #2345 ---
Good Morning Rooi and everyone !!

thanks for you to open this thread Rooi ! it is fantastic how the EURJPY react most of the time at FO and LO.

I can spend more time at the beach, because of successful near anytime early. today will also spend time in the nightlife :-)

have all a good green day

here my work for today

--- 帖子 #2346 ---
Nicely done.

I missed the boat down and now fighting for scraps

Enjoy your day

--- 帖子 #2347 ---
Morning all.

Hey Punisher, is that you done for the day then 6.2 pips??? Is that your goal, just one winning trade per day and off to the beach??? Awesome discipline if it is.

What happens if first trade is a loser???

Have a nice day at the beach.

--- 帖子 #2348 ---
First one of the day 7.0 pips and a BE.

Gonna hang around for some more unlike some skivers I could mention, off to the beach!!!!!

Only kidding wish I had the same discipline.

--- 帖子 #2349 ---
i also missed that train, finished and to my job now. Interesting question there Clivepackham and curious for the answer

--- 帖子 #2350 ---
Fighting for scraps ???? From what? The meal has not been served; in fact that was not even an appetizer, merely some welcoming finger foods.

--- 帖子 #2351 ---
Your right.

That's a negative way to see it.

Lets see where we go from here.

--- 帖子 #2352 ---
Seems the results are excellent, I never traded on 1min chart. I prefer to use min 15min chart.

--- 帖子 #2353 ---
+7.1 and throwing in the towel for today.

LO down spike was too fast

Enjoy your day guys

--- 帖子 #2354 ---
Poorer than forecast French Mfg PMI at LO spiked € down 20 pips ....mixed German PMI and its back up again......

--- 帖子 #2355 ---
Euro zone composite PMI in 10 mins, GBP GDP in 40 mins.  Should set our direction thereafter.

--- 帖子 #2356 ---
+16 on the next trade (+23 for the day )

Must start being more active in my trading hours but can be very frustrating to lose what you made in the opens

What I have noticed is there is from 2 - 6 swings and signals in that period of time that I trade and  must just learn to build the confidence to trade it

Lots of confidence building to do.Look at Strada.He traded the whole Euro session for about 10 years on the 1min TF and was able to be positive 99% of the days he traded. Just practice practice practice

--- 帖子 #2357 ---
Yep so far so good for me too,waiting for GBP news to pass so thought I'd post my results today +14.9-3.7+7.0=18.2 at 1% per pips thats 18.2% growth today.

Like you Rooi I am getting more confident by the minute,(pardon my pun) trading these 1 minute charts so looking forward to next week and trying it "live".

Gonna trade the news if its a large differential.

--- 帖子 #2358 ---
Nicely done.

You guys trade very aggressively with 1 pip = 1% of the account?

--- 帖子 #2359 ---
He did say it was demo.  If trading live like that, perhaps a small micro account looking to run it quick and hard, otherwise a sure recipe for a blown account.

--- 帖子 #2360 ---
Yea I guess I am just trying to make money fast,hence the 1 minute timeframe. I try to only take AAA+ rated entries and cut my losers very quickly. I try to only ever lose 10 pips max and very often cut them before that soon as they turn against my trade idea.

It would be nice to just make 10 pips per day equals 10% then call it a day like our friend punisher does. Its all about personal discipline I guess which is very important just like money management.

Talking about money management thats another key thing to only trade 1% of your outstanding balance, win or lose, that way you can guarantee you won't blow your account as its absolutely impossible to run out of money that way. You could trade and lose every trade for the rest of your life and still not run out of money. Sure it gets pretty small after say 20 losers in a row, but one would like to think you would review your strategy before that happens??? LOL. (still no smiley faces!!!)

The piont is if your trading strategy has a positive edge you should make nice returns no matter how much you risk. That being said I am considering reducing it to say 0.2% per pip to help with the emotions, in fact when I go live will probably start off using 0.2% per pip and work it up as I get more confident.

Mind you, saying that, yesterday I had a tremendous afternoon and doubled my demo account, took some riskier trades though but then thats what its all about with demo trying out different entries etc. Been trying out lots of different things this week but slowly slowly its all coming together nicely. Gonna keep it simple for next week , write out my rules and stick to them like glue.

Well thats the plan, but as we all know its one thing to write out a good trading plan but another thing altogether to actually trade it!!!

Anyway sounds like you are getting it together nicely, how do you decide when to stop? When is enough enough for you???

--- 帖子 #2361 ---
In negative territory for now but will fight on missed some opportunity for recovery though, all my fault

--- 帖子 #2362 ---
Nailed it, but could have taken more, still in deficit over all but would have been differnt if I'd not missed the long after the first 2 losses. will see what NYO has in store.

Hey does anyone have an indicator that allows STICK TO YOUR RULES cos I violated mine on the first trade.

--- 帖子 #2363 ---
I don't know but I have one if you find one. LOL

--- 帖子 #2364 ---
Maybe a new brain ?

--- 帖子 #2365 ---
That's one thing that cuts me to shreds, exiting before my SL and seeing price turn and blow past my TP; then there is that occasional jumping the gun and not keeping to the rules.

--- 帖子 #2366 ---
Hi Clive

You are very right about the process of it, if your strategy has an edge you will be able to make nice returns.There is nothing wrong with being aggressive and trading with 10% of your capital per trade. If you have $1000 and trade 1 % of your account at 10 pips stop your risk is $10 so $1 per pip

But if you have a $1000 dollars in your account for trading and you take 10% of the account and put it in a a trading account it is $100 and trade it 10% risk it also works out to $1 per pip but your growth is much faster right, with less risk on your money in the bank but more risk on the amount in trading account using leverage.

Your thinking to yourself I know this Rooi and Im sure you do.

So why are we not all billionaires? Because of the pain it causes us when we lose 10% of the account.

Why does it cause us pain? Because we have not tested our system to the point where we can trust it enough to get us through the doubt of making the next trade.

If one can trade for a year using the same system on the same market and produce a certain outcome and work out the draw down and the different stats about the system and your trading then the sky is the limit but we need that trade setup or system that we can rinse and repeat trades.

I always think a lot of us have it backward we want to risk too much with too little knowledge and then it frustrates us.We could have been building a better system and testing it properly rather than being frustrated by watching an account see-saw up and down.How many years are you planning on trading?I plan on trading till just before I die and so what is 1 or 2 years really when building a system that you know like the back of your hand and can truly leverage to its full potential.

I trade 2 positions at a disaster stop of 15pip ( 2X15 =30) @2.5 % of my account.Looking to one day trade it at 5% of the account but will have to get there slowly

Just my babels - Badly calculated risks spell disaster no matter what industry or environment

PS- Corrected all my grammar mistakes

--- 帖子 #2367 ---
Yes I too have been following your risk model with 10% across 2 trades but the problem I have with that is a loser costs me both trades say 10% but just half winning returns 5% if I get a 10 pip winner which is a 0.5RR which is not too hot.

I am sure we have to get bigger winners than our losers to be successful traders.

That makes me question this whole scalping mentality that people have of just grabbing a handful of pips per trade. I like the small stops on 1 minute but really want to hold them longer to get the bigger RR, not easy as you know because half the time price comes back and knocks us out for BE.

I am sure the secret lies in trading with the trend and holding until the trend ends, also good times to enter 1 min is after a drive one way say 100 plus pips then catch the first reversal pullback , that way we could get 70 plus pips a typical fib pullback of the original 100pip move down.

Do you ever look back at your days entries to see how far they have run after you exited???

I think it would be cool if we could work out a method to enter on the 1 min looking for a longer hold on TP2, like I say I think it is something like entering on first pullback after a reversal of the 1 min trend, 15min CCI turn. Maybe if we identify the 15min CCI turn is a HL or LH then we should hold the first 1 min entry???

Just a thought.

--- 帖子 #2368 ---
Nice trading

--- 帖子 #2369 ---
Just thought I would quickly add to my last post that entering at Yesterdays high or low quite often starts a reversal move back with the daily trend, that could be worth looking into.

Heres an indy that marks yesterdays high,low and close price, might help.

--- 帖子 #2370 ---
Heres an example of price reacting off of yesterdays low on GBPAUD today already gone up about 50 pips , wander where it will finish at end of today???

--- 帖子 #2371 ---
Heres a thought for anyone who might be interested, every daily candle low or high must start with a 1 minute trend reversal, the problem is which one??

But theres not that many in a day, they are basically 15 min CCI turns or whatever your favourite indy is quite often overbought or oversold indys as per example attached when my 15min CCI becomes oversold.

Now theres gonna be a whole load of false starts and many break even trades but surely its gotta be worth trying to find a Daily candles low or top with a small 1 min stop and maybe a 168 pip reward????

I am going to look at some daily charts that are trending strongly one way then wait for a pullback day, then try to watch out for the 15 min cci turn back with the daily trend. Could catch a nice tight entry and hold on a strong daily trend, now that would be a nice RR worth trying for.

Just think about it, every days high or low must be a 1 min reversal, now all we gotta do is find the little so and so's. (Big daydreamer smiley)

--- 帖子 #2372 ---
Last post on this idea, gonna start my own thread as its bad manners to keep posting on someone else'e thread although Rooi very kindly says he doesn't mind.

Two charts below  first one shows the top 8 daily trenders using a 10lwma slope to compare. As you can see GBPCHF is 3rd in the list so look for a 15 min CCI buy signal(oversold best) then buy the first couple of 1 min CCI signals, there are 6  to choose from on lower chart.

Checkout lower chart of the GBPCHF 1 min looks very tasty after the 15 min cci signal doesn't it???

Of course they are so easy to see after the fact aren't they??? I tend to get these right every time. (Smiley man rolling around on floor holding his sides)

But seriously I am going to look for 15 min CCI signals in those top 8 trenders see if I can buy or sell the daily low or high and hold for the day. Might even hold for 2 or 3 days depends how the daily trend goes, probably trail up each 15 min HL or LH until stopped out.

Will be entering with tight stops and go to BE very quickly like 3 pips so risk will be off the table very quickly. Will get a lot of BE's I am sure and a couple of losses too but just imagine if I catch a couple and they go several hundred pips???

Now thats what I call a sensible RR.

--- 帖子 #2373 ---
How can I set 15min CCI on 1min chart, It's interesting to me that "every days high or low must be a 1 min reversal" as you said. Hopefully you will reply to me. Thank you

--- 帖子 #2374 ---
Morning All

--- 帖子 #2375 ---
Someone talked of a pill

Good morning everyone, EU dropped some before I could set up, waiting for the news.

--- 帖子 #2376 ---
A bit slow and groggy this morning

Closed my whole order this morning by accident  when trying to access the panel to adjust the the lost size to take partials

Lest see where we go from here

--- 帖子 #2377 ---
Thank you, following on the heels of Strada and you.

Guess this is an example of what Strada meant when he said he likes entering a move before Fo?

--- 帖子 #2378 ---
Yip

MY signal bar was at 7:11 as well  but is 19 min before I start trading so not a valid trade from me unforunately

--- 帖子 #2379 ---
An easy +6 here could have been +10

--- 帖子 #2380 ---
Very quiet?? Everyone waiting for the  BOJ press conference ????

Calm before the storm????

--- 帖子 #2381 ---
+6.1 and that's me for the week.

Brain a bit fried today
http://static.rcgroups.net/forums/at...f?d=1190427676

Good weekend all

--- 帖子 #2382 ---
Some more scalping +4 total 10 done for the day  could have held for more but seems a range about to play.

My new daily minimum target is +8 which gives me 7.5% (high leverage high risk high reward)

Nice weekend to you all!

--- 帖子 #2383 ---
Morning all, yes the brain was definitely getting a bit fried earlier, but that's GU, at least it was for me today. Charts below says it all I think. Hope others were on a different pair or waited until the decent move around 8.30. My charts are 1 hour behind London).

This is how the day started ~
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And this is how it finished....................fortunately ~
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Good weekend to everyone, long one here in UK for Whitsun, see you Tuesday. strada.

--- 帖子 #2384 ---
Morning folks

@strada, great trading! may I ask which broker you use?Reason being I have a subtlety different chart and indies (ie look at the colour of the Genesis and trend squares)  This is pepperstone....
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thanks and have a great weekend all!

--- 帖子 #2385 ---
Hi JP, the Mt4 (FXCM) charts I post aren't my actual trading charts, they're solely for the G1m signals. I always have 4 active platforms primed for trading (2 dedicated for trading and 2 back-up) and I'll use the charts (non MT4) from one of them combined with broker's pricing for all trading decisions and activity. Think the signal you illustrated was same as the FXCM though.

strada.

--- 帖子 #2386 ---
Thanks for reply, definitely slight differences - I have changed my colour to white too (10:14 on my chart is actually 8:14 uk time)

Spot the differences!!!

Your chart:
Attached Image

My chart:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Notice how my 5min trend is still showing white on the vertical line.....

Also the 5th and 6th minutes previously I am still seeing white squares on the bottom part of the genesis indicator....whereas yours are red!

--- 帖子 #2387 ---
Hi Strada

Thanks as always for your charts.Ive been thinking you might have traded GU a couple of times this week.

Im sorry to see it was a bit tricky but Im always glad to see charts like these from you.So much I still have  to lean in consolidating markets and your charts are a big help to see how you handle it.

Hope you  have a good long weekend.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2388 ---
Would you have flipped you trade here or maybe let it go.

I know it hindsight but what do you think?

Thanks for your time

--- 帖子 #2389 ---
Hi Rooi, I wouldn't have flipped exactly. I would almost certainly have been out of the long before the short signal formed using the bar prior to the short signal bar, possibly even the one before that. I would have then entered the short after the signal.

After the decent run down through the pivot and after it had been straddling it for a while I would have been looking for a possible reversal back towards the pivot but as it was some distance away I'd also be considering any retrace as possible congestion also. And of course a continuation of the current prevailing move.  I would therefore be looking at exits in that situation and when we get bars closing the other side of the MA and changing colour like it did, then I have to consider whether I still want to be in the trade (the long, that is).

Good weekend to you too. strada.

--- 帖子 #2390 ---
I see now. Im working on that best exit part of it as it can save a lot of pips.

You did it very well in GU this morning.I would have been down a lot more than you were.

Thanks for your time

Rooi

:nerd:

--- 帖子 #2391 ---
hi clivepackham, sorry for delay but after the curfew here I can't come home in time at Thursday and stay by friend and we make at Friday a fishing trip.

to your ?, I check in the morning the market, my timezone is now +7 GMT.

so after lunch I try to catch the time around FO  and if I have a  loss I will check for more good entry's in the time frame to LO and after may one hour.

the good one on the M1 TF is you have many entry's in a short time.

but you right the discipline is the thing I work hard on that !

my goal per month is  only 36 pips, so I have no pressing to do a trade every day.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2392 ---
I'm just a bit curious

With how many Lots do you trade a trade ?

Because, when I would make a living out of forex and I would trade one standard lot, I need at least something around 30 pips a day :nerd:

On the other hand, if I would trade 10 lots, then 3-5 pips a day would be more than enough. But I would need an account of min. 100k

--- 帖子 #2393 ---
Hi jtrade4u,

Bit late replying as busy weekend and only just saw your post.

You can put a 15 min cci on your 1 min screen very easily, its just a matter of a mathematical calculation. I use a 14 period CCI on my 1 min timeframe so thats my base CCI period, now if I want a 14 period 15min CCI on my 1 min chart as above then all I do is times 14 (cci period) by the timeframe I want, in this case 15 min so 14 x 15 = 210.

Then I just put a cci indy on 1 min timeframe set to 210. Its that simple and of course if I want to see the 1 hour CCI under that then its 14x60=840.Example of such a chart below the idea is very similar to the guys here where you trade in the same direction as the higher timeframes when the 1 min CCI pulls back against the 15 and 1 hour trends "hit it" so as chart below shows 1 hr and 15 min CCIs are trading down so sell any 1 min CCI signals.

Hope that helps?

By the way I am soon gonna start my own Trading Systems thread based around these ideas, hopefully monday time permitting, so if you're interested in this idea keep an eye out for it.

Heres my CCI indicator too just n case you haven't already got it.

--- 帖子 #2394 ---
Hi clivepackham,

Wow, I got the idea now, many thanks to you. Of course, start the thread- I must become first subscriber of it.

It's more interesting for me, one more Q- It's better result on ECN account only, right? Which CCI is most important to follow direction 14 or 210 or 840? Have a great weekends.

--- 帖子 #2395 ---
Hi

Well to answer your first question I think its more about a straight through broker than a market maker but thats just my opinion.

As for your other question, well, I would say follow the 15 min CCI if trading the 1 min chart.

You also need to understand how the guy who designed the CCI indicator wanted it to work. Basically anything over 100 level is considered a strong trend and you should trade in that direction so if the 15 min CCI (210) is above the 100 level then look to take the 1 min cci (14) signals.

Let me give you some examples see chart below where the 15 min CCI is over -100 level then the 1 min CCI signals are pretty good, one proviso I tend to use is if selling 1 min CCIs then the signal you're taking should be level with or lower than the previous cci signal.

I also look to sell the 1 min signals once the the 15min CCI moves below the +100 level but moving downwards. Just make sure the 1 min CCI signals are level or lower than the previous one. EG only sell double tops or lower highs.As you can see out of the 8 signals 7 are winners and just 1 loser.

Good enough for an edge I'd say wouldn't you??

--- 帖子 #2396 ---
Hi,

Excellent. I'm going to apply it by tomorrow on Live account. I will be post my trading snapshot here. Thank you again.

--- 帖子 #2397 ---
Please be careful trading real money on 1 min charts unless you are an experoenced trader they can eat you alive.I strongly recommend you trade demo until you are profitable then use real money..All the best Clive.

--- 帖子 #2398 ---
hello Clive,

can you please post your template,

best regards

ramliam

--- 帖子 #2399 ---
that's right I trade bigger Lots.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2400 ---
Thanks for your kindly suggest to me, actually I trade on higher time frame only and it's profitable to me. But this time I will test this 1min CCI strategy on my micro live account.

--- 帖子 #2401 ---
clivepackham

Perfect working, watching only.

--- 帖子 #2402 ---
good morning Rooi and all !!

after the Indianapolis 500 yesterday, we have today Holiday in USA ( Memorial Day ) and also London close.

will see what happen

wish all a green week

cheers

--- 帖子 #2403 ---
PA slow have a fill at 138.865 small SL at 885

will babysit that

--- 帖子 #2404 ---
out at a fill for +2,  that my day :-)

have a ll a great Day

cheers

--- 帖子 #2405 ---
Morning Punisher and All

Had some other stuff to attend to today elsewhere and because of the public holiday everywhere thought I would use the time.

Looks like I didnt miss much.

Will trade tomorrow again.

All the best and good luck for the week

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2406 ---
Buddy, which broker you use? In my FXCM account I couldn't add SL very near. Thanks

--- 帖子 #2407 ---
Market too quiet for me today with UK and USA on bank holidays but it even worked today, top trender GBPNZD and 15 min cci below -100 and a great little signal on the 1 min CCI!!!

--- 帖子 #2408 ---
Hi Ramliam

Sorry so late replying but here you go my template for what its worth.

All the best Clive.

--- 帖子 #2409 ---
Hi, Clive!

if I use 5 and 15 TF what CCI period can I use? 14 and 42? or other

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2410 ---
Hi,

I hope you are well today, I want to know that How is the result with M5 chart with CCI(15) and CCI(168)?

--- 帖子 #2411 ---
Hi maxs2002

If you like using the 14 period on your base chart then just times it by the timeframe you want above it. EG 14 x 5 = 70.

But to be honest I find it works best when you maintain an approx ratio of 15 to 1 between the time frames so I recommend as follows for each timeframe:

trading 1 min use 15 min as master (14 and 210)

trading 5 min use 1hr as master (14 and 168)

trading 15 min use 4hr as master (14 and 224)

trading 1hr use daily as master (14 and 336)

trading 4hr use weekly as master ( 14 and 504)

trading daily use monthly as master (14 and 350)

Its not an exact science but the logic behind it is that the momentum runs on say a daily chart are a down trend on the hrly chart so if daily pair falling off the page then sell the pullbacks(-100 CCI signals) on the hrly chart.

The single most important thing though is that you identify a strong trend before trading any pair as you will find momentum indicators are fairly accurate in a strong trending pair. eg top of the top 8 trenders indy.

Then look at hrly chart and sell the pullbacks against the trend.Of course all trends come to an end at sometime so you are almost guaranteed a loser at the end but stop taking the hrly cci's when daily CCI crosses down from the -100 level as trend is weakening.

Its all about momentum for me, look at attached chart shows EURAUD as top of the daily trenders so sell every 100cci signal thats over 100 and either a double top or Lower High. Use HA candle colour change as confirmation for entry.

Anyway will shortly start my own thread on this system as starting to hog Roois thread and thats simply bad etiquette so will be moving on soon. Apologies Rooi.

--- 帖子 #2412 ---
Listen guys this is seriously the last post I am going to answer here, even though Rooi has said he is happy for me to post here , its just getting too embarrassing so will start my own thread asap about this system.

I think what you are asking me is it the right ratio for 5 min (14cci) to use the 1 hour (168) and the answer is yes but EURJPY is not trending strongly on the hrly chart so the signals are weak and this is when people say "Indicators don't work" and I agree with them on a quiet day like today nothing works as theres on one here to buy or sell and start something trending.

My advice to you today is to give it a miss as nothing is going to go anywhere today. Have a nice day off like the rest of the world and enjoy yourself. LOL.

--- 帖子 #2413 ---
I have Interactive Brokers and Dukascopy Bank

cheers

--- 帖子 #2414 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #2415 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2416 ---
Morning Rooi

I will be in and out this week, managed to take +27 on GJ shortly after TO

Lets see what happens here

--- 帖子 #2417 ---
Morning Anthm

Nicely done

--- 帖子 #2418 ---
good morning Rooi and all !!

I will make a holiday, hope see you after again.

and wish you all tons of pips  :-)

cheers

--- 帖子 #2419 ---
+13

--- 帖子 #2420 ---
Enjoy

See you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #2421 ---
Good Morning all!

2 trades +1

Missed EJ 2nd signal went in on the 3rd but my SL was too tight and got stopped out should have fought back as price went way beyond my projection (next BRN).

Took EU instead and recovered my loss.

Looks like the late Asian session can be profitable at times.

So much work piled up plan to go live next week with a new ECN account.

--- 帖子 #2422 ---
Intrepid I also got on the EJ

Nice one ROOI, seems we all thinking alike

+27.8 for me, that along with 27 this morning, two trades two wins just wish it was always that easy.

--- 帖子 #2423 ---
Nice trading and who is the ECN account with if you dont mind me asking?

--- 帖子 #2424 ---
Very nicely done.

Was a good trade setup that we all recognized so that's positive

Glad to see you finding some time to trade again.

Lets see if Strada will be around and if he traded EJ or GU

--- 帖子 #2425 ---
Yes Rooi

he will have his head down , I am a bit like you always looking forward to his posts and results.

I shutting down for a bit so I not tempted to enter again and risk my 55ish profit for the day.

Cheers anthm

--- 帖子 #2426 ---
That would be Excel markets I'm currently using their Demo, you suggested IC Markets but they don't take clients from 9ja but when I have enough funds will switch to LMAX.

Great trading Anthm, some days the markets just rain pips during the Asian session you are wise to keep your 55 pips.

--- 帖子 #2427 ---
hi,

could you tell me what mas are you using?

ad could you share your stochastick?

many thanks

edit: stock found!

--- 帖子 #2428 ---
Yes Intrepid I find Asian session fickle, Normally there is good profit to be had on Mondays Tokyo Open with GJ, it basically mirrors UJ, for some reason I prefer GJ.

Yesterday (Monday) was an exception, I took 3 trades in the hour and a half preceding the TO and finished 4.7 pips down and closed off. This morning it moved nicer, some days it stays in a very very tight range awaiting the Europe awakening.

On the Broker issue I personally much prefer ECN brokers , commissions are expensive to offset the tighter spreads but for me the fills are far more reliable. The bigger the lot size traded makes it more economical on ECN to the point that it will far outweigh even the tightest fixed spread of a dealing desk broker. That's Just my take, spreads and commissions are a big concern with 1 minute trading. Comments on this welcome.

Cheers Anthm

--- 帖子 #2429 ---
I am at the moment trying out which is better of the 2 MAs either 210 or 480 I think I want to see which is giving me a better curve coming in to FO, I think I should really do a thorough back test and (may you too) then decide.

--- 帖子 #2430 ---
Excel Markets are ECN and right now I want to download the Dukascopy platform Demo and try it out.

You are right and for us 1 Min traders spreads can be a big issue.

--- 帖子 #2431 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2432 ---
+3 for now.

Very choppy thus far

--- 帖子 #2433 ---
Morning Yes that EJ PA looked uninviting to me, I waited for GU and was terribly unlucky with all my fills, was milli seconds late each time I hit the buttons.

Never the less I took 20.1. No trade this morning on Tokyo due red news and good walking weather outside.

--- 帖子 #2434 ---
Nice pick with the GU this morning

Are you looking for anymore or are you happy with you target for today?

--- 帖子 #2435 ---
Yes Rooi I wont re enter with +20 banked. Three trades this week so far with 75ish on the table I don't want to tempt fate by reentering.

I see GU has just now blasted through the BRN . I should have taken a lot more and that's why I generally keep TP3 up my sleeve.

Anyways, should have, could have, would have, greed is my enemy.

Good Luck all

anthm

--- 帖子 #2436 ---
Morning Rooi, hi anthm, similar to you was on GU this morning and have to admit to trading with bias. Looking at EJ & GU thought ej may go up to test number and GU could go down to test number. GU had already given signal earlier which I used but it didn't reach down far enough, went to about +2/3. There was a long signal before FO but didn't use it as I doubted whether it would go anywhere before at least testing the number either for stops or a continuation of yesterday's down move, and especially at this time when london is getting into full swing. Trade 2 developed into a really good move, I took what I wanted from it and happy to watch the rest of the move.

regards, strada.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2437 ---
Good Morning Everyone.

Glad to see Strada baack.

I think it's a crime to distract oneself, I was stuck on a losing EU trade while GU had given a lovely drop well captured, it's just that the EU signaled first.

I just must get separate monitors for each pair I'd be watching.

--- 帖子 #2438 ---
Morning Strada

Nice trading and good analysis of current market conditions.Nothing wrong with having a very good idea where it should go.

Thanks for your charts and showing your trades.Its truly a great help to all of us.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2439 ---
Several Euro news meant that Euro pairs should be watched, but I think I'm throwing out that annoying EU though had I traded on I'd have recovered my loss guess my fear of my SL being hit is gradually being overcome now just to reinforce the habit of taking every trade even after a losing or several losing trades.

EJ too did well.

I see enough pips everyday to actualize  my trading goals.

--- 帖子 #2440 ---
Waited for the GBP CBI figures and took +12.

Total for today +5, wish I'd taken the first push down would not have bothered with this second move.

--- 帖子 #2441 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2442 ---
Morning Rooi, short GU at present, just missed the earlier EJ while setting up. GU has been in a very narrow range for some time so if FO doesn't move it then I'll be heading for the exits.

strada.

update. Exited at BE. Will stay out for now, quite a busy day elsewhere, see you all tomorrow, strada.

--- 帖子 #2443 ---
I am focusing on EA and GA.  Looking for extension of breakdown.  Check the 4 hr chart to see the possible lengthy run down.

--- 帖子 #2444 ---
Look out beelllooooooooooow.

--- 帖子 #2445 ---
Both a bit choppy for now.

Let see if we can clear the tight ranges

--- 帖子 #2446 ---
Nicely done

--- 帖子 #2447 ---
+7.5

Month-end tomorrow and happy with the that

Still doing lots of testing though

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2448 ---
See you tomorrow

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2449 ---
EJ takes out last week low.  If clears BRN.....look out beeeeellllooooooow.

--- 帖子 #2450 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2451 ---
Messy Frankie hour saw a loss for me for the session I had stupid finger trouble on the platform which added to my woes.

Missed the action just now on the LO. Hope someone got the moves on GU and EJ

--- 帖子 #2452 ---
Good morning all!

Mixed feelings for me, this morning cos there's no Euro news just holidays and today being a work free day in my country, i felt there was nothing at stake no need to get to work as early as I used to besides I'm still demo trading for now, so i got to the office and found what scrumptious meals the market had prepared for us 1 minute traders, how can I miss demo pips so much.

Enough demo trading I'm opening that account next week.

--- 帖子 #2453 ---
Good Evening Intrepid

Just wondering how many pips you took? did you trade all three pairs that you posted?

Not sure of your entry and exits

Regards Anthm

--- 帖子 #2454 ---
I missed all 3

I enter short when the MA cross filter is red, and price closes below the MA band with a Stochastic cross down, reverse for long entries, very simple basic rules, but higher probability is when price breaks out of the bands or bounces off the bands.

I narrowly missed the GU break to the upside and got in on GJ bounce off the MA band but exited when I saw a divergence brewing against my position (it would have hit my SL)

--- 帖子 #2455 ---
Morning All

--- 帖子 #2456 ---
Morning Rooi, GU again today, short at present. strada.

--- 帖子 #2457 ---
German retail sales at FO...

--- 帖子 #2458 ---
Morning Strada

Im  on EJ

--- 帖子 #2459 ---
No trades for me yet.  I dislike taking positions into the open coinciding with Eco release of any substance.

--- 帖子 #2460 ---
On a side note, my AC blew yesterday.  Guy coming tomorrow to see if he can fix, or have to get a new one.  MY home office is hotter than a sauna in hell! Not quite as bad at night, but totally unbearable for US session.

--- 帖子 #2461 ---
ROOI,

BTW, that video you posted with the ice falling was awesome!

--- 帖子 #2462 ---
+7 and wrapping it up for the month.

Just tripped my SL on the first order as I was looking for a better exit

Will be looking at being a bit more active from next week again

Hope everyone has a good weekend

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2463 ---
I find the news at the open a bit tricky as well but often try and force myself to trade shortly after it as I feel it can create a nice signal and I only have a set amount of time that I give myself to trade

Sorry to hear about the AC and the craze thing is your computer pumps out the warm air as well.

Regarding the ice,Always good when one can have a bit of a laugh

Hope you have a good Euro morning session and some cold beers in the afternoon.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2464 ---
Took a small loss on the short and reversed to long, good clear signal and good result to end the month. good weekend to all, strada.

--- 帖子 #2465 ---
Really nice move up.

Hope you enjoy your weekend

--- 帖子 #2466 ---
Good morning all.

I've come to believe quite frankly that not taking ALL your signals is the #1 reason for failure in trading.

Everyday I review the charts and I see how I'd have ended up in super positive had I taken ALL my signals instead I let pain of loss keep me from pulling the trigger again and again and recently I've come to identify DISTRACTION as another enemy.

I took a EJ short straight from the FO and it went against me I'd have taken the GJ and GU longs but having committed myself to one position I don't bother with other signals (that would be over trading with my leverage size) they all did well except the EJ and I had to attend an end of month brief so I missed my chance to recover and make profit.

Anyway next week I should have a new ECN account up and running.

Have a great week end everybody and congrats to all who ended the month in +ve.

--- 帖子 #2467 ---
Hi Rooi

Don't want to sound like I'm being critical here, just trying to get my head around 'your mentality' and 'the system'

But why did you take the first trade when (a) daily S1 was just a few pips away and (b) it had already bounced off there so there was a reasonable probability it would bounce again?
and have a great weekend all!

--- 帖子 #2468 ---
Dude go in to see the boss this afternoon and tell him you quit!Those fookers ain't gonna make u rich - the only way that will happen is hanging around with us big dicks!!!

--- 帖子 #2469 ---
Thanks Jonnypants, I'm giving myself till September to prove to my family with results then I can quit. (wish I were single I'd have done that long ago.

--- 帖子 #2470 ---
Hi JP

I have a set requirements that when met qualify a entry.

That move started about 26 min earlier.This move that I traded could have made a new low for the day.

The system isn't deigned to have 100% win rate but rather to have winner bigger than losers

I use the pivots as a guide or as targets.

That trade should have been TP1= +2.7 TP2 =-2.7 giving a BE trade but I summed up the situation incorrectly.

Im still working on my trading a great deal but for now I am happy with taking that trade

Have a great weekend

--- 帖子 #2471 ---
Dont rush into quitting a perfectly good well paying job for the market.

The market is there to make money from.There is plenty of time to make money when you are not working.

Dont mean to sound like Im preaching but there is lots of time to quite your job in the future. Dont rush it

Have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #2472 ---
I would just like to say that for posting the picture of the three beers Rooi deserves an accolade, well done Rooi.

Good weekend to all.

Anthm

--- 帖子 #2473 ---
Thanks Rooi I appreciate your concern it's tough leaving certainty for uncertainty, I mean to the left the market is so lucrative but to the right you never know what can happen the next second, I've seen 80 pips spikes in less than 1 minute and at such times it's very difficult to guarantee your SL being honored and trading with 1 pip = 1%, that could end up an 80% loss in one swoop. Trading the markets full time is like learning to swim with great white, and tiger sharks without being eaten alive, but many have learned how to and I'm about to join them.

I keep saying that my attention to Forex affects my job and my job demands affects my performance in the markets.

Everyday looking back at the charts I see that had I taken every single one of my M1 signals I'd have ended up above my daily target.

I wont say I have this Forex thing all figured out but I've come to realize technical methods work some of the time, so take the wins with the losses and you will end up a net winner if you STICK TO THE PLAN!

I will work the FO and LO and give it at least 3 months June being a gestation or moratorium period and you'll be here to monitor my progress as well, we are in this thing together

I'm happy my "Just over broke" (job) is not a well paying job, else I may have given up the struggle to make it in Forex!

--- 帖子 #2474 ---
My early thoughts for the week.... Looking to sell AUD before tomorrow nights rate decision. Especially looking to sell vs JPY.   I have big divergences showing on JPY pairs on the hourly charts.  Very heavy news week.  Will maintain flexibility, but will look to trade bigger size on signals showing YEN strength.  Just my. .02

--- 帖子 #2475 ---
Hello to all

Took silly long GU trade early but got out after rejection of pivot (((( I Think taking trades when they heading for Pivots or Daily support and Resistance levels where touched on late last week)))) anywyas the good the bad the ugly.

+10.1 for me and +9 for TO

Out at 19.1 for the day

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #2476 ---
Good day all!

I have been battling to tame "The Beast" -GBPJPY but it seems my stops are just too fickle to contain it so I might just stick to EJ & GU like most on this thread.

Got stopped out 4 times this morning although the 1st one was against my rules then missed the 5th which would have recovered some.

EJ would have given me an excess of my daily target and I guess it's the best performer with the lowest spread next to EU.

Post some charts later.

Have a pips filled, target exceeding month!

--- 帖子 #2477 ---
Hi guys

Had to do some things this morning and took longer than expected so missed the opens.

Will be around for tomorrow

@anthm - Nice trading and thanks for posting.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2478 ---
And the same to you sir

--- 帖子 #2479 ---
After 4 losses in a row you'd be wary of taking the next signal naturally but trading they say is counter intuitive and am beginning to see it s.o.

Took the 6th signal and hit my TP but I had to attend to my job so could not recover my losses. Took a EJ shot but bailed out as PA was threatening to reverse on me pity I'd have landed in +ve for the day.

Maybe I'm over trading or too eager to prove I can do this or perhaps I just need to confine myself to the less volatile EJ and GU?

--- 帖子 #2480 ---
Pre FO short EJ....looking for some profit taking before euro CPI readings. Short at 129.21

--- 帖子 #2481 ---
Morning Mike and All

Nice call

Late getting in the chair this morning for me but should be some movement left.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2482 ---
Hasn't really started yet..... 1/2 off +7

--- 帖子 #2483 ---
BE +2 on remainder....waiting new signal.

--- 帖子 #2484 ---
Nicely done

Ihad a small go at it.

Waiting for the next signal

--- 帖子 #2485 ---
Sluggish  this morning IMO

-1.3 thus far

--- 帖子 #2486 ---
Back in 2 hrs after the numbers......

--- 帖子 #2487 ---
Done for today

--- 帖子 #2488 ---
Might be around later,if not, see you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #2489 ---
Good morning everyone AUD GDP sure moved the AUD pairs might be a continuation, I'm cautiously betting on it, in a AUDUSD long atm.

--- 帖子 #2490 ---
Short GA and EA.

close half. +10 +5....BE +1 rest

--- 帖子 #2491 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2492 ---
Nicely done Mike

You are picking them nicely

--- 帖子 #2493 ---
+5.6 so far

--- 帖子 #2494 ---
Well done.

--- 帖子 #2495 ---
I have 169.67 EJ monthly pivot. An hourly close belo may see a good move down between now and ECB tomorrow. Just my .02

--- 帖子 #2496 ---
I don't expect much before Euro GDP.

--- 帖子 #2497 ---
My monthly pivot is 139.703

Are you still using the Currency meter?

--- 帖子 #2498 ---
It was actually AUDJPY.

Out at BE.

EURAUD did better

My entry was not according to my rules was trying out some thing which I may just discard.

Done for today perhaps.

--- 帖子 #2499 ---
Hiya Mike should have been on one of those though had I been to the office earlier, I'd have gotten on the AUDJPY earlier and gotten a +10 out of it.

Kudos, you took some from the Banks

--- 帖子 #2500 ---
Quitting too soon

--- 帖子 #2501 ---
Sry for not beeing around so much...

EURAUD made my day.

+15 and done

Entry a bit late and on a green HA candle... Have to bite myself for breaking one of the rules.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2502 ---
I will ill have to check pivots with a published pivot table

as to currency meter....right now no.  I had two screens blow.  had to order new ones as I could not find 21" screens here.  right now I am trading EA GA EJ GJ. When I have the other two screens I use one for the meter, and one to trade what it tells me to focus on (the pair changes throught my trading day). The base 4 are constant.

--- 帖子 #2503 ---
Sorry for The confusion.  EJ monthly pivot is 139.67 .  Error between keyboard and chair.

--- 帖子 #2504 ---
I like the idea and use it myself eventhough I just trade the FO and LO

Your Base is Euro , Aus$ , GBP and Yen

My base are Euro , US$ , GBP and Yen

You have two more pairs to look at.I might look into it next year

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

+2 on the last trade for the day leaving me with +7.6

Could have traded the next move down but will wait for tomorrow

Have a good day all

--- 帖子 #2505 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2506 ---
Good morning al.

Short EA but missed my target cos of spread, even ECN spread can be cruel at times, moved to BE

--- 帖子 #2507 ---
Nice trading.

TP orders are good but this is a very big reason to start thinking of taking partial profits manually IMO

Enjoy your pips

--- 帖子 #2508 ---
After 3 bottoms on my TP, I adjusted my TP a little in the hope of a 4th bottom.

I'm out done for the day.

--- 帖子 #2509 ---
Thanks demo pips though.

I like that partial profit taking, but I'm just experimenting with the one click trading EA and it doesn't allow partial profit taking.

--- 帖子 #2510 ---
+2.8 so far.

Had to close out because of news.Let see if we get another signal

--- 帖子 #2511 ---
I see.

You havent changed your indicators or method in a while and thats very good.All system has weaknesses and strengths and making the best of your system is what its about.

Enjoy your day

--- 帖子 #2512 ---
Thats me for today

Had to wait for the news reaction

ECB conference later so might just range till then but who knows

--- 帖子 #2513 ---
Thank you.

I think my problem is I'm looking for that "Holy Grail", no loss system but it's just like the fabled Unicorn, so i have to eventually stop reinventing the wheel and soon and settle in on one approach which is simply decide the market's directional bias and follow it, then where is it likely to retrace to and pullback from?

Recently I decided to follow the daily trend and try to catch breakouts retracements and pull backs.

The problem a lot of the time is in telling when is this retracement done?

I do admire your doggedness in taking every signal I believe that's the gateway to consistent results even with the most mediocre system, once I can attain that level, I'd the Trading King of my country.

--- 帖子 #2514 ---
This audio book helped me and is till helping me every time I listen to it.

Hope you can find some help in it.It breaks it down nicely

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2515 ---
Thanks Rooi, I have this though not listened to it in a long while.

--- 帖子 #2516 ---
Good morning Everyone!

Enough news to move EJ and GU today.

--- 帖子 #2517 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2518 ---
Morning

I onboard today, currently short GU entered on the Franki open

anthm

--- 帖子 #2519 ---
Morning anthm

Choppy this morning but with NFP later it might be a little thin but should not make too big a difference

GL

--- 帖子 #2520 ---
That didn't go to plan,

down 4.5 pips.

Thought it would test the BRN before it goes anywhere else. It still may but I will now wait until London opens

--- 帖子 #2521 ---
Torn between clearing my back log and taking positions so I missed my EJ long signal.

Think I'd call it a day and work for my pay.

Enjoy your weekend all.

Rooi, will post a summary of the audio book later, meanwhile here's a decision tree template for trading I found on FF some time back.

--- 帖子 #2522 ---
- 6 so far ( - 6 on the 6th of the 6 month of the year,not good)

--- 帖子 #2523 ---
Thanks for sharing,will have a look later

Enjoy your weekend

--- 帖子 #2524 ---
-4.3 pips and calling it a day - So right but so wrong.frustrating  PA or at least my trading

Have a good weekend all

--- 帖子 #2525 ---
Morning all.

So many public holidays in Europe in May and June.Should be finished now

--- 帖子 #2526 ---
Good morning, despite the holiday, the big bois move GU good enough, most Mondays, I don't get to the office on time cos the key would be with someone else so I missed the party.

Looking forward to a great week.

--- 帖子 #2527 ---
Yes GU behaving itself today, like the old days, Managed to take 17.1 after the imaginary FO on the way up then just now after LO took 18.9 on the way down.

Definitely an improvement on Friday

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #2528 ---
+10 so far - looking for some more - should have been in the down move

--- 帖子 #2529 ---
+37.2 and done for today

Working on increasing my daily target to 30 pips , worked out today , might not always be so fortunate

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2530 ---
Nice

--- 帖子 #2531 ---
And the same to you sir

You did it so much faster than I did this morning

--- 帖子 #2532 ---
Hi Rooi - trust you guys are keeping well.....a nice set up earlier in EurUsd - sold off the 1m chart after LO and set my TP for 50 pips, so just above the BRN ( also ~ its current 10ADR) and went out.......back now for NYO 2 and my TP has been hit     The dollar strength is also helping my long UsdTry positions, although so far today's range is only 100 pips - ~half what we expect.....

--- 帖子 #2533 ---
You are on track "Fortune favors the brave"

--- 帖子 #2534 ---
Hi Islander

Nice to see you stopping by and cashing in on the the TRY

What SL do you use on average for that pair

--- 帖子 #2535 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2536 ---
Morning,

Just logged on, nothing so far. I see GU on that DP

--- 帖子 #2537 ---
Thanks....I rarely use a stop with UsdTry as the spikes in the spread can be up to 50 pips, so you need to do in-depth research before trading this beastie......

PS  I bought before FO off the 2.0850 level with price now closing in on the 2.0900 BRN....

--- 帖子 #2538 ---
GU plus 7 so far got shaken out after TP1, may get long re entry

--- 帖子 #2539 ---
LOL- I will leave that pair to the pro's who have the guts to trade it.Looks like some nice profits you have there though.

--- 帖子 #2540 ---
Nicely done.

The EJ is ranging and spiking like it alwasys does when the EU and UJ are going the opposite ways.Should sort itself out though

--- 帖子 #2541 ---
.

Hi Islander

I have been looking at a few alternative pairs whilst the old favourites slumber.  $/ Turkish Lira is interesting and I have dabbled with reasonable success.  $/ S.African Rand is the other that looks interesting, not tried it yet though.

Just a side note, over the last couple of weeks of watching I have not see spreads of anywhere near 50 pips on my broker for usd/try.  I am getting 2 to 3 pips standard spread with variations out to maybe 10 (that I can see).  I am sure you have looked across your various brokers for the best rates but thought I would mention it.

Happy pipping.

--- 帖子 #2542 ---
After 4 GU entry's sitting at +7.8

--- 帖子 #2543 ---
Thanks Revoli - I'll take a look - I assume you are still using the same guys in that nice mountainous country

--- 帖子 #2544 ---
Indeed.

--- 帖子 #2545 ---
- 1.7 thus far

--- 帖子 #2546 ---
Mate its a shame you did not capture the rest of that move on EJ

I thought I was the only one to miss such profits

--- 帖子 #2547 ---
Hi anthm

I hate to see a move like that when you have finished and then you realize you could have made a lot more. At least we are progressing.

Had a small power failure (you have to love Africa ) and missed the next short but then took the one after that as a continuation trade with one tp

Wrapping it up for today.

All the best and see you tomorrow morning / evening

--- 帖子 #2548 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2549 ---
Good morning, I thought SA was immune to such, I missed all the action all day and took a late night short, not my high prob. set-up just a 50/50 shot at the market.

--- 帖子 #2550 ---
While I'm waiting for Excel markets and FX Open to verify my documents for my ECN account, I took a short on my old wide spread broker still betting on the Euro falling, let's see.

A sub-optimal entry on the EJ should have waited for the bounce off the bands.

--- 帖子 #2551 ---
Fed up with the zig zag so I moved to break-even.

--- 帖子 #2552 ---
+3.2 so far - thinking of stopping here for today
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BTW -Does anyone here use MT5.Im looking for an indicator that alerts the when touch the horizontal line like this indicator but for MT5
Attached File(s)   HLine Alert.mq4

2 KB
|
299 downloads

--- 帖子 #2553 ---
Nice trade.Is that the 25 ema,if so.Nice trigger for entry

All the best

--- 帖子 #2554 ---
Stopped out.

Good news Excel approved my new account now just to fund it latest Friday

--- 帖子 #2555 ---
Thank you. It's the 1440SMA.

--- 帖子 #2556 ---
Avoiding any GBP pairs for another hour until employment numbers reaction settles.  Keeping an eye on NZD crosses with interest rate late today.

--- 帖子 #2557 ---
Huge GBP employment numbers beat.

--- 帖子 #2558 ---
Rooi

I apologize and missed your private message.  I been extremely busy with work and my own trading and haven't been on as much but to check in from time to time.  Did you find the answer you were looking for?

--- 帖子 #2559 ---
Yes I did thanks

--- 帖子 #2560 ---
This is very off subject but this is for everyone's own knowledge.  My friend and I  hired a programmer on the Mq4 Mq5  website  where programmers will bid for various jobs once an MT4 user  posts his requests. When completed you will test the EA to your liking and specifications and only then will the payment process be completed.  Its like an escrow account where funds  will be held and released.  We never paid more then $50 dollars for a completed  EA however the more advanced it is, it could cost more.

--- 帖子 #2561 ---
Morning all

Hlaf a position short on the EJ at present as it is continuation of the ofe that started earlier

--- 帖子 #2562 ---
I am flat right now.  Had a successful EA short entered 15 before FO....closed +11

--- 帖子 #2563 ---
Closed for BE and waiting

--- 帖子 #2564 ---
Nicely done

--- 帖子 #2565 ---
+14 thus far

--- 帖子 #2566 ---
nicely done

--- 帖子 #2567 ---
+2 another and finishing for today.

A bit slow with my trigger finger on second trade

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2568 ---
Thanks

Your currency meter up and running yet?

Im working on something like that as well,although very secondary for now

It shows a currency index rather than a line as I prefer bar charts - like the the Dollar Index , the pick shows the JPY,EUR,GBP indexs

You might already know about this but thought Id share

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2569 ---
morning all

--- 帖子 #2570 ---
- 2.1 so far

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2571 ---
Hi Rooi, this looks interesting is it available here on FF?

--- 帖子 #2572 ---
Hi Stricky1967

Its an index that that they provide at http://fxpromotora.com/metatrader.php called Sig trader

Have a look at these old threads for info

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=336094
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=334165

Hope that helps

--- 帖子 #2573 ---
thankyou Rooi

--- 帖子 #2574 ---
Morning all

--- 帖子 #2575 ---
+14.1 and done for today.

Mind is elsewhere this morning

See you guys tomorrow

--- 帖子 #2576 ---
Morning All

--- 帖子 #2577 ---
+1.8 so far

GU did much better today

--- 帖子 #2578 ---
Hi Rooi Falk nice thread nice system .I am waitng for Abenomics to weaken the Yen.

How do you manage with work & trading? would like to share my results & systems with you my Skype address is nevmar69

Kind regards

Nev

--- 帖子 #2579 ---
+7.1 on this trade  so 8.9 for the day.

Could have been better I suppose

See you guys tomorrow

--- 帖子 #2580 ---
Hi Nev

Thanks for stopping by and saying "hi"

I dont use Skype but will send you a PM here on ForexFactory.

Your right the EJ needs to come alive again

--- 帖子 #2581 ---
For the moment I still have part time Job that I can arrange around my trading so that why I always just trade the FO and LO +2 hours after the LO

I am hoping  my results can stay constant and get better by end of the year,My daily target is 30 - 50 pips but the market is a bit slow but one can never blame the market in trading.Would love to trade full - full time but Im not rushing it.Im in it for the long run.Im looking to be trading for the next 35 to 40 years so dont need to stop my job just yet.

How do you go about it.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2582 ---
Hi I am 75yrs old so the whole day is mine & have no stress because I am trading with the brokers money.

Would not show my results on an open thread cos the sharks would use my statements for their sales pitch.

For me trading is a way to keep my brain alive & I love risk.

Would like to show you another thread that would add value to your system.

Regards

Nev

--- 帖子 #2583 ---
Hi Nev

Sorry for the late reply -  Just a bit busy currently with that J O B that I mentioned

I have sent you another PM - Please  forgive my tardiness when replying in the afternoon.

Let me know via the PM

Speak to you soon

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2584 ---
+1.7

A bit frustrating on my favorite EJ this week

Might look for one more setup

GU doing well again.Might have a look at it tomorow

--- 帖子 #2585 ---
+ 3 and + 9 ( should have been +12 on tp2 but got a Fiken bad fill - Not complaining about a winner tough)

--- 帖子 #2586 ---
BE and done for the week

--- 帖子 #2587 ---
+1.3

All single positions today as the market has been choppy.

Lost my nerve on the second short.Would have been a decent signal

Anyways

--- 帖子 #2588 ---
The best investment I have ever made was to buy a dishwasher machine ;-)

Im guessing the ROI is less time in the kitchen equals more time in the b-room

--- 帖子 #2589 ---
+11 and wrapping it up

Sluggish, would have been nice to have been in the run up

--- 帖子 #2590 ---
Hi Rooi

Early start today quick +5.5

--- 帖子 #2591 ---
Hi JSF

Nice start to the morning

--- 帖子 #2592 ---
Hello Rooi. I have a problem. I downloaded a genesis matrix indicator 2.22 but the line TVI is always white and the line GHL is always red. Why? can you tell me which settings you have? or can you post here the indicator?

p.s.great thread!! good luck!

--- 帖子 #2593 ---
Ok now i know, i'm so stupid  i didn't downloaded rest indicator,only genesis 2.22

--- 帖子 #2594 ---
So everything is okay now?

--- 帖子 #2595 ---
Rooi wouldn't using a MTF of a stoch possibly repaint? on a higher tf?

--- 帖子 #2596 ---
The ultra-stochs that I use to use does not repaint

Here is the example of a chart in this post
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...99#post7372999

I you want to have a look at them just click the paperclip at the top right of the thread and you will find them "ultr-stochastic" is what they are called - you can also google ultra-project here on FF if you want to read about how they work

--- 帖子 #2597 ---
+22

--- 帖子 #2598 ---
If you're looking at 5m for example and 1h says one direction couldn't it change by the time the next 11 candles complete since that's how many it would take to fill up an hourly candle from 5ms ? If the market is unsure and sideways I mean?

I understand the concept of using mtf it seems good in theory as I've looked into it before and when you backtrace on a chart usually you get a perfect entry every time on indicator setups I've seen. Having tested and done it though I've also gone back from where I marked a trade and saw that it had changed on the higher tf.

--- 帖子 #2599 ---
I agree - I trade of just the 1min TF these days as you must decide which TF you want to trade on

You can then look at Higher TF S/D zones - all depends on what TF you want to trade and how quickly you can decide if you want to be in,stay in or get out.

The higher time frames give you more time for that in the beginning

--- 帖子 #2600 ---
1m can be fine I really haven't given 1m tf trading much thought or serious consideration though. Mostly because of having to deal with the 1-2 pip spread+commission cost

--- 帖子 #2601 ---
Done for today - Will update journal at the end of the day.

--- 帖子 #2602 ---
Hi Justin

Please have a look at this thread - It is exactly what you are look for - The guys in that thread are master at S/D trading - from 1 min to 4 hour.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...76#post7571376

I learned everything about S/D trading from this thread

Price is the same on all TF and the spread is the same on all time frames - Its fractal in nature (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fractal)

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #2603 ---
but all he talks about are winning trades.

where are stop losses placed?

--- 帖子 #2604 ---
Who is "he"?

Did you read the thread?

C-12 always used a 6 pip stop on 1 min TF and enter 2 positions.

The other guys trade longer TF's

--- 帖子 #2605 ---
I'll read more, sofar all I see are posts of winning trades. That doesn't mean success. I liked that he posted his trade statement with his losses on the first page though. I would like if he talked about as i said which trades not to take instead

--- 帖子 #2606 ---
"As for the SL and TP execution its all done via my trade manager tool (luktom) but I do sometimes drag the lines around manually. I mostly decrease the stop size as soon as I place my market order since there is usually no reason to just leave it fixed at 6 pips."

So i guess he adjusts it to his liking and there is no exact way of doing it?

--- 帖子 #2607 ---
Hi Justin

I agree its a bit here there and everywhere.

Good luck with your trading and your journey towards the system that you desire.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2608 ---
thankyou Rooi, it's a shame he only boasts about winning trades on his thread and how to win and not more on how to stay away from losing .  Don't mean to be negative, but I've seen too many threads and systems where it's nothing but boasting and posts of winning trades on here.

--- 帖子 #2609 ---
I agree - I learned a lot from all those guys but then again I learned a great deal when using his strategy. IMO we learn out of our own mistakes. Thats the only way I see we can improve in FX.

But who knows, Im just following my approach of trying to be the best trader I can be on that day and making notes of my mistakes or lack of knowledge

--- 帖子 #2610 ---
c-12 gloats too much and contradicts himself. He's obviously a good trader though but he isn't helping anyone. His thread is just there for him to gloat and boast on.

--- 帖子 #2611 ---
+1 for now.

--- 帖子 #2612 ---
+16 and done for the week

--- 帖子 #2613 ---
Hi Rooi. Which indicators are you using? on the screen is only genesis. are you using something else?

--- 帖子 #2614 ---
Hi Termometr

I use only the 1 min matrix and ASCT

I draw the yellow lines myself for the S/R

Hope that helps,if not let me know

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2615 ---
Great,thanks. And why you deleted from your system stochastic?

--- 帖子 #2616 ---
I dont use them as it is doesn't really add any advantage in trading 1min in my opinion and for my entry requirements , it normally distracts from what is happening with the PA .

--- 帖子 #2617 ---
System still working nicely -  a bit slow with low ranges but oh well

Yestreday +33
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BE today
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2618 ---
+6 - All single positions

Was watching paint dry this morning on EJ

--- 帖子 #2619 ---
Hi Rooi,

well done!!

sometimes I think we are same on this pic :-))

http://static.ibnlive.in.com/pix/sli...ded-171112.jpg

cheers

--- 帖子 #2620 ---
That still looks easier to me that messing with theses low ranges periods we are trading now

--- 帖子 #2621 ---
HI ROOI,

that still a good System!!

only have to wait for the right PA on the chart.

close my trading charts for the week and study some info at the web.

have a good Weekend Rooi and all.

peace and live the life

cheers

--- 帖子 #2622 ---
Hi Punisher

Yip system still going strong.Just need to pick a logical setup but a lot of whipping in recent days.

Hope you have a great weekend and see you on Monday

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2623 ---
Hello Rooi. can you explain when do you enter and exit. where do you place SL, and TP. do you use trailing stop?

I'm asking it because on the 1st page the rules are different.

--- 帖子 #2624 ---
Hi jinakado

If you look at these entries on the chart below it sums up the system pretty well.

The Matrix and ASCT gives the signal to go long or short with the SL below the high or low  that generated the signal.

I mostly use a 2 positions and have a tp1 between 3 and 6 ; tp2 = 6pips or better.Depending on the market

Lots of the guys use the Stochastic but I have abandoned it.

Everyone has there own way of going about it , if you have any questions feel free to ask

Hope that helps

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2625 ---
+13  ( all single positions for now )

Started trading both pairs together in this slow market for practice so once the market picks up speed again it should be easier to manage 2 pairs at the same time.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2626 ---
Hi Punisher

Have you been trading anything since coming back from your holidays

--- 帖子 #2627 ---
Hi Punisher,

Do you draw your Support and Resistance manually or is there a tool you employ and can you share?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2628 ---
Hi Rooi,

only the Trade I show here, it was enough for the week, you know I trade bigger Lots and need only small pips per Day.

but I also a little lazy and have to do other  :-)

I see also the ADR is small at Euro now Y=19  5days= 39  10days=45  20days=44  and Yen also,  so I try to check out some trades in other pairs by look at the M15 TF.

may some like the choros style, I try this before and have also good results, can do this by my samsung note at the beach, need only MA's

cheers my friend an all, have a good green day!!

--- 帖子 #2629 ---
Hi Intrepidpips,

I draw this manually only.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2630 ---
Hi Guys

I had this little indy made for me, just put on a rectangle over the S&R zone that you want and lable it "sr-1" "sr-2" etc and it will update at the open of each bar....

With FX's current dormant state I've chaged to trading the DAX.....current 5D ADR 119 vs € 45, GBP 65 and UJ 30.

Regards

Islander

--- 帖子 #2631 ---
THX mate

--- 帖子 #2632 ---
Hi Islander,

nice  indi, thanks for your work!

running on my chart at MT4-Build 670 and win 8.1 Pro update today 07:40  GMT, OK.

DAX yes, but I change my trading account years ago from IB to dukas bank, no  DAX anymore  :-(

can you give me ur broker, may as PM. then may I checkout that.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2633 ---
Doesn't work with my mt4 version 4,00 build 670

--- 帖子 #2634 ---
Hi Punisher

Jip has been a bit slow but just working on getting the best from these markets.

I will have a look at the CHOROS system but pretty happy with what I have for now but always like to read about different systems and time frames

Hope you are enjoying the beach there in Thailand.Here is a photo of me on Phi Phi Island.Maybe one day I can like you trade from the beach with a tablet but for now Im stuck in the chair in front of the screens

Hope you have great day

PS - Much better day today on the opens and news

--- 帖子 #2635 ---
Hi Islander

I have bee keeping an eye on your dax trades and I have been sneaking some demo trades in on the DAX and might look at trading it in a month or two.

Has been much better than the FX but the FX will pick up again

Wishing you continue success with the DAX and hope to join you soon.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2636 ---
Hi Punisher - that surprises me as I thought they offered indices......the other Swiss guys do, as do I G,  A l p a r i and F X C M to name a few.....super moves in DAX so far this morning.....an 80 point fall after LO, followed by a 110 pont rally.....  PM me if you need more info....

@ goliatakis - sorry to hear that, perhaps Rooi or one of the guys here can help as its fine for me and others.

@ Rooi - yes, I had noticed you swinging by......no reason why your methodology shouldn't work on DAX too......just do a bit of homework first to work out when its best to trade etc ......Cheers, Islander

--- 帖子 #2637 ---
thanks Islander,

yes I see also the move in DAX today, and look a little in the "SPX and DAX......." thread :-)

will explore that all a little.

wish you all a great day !

cheers

--- 帖子 #2638 ---
Hi Rooi,

yes that's life

You right, getting the best from the markets.

thanks and hope you also have a great Time.

cheers

--- 帖子 #2639 ---
+18 for today

Im still trading this system everyday and last time I spoke with Strada( about a month ago) he was still trading it everyday as well

Im busy as always looking for a longer time frame system and Im working on Davits system http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=497505

Will update every now and again.

Looking forward to the ranges increasing again as it will be much better for this system.

To all the normal posters here I wish you good luck and hope you are making pips.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2640 ---
Hi everybody.

Im new to this thread and would like to know what you guys think about my last trade.

I use Genesis system for entries and Babon system for exits.

Trading TF is M1 and M5 but mostly M1

So heres the trade...

1.

Price is near daily R1 and it seems to lose bullish momentum because it couldnt go much higher.

Stoch M5 just crossed and moving down. Stoch M15 didnt give any signals for going down.

Was to impatient and entered to early.

2.

Stop loss is above the yellow line (ADR)

Price is exhausted near ADR and is not able to move higher.

TMA H1 beyond TMA H4 which means we will have a pull back soon.

3.

A good short enter would be here in my opinion.

4.

PA movement wasnt that good so i exited when price almost touched the TMA M15 line (red dotted line)

Result: 13 Pips

Best regards.

DY

--- 帖子 #2641 ---
Daily ranges seem to be opening up a bit again

+35 and done for the day

--- 帖子 #2642 ---
Hi Dy168

Sorry for not replying earlier but must have missed the post.

Are you sill trading in this way?

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2643 ---
+51 and done

Lot more available,hoping the the ranges can continue widening

--- 帖子 #2644 ---
+25 and done for the day.

--- 帖子 #2645 ---
+45 and done for today

--- 帖子 #2646 ---
First 100 pip move I have seen while trading this system.Didnt catch it though.Only caught about 35% of the move

Strada said they use to come along very often when the volatility was higher.

Hopefully we can have some more of them showing up again as the ranges keep growing

--- 帖子 #2647 ---
Hi Rooi

Thanks for the greeting on the other thread.

For those who are interested this is my situation today. I still have 1/3rd on the table, +17.5 up so far.

GU first entry prior to FO , better ATRs have brought me back.

Regards

Anthm

--- 帖子 #2648 ---
For the record I got what I wanted, total 43.4 for the session and finish.

--- 帖子 #2649 ---
Hi Anthm

Glad to hear you are back.ATR's looking better like you say.

Sorry I missed your post was busy in the other thread.

Here is my 26pips just the one trade for me today.

Looks like you are doing very well again.

Hope we both continue on this road

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2650 ---
Nice one Rooi,

I see that thing has continued its move all the way down to the Daily PP.

We got what we needed that's the main thing.

Have a good day

anthm

EDIT

Make that sailed right on through the PP without a flinch

--- 帖子 #2651 ---
And the same for you

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2652 ---
Looking for that to continue the future

--- 帖子 #2653 ---
Hi Anthm

Cant remember if I asked you this before but that yellow line that says "yesterdays high" is that an indicator or do you do that manually?

--- 帖子 #2654 ---
Its part of the autopivotplotter V2 indi which if I remember correctly I got from the humble and generous Xaphod.

--- 帖子 #2655 ---
Thanks

I will try it.

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2656 ---
Afternoon all

GU, 1st entry FO -26 minutes.

Sitting just in profit with SL set below entry to cover commissions.

TP3 (1/3) still on table.

regards

Anth

--- 帖子 #2657 ---
Finished for the day at +10ish

--- 帖子 #2658 ---
+26 for me again , got out at the low of the Asia session.Might continue but Im happy at that

--- 帖子 #2659 ---
Same trade again.

Nice trading Anthm

I wish Strada would come back and post a chart

--- 帖子 #2660 ---
Hi Rooi

Did we copy cat each other again today?

3 entries for me, 2 loss and 1 win to finish over 30 pips up.

Chart below. First entry FO minus 30 minutes

--- 帖子 #2661 ---
Hi Anthm

Yip.

Same trade

I got + 22 out of it.You squeezed some more out of it.

Nicely done.

--- 帖子 #2662 ---
Hi Rooi

I am quite happy ,

5 days out of 5 all winning days.

Only +7 today, entry 33minutes prior FO, determined not to reenter in order not to spoil the week.

Total for the week 94.2 average 18.8 pips per day.

chart attached have a good weekend from Macau.

Regards

Anthm

EDIT, Just now its broken the BRN at FO-10minutes ,was very unlucky to get shaken out, of course took TP1 at BRN then bounce took me out at Entry+1, hmm nature of the beast at BRN,s I wasn't about to give any banked profit back.

--- 帖子 #2663 ---
Well done Anthm

Good results for the day and week.

I missed your entry and got in late.

I'm long now on the next signal with half off at my Daily pivot.

Got to focus and not chat while trading.

Will update when I'm done

PS-You got mail

--- 帖子 #2664 ---
+24

Got scared on 3rd trade and closed first half for 2.5 and still working on a lot little things like this.For example would it be better to follow my gut or just follow the system.I have been burned hard in the ranging markets the last couple of months not following my gut but now that the markets ADR is opening I might have to be more strict regarding the tp1 = +6 rule.Strada does this very well in all markets.

One thing I have noticed is that the closer I try to follow Strada's rules the better but I need to grow mentally for that but all in time

--- 帖子 #2665 ---
Nice one Rooi , yes G1m working a treat this week. the good signals kept coming into LO

Yes mate Strada is certainly the master, not only is he the master of exploiting for max profits on a good trade but his true talent is getting out quickly on a trade that's not working. He completely seems to be void of emotions with regard to his trading. Its clinical how he executes.

Have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #2666 ---
He has no doubt about making the right decision as he has been trading this way for more than a decade using Bago and now Gen1min.

The experience that he has makes the difference IMHO.We will get there too

Good weekend to you too

--- 帖子 #2667 ---
+ 18

Could have been better and certainly worse

--- 帖子 #2668 ---
Howzit Rooi,

I've just come across your name on another thread too.

I can see those are Heiken Ashi candles on your chart. Are the things at the bottom your MTF stochs? The ones on my charts are lines (more like curves in a cyclical fashion), hence my confusion.

--- 帖子 #2669 ---
That is the Matrix indicator from the Genesis Matrix thread.

Hope that help.

Let me know if you need more info

All the best

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2670 ---
+20 Done

--- 帖子 #2671 ---
Are there any pairs/instruments you favour more than others, or any to avoid?

I've been studying these HTF stochs for a while now. Still nailing down how best to take advantage of it, but I'm absolutely certain that it can be hugely helpful in taking pips from the market.

Best

Lance

--- 帖子 #2672 ---
Hi Lance

I will write a post to update and set out everything nicely as I have been getting lots of questions about it and really need to do it so the process can be smoother for all involved.Less here and there and more complete

I will do it tonight and post it.

Rooi

--- 帖子 #2673 ---
Hello

Can someone please share the latest indicators/template used in this system 'already got the genesis indicators/templates but couldn't match it to get the same as Rooi  template  thanks

--- 帖子 #2674 ---
THIS THREAD IS NOW CLOSED AND IT WILL CONTINUE IN THE FOLLOWING LOCATION

..................................HERE..................................
Reason being that the thread has been through a lot this year of all sorts of everything that was tested and used any many people have come and gone and left there mark both good bad.
I feel I own it to myself and the other traders who want learn from this thread and the traders that like to post here to make it a little bit more users friendly and better laid out.After all we want to be posting our idea and trades for a long time coming and we need some ground rules and structure and this tread is far from it.
​I will move all the important things from this thread to the other thread.
Both this thread is controlled by the "High Impact" restriction to keep it clean.If you want to post please send me a pm and I will put you on my "buddies" list and you will be able to post bearing in mind that you follow the rules outlined
...............Please don't post in this thread again..............

--- 帖子 #2675 ---
There is 0% logic behind.....for me as math/info student.....


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Daily Range PeterE.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1332463?d=1387369210
Atr&CandleLength.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1333534?d=1387486793
SonicR PV Histogram (White).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1333535?d=1387486798
Candles vs Heiken Ashi (black).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1333734?d=1387527593
#MTF Stochastic v2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1339847?d=1388842545
SonicR FFCal Panel (White).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1340716?d=1389005506
trade_history .ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1352149?d=1390291056
!Ultra Stochastic Color Line.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1353421?d=1390402626
SpacedLines.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1354937?d=1390543465
###Auto Pivot2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1354939?d=1390543590
!Ultra Stochastic Color Line.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1357112?d=1390892981
!Ultra Stochastic.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1357127?d=1390894552
ASCTrend1i-Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1360147?d=1391183348
Islanders Sounds.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1360160?d=1391184053
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1364223
P4L Clock.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1364356?d=1391719503
P4L Clock.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1364357?d=1391719520
TVI_v2 real.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1369111?d=1392361497
TVI_v2 real.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1369112?d=1392361502
TDI-MTF v1.02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1370882?d=1392709530
TDI_mtf+alerts.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1370890?d=1392710037
TVI_MTF GenesisMatrix 2.22.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1372905?d=1392907676
GMTS_6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1374986?d=1393296631
Waddah_Attar_Explosion.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1375539?d=1393356504
trade_history .ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1375812?d=1393406797
SQ_showTrades.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1375849?d=1393410742
SQ_showTrades.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1375850?d=1393410751
Stoch-Tape.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1376759?d=1393503975
LFH_Trading_Simulator_3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1377207?d=1393550069
LFH_Simulator_Buy_Close.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1377198?d=1393550034
LFH_Simulator_Buy_Open.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1377199?d=1393550038
LFH_Simulator_Limit_Stop_Buy.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1377200?d=1393550043
LFH_Simulator_Limit_Stop_Buy_Remove.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1377201?d=1393550047
LFH_Simulator_Limit_Stop_Sell.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1377203?d=1393550051
LFH_Simulator_Limit_Stop_Sell_Remove.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1377204?d=1393550056
LFH_Simulator_Sell_Close.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1377205?d=1393550060
LFH_Simulator_Sell_Open.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1377206?d=1393550064
1min mtf stoch _ autobotsgo.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378295?d=1393748627
!Ultra Stochastic Color Line.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378286?d=1393748379
MA in Color_wAppliedPrice.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378287?d=1393748396
GenesisMatrix 2.22.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378288?d=1393748410
ASCTrend1i.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378289?d=1393748430
AllHeikin-Ashi_v2.4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378290?d=1393748458
LFL-ATRprojections.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378293?d=1393748523
Round Numbers Beige.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378294?d=1393748535
Stoch-Tape.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378296?d=1393748786
Stoch-Tape-50line.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378297?d=1393748791
Pivot Points - Daily (Shifted).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378298?d=1393748993
pivot-xpPivot_IIa.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378299?d=1393749004
Trade_Simulator_setup.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378344?d=1393760298
AllStochastics_Auto.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378416?d=1393777083
Color Stochastic v1.04.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1381057?d=1394084889
Color Stochastic v1.04.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1381059?d=1394084903
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1381935
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1381935
MA ribbon filled_Alerts.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1382574?d=1394264508
stochtemp.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1382714?d=1394305194
pipsometer_5_decimal.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1383312?d=1394449838
Spread.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1385342?d=1394689551
Spread.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1385343?d=1394689556
!Ultra Stochastic Color Line.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1385344?d=1394689864
AutoPivotIndicator_ver5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1385345?d=1394689869
AutoPivotIndicator_ver5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1385346?d=1394689875
b-clock_modified.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1385347?d=1394689880
GenesisMatrix 2.21_1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1385348?d=1394689885
GenesisMatrix 2.21_1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1385349?d=1394689890
genesis rooi.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1385351?d=1394689935
SupDem.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1389555?d=1395258403
Trade Sheet March 2014.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1393204?d=1395762095
AllAverages_v2.1 cc.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1393258?d=1395767053
TMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1403258?d=1397062581
TMA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1403667?d=1397102589
Trading Session vLines.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1404728?d=1397202612
Trading Session vLines.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1404768?d=1397203931
Range_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1404781?d=1397204685
Range_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1404782?d=1397204697
rsi chart bars.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1413265?d=1398331244
rsi chart bars.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1413266?d=1398331249
#Top 8 Trenders Indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1423878?d=1399681614
#top 8 trenders all brokers.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1424148?d=1399748999
#top 8 trenders all brokers.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1426646?d=1400069135
SonicR FFCal Panel (White).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427379?d=1400144593
SonicR FFCal Panel (White).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427380?d=1400144598
Sonic_5 FFCal Panel (Black).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427394?d=1400145727
Clive's Histogram CCI.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1429599?d=1400482756
_HOD_LOD_Close_1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1432472?d=1400764702
Clive's Histogram CCI.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1433973?d=1401017789
Clive's 1 minute template.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1434514?d=1401103400
MA histo nmc.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1435163?d=1401181607
HLine Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1445502?d=1402474428
SR_zones.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1475256?d=1406183266
