===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Here is my system my friends all want to get their hands on.I call it My Market Order System and it's just that.It's been making me profits for some time and I hope it does the same for you.This is what you need:1) 3 Level ZZ Semafor Indicator... That's It !THE RULES FOR UP TREND1) Only Trade The Daily Charts2) Ensure You Have A Nice Trend3) ALL TRADES ARE MARKET ORDERS4) Place Your STOP LOSS UNDER The GREEN DOT After It Closes5) Place Your BUY STOP ORDER10 Pips Or So Above The GREEN DOT6) Keep Moving Your Stop UP Every 50 or So Pips7) Close The Trade When A PINK or RED DOT Appears.That's It !

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Thanks Bob for sharing this. But how do you ensure a nice trending market? Do you use moving average to do that?

--- 帖子 #3 ---
To check to see which way the market is trending...

eg: BULLISH MARKET:

Open you 4H Chart and see if it making it's way up.

Do the same on the Daily and to confirm check the Weekly Chart too.

If they are all trending upwards this would be an UP TREND....

The chart above is a UP TREND...

If it is a DOWN TREND just look for the opposite signs..

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Hi Thanks for your system, looks interesting, but i'm a bit confused as your chart shows you using the pink dots for trading but your explanation talks about the yellow dots. Would be good if you could show some more examples

many thanks

Martin

--- 帖子 #5 ---
does this repaint ?

--- 帖子 #6 ---
On lower timeframes it normally repaints.....but I doubt it would do so on daily!

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Hi ukmartini I do use the PINK & YELLOW markers the YELLOW or #3 are the stronger indication of the next move.

I suppose it can repaint that's why I use Market Orders. That way if it does reverse there is no loss because the trade would not have been triggered.

Another way you could use it is wait for an Engulfing candle in the opposite direction after the pink or yellow marker.

Best idea is test it on a demo account till you fine tune it to your own liking.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Hi Bob

Thanks for the clarification, I'll be giving it a go on demo

Martin

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Mr Bobhowson, as I write this there is a pink zemafor on the Audjpy DAILY...for clarification...how would we trade this?

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #11 ---
The 3 level ZZ repaint??

Nope.

Works exactly as it was designed........ does it move on a new HH/LL... yep.

--- 帖子 #12 ---
But Bob said it repaints

--- 帖子 #13 ---
It moves with the market, which it's designed to do... some call it repainting.... excellent indicator, can be a bit heavy on the cpu with multiple charts.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
There is a couple of things I forgot to mention ...

I NEVER trade on a sideways trend...such as the AUDJPY at the moment.

Also if you download the Semafor it may show a light brown indicator, change this to BLACK, so it dows not show on your chart background.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Hey bob,

Do you trade the same system in your trade explorer?

If yes, then i must say, its very interesting!

Best Regards,

PrinceWahaj

--- 帖子 #16 ---
hi master bobhowson, iam happy to see you.. i like your indicator but iam not understand yet haw to OP buy or sell.. would you like to give me example haw do you trade? thanks

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Hi Bob Howson. Your Trade Explorer results look impressive but looking closer your average losing trade is -16%. Is this your normal account risk? If it is then do you think it will get a margin call fairly soon?

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Hello guy's,

i'm bit confusing to this system, it's first time for me to using buy stop so i  have to understand what have to do, any advice or link where i can get that information without bother you ?

About know nice trend Bob can you give to us and immage with example ? Or explain it well ?

Take care, best regards

--- 帖子 #19 ---
impressive indeed....but i second your opinion: trading daily charts (as the thread starter said) and using such high leverage that 10 pips mean 10% of account.....there is only one way it can go.

and by the fact that TE has gone...i think it has already happend

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Guys,

I think, Bob got stopped out in his account and that is why, his trade explorer is detached, as i remember, there was -76% return and the trade were still running.

By the way, Its not a good system in my view because of largest draw-down, I would stay away from these kinds of systems, but maybe, thread starter have done some mistakes in his account and maybe you lose his account because of mistake, Just wondering and waiting for the thread starter to explain.

Best Regards,

PrinceWahaj

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Hi Everyone,

I made the big mistake of being too greedy and using too big of an investment in my trades and could ride the losses.

I'm endeavouring to regain my losses, might take a week or so.....

But I'm still sticking with this system....

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Hey bob,

Please explain your system a little bit more so that i could check that what this system have done in past!

As you said, you forgot to mention a lot of things, so what about them?

Best Regards,

PrinceWahaj

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Hi Guys,

Just reposted a new pic which shows everything much better.

I Hope !

Cheers !

Bob
PS: PLEASE TRY ON DEMO ACCOUNT FIRST....

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Hey Bob,

Thank you for updating the post!

Few questions, Hope you wouldn't mind to answer them.

- If immediately we exit from the trade and the dot would repainted, so would we delete our next pending order also?

- If the dot is not disappeared but not reached to the execution level in 24 hours (1 Day), so would we delete it or we will wait for the market to touch the level?

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Thanks for sharing but on your 2nd picture as you said exit when the pink dot appear and you have marked as 270 pips profit. I think the red dot was appeared earlier than what you marked on your picture as the dot is repainting.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Hi mario, the red dot ( SELL Signal ) did appear earlier that's why you MUST wait for the close of that candle before entering the SELL trade. Then you place your SELL Stop Order 10 or so pips underneath the CLOSED candle.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Good Morning wahaj, if the trade has not executed leave your Market Order in place. Sometimes it may take a few days for the order to execute and I've NEVER known for this not to happen.

Regards,

Bob

--- 帖子 #28 ---
If the dot is moved to lets say another bar high, so would we adjust our pending order according to the closing level of repainted signal bar?

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Your right on the mark there, wahaj. But I've never had that happen to me so far and I've been using this system for around 6 months now.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Hi Bob thankyou for sharing your system,

A question please as per chart should I pull out of this trade now the pink circle has appeared?

Regards Peter Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #31 ---
I will Try it and give you my Feed back

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Hi Orid,

Yes !

I would close this trade at the CLOSE of this candle.

Then place your Stop under the PINK Dot then place your BUY Order 10 pips above the top

Also download the other Semafor and template I have on this page, it is much better.

It will give you the GREEN for BUY & RED for SELL, instead of the yellow dot.

Regards,

Bob

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Another way you could trade this pair Orid after you close the trade, is place a SELL STOP ORDER under the pink indicator and wait for it to come back down which it will. I don't think it will climb that much at this stage I feel it will drop much further before it continues to resume it's up trend. It will need to hit it's pivot point first, which would be the GREEN Dot.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Thanks Bob, what "time frame" do you use?and best for this indicatr

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Bob just trying to get this right .

So you dont close as soon as the  new disc appears, you wait till the end of the candle which is quite a few hours away?

can the new disc dissappear in the mean time so you would leave the trade open , or can the new disc dissapear if pa reverses?

Regards Peter

ps thanks for updated semafor

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Hi Bob ,  deleted old semafor  added new one colours are the same, I can alter them manually so no big deal .

just thought id mention it incase other people had same experience.

Regards Peter

edit  whoops just realized colours ok with your template , exept  chocolate ones are showing which i believe you change to none.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Hey bob,

I will start visual back-testing today if time permits me.

I am currently testing EU daily chart, i hope that the results would be good.

Best Regards,

PrinceWahaj

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Hi Bob

I like your ideas very much as I don't like scalping

What I'm looking at is using Heikin Ashi candles and taking a trade after the  yellow dot and then a change in colour. I think you will only enter the trade a bit later than your method, but hopefully it might be a more solid signal. I took two trades a few hours ago, a long on Eur/Usd and a short on Usd/Chf, I'll let  you know how things work out.

Martin

--- 帖子 #39 ---
some i went in late but working well today. btw  Bob im keeping the yellow because im  very colourblind especially with red and green hope you dont mind

Regards Peter Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Hello Bob,

Your system is performing good in 2013 type market, because the market was too much trending on EU PAIR, but only on single pair, the draw-down is too big. You would need to trade 0.01 lot for $1000 account if you want to trade 10 pairs, or you can trade with 0.1 lot for $1000 account. That is not a final MM plan, you should change it according to your need. (Just a suggestion in the light of visual draw-down)

I would like to inform you that the results are not impressive, especially in the market like 2006. Also be informed that these are the stats of EU Pair Daily Chart.

Semafor Trading - 2006

1- 9th Jan = Trade executed and reached on SL = -118

2- 25th Jan = Trade executed and closed on dot = +159

3- 28th Feb = Trade executed and closed on dot = +148

4- 21st March = Trade executed and reached on SL = -85pips

5- 6th April = Trade executed and reached on SL = -223

6- 21st April = Trade executed and reached on SL = -136

7- 9th May = Trade executed and reached on SL = -192

8- 11th May = Trade executed and reached on SL = -105

9- 15th May = Trade executed and reached on SL = -215

10- 6th June = Trade executed and closed on dot = +236

11- 26th June = Trade executed and closed on dot = +193

12- 20th July = Trade executed and closed on dot = +149

13- 9th August = Trade executed and reached on SL = -150

14- 22nd August = Trade executed and closed on dot = +82

15- 21st September = Trade executed and reached on SL = -118

16- 12th October = Trade exeucted and reached on SL = -68

17- 16th October = Trade exeucted and closed on dot = +100

18- 13th November = Trade executed and reached on sl = -97

19- 6th December = Trade executed and closed on dot = +182

Grand Total = -258pips

Semafor Trading - 2013

1 - 11th Jan: Dot Repainted to next bar and Trade not executed.

2 - 12th Jan: Sell Trade executed and reached to SL = -76pips

3 - 25th Jan: Trade not executed and Dot repainted to 29th Jan Bar.

4 - 29th Jan: Dot Repainted to next bar and Trade not executed.

5 - 30th Jan: Dot Repainted to next bar and Trade not executed.

6 - 31th Jan: Dot Repainted to next bar and Trade not executed.

7 - 1st  Feb: Sell Trade Executed - Closed on Pink dot = +202pips

8 - 26th Feb: Buy Trade executed and reached to SL = -120pips

9 - 1st  Mar: Trade not executed and Dot repainted to 6th March's Bar.

10 - 6th Mar: Buy Trade Executed and reached to SL on 8th March = -125pips

11 - 8th Mar: Dot Repainted to 13th March bar and Trade not executed.

12 - 13th Mar: Dot Repainted to next bar and Trade not executed.

13 - 14th March: Placed Pending Order 10 pips above on the high.

14 - 15th March: Buy Trade Executed and reached to SL = -139pips

15 - 19th March: Trade Executed and reached to SL = -144pips

16 - 27th March: Trade Executed and reached to SL = -135pips

17 - 4th April : Trade Executed and closed on dot = +123pips

18 - 17th April: Trade Executed and closed on dot = +3pips

19 - 2nd May: Trade Exeucted and closed on dot = +161pips

20 - 19th June: Trade Executed and closed on dot = +304pips

21 - 10th July: Trade Executed and closed on dot = +103pips

22 - 8th August: Trade Executed and reached on SL = -98pips

23 - 20th August: Trade Executed and closed on dot = +91pips

24 - 9th September: Trade Executed and closed on dot = +321pips

25 - 23rd September: Trade Executed and reached on SL = -96pips

26 - 2nd October: Trade Executed and reached on SL = -92pips

27 - 4th October: Trade Executed and closed on dot = +34pips

28 - 29th October: Trade Executed and Closed on dot = +251pips

29 - 18th November: Trade Executed and closed on dot = +40pips

30 - 2nd Jan2014 : Trade Exeucted and closed on dot = +88pips

Grand Total: 696 pips

I hope that helps you and others.

Best Regards,

PrinceWahaj

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Hi PrinceWahaj,

Im fairly new here so bear with me when I ask how you get such large minuses on hitting SL in your findings.

when rules set by Bob say sl under dot  which i think 50 - 60 pips then enter trade 10 pips other side of dot so stop loss shouldnt be more than 60 - 70 pips

Please correct me  if im wrong , heh i usually am . just trying to understand your backtests

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Hello orid and bob,

Correct me if i understood the rules wrongly.

Entry and Exit rules:

SELL: When the number 3 dot appears, if the dot was on the TOP, so we will take this candle's low + 10 pips more below for Sell Stop Order, and the SL would be above the DOT, and Closing of the trade will be on the first dot with closed candle of 2nd or 3rd number DOT depend on which one appears first.

BUY: When the number 3 dot appears, if the dot was on the BOTTOM, so we will take this candle's high + 10 pips more above for Buy Stop Order and the SL would be below the DOT and Closing of the trade will be on the first dot with closed candle of 2nd or 3rd number DOT depend on which one appears first.

@Orid that's why we have too much minuses, the dots repaints badly and that is the cause.

Best Regards,

PrinceWahaj

--- 帖子 #43 ---
I see what you mean PrinceWahaj.

I think Bob needs to come in here and explain ,

I may be wrong, but I thought we were to place order  10 pips below  disc for sell with sl just above disc ,

then if disc repaints higher order is not hit and you then  move sell  order up this way you keep stop loss to minimum usually around 40 pips.

Makes good sense to me ,But I may be wrong.

hopefully bob will set us straight.

thanks for working on this Princewahaj all helps (280 pips today so far on this )

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #44 ---
I would like to have Bobhowson here and explain about entry rules again, because all in all, the picture shows my info correct.  I may be wrong also as a human.

Best Regards,

PrinceWahaj

--- 帖子 #45 ---
here ya go  notice stop loss is  43 pips or so,  although i think i should have waited for close   Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Hello guy's

Anyone got problem with repainting ?

I mean indicator move with price, is hard to find and open position or i have only to wait and spend some time?

What about using it with lower time frame? (4h and 1h)?

Thank's and take care, Bob's thank's for sharing it !

--- 帖子 #47 ---
350 pips today and still going  ,(on demo)beginners luck ??

Hi hyperfire well it doesnt repaint after close of candle me thinks so as long as you keep order below disc for sell , im doing ok on 4 hr too.

wish bob would chime in im not good at explaining
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Hello,

I see, thank's Orid. I've check on 4H right now i try to open some position on 1H i'm near a 3 sell stop, let's see what happend.

Anyone already use it on live account ?

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Hi Orid

I think you've had beginners luck, the ZZ can repaint at any time, so it is pretty risky entering where you have done, but you're only on a demo so doesn't really matter.

I think Bob means to enter 10 pips above/below the candle where the yellow dot is.

Martin

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Hello again,

Ukmartin, i agreed with you. Only way to use this indicator is with buy/sell stop position.

Right now i just use it on live micro account, let's see what happend.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Im off to bed should close trades if live but demo and no new discs yet  so locked in 200 pips leave and see

unbelievably im up 50 pips on h4 also  , exiting system. cheers Bob

nighty all ,

Peter

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Good night Orid !

--- 帖子 #53 ---
agreed Martin but i mainly did that one to show where i put order and sl , which im not sure is correct

all my other trades that are doing well ,were done earlier today after yesterday candle close. also entered late  because my bedtime.he he

good night all

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hello,

About the test, i've suspend it due to problem with my internet connection, let's see tomorrow what that can do for my this strategies.

Take care, and read you soon guy's !!

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Morning evening all

Well beginners luck still good over 450 pips and counting , just close au /usd on new pink disc and placed buy order.

Regards Orid Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #56 ---
whoops that was mistake on au us  twas on 4 hr  shouldnt have closed

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Thanks for the info

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Hey bob,

Please read the previous posts and let us know the exact rules, we all are confused.

Should we take the low of candle for sell trade or should we take the close of candle for sell? or Orid is correct in the rules?

Best Regards,

PrinceWahaj

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Hi Guys !

Sorry if I have confused everyone, I have a habit of doing that sometimes.

This is what I do with this trading system......

But remember I'm only a newbie too and not an expert, so maybe between us all we can  improve on this Semafor System.

SELL TRADE: this would be the end of an RISING TREND

Eg: Candle with RED DOT ( Or Yellow If You Wish )

1) Place your SELL STOP ORDER at the BOTTOM of the CLOSED CANDLE 10 Pips Below If You Wish.

2) Place your SL ABOVE the RED DOT

So in other words the RED DOT is indicating us to SELL !

The RED DOT will not move once this candle is closed UNLESS the next candle decides to go further UP.

If it does move your SL ABOVE once again and move the SELL STOP ORDER Up also.

The image in this post is a current trade I'm in with the NZDUSD

--- 帖子 #60 ---
I think the idea of placing your SELL STOP ORDER under the dot may be a better idea.

I will try this on the next up and coming trades...

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Hey Bob,

Now, no one will get confused. Thank you very much for explanation.

You may find my older posts helpful in this topic, please have a look on back-tests, these are the verified back-tests by me, and if the person didn't have fear, he/she would took these all trades, and the results, you can see.

Best Regards,

PrinceWahaj

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Hi Bob

Do you have much of an issue of the dot repainting after the order is triggered?

cheers

Martin

--- 帖子 #63 ---
When they say repaints does that mean if in an up trend the DOT declines ?

If so I've never had an issue.

This is my latest trade below only placed it a few minutes ago...

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Yes thats right

Repainting is the dot moving after the candle has closed so on the chart you posted, if the Cad/Chf went lower than the candle with the green dot, it would repaint on to the new low candle.

Martin

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Hi Bob , yes that is how I traded  yesterday , I apologise as I caused the confusion , I misunderstood your post s 32 and 33 which to me reffered to the dots rather than candles , sorry for the misunderstanding.

Mind you it worked very well

I managed 680 pips on closing today on the  daily that was with a 35 pip trailing stop on two of them

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Hello Bob and all user,

I check this indicator and is awesome during daily chart but, if you got a lower time frame can you get a repaint, i mean if you got the yellow dot on top of the candle and market price move up the yellow dot move with it, same stuff if you got a first candle with yellow dot, at price 1,2000 for example, if the second candle got higher price like 1,2200 the yellow dot move on this candle, that's for me wanna mean repaint, or maybe i not understand what wanna mean it. However with lower time frame this indicator have some problem, but on daily chart appear very cool !

Thank's for sharing.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Hello again,

There is an example about USDCAD Daily chart, right now i put this sell stop order, what you think Bob, USD going down and let us to take much profit  !? If have any advice for place order let me know! About level of semafor indicator why we have to remove brown signal?

Thank's take and take care always !

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Hi Hyperfire

Looks like a valid set up to me

I think we remove the brown signal as it is the weakest

Martin

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Hello Ukmartin,

Thank's hope it going lower and let's have profit , about brown dot i think you are right.

I just check other indicator to use with this, maybe can be help us to know where market going.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Hi

BOB pls tell me the colour code what u use

#0

#1

#2

#3

#4

#5

Thanks

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Hi guys, USDCAD is a valid trade and your also on the money about the small brown dots, which are the weakest signal.

It's upto you if you want to trade them.

Just something I've noticed is your pip value is different to mine. Right now my chart is reading 1.09242

Just thought I'de mention it...

Cheers back for some more zzzzzzz now

--- 帖子 #72 ---
My Colours............

YELLOW #0
YELLOW #1
RED #2
RED #3
GREEN #4
RED #5

Good Night Everyone

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Hey Bob,

Thank's so much, yes i've see the value are not the same, i don't know if i can adjust it same to yours.

Good night and take care, see you tomorrow i let you know if order was close in profit !

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Hello to all,

Still nothing for the moment, order that i put on USD/CAD is still freezed, market not have any kind of change i follow it untill sleep time, after that i decide to close or let it go.

See you later, always take care !

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Another lovely morning here in Oz, this candle is due to close in 2 hours or so.

I have a pending SELL STOP ORDER in place below the current candle. I feel there will be some profit before week is out.

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Hi bobhowson,

I saw in H1 for NZUSD. Right now here is an Head and Shoulder Pattern. So, as per you assumption market go SELL. Can I send you that image?

Best

Fuad

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Hi, yes I already have a SELL trade in this pair and in profit 20+ pips at this stage.

Thanks for the heads up though.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
I closed my Cad/Chf at break even, not sure if this was a good move or not, what did you do with it Bob?

Martin

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Goodmorning to all !

I've got a bad result yesterday night, let's see what happend during morning session.

Always take care !

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Guy's what do you think about Trailing stop ? Is good idea put that option, or you prefer move stop loss manually ?

--- 帖子 #81 ---
I think that you could help by using moving averages to understand the trend and be very careful when you go against it. I personally use three exponential moving averages 21-100-200 and a Strength Currency meter

regards

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Hello Marred,

Thank's for you reply and tips right now i just using TDI and Stocastic for helping to find right way, but i still have some problem.

I'm gonna to to sent the 3 exponential ma (all 3 in open?) like you, thank's again for the tips, i let you know if work for me.

Take care.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
I think thats good advice Marred

Are you trading this system?

Martin

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Hello Hyperfire,

Please don't take my words personal, i don't meant to hijack the thread. The system can be improved BUT!

That is the reality of these kinds of system, Believe it or not, the draw-down is too big and without good MM plan or even weak MM plan, system can destroy full account, just like the year 2006 and 2007.

I was also wondered when the thread starter posted his idea, then i cross checked each and every signal. Ofcourse past performance has nothing to do with future performance but still, it has some relation and it is the only way to know that if the system can be profitable in long run or not.

I like the suggestion of Marred, we should not only rely on Semafor indicator because it will keep repaint the bars when there is a new high. If you need a non-repainting version, just let me know and i will be happy to post here, but for now, i don't want to disappoint the thread starter.

Candlestick patterns can help us in understanding that if there can be a reversal or market will continue to move in one direction.

I am not saying that just try and blow your account, i am just warning you guys because it can be done any time with you.

Best Regards and Wish you a lot of green pips.

PrinceWahaj

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Hello Wahaj,

Thank's for your word, i know semafor traing have a big problem with repaint, and can be a problem !

I'm off lunch is ready ! See you later guy's !

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Hi Ukmartin,

I started a few days ago and it seems a good system. The daily time frame is good to avoid false signals but you should always be very careful when we move against the trend. We can also use the correlations to ensure that the price goes in the desired direction

This website can help you with correlations  http://www.investing.com/forex-tools...ion-calculator

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Hi Bob , please let me know if its ok to post these results, as I am entering on the bottom of the dot instead of candle , with remarkable results so far.

seems less risk regarding SL as well .

as you see on this chart I would only just be entering if it was on candle , yet trade is already up45 pips, I will keep trading this way and post the results if you dont mind?

Regards Peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Well done Orid

It does seem a risky idea, but you seem to be doing well, how many trades have you taken and have they all been winners.

Are you only entering in the direction of the trend, or either way?

Martin

--- 帖子 #89 ---
That's great your doing well Pete, so post away. I've also change to that idea after you told me what you were doing.

Great job !

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Hi guys.  Allow me to add my 2 cents to how I trade the semafors.  I use 4 timeframes.  15M 1H 4H and D.  For buy signals I look for a strong green semafor forming on the 4H or D charts.  I like to line up the semafor with a support level.  I look for a semafor to appear on the 15M chart and I buy at the close of that semafor candle on the 15M chart.  I set my stop below the 15M semafor candle.  Its usually about a 10-20 pip stop.  This has a LOT less drawdown.  If the semafor on the 15M chart holds and price moves up, I move my stop to break even when a red semafor appears.  I continue to do this until the 4H or D Semafor candle holds.

Exiting is a little different.  I don't use the semafors to exit as I like to cut my losers short and let my winners run.  semafors repaint so I set a target and put a takeprofit there.  I like to raise my stop as it moves up...I do this with price action.

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Hi Martin  , im from uk also west midlands moved to aus 34 yrs ago.

any way  I  gave up on  ,"the trend is your friend"  (now you think im crazy heh?)   unless very strong.even so the one im in now i posted is looking good

being fairly new may I ask why you think its more risky/ I thought less risky as stop loss is much less and is a fixed amount,

and i try to enter at least 20 pips after the dot so a little momentum

My results are remarkable to say the least but early days maybe after 6 months may be better indication . or at least 6 weeks .

13 trades but very messy as ive been trying different things instead of sticking to bobs rules

eg at least 5 have hit a trailing stop or a BE +5

One trade au us put on by mistake on H4  which i closed at - 20 ( went on to win and stiil going )

1 other is on last post gb/  us also entered by mistake on H4   doh - 26 at mo but i think will come good

the thing is most of the trades have gone on if id stuck to bobs rule of 50 pip stops.

Ive also tried quite a few of the other systems here  very intensely on ff and never had such promising results .from the start

Regards  Peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Some advice here please guys  ,

I think if im gonna post my results I should keep to most of  Bobs rules , 50 pip stops, close on new disc ,and stick to the enter on disc + 20 pips (not in BOBS rules)

bare chart ,  + semafor

no ma or resistance levels.

really simple

With bobs permission of course

any suggestions appreciated?

if good after next week ill go on my live account.

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #93 ---
sent you a PM martin

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Hi Peter

West Midlands to Australia, I know which one I would prefer, and it's not here    lol

The reason I thought it was risky to enter so soon is because the change if direction isn't really confirmed and the dot can repaint, but I must say that so far I haven;t seen the daily big dot repaint yet, don't know if anyone else has?

Martin

--- 帖子 #95 ---
thanks Martin .

hi Shiner 452 how succesful are you with your method please?

well the  GB/US mistaken entry came good have to rename myself mr lucky?

just placed the 50 pip stops
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

regards peter

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Yes the 3 semafor will repaint if price carries on. I saw it repaint twice on UsdCad, the 3 semafor appeared 2 bars back. I adjusted the sell stop order each day.

Also, here is an interesting one for you on AudUsd, my sell stop was triggered under the 2 semafor, trailing stop and a 3 semafor appeared 3 days later so I have a buy stop order in place, if it does not trigger today I will adjust it to the moving semafor.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
showing my inexperience here. but

Why is it such a big deal with some people because an indicator  repaints ? not you norm .

I really think its an advantage in some cases , at least a repainting indi is being honest by saying  look i was wrong price, isnt reversing here after all but may reverse further up here , ahem if you know what I mean.

where as a non repainting indi will say enter here and thats the end of it .

now to get my butt kicked by you nice people.

Peter

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Hi Norm

Personally I wouldn't enter on a level 2 signal (pink) as they are not as strong. I am in a long on Aud/Usd from yesterday, I thought it might repaint a few minutes ago, but it held, so it might go up now.

Martin

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Sir Bob,

Our NZUSD tp hip today.. yeah!!!

Time to cheers!

Best

Fuad

--- 帖子 #100 ---
The way I figure it is, if you place your BUY STOP ORDER above a GREEN Dot which is a BUY signal.

If it repaints the trade would not be triggered. So all you would need to do is readjust your entries.

For example in the current AUDUSD pair at the moment.

With this system patience is very important, remember :nerd:

Also I don't mind if we all can improve on this system so do a bit of experimenting. I would love to read the different ways you trade with it.

--- 帖子 #101 ---
** hit

--- 帖子 #102 ---
EXCELLENT !

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Hi Martin,

I had a BUY Stop Order in @ 0.82744 and at the moment I'm around only 4 pips in profit. I reckon this trade will run into next week or so with profits.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
spot on

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Well !

It's just about my bedtime over here in Oz.

I hope you all made lots of pips through the week and I hope there's many more to come.

If you wish feel free to join me on my Facebook FOREX Page...
http://www.facebook.com/groups/bobhowson/

We would love to have you along

Keep Safe, Keep Healthy & Happy

Cheers !

From Australia

--- 帖子 #106 ---
my birthday tomorrow,

if you would all like to donate 100 dollars to my live account  please feel free ,  he he

--- 帖子 #107 ---
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Pete !

Have A Top Day Tomorrow

--- 帖子 #108 ---
thankyou

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Hi Bob

I hope your right it's not looking like it wants to go up yet, but on the other hand it has tried and failed to go down and this area has been a previous reversal point.

this is my first trade with your system, so would be nice to make a few pips

Martin

--- 帖子 #110 ---
G'day Martin, just woke up feeling peckish ready for a 3 o'clock snack...lol !

This time of the week the markets start to slow and they have pulled back on a few trades I have.

I'm up around 21 pips on the pair as I write.

I'll be checking all my trades just before the market closes, which is 9am my time.

Back to get a few more zzzzz

Have a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Guys

Im interested .......would a scanner help at all

My platform has 55 swaps what if I managed to get a scanner written that at the end of each day would tell you any swap that had a 3 ball in fixed position ?

You could then just zoom in on the swaps indicated or I could then get an EA to write out the orders taking its info from the scanner output ?

I dont mind getting it built and posted here ..it cannot be used for back testing due to repaint issues but with 55 swaps and run on demo it will give a good indication to its viability

What you all think ??

Paulus

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Hi Bob , it is a correct way to put the BUY STOP ?

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Hi Bob

Before I try and do this ...especially as it may be posted here if people want it do you me doing it,this is your thread

Would it help ?

It can list all swaps,any time frames but primarily daily and 4 hour ??

And indicate 3 ball in place only or 2 ball as well ??

End of day will be midnight GMT ??

Would you like any other variables built into the indicator which can be changed by the user ??

Cheers

Paulus

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Hello guys,

I noticed much talk about repainting of the Semafor. Here is an alternative indicator that does not repaint. So, it can be used for backtesting.

You have to adjust settings, colors and dot sizes before using it.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Ive just put the none repainting semaphor on my chart and compared just the biggest swing signals which are the circles with 3 in on the repainting version

I looked at August to current date on CADCHF Daily and got the following results

NT means there was a 3 ball but no trigger the next day ....the pips value is the max any triggered trade went to ,so is not the actual number of pips you would of gained

NT NT 173 NT -47 NT 292 NT 121 NT NT 268 NT NT NT NT NT NT -64 NT -79 and then the last signal is the one hi lighted on the CADCHF chart daily which triggered Friday

So the sequence is 173 -47 292 121 268 -64 -79

Maximum movement pips gained but not achieved 664

Using the type of stop I personally use on daily charts I get 89 -47 215 30 198 -64  21= + 353 pips

Which I think is great for 1 swap plus we have gained a winner going from-79 to +21

Strike rate over that 6 month period  71% which again short time test but healthy figures

Now add in all the majors ...... looks very promising

Paulus

--- 帖子 #116 ---
i tried the non repainting semaphor but all i got was a bunch of small circles is this right?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Hi Paulus

Thanks for that testing, the results look promising, I've been having a think about this system myself over the weekend and thought it might be a good idea that after getting the signal on the daily timeframe, we drop down to the H1 and then look for a pullback and then enter in the direction from  the D1.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Hi, I would place the BUY Stop just above the candle, but only AFTER the candle is or about to CLOSE.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Thanks for doing this for us Paulus, very much appreciated.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Many of your signals seem to be wrong, maybe you have the colours or settings wrong.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
im using indreks non repaining semaphor indi from post 114 , haven tchanged anything?

maybe should just stick with the stock indicator, people seem to be having success with it

--- 帖子 #122 ---
I posted the non repainting indicator for the purpose of backtesting if someone wants to do it. As I mentioned, it needs adjustments - the color and size of dots is changeable.

It is easy to figure out visually, which dots are which, to match it with ordinary Semafor: grey is Semafor1, green is Semafor2 and red Semafor3. Basically, you need only red for entries and green for exits.

In inputs you can adjust how far the dots are from candles.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
I think this style of trading can be profitable.  What attracts me to it the most is the fact that it is trading off the daily chart.  I work a full time job so I'm unable to trade during the day.  The daily chart is right up my alley so I'm curious to see how this thread turns out.

Thanks to all those who are contributing and sharing their ideas.

Paulus, I think your idea of creating an EA to notify us of the 3 ball is great.  I'm not great with converting GMT to my time (PST) so I request if possible that you allow the EA to have an option to change the time that the scan begins.  I trade with Oanda so I get a new daily candle at 9pm PST, which works well for my situation.  So if you could add an option for the user to choose the time the scan is done that would be great.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Big thankyou to Paulus and  indrek.

Paulus may I ask if you kept to entering on candle close or just above below dot please?

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #125 ---
ok will include time variable when i send off the details

If short i would enter 1 pip below the low of the 3 balls candle..the 3 balls would be on top of the candle

here s the current signal on CADCHF

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Hi Bob Howson  your indicator is not good enough but also very very good , I really enjoy ur indicator also lov ur trading style ,Thanks for share this indicator with us

Keep it & carry on

Thanks

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Thanks for the great feedback

--- 帖子 #128 ---
my 4 hr trades today so far, this system is very promising

Regards Peter Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #129 ---
my Daily trades so far today  total of apprx 160 pips for both time frames

Regards peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #130 ---
hi orid ! so the 4 hour timeframe are also tradetable ?

--- 帖子 #131 ---
seems good so far cross fingers

early days

--- 帖子 #132 ---
I will get

Daily

4Hr

1Hr scanner

Also a time variable for broker time and start of new candle

This will be an indicator that sits on a chart that updates once for daily 8 times for 4 hour charts 24 times for hourly charts

I will get the ind to pick 2 ball as well as 3 ball as a variable

And I will get a complete list of swaps listed as variables ,so you should be able to follow 3 ball on daily on just EU or all swaps over 3 time frames over to balls by adjusting parameters in the indy

This is a picture of a scanner that was built for me a couple months ago for something entirely different but works well ,this new scanner will look similar and sits on a blank chart.

If results are good the scanner can send orders via an EA for auto operation if we think its warranted

--- 帖子 #133 ---
apologise if this has been covered by as Bob states trading with the trend is the best eg in down trends a weak rally followed by a  strong down move

But I have noticed using 3 ball only you need to look way back to get a feel for the trend as shown on the screen shot

With the 2 ball albeit this may be risker  ?? ( I dont know) we can see you can def pick out the trend and trade the 2 balls accordinly

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Subscribed!

Just read the whole thread.  You know, this method could easily lend itself to an EA - its so mechanical, should work wonderfully.  Especially if you're not always at the charts - like me.  Wish I could test it out but unfortunately coding seems as complicated as brain surgery to me lol!

Anyone else here keen to give it a bash?

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Il get the scanner done 1st the Ea will follow if we all think its viable..and primarily need to run it past Bob 1st

I have a guy that codes for me that Ive found to be very good and professional once Ive written the rules for the scanner it normally takes 3-5 days to get it done I will then post it here for all to use

P

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Many thanks Paulus you are a legend ,

Im trading at the mo only in direction of  no 3 ball eg if a 3 ball buy signal,  enter , then out at next pink or no 3

if a second  pink forms re enter in same direction as original no 3.

well hope that makes sense can hardly understand it myself lol l

Regards Peter

ps. closed these this morning on pink discs appearing on H4 trades  + 170 pips rest still going
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #137 ---
I exit slightly differently still use opposing dot but then move dot accordingly

Ideally I like to risk 5% on every trade so take entry to stop loss and calculate 5% of bank then take TP at 2 x 5% so winners are 10% losers 5% RR of 2;1

Advantage over existing exit is that if you have a large entry bar and lose say 60 pips then you have 3 winners on a small entry bar of 15 pips each even though you have 3 winners and 1 loser you still end up losing

An EA im running on another system looks at the account and automatically calculates 5% and uses that figure it does that for every trade so all trade are equal regardless of pip size also if I then take a trade on another swap with a different pip value then the EA will also convert that to 5% of the account so all trades no matter what size the bars over all swaps are equal

Not sure if can be implemented here Il take a look

P

--- 帖子 #138 ---
sorry Paulus what do you mean by move dot accordingly

--- 帖子 #139 ---
without back testing I cant tell if its more profitable here but this is the principle I employ else where

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Great stuff Paulus thanks for explaining,

must say I cant seem to do much wrong at the moment on this method , cant thank bob and you other guys enough

Mind you i have to admit to having beginners luck before for 2 weeks on different method and then it fell  to pieces.

.very  impressive , hope it keeps up.

going on live account next week if all it goes on like this.

i did have a 90 pip loss yesterday on daily

regards peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #141 ---
orid please keep us posted. im also having preliminary success with this system

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Nice im looking not trading the system atm

the more I look the more jumps out to my already said by Bob

To trade the trend results in fewer attempted failed trades

If a swap is heading down then the semaphor will keep trying to pick the bottoms ..this can results in several failed trades before the actual bottom goes in

So if a swap trend for a couple weeks things could get hairy on the account front,in a chop market then the system I think comes into its own which is normal the reverse for every other system out there....the big question is when are we in chop and when are we about to trend...we can narrow that down I think

Look at the circles given by the none lag indy trying to pick bottoms in down trend now compare that to the circles going with the trend ..they almost pick every retracement

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Hi blamshakk nice to hear you are doing ok,

so far on that daily account  since 10th  its up around 550 pips despite some bad wrong trades i entered to begin with around - 300

also i started a h4 account monday which is up 220 approx. ( on this post)

Does anyone know how to work actual pips out without having to check every trade manually as im working, estimating on dollars?

here is the H4

Edit mind you the mistakes count of course as we  make mistake s  live also  he he

but still not bad at all
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Hi Paulus on your chart i would only enter in direction of last no 3 and only enter sells . Does that work better?

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Hi Guys, everything is going great guns here and it looks like we are all doing well.

Yesterday I had this idea of trying to bank 100 pips each day. So I'm setting my targets at only 30 pip lots which seems very easy to do with this system. So if I'm trading 5 pairs I will try and get 39 pips for each pair, so far so good.

Also someone wrote about keeping track of your trades, I have uploaded a file I use which may be helpful.

Good Luck Pipsters

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Currently I'm in a micro account and it seems that a Volume of 0.5 = $0.50 per pip &  0.10 = $1.00 per pip and so on....

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #147 ---
yes thanks Bob i already calculate that way , ill try that indi you posted .

Peter

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Hi my friends,

this TMA line can help us to understand where the price is in that moment

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Good thread Bobhowson, I'm in ! Thanks for sharing.

Will demo with the following tweak: I will take all 4H signals in line with the daily yellow dot, meaning that if we have last yellow dot on top, I will take only short signals on 4H. Hope that makes sense. Right now, I have pending sell on AUDCAD and EURCAD and pending long on CADJPY.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #150 ---
found this beauty

doesnt include present trades

regards Peter Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached File(s)   iHistory v1.8.mq4

17 KB
|
469 downloads

--- 帖子 #151 ---
damn another mistake forgot sl on that gb/ aud

--- 帖子 #152 ---
H4 not including today which has fell back Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Interesting strategy ... my thoughts

1. D1 ... green or red ball

2. in w1 ... draws a channel with balls (you give the trend)

3. enter D1 <==> there ball in W1 (no matter the color or size)

example...

buy.............. eur-usd, eur-jpy, fco-jpy, cad-jpy, eur-nzd, gbp-nzd

sell.............. silver, aus-cad

--- 帖子 #154 ---
NICE...

I like the evolution of this system with contribution of all partecipants of this thread ...

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Hi Peter

Yes def in down trend large strong down moves weak pull backs so momentum on your side

P

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Bob can I ask is your SL set to 30 also .. ?

If it is then have you looked at % staking ie risk 5% on each trade

That way the bank grows exponentially and the risk is always 5% with a simple EA you make make sure even with different swaps having diff pip values each and every trade will only risk 5% or 3% or wat ever you choose.

I have it built into my other EA's and removes the need to do basic calculates when trading the same system across various swaps

P

--- 帖子 #157 ---
sorry, I didn't understand well the entry:

is it 10pips above/below number 3 ball or the high/low of the candle of the number 3 ball or the close of the candle of the number 3 ball ?

because the main rule on the first page says just above/below number 3 ball, but then other people on the thread says candle high/low or close ...

I'm just confused.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
For me the best entry is 10 pips above or below the candle closed with the ball because sometimes the order does not start and the ball moves on the next candle without taking the stop loss

--- 帖子 #159 ---
ohh.. ok ... thank you marred for the info.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Ok here is the screen shot of the dashboard I want the coder to produce,swaps down the left then 1hr 4 hr and daily 2 and 3 ball with simple colour boxes .Red box means that ball is present and is looking for a short visa versa for green ball.Blank sqaure means no balls present

Present in Indicator that user can change

Broker time

GMT offset time

Colour of boxes

Things like what swaps to trade and what hours and balls to look for will be in the EA if we get that far,also for the 1hour 2 and 3 balls you may wish certain sessions

Any other info you think the dash board should have let me know .. In Future versions I want a box showing trending swaps defined by definite rules for example .Then if a tick is in that particular parameter in the indicator and you see a red box on the 4 hour is then you will know its also defined as in down trend.

Any suggestions or changes Il hold open for 48 hrs before sending off

P

--- 帖子 #161 ---
hi friends

Continuing with the post 153

this strategy has potential, but needs some filters because the balls repaint.

observe the cad-jpy, the ball has moved ... for example could use the gann 10 in D1... it is just an idea

--- 帖子 #162 ---
green ball I do not know if Blue Cross was placed

we would have had a small loss compared to the previous potential gains

you remember that w1 gives the trend

It is just an idea

--- 帖子 #163 ---
and the trend... w1

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Ho porfirio,

Could you please share Gann 10 indicator?

Thanks for sharing...

--- 帖子 #165 ---
you've never seen the gann indicator? ... incredible

you put a closed SMA10 and gann 10 .... so that you understand the indicator

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Hi all

I hope everyone is making some pips with this system, I know I am

So far it looks pretty solid to me, I like Porfiro's idea of drawing the trend lines on the weekly.

I haven't had a loosing trade yet even when I got in too early, I've been as much as 100 pips in the red, but the next day the trade turned around and went into profit.

My only issue is because I am used to short term trading I exit my wins too soon, but I think that will come with more confidence.

Martin

--- 帖子 #167 ---
I think less or rare trades if you only go with the weekly trend direction, cuz obviously we are trading the daily tf.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
yes, it is safer to follow the weekly trend ... simply connecting the previous balls, no longer will move

gbp-nzd... 2 buy en d1 with trend w1

--- 帖子 #169 ---
another example.... eur-nzd...... buy d1 with trend w1

--- 帖子 #170 ---
d1

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Great stuff Martin  , im having similar result ,

I really like how simple this system is ,

May i ask are you entering on candle or more aggressive on disc??

as you say it seems pretty solid as it is , maybe best not to complicate it too much

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #172 ---
I have sent the information required to the coder to make the dash board as outlined in my earlier post.When its completed I will post it here for all to use and evaluate

Changes can be made as required and on request if we think its worth it

I have been studying the 5min with the semaphore indicator ,its viable but requires 2 filters in my opinion

A filter to take only signals with the current trend and a filter to filter out some of the false signals caused by repainting

I used my 5% risk and 15% return on every signal

IE .. Risk 5% on every signal (entry to SL calculated at 5% of account balance)

Target ( TP) set at  3 x the risk = 15%

Every loser loses 5% every winner wins 15% hence 3:1 RR

On the 10 swaps I tend to follow we had 5 swaps each triggering 1 signal,5 swaps triggering no signal

4 Winners at 15%

1 loser at 5%

This is a great overall gain on the account but its only for today as the back testing is done manually and its slow but its a positive outcome not a negative Il post a chart of a signal in a few mins

P

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Thanks for your effort here! Will you be showing what time frame you are using in your demo? FYI I have started trading this on the H4 chart since Wed. this week and I have 2 live trades going with very small lots. I want to get used to the mechanics of how the #3 indicator repaints and which candles I want to use to set the entry and SL. I have noticed that some of the candles which get marked by the #3 bubble can be a little small for my liking. So in those cases, I am looking at the previous 2-3 candles and using their highs and lows as the possible entry and SL values. Some people in this thread seem concerned in taking counter trend trades but I think if you were to look at these trades over a long term, I think they will turn out to be profitable. Lets keep this one going

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Rules can be coded

P

--- 帖子 #175 ---
in m5 with semaphore it is very difficult .... be careful friend

in the D1 with trend of W1 you can make many pips

look at the movement of the bb and the balls in w1 ... then go to d1 and looking for entries for example

--- 帖子 #176 ---
no is here... sorry

--- 帖子 #177 ---
more studies...

--- 帖子 #178 ---
but....

--- 帖子 #179 ---
another one of the winning signal today .. all rules lined up

--- 帖子 #180 ---
An unusual swap but a nice signal..this is what the dash board could find scanning 50 odd swaps looking for this type of set up..updating every 5mins for example or hourly etc etc

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Hi Rob

Loving the simplicity and effectiveness of this system. Ii am demoing as per your rules on post 1.....so far, so good  two trades eur and gp both going well. Of course I am expecting some losers. Thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Anyone use a tailing stop on their trades with this system ?

--- 帖子 #183 ---
currently im part closing the trade at 60 pips+ breakeven and using a jumping stop for the rest of the portion, using MPTM trade manager EA.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
do you have the link to the MPTM EA ?

--- 帖子 #185 ---
google is your friend, my friend

however if you don't like google  I have attached the EA and the set file I am using (i'm using 0.2 lots initially in my demo)

Attached File(s)   Multi purpose trade manager.mq4

109 KB
|
399 downloads

Attached File(s)   part close be 50 0.2 lot.txt

5 KB
|
333 downloads

for some bizarre reason this forum is not allowing me to upload files with a .set extension, so you will need to rename the .txt file to .set (in windows you will need to uncheck 'hide extensions for known file types' first in folder/view options)

ps here is the original link to MPTM thread if you want to check it out

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=89371

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Hi Tiggrrr.

I have been putting a trailing stop of 5-10 pips on as soon as a trade shows a new disc against me  , I haven't monitored it to see if its worth it or just to pull out at new disc but at least you keep most profits , with a chance it will go on .

Regards orid pete

--- 帖子 #187 ---
This is the great thing about FF .. so many different approaches using the same method

And more importantly every one supporting every ones else's style and interpretation.

Its how it should be

P

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Hello Bob , first of all thank you very much for introducing me to this fantastic indicator and then so I'm sorry for my English because I'm not native speaker , I'm Italian . I have slightly modified your rules considering the maximum and minimum of candles including the shadows  rather than closures to put orders . I always add spread over 10 pips and doubling the pips for the stop loss bringing to 20 plus the spread . Of course when the order does not start and the ball moves to the new candle at the end of the day I move the order accordingly. If an order starts and touch the stop loss at the end of the day I reposition a new order increasing it a little be, ie from 0.02 to 0.04 , 0.06 in the case of new stop and I think while controlling trends do not happen to have more than three consecutive losses often also because the ball moves without touch the order. I use some moving averages to help me understand the trend and I use a channel to see if the price is in overbought or oversold area . Thanks again I'll keep you updated on the results.

good trading

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Hello Paulus

What is the dotted line on your 5 min chart?

By the way the retracement level shown on your chart is actually 38.2 not 62.8

And thank you for taking the time to experiment and improve this method. I know you are a capable system developer.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Hi Howard its an indy called nonelagdot and it doesnot repaint, once the bar is complete the colour is fixed it stays ......on 5min I use setting 144...I always try to use Fib numbers on anything I use

I also use a trading simulator you download it and place it in your EA file in Meta trader you can then load it and apply your template select start and end dates and play back that day or week in real time up to 30 times faster

Ive also included that file

--- 帖子 #191 ---
a few examples on the daily using same rules and principles as the 5min charts.

Signals may be few and far between but with a scanner on 50 swaps there will be enough risk pickings

There are losers but with 3;1 risk reward theres no need to worry the odds are in your favour here

With a 1;1 RR or risk greater than TP then its a whole different story

With 3;1 RR you can have 10 trades in a month lose 6 win 4 and still be up 30% that's a very nice monthly  income if your trading with a large bank

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Wow, it's so great to see people supporting each other like this.  I know this might sound crazy but I feel that with support like that, we all can achieve our dreams and goals in this business.  I feel that if you keep like minded people around yourself, the possibilities are endless.  I've read the entire thread to get caught up on everything and I'm really liking what I have come across.

Everybody is doing a great job contributing to the thread.

I have a suggestion that may be used as a filter.  Not sure if it's worthwhile but just something that popped in to my head as i was looking at the charts.  I believe it will probably work best on the daily chart since on the smaller time frames price will move back and forth more often before picking a direction.

My suggestion is if we have a 3 at a peak indicating a possible short move, instead of putting the limit order 10 pips below the location of the 3 ball maybe it will be more beneficial to put the limit order 10 pips below the low of the last bullish daily candle.  Of course this would be vice versa for a possible long position.

I understand that this may get us into trades a bit later than it would by putting the limit order 10 pips below the location of the 3 ball but I think it would help us stay out of the whipsaw situation.  Of course if the daily candles are small because the last few days price has not moved much then we could end up in whipsaw situations also but this is just something I thought about as I was looking at the charts.

I wanted to share my thoughts with the thread because I see everybody contributing and that is a great energy to have.

As of right now I'm not demo trading this system just looking at the charts.  I'm waiting for the EA to get created that Paulus is having done for us (thanks Paulus) so I can apply it to multiple charts and see how the system does from that point.  My initial reaction to this system is that I think it has great potential and will be something that will put some green into our pockets.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Paulus,

If you answered this already in a previous post, I'm sorry for asking again.  I read that you stated you use 144 for the nonlag indy on the 5 minute chart.  Can you please share what settings you use when applying the indy on the daily chart?

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Monday morning here in Australia and 50 pips in profit already.

I decided to trade my system with the Daily time frame after reading a few suggestions on my forum.

So far so good with over 900 pip in profit this month.

Have a bonza week guys

--- 帖子 #195 ---
My WEEKLY trades as of 10am Aussie time...
Attached Image     Attached Image     Attached Image     Attached Image     Attached Image

I have a Trailing Stop of 100 pips on each trade running...

So far only 1 trade in the red.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Great going Bob.  I hope things continue to go well for you.  Very glad that you decided to share this system with us here at FF.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Actually !

I made a blue I'm trading the Weekly Charts not Daily.

I think I'm a bit tired from travelling over the weekend.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
That's what I love most about this system.  The higher time frame trading fits best for my schedule and just my view on how much I want to be in front of the charts.  Trading off the weekly chart has been something that I have thought about in the past also.

Traveling over the weekends sounds like fun.  Not really in position to do that right now financially but I'm sure that will change over time.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
would anyone have the code for this indicator for multicharts

Thanks

--- 帖子 #200 ---
I think you'll find it works best over the long time frames. When I originally started using this system I found it great with the Daily Charts, but now I've decided to trade the weekly. There is a post where someone has done the code I think.

I like to keep it a simple as I can...

--- 帖子 #201 ---
I think you'll find it works best over the long time frames. When I originally started using this system I found it great with the Daily Charts, but now I've decided to trade the weekly. There is a post where someone has done the code I think.
I like to keep it a simple as I can...
Thanks in advance
How can i find that post

--- 帖子 #202 ---
bob, thanks a lot sharing your ideas with fellow traders........and continuing to contribute.........well done...god bless !

the screen shot  is with Heikin Ashi and  weekly/monthly support/resistance lines indicators to reconfirm entry...

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Hello Shinewel,

Would you be kind enough to share the indicator you've shown that plots the support/resistance areas of the weekly/monthly chart?

--- 帖子 #204 ---
On the daily I use 233 another fib number

P

--- 帖子 #205 ---
check this out good start today on H4 plain chart using no 3 discs only

its good we are all trying different ways   Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #206 ---
hi orid.....semafor indi repaints on 4h chart?.....if .the arrows in your chart are from sidus indi what is the setting...default was 15/34 emas

--- 帖子 #207 ---
whoops sorry about the arrows , they are from the genesis thread, I was using them as a confirmation to keep me in the trade but not necessary ,I will remove them , sorry to mislead. edit  The arrows dont repaint by the way

Regards  Orid peter

--- 帖子 #208 ---
unbelievable over 500 pip and still going on H4 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #209 ---
daily  250 + pips. totaly  plain chart no res or support  lines , Well i call them stress lines  ,they stress me out lol

I'm convinced this simple method works well......

Ive got 4 accounts running 2 different ways to enter this method  2 on  4hr 2 on daily 25 trades in all and they are all in green ,?????? go figure
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #210 ---
hi orid....i asked if the semafor indi repaints in 4hr chart??.....good to know this system works for you...how and when you enter the trade in so many pairs...do you have any alert system added to the chart to know the reversal.....info will be of immense use to fellow traders

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Well done Peter

Just to confirm are you entering after the candle with the dot has closed?

Martin

--- 帖子 #212 ---
sorryy I didnt answer your question earlier, the semafor repaints on any time frame as its meant too I think this is a good thing from what I see but I am a fairly new trader my experience is very limited  although the success (so far) is very promising to say the least I dont believe  Im qualified to answer too many questions ,  maybe ask our honourable leader Bob

the two ways im entering is as follows'

1.  enter only in direction of last no. 3 candle 30 pips or more below above disc  ,

2.  enter only in direction of last no. 3 candle 10 pips below candle.

Thats it , no ma,  no sup res levels , just plain chart,  no alerts.pairs are as you see on my posted chart

I did try ha candles  seems to delay entries to much,

hope this makes sense.

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Yes Martin that is one way I'm trying .

seems to work either way but candle close is probly safer if there is such a thing in forex.

Live in next couple of days . then well see if i can keep up the confidence.

how are you doing ? if everyone had entered today on the rules on p1 =  pips lots

Peter

--- 帖子 #214 ---
thanks orid, fair enough........

--- 帖子 #215 ---
I m doing pretty good Peter, although not as good as you

I am using a live account, but with small numbers, because I don't think you act the same on a practice account.

I think i need to refine my entries as my trades usually go down before they go up and my main problem, which drives me mad is exiting too early

Martin

--- 帖子 #216 ---
the trend is your friend

d1-h4...eur-gbp

w1-d1... nzd-fch

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Yep Matin live is a different beast altogether,

I try to leave the trade in untill a new disc appears  ,then pull out or trail  it.

But like right this minute most of my trades are still in good profit but im off too bed shortly so what to do?

So ive put trailing sl of 10 pips on all of them . Hard to know what to do.

i did a  10 pip trail on  us cad earlier when new disc appeared it hit stop but now  has gone on another  20 pips or so,  it still made 90 pips so should be very happy and not be greedy huh?

Regards peter

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Thanks Paulus.....I would like to try this on the 1 hour and 15 min...what settings would you recommend for each?

--- 帖子 #219 ---
here they are.....

--- 帖子 #220 ---
This just triggered on AUDUSD

Now on the 5min I trade only 8am UK to 5pm UK we need the volatility on the 1 hr and 4hour it doesn't matter so much

So this is a what if trade just to show the entry more than anything else

--- 帖子 #221 ---
that looks like the perfect entry Paulus does .the dotted line have to be blue for buy?

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Hi all ,  it marches on .

todays  daily trades on bottom still open ,no losses yet ,  no h4 trades today

and pips since 10/ 1 on daily  Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #223 ---
brilliant stuff orid

not quite at this level yet although my trades are doing well

can i ask are you taking all 3 disc trades ?

thanks

can you

--- 帖子 #224 ---
yes all num 3 discs as close to within 30 pips as poss on this account.  it is demo so I can

the other daily acc  based on candle close not half as good at the mo

--- 帖子 #225 ---
thanks mate

--- 帖子 #226 ---
sorry I have to take that back just checked other daily acc on cdle close and wow Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #227 ---
gbp-jpy...W1-H4 buy

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Would you mind explaining how to use them once we get them on the chart?

--- 帖子 #229 ---
every one seems to be making good pips

dashboard is with the coding guy and ive been told 3-4 days

I will be building more onto it but its a start,Iwill also want 5min added as well as trades in line with the trending indy nonelag dot,and then pull backs to the fib 61.8 this especially removes alot of false signals

Then it needs to handle money manegment

how are you manually going to balance funds so all trades are equal when trading across 30 pairs ??

You take trade on AUD/NZD and make 30 pips you make $195

You take a trade on EUR/USD you lose 30 pips you lose $300

Now measure your entry to stoploss use that figure and calculate 5% of your bank then multyply by 3 to get your 15% TP and also do the conversion of the $pip value.The EA can do all that seamlessly....you you need an edge to start with

P

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Just an example.....blue  box shows our interest area  this is what the EA needs to zone into

2nd chart close up of blue box and 2 trades

--- 帖子 #231 ---
paulus

currently im making pips trading this on the daily charts, simple and surprisingly effective, even with the disc repainting issues - which is not too bad on the daily charts

dont have the time to trade this on the 4h charts though, an EA would be great to test this.... please can you keep us posted and let us know when roughly you will release it. ie are you going to preliminarily test it and then release or will you release for public testing straight away

thanks

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Hi Bob,

Thanks for sharing your system. One question, please...Why have you named this your Market Order System? Market orders are immediate, and we are placing pending orders if I understand the process.

Keep up the good work!

Great trading!

BC2

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Thanks!

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Thanks!

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Soon as i get it I will release it but dashboard 1st

P

--- 帖子 #236 ---
another nice signal on the 4 hour chart Im not trading these yet .. but I must admit its looking pretty stable atm

--- 帖子 #237 ---
gbp-chf... w1-h4

--- 帖子 #238 ---
thanks for the update

--- 帖子 #239 ---
should of posted this yesterday ... 2 more signals on the AUDUSD both in the fib 61.8 area none lagdot red pull back above none lag dot with 2 or 3 ball present

Potential TP marked

--- 帖子 #240 ---
I hope to get the dashboard today latest Sat

The guy I use is excellent ,its amazing how many questions you get back when you code something each rule has to be precise he has done sveral jobs for me in the past each have been excellent with no faults

A couple nice 5 min trades yest and today

--- 帖子 #241 ---
And the 4hour signal from yesterday

These trades all carry 5% risk no matter what time frame candle size the risk is the same across all variables

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Hi Paulus

What setting do you have for 4 hour nonlag?

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Hi Howard Ive kept it to 144.............. 233 for daily

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Ok I have the custom Indicator

here is a view .. I had the guy add the weekly 2 and 3 ball also for Bob

In the attachments below you will see Balls dashboard TPL load this as your template this will show a blank white chart to load the indy onto which is called Balls_ Dashboard

Change colours as you see fit

I will add the indys on next post as I want to keep it step by step..

--- 帖子 #245 ---
ok here is a copy of the email sent to me by the programmer

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello,

The dashboard is ready. I called it Balls_Dashboard, but I can change the name if needed.

I also attached SemaphoreTrue2 where I changed default ball colors.

All dashboard colors can be changed. By default there are set to look good on white background. I attached a template (balls_dashboard.tpl), which you can use to quickly remove everything from the chart and make it white. This is just for your convenience.

If you see ‘Wait...’ in any box, it means that this chart has not been downloaded by Metatrader yet. It should disappear after some time. If not, you can open this chart manually. It will force it to update.

I hope I understood everything correctly. Let me know if anything needs to be changed.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mins is fine please let me know if you have problems and I will pass it on ,the only problem I had the ones posted below did not work because in my platform instead of EURUSD I have EURUSDpro ..so as the guy changed that for me it worked

P

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Dont forget 1HRr updates on the close of the current 1 HR candle........ 4 HR on 4Hr candle ......etc etc

If you want any swaps added gold silver etc let me know Im going to ask for 5min time frame to be added

Other ideas each rectangle will be split in 2 for 2 colours green if balls on bottom for long but then green if Nonelagdot agrees or red if it agrees with short trend..so green red in a single box means counter trend trade green green in single box means trend long semaphore looking for long etc etc

P

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Thanks for your generosity Paulus. Been following you for a while, Nice to see you posting again.

Gold and Crude oil please if possible.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Yes a thank you from me too!

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Hi Ok can you give me the symbol please

P

--- 帖子 #250 ---
I managed to add them myself through the MT4 editor.

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Blimey clever........... do u mind posting how so guys and do it them selves

id appreciate it

P

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Sure, try this.

In explorer, find the file balls dashboard. mt4 , right click and select modify.

Attached Image

Scroll down to strings and modify these to whatever the instruments are called on your platform, on GKFX , EURUSD is called EURUSDSB so should be modified to this. Once you are done, hit save .

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then hit compile under file or F5

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Thank you very much Paulus! This is going to really help me tremendously. I wanted to keep track of more pairs and it was becoming hard for me so this is wonderful. I also love the idea of the two color boxes so one can know when we are in a counter trend or trending situation. That's a fantastic idea. I also would like to have the 5 minute time frame added like you stated.

Once again, thanks so much for all your help. It's greatly appreciated.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
hi paulus, the non lag dot indi is same as semaphortrue2 indi....?? after loading your nonlagdot indi to the system (mt4), it does not appear in the custom indi folder......i tried many times over...in fact it has happened before with  some other indis as well......what could be the reason? somebody could explain ..cheers

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Hi

yes snap for me also my trading platform actually has 55 forex swap although some have massive 20 pip spread def ones just for the daily or 4 hour time frame I think

For trading on the 5 min ive been looking at commission only brokers for this as thier spead on the swap will be zero

This help on the 5mins greatly

Take a classic signal your entry to stop loss is calculated at 6 pips and this will be calculated as 5% risk of account balance therefore your target is going to be 3 x 6 pips = 18pips which if it wins will be a 15% gain on account balance.

But if you factor in the spread of say 3 pips then we need 18 pips + 3 = 21 pips and dont forget your not taken out as price hit your TP its when the bid or ask hits your TP depending on whether you are short or long

On commision only broker as the price touches your TP you are taken out for a main $10 contract on EU cost is $18 which works out 1.8 pips ..we just don't take it into the calculation as normal

Ther are also brokers that operate zero spread and only take thier commision if you win they take none for a losing trade,they also do mini and micro

I thik its worth looking at

On 1 hour 4 hour daily weekly etc the spread doesnt become an issue

P

--- 帖子 #256 ---
1st of all make sure your not just going down to N in your custom indy folder when you are looking it will not appear after M in the list it has an unserscore before it

Its _nonelagdot so it will be placed at the top in the list mine is around 12 from the top

You have placed it in the correct folder which is Metatrader - Experts - Indicaters otherwise it wouldnt appear on the chart I think

Try that see if its thier

p

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Hi ,orid ,i saw the image you post , i have a question about the stoploss , how you set your stoploss on daily ? not below or above the ball 3 ?

--- 帖子 #258 ---
I have sent sent the coder another email requesting a V2 to the dash board this is purley for me and how I trade but will post here when its completed

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Now id like to add a few things I have attached an indicator called _nonelagdot this is what I use to filter signals into up or down trends

In the parameters if I can have Length and colours please

In the screen shot you will see NLD

If a 2 or 3 ball is on top and calling for a short if NLD is red then we have a short with trend situation

If a 2 or 3 ball is on top and calling for a short if NLD is blue then we have a short with counter trend situation

If a 2 or 3 ball is on bottom and calling for a long if NLD is blue then we have a long with trend situation
If a 2 or 3 ball is on bottom and calling for a long if NLD is red then we have a long with counter trend situation

In the dash board if we split each box with a black line and as an example the screen shot 1HR 2Ball on EURAUD shows

green box telling that ball is on top and then red box telling NLD is red so this would be a counter trend situation

On the same time frame but AUDCHF we have red box telling us red ball on top and then another red box telling us NLG also red so this is a with trend situation

Can I also have a 5min box please

Pease send me any questions

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Yeah I realized that after I gave the title....

--- 帖子 #260 ---
this helps when placing the orders .. we use sell stop. buy stop

--- 帖子 #261 ---
ok the new dash board is ready and I have included it below this uses nonelagdot to be the guide as for the trend

Each box is now split into 2 green green means 2 or 3 balls on the bottom looking for longs and none lag dot looking for longs

Visa veras for short red and green box means ball and none lagdot in counter trend position

here is the email from the coder

-------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi,

The modifications are ready.

The dashboard contains 2 indicators, 5 timeframes and 28 pairs now. It means that it needs to calculate each indicator 140 times when it loads. This may cause high memory and CPU consumption and may sometimes hang your computer for a while. To reduce consumption of resources you can go to Tools->Options->Charts and set ‘Bars on Chart’ to a small value (5000 or less). Then, restart MetaTrader. It is just a hint, but it can make the dashboard load a bit faster.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ive just sent the coder an email asking if its nonelagdot or the 5min time frame that doing the damage

I will post it here but unless you have a very fast and capable machine I think you will have problems...

P

--- 帖子 #262 ---
The solution may be to run 2 x mt4 from the same broker if that can be done 1 just running the dashboard scanner the other for trading

With an EA the CPU usage drops dramatically .. but for an EA we need proper entry and exit conditions I know how I want o enter and exit I just wanted to build one thing at a time

I set my chart to load only 3000 bars

--- 帖子 #263 ---
hi Paulus,

thanks for your indi, i ahve dwnloaded your latest dashboard indi however my dashboard only shows one color on each box

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #264 ---
sorry forgot

nonelagdot on daily I use 233 on all other time frame I use 144

P

--- 帖子 #265 ---
here is the reply from the coder

I have attached the indicators ..just put them all in experts .. indicators   nonelag dot 144 on daily 233

-------------------------------------------------

Hi,

I made a slightly faster version. I added MaxBars input parameter to both _nonlagdot and SemaphorTrue2. Both indicators work in the same way as before, but it is now possible to adjust how many bars back they will calculate. Since the dashboard needs only the last few bars, there is no need to calculate thousands of bars. This version of dashboard simply calls the indicators with MaxBars = 10.

If you combine this with setting [Tools->Options->Charts->Number of bars on chart] to a low number, it should work quite fast. It takes about 4 seconds on my computer to reload the dashboard.

I hope this will help.

-----------------------------------

--- 帖子 #266 ---
This thread gone very quite

the guys last week making pips... you still making pips ?

Guys that hadnt had a loss ...have you had a loss

Lots of downloads re the dashboard but no feed back

I may of found a potential bug in the daily time frame trying to check it out now sending coder an email...may be nothing

P

--- 帖子 #267 ---
I started following this thread because of the simplicity - But now it seems to be getting more complicated -  the original works for me - more indicators more complications.  Just my opinion - not trying to trash anyone else.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
yes I can respect that .. the scanner is just to tell traders where the semaphor is in relation to the time frames

Hope it helps .. its 1 indicator

P

--- 帖子 #269 ---
As picked by the scanner on the 5min time frame I will go long if we get a tough to the fib lines and 2 or 3 ball in place

--- 帖子 #270 ---
another 5 min trade from scanner

Will short if blue line broken

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Excellent. 61.8%  retraces are lovely.

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Hi Paulus, I'm still following this thread and testing LIVE this system with 1 microlots (each trade) and daily TF. I actually started last week and my balance is negative (i mean balance of the few trades I did). Probably it was the end of the month and maybe it's not the best time to use this strategy.

Also, I'm one of the people who downloaded your indicator and I wish to thank you for sharing it. Even though I chose daily time frame so I just make one check/day to decide and trade (e.g. now, around midnight, here in Italy = GMT+1).

I'm a little bit disappointed for my early negative performance. Even because I try to check main S/R levels. So I don't trade 'blindly', just because I see a number 3 on my charts. Anyway, I still 'feel' this may be a good system, and keeping on using it.

Me too, would like to read other's opinions/results about.

Greetings

--- 帖子 #273 ---
jack fx im trading this daily tf with a view to SR levels too. i too experienced some drawdown last few days , but account now recovering

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Just entered short on AUDCAD.

R:R about 1:2,5.

Let's see how it evolves...

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Hi Paulus ,  just want to thankyou for the dashboard works great , havnt been trading las week or so busy busy , but cant wait to get in on live account .

going away for a week or two caravanning , might put a few on the weekly b 4 I take off.

thanks again to you and everyone else contributing here especially Bob  who showed us this  very promising method.

oh and Paulus please pass on  special thanks also to the person that is helping you with the dashboard .

Regards to all Orid Peter

--- 帖子 #276 ---
I hope everybody is still making solid pips with this system.  I have been pretty busy lately but I'm going to load the dashboard up tomorrow and see what happens.

Paulus, would you mind sharing a step by step process on how you trade the 5 min charts.  I actually like your idea of risking 5% per trade and having a 3:1 reward to risk ratio.  If you have already stated your method of trading the 5 min chart please just refer me to the post and I will gladly go back and read it.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Hi Bob

Loving this system in its original format. Its simple, there are no lagging indicators to follow, and the results so far, are very good. I will continue to test, but on a small live account.

Thanks again Bob.

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Ok I hope this makes sense it fairy simple Il throw in a few charts Use the dashboard to find any green on green red on red meaning 2 or 3 ball semaphore in the direction of the trend The trend is determined by nonelagdott ..you can use anything your happy with, moving averages adx etc etc Find the swap and load the chart on 5min The example shown is a short,so I now need price to come up above nonelagdot this is to filter out some false semaphore signals The 1st chart shows the 2 ball signal that would of given red red on my dashboard I then draw a fib line on the last swing down as shown in chart 2 this can be where its drawn or across poits A and B the blue zone inbetween 50% and 61.8% is my IDEAL window thats where price has to be when I get the semaphore signal but it can retrace further as long as nonelag dot stays red. Normal entry after that with limit order but nonelagdot has to stay red at time of entry as in chart 3 Risk is 5% of account TP 3 x risk = 15% 3;1 risk return you can use what % you want 1% risk on SL = 3% risk on TP RR will be the same pips gained will be the same

--- 帖子 #279 ---
50 minutes later a 2nd signal

These are only examples trading times would be 8am to 5pm UK time after that price actions flattrens out and volatility goes not a concerm on 1 or 4 hour charts etc

--- 帖子 #280 ---
I dont find any green on green or red on red balls in your chart. Kindly please elaborate more on the chart.Thanks!

--- 帖子 #281 ---
green green red red refers to the dashboard

I have attached it here

--- 帖子 #282 ---
winner and loser on CADJPY picked from dashboard   +15% -5%

--- 帖子 #283 ---
very close to being a signal just flashed up by dashboard...just need price at least in the blue and below NLD

Next version of dashbard will give box colour if price below blue NLD for longs trades or above red NLD for short trades

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Howdy there,

Have been checking on this thread to see and noticed your dashboard that you had made Paulus, good idea .. In a post you said you were using length 144 for period m5 for the nonlagdot setting.. However it looks like in the dashboard code it is using the standard length setting of 20 for all the timesframes..Im not a coder at all but pretty sure it is using that original setting and not the 144 as you specified (check pic).. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just noticed it and thought you might want to pass it on to the coder to fix for you

Josh

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Hi Josh thanks for the heads up

But you can change each time NLD setting in the paremeters of the indicator I set mine to 144 and 233 for daily weekly

Have attached version 5 which is just coded to use less PC resuorces

cheers

p

--- 帖子 #286 ---
here is another example

before UK 8am start time so I wouldnt take this

--- 帖子 #287 ---
This is what I get from the dashboard , do not know why

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Hi Howard are your swaps named the same

IE in my MT package AUDCAD is named AUDCADpro so initially mine did not work either

Did you download the latest dashboard ?

p

--- 帖子 #289 ---
in ref to the earlier set up on USDJPY

It triggered just after UK start time of 8am a nice 15%

--- 帖子 #290 ---
we now have another trade spotted by dashboard

--- 帖子 #291 ---
This trade may fail we dont know but with 3;1 RR we have the edge

--- 帖子 #292 ---
another dashboard pick but price now where near our 50 - 61.8 box although it is below NLD

Future versions of dash board will let us know

A - When the price is below NLD

B- When price has reached 50% pullback

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Quick look at the dash board gives us a feel for the market

On 5 time frame across 20 odd swaps very few green green red red meaning alot of whipsaw with counter trend movement

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Hi Paul

Yes it is the latest version from a couple of posts back, and the names are as they appear in the dashboard that is AUDCAD is AUDCAD   no suffix or prefix.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
ok try version 4 attached here have you got both boxs ticked in the common tab ?

P

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Hi Paulus, are  you trading these live yet?

--- 帖子 #297 ---
2 nice trades..

--- 帖子 #298 ---
missed this one earlier 15% and another setting up although technicaly outside mt 5pm window but lets see how it plays out..both picked by dashboard

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Thanks for all your development on this Paulus.

Maybe you've mentioned it earlier somewhere on what to do, but I'm not seeing the big "2" and "3" balls.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Hi Paulus

Great work there, the dashboard looks very interesting, but having trouble with it, all I get is the grid that is completely blank.

any suggestions?

Martin

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Hi Martin this happened to me 1st time I loaded it contacted the coder and he said it was because in my platform all my swaps end in pro so he altered it for me so it would work on any version

here is another version try this ..Im waiting for version 6 now which will show a certain condition I use for None lag dot for trades

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Hi

You have only loaded the Semaphor true none repaint version so this tells you where all the 2 and 3 balls were ..you need to load the repaint version this will always fix the ball in place

I have attached it here

Cheers p

--- 帖子 #303 ---
we have a potential short setting up here

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Thanks Paulus. All set now.

Will a soon-to-come version have a (LOUD) alert when you get a (especially M5) red red or green green? Its the middle of the night here during "prime time", and one tends to nap easily!

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Il get him to add it now so its ready in the new version

P

--- 帖子 #306 ---
I have the new dashboard just checking all is ok then il post it out

A trade just triggered lets see where it goes

--- 帖子 #307 ---
well that trade bisted out but only due to late entry by me an Ea would of got it spot on Iv marked the entry here

Entry to SL x 3 plus spread

Im just having the headings altered by the coder but the new dash board is working will post it here when he is done Im sure it will be today

|P

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Although NLD gave us blue dots on the last trade meaning up trend at the time of signal if you look at the actual chart in more detail and note the position of the 2 and 3 balls circles you will not see Higher highs...

Not look at the chart below another signal ( blue rectangle) a few days ago NLD still showing blue dots at time of signal but price action entirely different

Ive marked the 2 and 3 balls circles with bigger rectangles for a better 'feel'

Here you will see higher highs the characteristics of an up trend not present in the last trade.Not sure if this would increase or decrease strike rate its only an observation but one that can easily be built into an EA if necessary

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Thanks Paulus. Looking forward to it.

Would this have been a valid trade?

--- 帖子 #310 ---
What about this setup?

--- 帖子 #311 ---
One more:

--- 帖子 #312 ---
The way I enter with fib yes thats a valid signal

p

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Not the way I enter no that is not a valid signal I need price above NLD for a signal...thats just to remove some of the false signals..

The guys at the start of the thread and Bob himself did not enter with NLD or fib this is just my method of entry guided by the Semaphoe entry ..Bob did say on the outset trading the semaphor with the trend I believe .. nld just gives me a mechanical way of doing it

P

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Guys, congrats on this very interesting thread!

I like the idea. Also I like the way Paulus digs into the methods.

Here is my two cents...

I like the idea, but wouldn't do it myself because this method is a counter-trend trading -- like catching a falling knife bare hand.

Mind you, you use a daily chart. This is not an intra-day swing trading. You are trying to get a retracement of a big wave that lasts weeks.

It's not my cup of tea. (just personal preference...)

So, I just twisted this;

Try a 15m chart with an EMA48. If EMA48 goes down, you go only short at the BALL2 or BALL3. If the ball is on/near the EMA48, that's better. You go long in the opposite case.

How about that

--- 帖子 #315 ---
The new version of the dashboard Im hoping will be slightly easier to read V6

Slightly different text at head of coloumns

Instead of 2 colour blocks per ball there will be 3 1st block tells us if ball on top or bottom if red block its on the top for a short if green block on bottom for long 2nd block is NLD colour if trending up then green block if trending down then red block 3rd for me but others may be guided by it.. if this block is green block then price under NLD if red block then price above NLD So if you get 3 green blocks in a row we have ball on bottom NLD is uptrending and price has pulled back beyond NLD

if you get 3 red blocks in a row we have ball on top NLD is downtrending and price has pulled back beyond NLD

You have a pop up alert and sound mine is set to 5min only alerts with no sound so only 5min signals pop up for me

Cheers P

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Will V6 also take the fib requirement into consideration?

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Its all trends within trends within trends

If I trade 5min you need to look a couple time frames higher for trend thats why NLD is set to 144 its showing the higher trend sentiment

If I traded daily I would lok at weekly weekly monthly etc

The 48 ema looks good here it is set to the same colours as nonlagdot..I have attached it here

The setups using Semaphor show great promise I think the secret to it I think is to filter the false signals semaphor trying to pick the bottom in a constantly falling down trend for example

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Not in V6 but it will follow ..I find with custom inds its easier to do it in parcels so you can iron out bugs visuals etc etc rather than put an indicator together thats full of holes

Just been told V6 on Monday sorry

P

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Agree, and thanks for a nice indy.

EMA48 is a psychological level, like big round numbers, major pairs (EU, GU, UJ) in particular. I believe in EMA48 more than round numbers b/c round numbers can be quite tricky (causing frictions).

This Semaphor is very good to catch the bounce at EMA48. We could make a great system. If you have an idea, please post it on my journal thread. (I don't want to bother this thread too much).

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=7283195#post7283195

Thank you very much, man!

--- 帖子 #320 ---
2 other signals at the close of play yesterday

The 1st of which lost -5% the 2nd of which gained its +15%

--- 帖子 #321 ---
This is the new dashboard I wont upload it here as a new one is being posted Monday with clearer text at the top 1st block tells us if ball on top or bottom if red block its on the top for a short if green block on bottom for long 2nd block is NLD colour if trending up then green block if trending down then red block 3rd for me but others may be guided by it.. if this block is green block then price under NLD if red block then price above NLD So if you get 3 green blocks in a row we have ball on bottom NLD is uptrending and price has pulled back beyond NLD

if you get 3 red blocks in a row we have ball on top NLD is downtrending and price has pulled back beyond NLD

You have a pop up alert and sound mine is set to 5min only alerts with no sound so only 5min signals pop up for me

--- 帖子 #322 ---
any views on gbpusd and silver on this system?

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Is it possible to create a program that will show historically for a specific pair, non-dashboard, where signals would have occurred, with up and down arrows, to more easily be able to backcheck the accuracy of the signals?  The non-lag dots will only show back a few days.

Would you recommend a trailing stop of some type?  I'm thinking once price reaches a round number or pivot, move to b/e.

Thank you - it looks very good from the limited time I've been able to look back in time.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Is it possible to create a program that will show historically for a specific pair, non-dashboard, where signals would have occurred, with up and down arrows, to more easily be able to backcheck the accuracy of the signals?  I did have this option on another dashboard I had created by the same guy this would write to a text file that you could then download and look at,but I realised an EA was quicker and more accurate.Also the dashboard at the moment only gets you into the area of a signal not an actual trigger this is done withfibonacci that will be built into the dashboard.This is only my method of entry Bob and the original follows enter on Semaphor only

The non-lag dots will only show back a few days In parameters you can set NLD to go back as many bars as you

Would you recommend a trailing stop of some type? I perosnally do not I need to know Im risking 5% to gain 15% or 10% for example and the EA needs a none fixed SL to calculate the initial risk.Ive never looked to deeply at sliding stops I think you have to be very careful that you dont get your trade taken out prematurely.The only sliding stops Iv seen that works well is a Joe Ross invention of following the trade 3 days behind Trend magic which is a useful indicator.
And using stochastic

I'm thinking once price reaches a round number or pivot, move to b/e. Why not we all adapt to how we feel comfortable I personaly dont hold must stock in pivots there great for a trigger but Iv seen many a signal not taken under a pivot go on a make 15%

Cheers
P

--- 帖子 #325 ---
As far as im aware there is no sliding stop that could cater for the large pull back in the middle of the trade on this is axample posted Friday.Any movement of the initial SL would of busted you out before the TP was hit

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Hey Paulus

Here is food of thoughts about 5m. (don't take this one too seriously --- I cooked up this system in 3 minutes)

Set-up

EMA200 with envelops +/- 5 pips. You try to get the bounce at EMA200 +/- 5 pips.

Entry: When (1) the price crosses or touches the envelop, (2) you see a red dot or a Ball3, and (3) EMA200 slants toward the bouncing direction (yes, it must be trending).

You enter at the bar close! (the bar with the dot/ball) -- meaning, you don't wait for the next bar close.

SL=10 (not sure.... can be 20).

TP=a red dot or a Ball3 higher up/lower down.

Do you think you can make an EA?? it can be pretty good if using it for trending markets. Oh, BTW, the pair must be with tight spreads -- less than 1.5.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
It looks good Ive wizzed back a couple weeks ..the envelopes like the 48ema that was posted earlier are all an attempt to pick a trading zone via a pull back and to eliminate allot of the false signals generated by the semaphor indy

To exit on the next opposite dot may well restrict your profits though I think in low volatility periods they can appear very quickly in the opposite direction

Perhaps you can do a manual back test of 1month apart 3 times TP ro risk and 2 times tp to risk

System with 1;1 RR can work very well but even with a strike rate of 80% technically yu could have the 1st 20 signals all losers so you need to build MM around that figure risking 1% per trade would work even 5% would hold it you also need to look at viability it has to make money get 10 losers in a  row to begin with and you then need 10 winners just to get back to break even if using 1;1 risk reward ...on daily charts that may well take a month or so

With 2;1 the statistics are just so much better

As for the EA.. I cant code I use a professional coder and it cost me money the dashboard has gone back and forth several times and an EA will follow

Id suggest do a very accurate back test of 1month over several swaps using a set risk SL say and a set TP based on the risk...start with 2;1 if using on 5min Id also suggest using only UK market open to UK market close times volatilty will be greater

If it proves viable I can put it to him

P

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Thank you very much for your response! I agree with the above. 5m may be a bit to short to trade with this indy... 15m looks much better.

Actually I'm really into 15m with EMA48, 200 and this indy right now. I see a great potential. 15m is easy to monitor and easy to avoid turbulences before and after news hours.

As for EAs, it gets a little tricky because you need to identify trends accurately. Also, the volatility has a lot to do with this indy, so, manual trading might be better.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Paul

Even when I input 100,000 for the number of bars on NLD, it only shows dots back to Feb. 5 - that input doesn't seem to affect what it will show historically for me.

Thanks,

Len

--- 帖子 #330 ---
yes agree just tried its the same here ..not allot we can do about that I think

P

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Here is the new dash board

Make sure NLD set to 144 1st block tells us if ball on top or bottom if red block its on the top for a short if green block on bottom for long 2nd block is NLD colour if trending up then green block if trending down then red block 3rd for me but others may be guided by it.. if this block is green block then price under NLD if red block then price above NLD its called Pullb

--- 帖子 #332 ---
hi paulus, thnks for your great thread, but please help me what do you mean with NLD perhaps i have not read or understand, because englisch is not my home language

--- 帖子 #333 ---
nonlag dots - see posts 190 and 191 for instance

--- 帖子 #334 ---
hi all been back a week or so this is from 11 /2  no losses .only trading a few pairs , on daily, this system is magnificent.

regards Orid pete Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #335 ---
dont normally look at this time period but is a valid setup...I ike 8am to 5pm Uk time really hence the 5min

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Hi Guys,

just touching base with everyone. I've been moving house the last few weeks that's why I haven't been online.

I'm back into trading again with my system, hope your all getting lots of pips, will catch up again later in the week.

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Hi Bob

Good to hear from you.

Here are a couple of my current trades.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Very good time frame however for me I do get a lot of repaints. Daily is good but h4 gives me a lot of pippage and better entries, on the other hand it doesn't repaint as much. Thinking of getting nld Indy. How's your progress with it?

Edit: or semaphore Indy non lag. Can't remember

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Very well done Orid.

I would be interested in the results of all those trading the original rules on Daily, or H4

(like many here I suppose, I cannot look at charts during the best market hours).

Just for my better understanding:

* did you set a pending order long about 10 pips above the upper side of the yellow ball or opened manually when price was there ?

* are your results based on exiting as per rules (when the opposite ball appears) ?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Hi Paul

Bugs being worked out in the dashboard signals?  I'm a little confused, or maybe I'm not interpreting correctly?

Some examples - see attachments USDJPY (signal not when expected) and AUDCAD (no signal given that I could see).

Cheers

--- 帖子 #341 ---
hi whenever,

I'm  actually trying to work out whether to pull out on appearance of new ball or trailing stop , or jumping stop ,

still  not decided  , jumping stop hit on that us jpy I posted at +50  pips , sometimes the trade gos a long way for the good after a new ball appears.

So at the mo if I am  in green and new ball appears try to adjust stop accordingly  at least 25 pips but prefer 50 pips. or grab what you can if it reverses.

Entering I try to only enter in direction of a no 3 ball ,(misses a lot of good trades) I just try to follow that no 3 ball by around 50 pips or more depending how it looks ,until it reverses . I think from past trades the four hour is very good but im trying to have less screen time so daily for me.

im not good at explaining hope this helps .  I try to keep to original rules as much as poss

best regards Orid peter

--- 帖子 #342 ---
eg. if I get one like this  ,no new ball I keep following  with sl of 50 pips.even though against long trend

BUT Big but  ,,, I'm no expert

Orid peter Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Oh and this is an example how I follow that no 3 ball, this one is reversing to my stop order
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Orid, when you say "Entering I try to only enter in direction of a no 3 ball", do you mean, when the 3ball is going up , you enter buy? instead of sell? Kindly please clarify. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Hi Mario .

If  the last no 3 ball is above pa , I only enter sells if below pa only enter buys , but that's my own take , and not bobs rules .

Regards orid Peter

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Thanks, it was quite clear instead.

Nice indicator with Price, pips to HOD/LOD, and so on.

(would you mind to share it ?)

Thank you again

--- 帖子 #347 ---
indicator was kindly supplied by bob post 145

--- 帖子 #348 ---
well that eur usd hit the order and went backwards for awhile , but now looks ok , hoping for a big move on this one .
regards Orid pete Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Its always easy to see this in hindsight, but for whatever its worth:

--- 帖子 #350 ---
I am in this one too

The round number 1.3700 could act now as support, let's see..

Entered yesterday Usd/Chf as well.

Now interested in managing the trade properly.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
That eur usd went back and hit my stop at BE +6 , just entered again manually

Orid Pete

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Hi Pete, I'm in this one for a SELL too. Hopefully it will take off soon.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
paulus, you have done a great job by bringing together many ideas starting from bob, and presenting the dashboard. i appreciate your efforts and your willingness to share it with other fellow traders...well done

--- 帖子 #354 ---
For those who are trading the dailies, I noticed that most of the trades are successful. Patience and giving the trade room to breath is key. I am also on board the EURUSD train, and plan to let the trade take its natural course. So far, for me, some of these trades have taken weeks to come to fruition. I am interested to hear from other people trading the dailies here.

Cheers

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Well thanks but really I hope i just reflect the ethos of Forex Factory

Bob had a great idea and shared his idea,some one picks a bit up and runs with it may fall may not some one else picks up another slice and runs with that.

I was doing a course at Liffe in the city when around that time the UK exchange went over to sets electronic trading.I may have my facts a bit twisted here but the guy doing the course said allot of the traders were pushed behind screens away from the open outcry system when the system changed .When on the floor traders would feed off of others traders emotionally ..being part of the group the collective was very important.

Many traders couldnt make it sitting behind the screens it was unemotional cold without feeling..... and could never replicate the same profits.Many fell by the way side ...............I have no experience of this I wasnt a trader in the city ...this is just how this trader laid it out and explianed it for us.

Forex factory gives you the feeling of being part of the group,a team from all over the world with the same one objective .....to beat the beast .....

--- 帖子 #356 ---
I too trade the daily using Bobs original rules and this week I am short GBPUSD with sl moved to break even. Not too confident with this one as it has bounced off the weekly pivot but you never know....

--- 帖子 #357 ---
I hear you Aussie, I am also short on GBPUSD, but dont forget it also bounced off MR2, and next week, WP could be placed on a different level.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Hi Ezzy

I'm trading the dailies with the original rules, which I owe Bob a big THANK YOU for.

I'm using a live account and trade without a stop loss, some of the trades can take over a week to get in profit, but as yet I haven't had a loosing trade. I'm only trading very small lots and as I gain confidence in the system will slowly increase these, but so far my account has grown by about 50% in just over a month.

Martin

--- 帖子 #359 ---
yes we are all different in our ways Iw as in that gbp usd but chickened out @ + 84 pips

eur usd and usd chf in at mo and looking a little promising

Patience is my big problem . I tend to grab profit and look or wait for next trade .

Martin you are doing fantastic by the sounds, congrats

Thanks here from me also to Bob , Paulus and everyone else here , for a very interesting thread.

Good luck all

regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Hi Bob,

When do the 'dots' appear? If it calculating the high/Low, Wouldn't it need to have retraced quite a bit to determine that its a high? Which would mean a very lagging indicator and you wouldn't have entered/exited by the dots?

Kinda like Parabolic SAR, looks really good if you entered the beginning of the candle where the dot changes, but in reality, it has to retrace and touch the other dot to create the new dot, hence, lagging and losing trades.

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Hi Paulus,

can I ask which build of MT4 are are your indies coded for? I've just finished reading this thread and I've implemented some of your systems before with successes and I intend loading up your dashboard over the weekend. At this time I'm still using build 509 for my trading but do also have the latest builds.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #362 ---
V4 509 24th June 2013

Cheers P

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Hi All

Is the dashboard a indicator or a expert? Thanks

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Indicator make sure None lag dot set to 144 ...........233 for for daily if you want to use the nld if you want to tarde but the balls then just use the 1st coloumn of each time frame

P

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Hello All

All of my MT4 platforms are build 600, is that going to be a problem? Thanks for the help.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Hi Bob  , good to hear from you  , how are you going with the weeklys?

Regards Orid peter

--- 帖子 #367 ---
hello Martin glad to hear you are doing well , sure we would all be interested to hear how you trade the dailys ,

any chance you could outline your personal rules ?

regards Orid peter

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Hi Traders, found this system now here is my trade hope it will fly to sky. my entry is bit diffrent from rules actuly i like to enter at 50% but enter early becuse it was fake out also and rejecting support aswell. lets see how it will go.

thanks every body.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
What u say my friends  Daly chart is not finished yet but this looks very good setup we have a strong conflunce here :-

1. No 3 ball

2. Pin bar rejecting very very big round no- 1.0000

3. It is also rejecting privious support.

4. Divergence also.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Hi All

Is there a set up on the E/U daily for a sell? Thanks

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Here's the indy which fixed that - unlimited history of indicator (thanks to mrtools at forex-tsd). It shows a line instead of dots, but the line traces the same path as dots.

You have to change DrawColorLines in inputs to True, and DrawColorBars to false or else it will make colored bars instead of drawing the line.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Will the indicator "Nonlag ma nrp" work on build 600? Thanks

--- 帖子 #373 ---
I think that one was made for 509 build,

attached is one that is supposed to work for 600 from mladen (I haven't tried it  - trying to stick with 509 as long as I can!)

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Thanks I'll give it a try. But all of my MT4's are now build 600 ((   Do you know if the dashboard will run on build 600? Thx

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Hi Martin, awesome results, great work! It doesn't matter if they are small or large lots, you'll get more confidence in time. Be careful with the no SL, hope you know what you are doing with that. I have the same SL as per the rules, however my TP can at times be different than the original rules.

Cheers

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Hi Pete, I gave up on the weekly trading it's a bit too slow for me. I'm sure the system would do well, but I've returned to the Weekly & the 4 Hour Charts.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Hi Guys, my trades for this week are:

I have a SELL trade on the USDCAD this is already in profit before the Friday trading ended.

Also a SELL trade on the AUDCAD also in profit from late Friday or should I say early Saturday morning here in Australia.

I have a BUY STOP on the USDCHF @ 0.88950

I have a 100 pip trailing stop on all of the above.....

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Both my plateforms are now updated to 600 and every thing works fine here

P

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Greetings Bob.  In your initial post you said to open a long trade 10 pips above the candle high, 10 below the low for a sell.  Looking at your last charts it appears that you entered at the candle high, low respectively.

Bob

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Hi Bob, the last chart is a BUY STOP on the USDCHF @ 0.88950 most of my trades are BUY & SELL Stop Orders. I like to wait for the market to meet my entries.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Yes, but is .8895 the high of that 3 candle or the high + 10 as per your original idea?  To me it looks like the former.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
hi bob ! may i know how you enter your AUDCAD pair , should place a SELL STOP order below the candle 10 pips right ?

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Hi all , whats up ?

all my dailys are down this week  , around 150  pips , still hanging in there hoping they will come good .

Regards Orid peter

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Hi all , whats up ? all my dailys are down this week , around 150 pips , still hanging in there hoping they will come good . Regards Orid peter[/quote]
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #385 ---
hi orid... eur-usd buy

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Hi Orid

I'm in the E/U sell too, I think its just a matter of being patience, it hasn't moved higher than the 3 ball and I think a fall may be on the cards soon

Martin

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Hi, Everyone

I'm quite new to this system here, But I would like to know that how would you place a stop loss? Any criteria for that

THANK YOU SO MUCH

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Hi nenneffin and welcome ,

I believe the info you are after is on page one ,  place SL just above , ball for sell and just below ball for buy,

Regards  Orid Peter

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Keep in mind guys I use this system with BUY & SELL Stop Orders mainly. I feel it's best to let the market come to you instead of chasing it.

I'm also in a SELL trade with the EURUSD patiently waiting for it to drop...

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Just placed a SELL Stop Order on the EURCAD pair @ 1.51926
Happy Pip Hunting !

--- 帖子 #391 ---
morning, and U/C is still long patience is the answer happy pipping

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Agree Martin.

Also, with every system you will have losers, thats why money management ( having appropriate TP, SL rules) and psychology (being patient and sticking to your rules) is so important to trading.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
hi bob.....eurcad weekly chart showing up trend......though now at a minor resistance level........  pullback short entry??

--- 帖子 #394 ---
hi shinewel

another focus of this strategy is to go with the trend  w1 and move the sl for example

--- 帖子 #395 ---
woo hoo , here we go

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Hi Porfirio

Would you please share your template and indicators( if needed), I like your charts. Thanks

--- 帖子 #397 ---
ofcourse CBJ ... in a couple of hours I put the template, now I have to leave home

--- 帖子 #398 ---
hi paulus

possible to add email alert to the 3level zz semafor indi?....dashboard drains the cpu resources and gets hung......email alert would be helpful to sort out the issue...thnx

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Hi it shouldnt use hardly anything once loaded and updated

ere is the latest version make sure your none lag dot is set to correct number for the time frame 133 on all apart from daily weekly set to 233

here also is semaphor with alerts

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Hi, Paulus

Can you explain again about using the SemaphorTrue indicator ? Is it the semaphor without repaint. I was trying to put it in the chart but not quite sure how to read it

Thank you

--- 帖子 #401 ---
I'm already here

I went to the pub with some friends to watch the game real madrid.

the point .... you just have to follow the trend of  w1 ...joining balls with a trendline, then d1

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Thanks porfirio your awesome.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Hi porfirio

Could you please give me some help. I downloaded your template and indicators, but my chart is not looking like your exactly. Please tell me what I need to do to make it just like yours. I have attached a pic of my chart. Thanks

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Hello Paulus.

Many thanks for your system.

I disable the alert on M5 but still working...any solutions?

THX

BTW it is possible to have your template?

--- 帖子 #405 ---
thnx

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Recently we have been discussing the importance of patience.

This trade took over 11 days for it to move in the right direction for me. I must say, I was tempted to close the trade early, but decided to trust the system, and take a loss if it came to it.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Well done Ezzy

I have been in the same position myself, but so far my patience has been rewarded every time, having said that I am still closing trader way to early but practice makes perfect and I think this is a great system

Martin

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Great work Martin. The more you practice your patience with this system, the more confidence you will gain resulting in more patience, which it will result in more....etc etc etc. Keep it going and remember you will have some losers too.

Cheers

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Hi

Thats weird works fine here silly question but are you sure its the 5min that giving the signals and not another time frame ?

here are my templates...

Cheers P

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Your letter is like mine, cbj

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Hi Paulus thanks for your template.

Yes is M5 take a look at the pictures

Attached Image

Attached Image

Cheers

--- 帖子 #412 ---
There seems to be a few people who are concerned about repainting, this solution might help.
Maybe if you wait for an engulfing candle in the direction you want to trade in, would be an option.
Cheers !
Bob

--- 帖子 #413 ---
hi bob, good idea. just a thought....in which case you need not ignore the ball 1 , so that you get to trade more inside/engulfing/pinbars..............pls comment

--- 帖子 #414 ---
I suppose it's a bit of two trading systems which are both great to use...

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Hello BOB,

great stuff you got here simple and usefull,do you have any preferd currency to trade or you trade all curencies on daily time frame?have great weekend,

cheers buddy.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Hi

As requested

Swaps no in Alphabetical order,recommendation by Sirwolf at a glance see what basket of swaps are trending etc etc

If you try and change the none lag dot away from its 20 setting to the 144 and 233 setting the dashboard may not load I think this is because there is no data stream atm untill this evening.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Hi Buddy, I just search all the currencies for the right set up and go accordantly.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #418 ---
paulus, thanks...as always

--- 帖子 #419 ---
and if i may i have some Q:1.whats the TP goal its 1:1 RR?2.did u made any backtest on it?3.do u find it as profitable strat during the period u use it?4.do you have any addtional indicators that help u to enter trade or pass it?5.for how long you use it and its on real account?6.do u trade in other time frame?hope its ok for asking all that..,thanks buddy and waiting for your replaymy best regardsEitan.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Paulus:

Thanks for the excellent work on the dashboard and the system. Could you please let us know how the system has performed by the rules that you have in place. Would love to know how this system performs on pullbacks.

Thx

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Hi Bob and crew,

It's interesting that you mention this. I've been using engulfing price action on the Daily and 4H to great effect for the last few months, but I miss a number of large moves that don't result from those patterns. I think incorporating your method could prove very profitable. I'll post some charts of my entries and some ideas I have for how we might improve entries within your method. Thanks for all your effort in sharing this. I love simple trading, and this certainly fits the bill.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Let me correct myself Shinwel not Sir Wolf requested the swaps in alphabetical order ..

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Difficult to tell with paper results I need an EA and test it on the various time frames.

I wanted the dashboard so I could tell if its worth taking the next step and creating the EA I think it is..

the main problem I have is that when we go short .. we are by definition in part play of a 123 reversal which can destroy the trade.

How ever this pattern may be of an advantage to us which is what Im looking into now.

AS ever money management is the key here ..take 100 signals 60% strike rate with a 3;1 RR

On 100 trades

we lose 40 taking each loss as 1 pip = 40 pips loss

We win 60 at 3;1 taking each win as 1pip = 60 x 3 x1 = 180 pips wins

Overall pips won on 100 trades 140

But in the statistics of the 100 trades there is the scenario of the 1st 40 trades being losers and the last 60 trades being winners

If you belive in the system and risk 1% of account of each trade thats fine but Im trying to find out the best time frame and the best swaps.

Swaps can change but some methods work better on longer time frames ..it all takes time but the EA with back testing I think can help.I just need to make sure we build in all the paremeters we need to fully test it.

The chart below shows the 123 reversal .. what would save us is go to break even at a cetain level in the trade if the reversal appears were safe..again this needs to be built into the EA for testing

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Stupid if you can not count.

180 - 40 = 140 , wow,  you better than you show  ^^

What I like to say in such threads, please trade explorer or something similar!

--- 帖子 #425 ---
well done I was just making sure people were switched on..you win the prize ... cough....cough

P

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Sorry

What have I gained?

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Here are the entries for the engulfing system for the second half of January and February. I'll explain my entry rules in detail later if they aren't readily apparent to anyone. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #428 ---
My respect ...... haha

P

--- 帖子 #429 ---
how about this setup on the daily chart?also its good candle that pointing to short:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #430 ---
took the NU short side

GL ALL Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #431 ---
pending sell stop order on EUR/CAD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #432 ---
i found in some back test that i made on weekend that ball No2 also good for setup but only according BOB rulles.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #433 ---
I like the short setup on NZDUSD, but I think that opening gap will close before we head south.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Beginning the week with a SELL STOP trade on the GBPUSD on the Daily Chart.
Let make some $$$$$$$$

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Gap is closed @ N/U

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Please explain in full

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Yup, and I'm short from 8382.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Hi Howard, I'll explain shortly. I have to travel today, but I'll do a write up soon.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Hi all , still trying different , exits with this, but  h4 is way infront of dailys at the mo

dailys only up around 100 pips over three weeks, I went back to h4 0n 20 / 2 here are the results so far.

at the mo im entering on no 3 disc and exit on no 3 disc

still in front on all accounts Demo , says something for this system

regards Orid Pete
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #440 ---
hi, would it be possible to add email/sms alert to the 3level zz semaphor indi? hope someone in this forum could help on this one..........thanks

--- 帖子 #441 ---
I've been looking to get short on the GBPJPY, but waiting for that opening gap to close. We just covered the gap a few minutes ago.

Edit: Entered short at 170.359 on a two bar engulfing pattern on the 5M.

First target is 169.150

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Update of my current trades on H4, waiting for the  no 3 disc to exit, see how this works out. this method rocks Bob

Regards orid peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Hi Peter

I see no SL on your chart do you still trade without one ?

What is your pain threshold on this trade where would you close ?

Thanks

P

--- 帖子 #444 ---
i see all stoploss in his trades......

--- 帖子 #445 ---
No 3 disc? isn't 3 is stronger than 2? :o

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Hi Paulus , I have stop loss on all these trades just above or below no last 3 disc, will exit on next no 3 disc ( really should pull out now I suppose almost @1000 pips)

but I will stick to the , My plan of waiting till new no 3 disc appears then set a trailing , to see how I go

The unbelievable thing is im not using any support or resistance . daily high or low,  ignoring all news , (I don't even check news at all)  infact  completely plain chart exept what you see ive posted ,

I have never had these sort of results not even close, can't seem to do wrong, it seems too good to be true , so maybe it is , but can't deny results !!

Regards Orid Peter

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Well done Peter, great results as always.

I'm only trading the daily, but the 4h looks like better results. are using a live account yet or are you still on the practice?

Martin

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Great stuff there Pete, I'm also finding the H$ a better option with this system.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Just placed a SELL Stop Order @ 85.733 on the NZDJPY Pair on the H4

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Hi martin  I still havn't started Live  ( I just cant believe how good I'm doing  keep on pinching myself ) but as I said the results are amazing to say the least.

And so damn simple .Here are my dailys  not so good but im going to try the same rules see how I go , still up 350 pips or so,

Ive yet to have any account with this method sink into the red , even trying all the different entries and exits. Bob you are a genius

notice I could have pulled out this trade at no 2 disc for more pips but ill wait for the no 3 disc

Regards Orid Peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Hello Everyone and thanks for the system.

Orid it will be possible to have your template with indi also the History one and a simple explanation about the rules you are using?

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #452 ---
so bob,

do you trade the daily timeframe or the h4 timeframe ?

--- 帖子 #453 ---
sry double post

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Nice System.. Keep up the good work Bob and rest of the ppl . Will try it in H1, H4 and Daily.... Lets see were best results are.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Enter EURJPY  Sell but i think it was no good idea , cause i think it will try too break the 141.000 but we will see....

--- 帖子 #455 ---
hi howa61,

template is on p1  it is  a plain chart with the semaphore, rules also same as on page 1  ; except at the mo I'm only trading the large no 3 discs , try to enter within 40- 100 pips of no 3 disc ( always with a stop order) So I follow the no 3 disc at around 40 pips if poss with a stop order , sometimes if Im late seeing the reversal I like to enter within 100 pips. hope this makes sense

those indis are on posts 145 and150

hope this helps.

regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Are you using a trailing stop or just wait till the next disc 3 for exit?

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Watch NZDUSD H4

3 Disc is up and it s overbought in H4, Daily and Weekly
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

only thing is if it will drp again under the 0.8400 think it will be a big resistence

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Thanks Orid for your answer.

Nice day

--- 帖子 #459 ---
I'm using the 3 Disk too, looks good :o

--- 帖子 #460 ---
well cad jpy just produced a new no 3 disc on 4 hr and started to pull back so exited at + 89 pips and now looking to put a sell stop( almost missed it as busy)

oh and I pulled out of gbp usd at BE , didn't like the look of it

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #461 ---
I was going to wait till next 3 disc then place a 50 pip stop or trailing , what you guys think ?

Regards Orid peter

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Hello Bob,

I do not quite understand why so many pips below the red 3 disc ?

I might have misunderstood some part of your entry rules, but I thought it was " 10 pips or so " below that.

Is there any special reason why you instead set your limit order that far ?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Peter

What swaps are you looking at for the 4hr trades please ?

P

--- 帖子 #464 ---
When he placed the order - the disc 3 had already formed, but has now repainted.....

--- 帖子 #465 ---
sorry Paulus for my ignorance , by swaps do you mean currency pairs ?

If so the ones shown on my posts .

Ill be going live next week hopefully , I like how they accept my deposit ,but now I have to wait to be verified?

Regards Orid Peter

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Thanks Kaiser,

I thought that too, but he wrote " Just placed ".... therefore my question.

Moreover: if the sell stop order was placed based on a "previous" position of the Red Disc, then the SL should have been hit already.

Now the SL is over the recent Disc.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
I hann't checked but I think bob usually places stop order at close or bottom  of candle, also if price didn't move down and hit the order the sl wouldn't be hit because no trade , (one of the good things with this )

regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Now it starts ........

P

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Where do I put the indicator in my MT4 folder? I tried to put it ever where within MQ4, it never show up.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Did you put it in like this?
http://gyazo.com/d5f958602c8e7e6df7c64da24cd2c6ec

And tpl. file like this
http://gyazo.com/a8f4eca6f3e336e0156e56e350fa2e8b

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Hi Guys,I placed the SL above the 3 dot and my entry under the candle just in case it reprinted which it did.Also the entry did kick in then went back up and hit my SL above.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
I suspect without the 000_3_Level_ZZ_Semafor_TRO_MODIFIED_VERSION.mq4 file the indi doesn't show up on chart for MT4 build 600. Please correct me if I am wrong.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
latest. Three are showing new no 3 disc so have moved Sl up about 50 pips behind

Regards Orid peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Sam are you saying that you have put the Semafor indi into your MT4 platform and it isn't showing on the chart?  If so see e-traders reply above or try this.

Open MT4 platform then Files - Open Data Folder - MQL4 and place the indi there.  Close then reopen platform and you will be in business.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Dailys looking better
made epic mistake on 4 hrs  set Sl on the three  @ 5 pips instead of 50 doh , still all made good pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Hello

Got a question Orid or Bob, I took a sell order at Yellow Line . Was this a valid entry or sould i waited for price move under the candel with the 3 Disc ? THX

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Hi bobha

I have try but the indi shown inactive. What is the problem for me?

--- 帖子 #478 ---
When you are in ur platform, Go to File -> Open Data Folder...

and place the indicator in the folder /MQL4/Indicators

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Just click and drag it onto your chart , it shluld stil work even when its grey

--- 帖子 #480 ---
sam2vt,

I had a few problems too, when I opened the data folder it wasn't there so I dragged it accross from downloads again and then compiled it in the editor, it's now "working" see if that works for you

Paj

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Ya... its work... Thanks Pack and others who help. Love FF

--- 帖子 #482 ---
This is what I get on the file Paulus did on the 26th Feb which gives a lot of signals. I can't download the TRO version as I am on the latest new build which is MQL4 not EX4. My broker is sending conversion info so I will see if I can get that converted, anyone done this already?

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Ok for some bizarre reason the TRO indicator is now in my indicators even though I restarted many times.  The f symbol is greyed out but the indicator now works. I will post trades as and when I get a valid signal, with comments.  given the news today and tomorrow it maybe next week........

--- 帖子 #484 ---
hey all, also got a Question. If 3 Disc appears like in chart below would we place the sell order on the yellow line (but the candel did not close yet, still 1h18mins left) or would we put sell order on blue line ? THX in advance

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Answer: Yellow (which is under current bar)

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Cause Bob said of CLOSED CANDEL but i saw some trades where ppl placed order at current bar. Ok im confused

Holy moly news had a big impact EurJpy just rised 100 pips in 2 mins EurUsd 70 . If you in a buy trade at those pairs you just made a lot of pips.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
yes we are still in a bit of a learning stage, trying different ways.

Ive lost all my demo accounts somehow , trying to get the live account working.

so I'm starting again , on the demo till live is up and running.

here are my new stop orders on H4

I move the orders up if the disc repaints

regards orid pete

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Nice thx orid

I have the same orders on AudUsd, EurJpY, UsdJpy under the last closed candel . The other pairs i never traided before , i will look how you do with the other pairs then i perhaps trade them too

LOL the EURJPY Candel is crazy for SL hehehe

oh and NZDUSD i just Placed one order

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Ok I have taken a trade on AUDCHF, I will trail on the 8H as I use MT5 to execute trades I have attached both charts

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Hmm my H4 chart on AUDCHF is looking like this , so at my chart the entry would be at yellow line . But somehow your bar allready closed under it , my bar did not..... Ah ok its the borker times .. im from EU . But you got to watch it cause the 0.8000 is a hard resistence but if it breaks it  and wont go up again the price could fall...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Just my opinion but I would hold off on any new NZD trades for this week.....looks like its' "last run up" before selling off next week...........might be a great opportunity then!

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Jep think the same on NZDUSD and on AUDCHF i would wait until it goes under last support at 0.7965

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Hi !

If I was trading that pair I would have placed a SELL Stop Order around 0.84690

--- 帖子 #494 ---
hey bob , ur thoughts on EURCAD, USDCHF, GBPUSD and GBPCAD trades? Daily of cos =)

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Wait for the candle that has the yellow dot to close, then place a SELL STOP ORDER a few pips under it.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Hi Bob  and thanks for releasing your system,  have only had the one trade    on the GBPCHF   took 80 pips  closed it due internet connection problems

grrr big pond      your transparency is welcome as far as your profile and replies to questions

wish you well into the future with all you do

Allan      ( Aussie  with old eyes )

--- 帖子 #497 ---
I don't really like the EURCAD at the moment but if I was to trade it I'de put a SELL STOP Order @ 1.51200

The USDCHF same with that pair I'de wait for a bullish candle then place a BUY STOP Order maybe around 0.88840

Same with the GBPUSD a SELL STOP ORDER BELOW 1.6640 I don't like this pair at the moment also.

I don't have the GBPCAD on my chart,,,sorry.

At the moment I in a trade with the CADJPY for a SELL and have a SELL ORDER wait for the NZDJPY to drop a little more, on the H4 time frame.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Hello bob you choose to sell CADJPY a little bit early because on D1 was already the DOT 2?

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Hi all , well Ive  showed the good ones  so better show some doubtfull ones , early days yet. lots of pending orders

Still waiting on ok for live account

is everyone making pips?

regards orid
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Orid,

Has the S3 moved along with price? I wasn't watching this pair but here is my chart, different broker, I use New York close. My observations are.. candle hasn't broken and you would be heading into support directly below I like to see some space for price to go, before you take a trade draw in the next area of support or resistance if it looks fairly strong and is too close pass.

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Ok I have closed AUDCHF as the first area of support seems to be holding for now, that inside bar also didn't carry through.

--- 帖子 #502 ---
What about AUD daily? In a downtrend ---got the 3 ball retrace.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Hi Iamfx,

This is just my take... Yesterdays bar is very strong and today we continue to push above resistance I would like to see some clear price action that would go hand in hand with the S3 on Monday, ideally a pin bar reversal closing below resistance, the only way that's going to happen is if we keep pushing up from here and we sell of hard later, possibly with NFP that could happen.

--- 帖子 #504 ---
im just trying this on demo so i placed a lot of orders before i went to bed yesterday. But is not looking good:

Went in on yellow line , the 3 disc was at that time at the candel marked with blue. Order was only 3 pips away of 3disc candel. Next time i set order atleast 5-10 pips under 3disc candel.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The same thing on AUDUSD order was placed at yellow 3 disc was at blue arrow. Also order was only 2 pips under 3 disc candel...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If i yould have placed the order 5-10 pips under the 3 disc candel it would not have triggerd the 2 order ... but still learning. But my orders where valid entries or ?

And PAJ you are totaly right on AUDUSD there was a big resistence broken should have waited with that trade and with NZDUSD i think should waited to for bounce of the 0.8555 Resistence. But i thought just try this system only with the rules and dont care about news or sup/resis... i think bad idea.

Oh and i mark my trades cause i make my orders with MT5 ...

--- 帖子 #505 ---
hello guys, one question, you put your orders 10 pips away from the close of the candle or from the high low? in the first post is the close, but i see orid``s order under the low whats right

thanks

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Normaly right under the CLOSE OF CANDEL thats the rules. But you see in my last post #505, the 2 orders where losers. If i would have placed the order 10 pips under the close of 3 disc, the 2 orders would not been triggerd. .... I will next time set my orders 5-10 pips under close of candel... But thats only my try , the right rules are order at close of candel.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Hi paj  that reversed on me and - 70 pips , ive put a new stop order .

Regards orid

--- 帖子 #508 ---
hi orid, you put your buy and stop order always high/low of the prefious candle not close is this right

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Hey guys

i think USDJPY and EURUSD are really looking good to go down next week. But this is only a try with this System + SHI Channel indy.

If you look daily chart USDJPY at the yellow circle it touches the SHI Channel in daily and when you look at the 4 Hour it also touches the SHI Channel. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In here EURUSD in Daily it went over  the SHI Channel and in H4 it ust touched the SHI Channel , but i think it went over the Daily SHI channel cause the H4 SHI wasnt touched (and News ofcouse)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sry if i post some new indicator to this System but its only a try from my side . Cause i think we all want to make that System work better and better and make good pips.

What do you guys think about USDJPY and EURUSD ?

--- 帖子 #510 ---
40-100pips below disc ,is what im trying but that is not bobs rules.

regards orid

--- 帖子 #511 ---
40-100 pips in daily or 4H chart ?

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Orid - Just a question-----also Bob could weigh in ----  Since the Yellow dot has moved several candles why not move the

entry order just under that new candle?

Tom

--- 帖子 #513 ---
KPack - I don't mean to disrespect what you have added in the way of indicators but Bob, who started this thread stated that the only indicators we need for HIS system is the Semafor indi.  A lot of threads get screwed up because well meaning people try to add to what the thread is all about.  You may have a great system and if so why not open a thread so people can decide for themselves  BUT  this is Bobs thread and we need to respect him and his way of trading while he generously shares with us.  Thanks for understanding.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
No Problem, i thougt the system is not finished , thougt he want to build a System with the semafor indi..... But thats why i wrote sry for posting a new indi.... Wont happen again , i know what you mean that threads get f...up cause of ppl adding new stuff. I will stay here with you guys and try the system too. But like oric also dont play with the rules for entrys. And i also had a lot of losers when i sticked to the , order placed direct under 3 disc candel.... But from now on, no new Indis   sry again

--- 帖子 #515 ---
UCad closed for 70 pips

--- 帖子 #516 ---
KPACK - Thanks for the reply -- i know you are only trying to learn and help others -- i certainly do not know what the answer is to the drawdowns.  Maybe if when we get the yellow and place our order 10 or so pips above / below we should just put a small .01 order in the direction we want to go.  If it retraces and yellow moves put another .01 order in until price comes up above the original order then go with a larger $$ order.  Just trying to figure it out like you.

Tom

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Yep , i will try the 10 pips or sup/Res , Down below tactic. Just enterd NZDUSD on Yellow line a little under the last support. Lets see where it goes  only sad think is it is friday and on friday normaly not much happens...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Saw what was happening..........seems like the powers to be were sucking people into believing the NFP was going to be bad because of weather and they pulled the rug again....sold nzdusd at .8490 my tp is .8089..........it was maybe the NZD last gasp b4 the fall mentioned earlier...we will see.........

--- 帖子 #519 ---
same opinion. i also think EurUsd and UsdJpy looks good for sell next week but we will see.

--- 帖子 #520 ---
hi, my strategy is to start with small lots and if the market goes against you, i buy more lots, i did it now with the U/N

First Buy was @0,8353

and my last one @0,8494

now i have 2 winners and 2 loosers in my account and hope that next week are all four winners

i know it look like martingale, but i trade oter strategies same

sorry for my bad english its not my favorite

have a nice weekend and many pips

--- 帖子 #521 ---
on both 4hr and daily, sorry im being a bit vague but I try to judge it by the way it looks at the time, sometimes nice to get in early but more risky

please remember though I have a lot of faith in this method,because of my results.

I'm still quite new to forex, infact most of you guys probably have more experience than myself,

LIVE ! Monday for me ,see if I got the metal.

regards orid peter

Latest , turning in my favour slowly
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #522 ---
That aus /usd looks really nice

--- 帖子 #523 ---
yep tom that's what I do

edit well I mean not right behind new candle but follow at a distance .

regards

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Keep on the good work orid, got faith in you. And best luck for you Live account next week. Its hard to go live cause the emotions will play a big role in live account. But you will do it Pips pips pips

--- 帖子 #525 ---
yep on daily its look great also the real trend is down(weekly and daily)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #526 ---
the tide turns , hope I don't end up eating those words lol ,
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Hi Peter..If I can just add my 2 pennies worth here esp as your going live Monday

If you have taken this into account then ignore the post but trading across several swaps with various pips values can be potential account blowing

Taking things to the xtreme for an eaxample

4 swaps pip value

1 $10 per pip

2 $10 per pip

3 $10 per pip

4 $50 per pip

TP and SL the same

You make 4 trades close each for the same amount of pips ( 2pips for example)  1,2,3 as above all win = 3 wins 2pips each = 60 pips

4th trade loses = $100

Strike rate is a good 75% but you lose on the account

The way to get around trading over several swaps all with different pip values is to take the SL size for each trade and convert to %

So trade 1 100 pips SL take 2% of account and and use that to buy contracts to the value of $100

Then trade 4 with higher pip value 100pip SL t ake 2% of account and use that to buy contracts to the value of $100

The loss will be the same as you are trading the %

An inexpensive EA can do all this for you instaly when your order is filled

So you get a big down candle of 200 pips you get filled on the next bar and you dont get nervous because your trading a 200 pip SL because your only going to risk 2%

Hope that helps

p

--- 帖子 #528 ---
to avoid repainting and dd worries....and enter the trade with pinpoint accuracy....just use fib and patience...nothing else....if you want ,for confluence, use TDI indicator , you can enter the trade with high probability success and less dd....fibs will give you many opportunities if you feel you missed the first opportunity.... please see attachment and you can figure it out yourself...

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Thankyou Paulus, you are indeed a gentleman to offer such good advice, I really appreciate it.

I will be trading the smallest amounts possible for awhile (mini lots) until I am more confident. I am still trying different  entries and exits.

Btw are you doing any good with your way of trading this method?

regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Hi Pete,

I was going to mention something on the same lines.

Each time I've gone belly up is because I've been greedy.

Now I trade only a few trades at a time with smaller lot size.

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Must admit shinewell this novice hasn't got a clue using fibs may have to read up on them ,you seem put a lot of  trust in them . although I have used TDI a lot.

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #532 ---
no worries bob and thanks, I have had two other live accounts , 1st was 5 years ago  I lost $20 yes that's right 20 dollars and pulled out , last time was 3 months ago lost 70 dollars and pulled out lol.

hell of a mind job live trading , this time I'll win.

Regards orid  peter

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Bob, guys, I am assuming that the more signals combined the stronger the signal, for instance EURUSD has a S3 on 3 time frames, weekly daily and 4H, some examples below: -

S3 trade signals valid for Monday

EURUSD WEEK DAY 4H

USDCHF WEEK DAY 4H

AUDCAD WEEK DAY 4H

AUDUSD DAY 4H

NZDUSD DAY 4H

EURJPY DAY 4H

GBPUSD 4H

USDJPY 4H

If we trade the strongest either on the 4H or daily trigger then we could measure the success of those trades against the "weaker" signals. Personally I would like to see the signals combined with price action and I don't want to be heading into strong support or resistance, so I would be looking for price to break any levels with momentum and any retraces rejected. Good luck what ever you decide.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
thanks PAJ what do you mean about AudJPY this looks good too

nice weekend

--- 帖子 #535 ---
I'm waiting for another bearish candle to finish on the AUDJPY on my H4 which I think will happen Monday morning Pacific Time.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Frani60, I have attached the chart of AUDJPY, 93.00 area is my first concern, I don't trade this pair but it may be worth taking half off at the first problem area and seeing if momentum carries through on the remainder? it depends on your trading method.  Last time it acted as support it bounced for days before it broke.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
ok thanks, i think this week we have many opportunities again

--- 帖子 #538 ---
this is not easy for handle the market order

market order is when u sell..someone will buy

buy for sell...sell for buy...sell buy for bu sell

but when u sell..nobody buy but someone will buy..what??

sell when buy ??

ahhh..wtf is this..i cannot understand on this..please someone help me..

--- 帖子 #539 ---
hey guys, i'm a 19 year old student and enthusiast and brand new to trading and these forums!

i have traded on various demo accounts for a while using all sorts of systems, technical and fundamental analysis etc with okay results.

but this system looks exceptionally good!

Pete, a question for you, if you do start live trading, what size lots will you be looking to start trading with using this system?

looking at ur results, would you step it a little higher than a normal starting lot size or be patient with it?

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Its doing ok

But many swaps and time frames its difficult to keep track and my record keeping is not good Im more a thinker creator and trader than a record keeper.

I think Im going to plump for an indicator to be written not an EA at this stage..One of the big advantages of an indicator over an EA is that you can apply it to any swap and time frame and see instantly where the signals are.

I will post here when done

P

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Orid,

You can use this indicator. Just input entry, SL and risk in % or in cash. It will give the lot size. Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
you can trade with this system by folowing the trend 4hrs and daily TF's, the win record is high and good,just put for daily TF 800EMA,200EMA and 60EMA

when price is above 800,200 and also 60EMA above all u will trade only long(my opinion and high recomended)and vers versia for short

on 4hrs tf add also 1600EMA. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GL all and have best trades for this week ahed.

Eitan.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
be carefull on that..

EU=bulish trend!i prefer to wait only for long entries Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDCHF=bearish trend!prefer waiting for short entries Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDCAD=mixed and pointing to break the last bearish trend to bulish trend for now its ranging!!i prefer to leave this pair for now. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NU=mixed with pointing for bulish trend i do prefer to avoid it to.. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EJ=bulish trend!i prefer to wait only for long entries Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GU=bulish trend!prefer to wait for long entries  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UJ=mixed with bulish sentiment i do prefer to avoid this one too  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BUT THATS MY 2CENTS VIEW..I PREFER TO TRADE ONLY BY THE TREND AND ITS MY LEADER INDICATOR

GL

Eitan.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
I do prefer the two below

short on au Attached Image (click to enlarge)

100pip rr

and long on gbpaud Attached Image (click to enlarge)

120pip rr

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Am looking forward to it!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #546 ---
also opened short on gold  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Yet again Bobs method is proving itself, big tutn aroud from - 170pips  to this.

My last demo post . all future will be LIVE!    arghhh

Regards orid Pete
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #548 ---
last of the demo posts
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

.orid peter

--- 帖子 #549 ---
many thanks firebird, and to all you guys helping me ,

Seems we have a great bunch of people on this thread.

regards orid

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Hello Eitan can you upload your template H4 and D1 with your 2 new indi?

THX

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Hi Aurafx, sorry for slow reply only just saw your post,

In answer to your question (please remember I'm a novice)

My aim is to start first week lowest lots possible 0.01, if  in profit after weeks end , go 0.02 the next week and so on.

this is on mini lots,

But my problem may be that I will have too many trades on at same time,(not recommended ) but that is the way I have traded on demo with great success,

I have tried trading other ways with all the usual  indicators with  terrible results.

Actually read a story few months back , (can't for the life of me find it again) about a very very successful trader. he was some maths genius but  couldn't for the life of him make any profit on forex,eventually made it big time , he was interviewed by a very close friend of his a few times  asking him what the secret was , all he would ever say was "its very simple  Buy when the price go's up sell when the price go's down"

Regards Orid peter

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Waited up for the open last night as we had a lot of signal - some with better price action and support and resistance than others - I am short AUDUSD at .90504  we had an S3 with a half decent shooting star/pin bar, it gapped down below Fridays bar which was sitting on resistance and the small retrace after open was rejected, AJ was good too. I want to reiterate that I believe it's best to combine the signal with price action especially if it's in a good area. having woken up this morning in profit I have taken a little of the table and moved my stop to todays high, lets see what happens at the next support areas.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
i m also in, but i took the trades after the gap close, this was a nice wake up

so have a good day and many pips to all

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Hi all , well first orders live are in one has taken and down 50 pips 3 others still hovering , they are all CT trades ,a good test to start off with,

regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Well done and good luck in going live Peter.

Don't forget to stick to your rules

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Thanks  Ezzy

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Yes, played around with Renko charts last week and placed the semafor file on there........amazing what happens when ALL the NOISE is gone........but it's such a memory hog, not feasible for too many pairs.......

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Thoughts here please.  Are you all trading with the trend only?  I am up 70 some pips here but may close it as I am approaching small support and EMA's.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
I understand, but if you're finding great success isn't going up in 0.01's too small an amount?

That's (with my currency) £1 per 100 pips made, let's say you start slow, and you make 100 pips in your first week, you've just made £1 in a whole week of trading. next week, £2.

I also understand risk and money money management, but if you're looking to trade part/full time and make a generous income out of it isn't that a bit too "risk free"

I'm looking to expand my trading knowledge and experience before i start live, but i was thinking of starting with around £1000 (save up from work/uni loan) and start with lots of 0.10+ and if hopefully i'm finding success throughout the weeks and months, move onto 0.30 > 0.50 >1.00 etc

IS THIS A VERY BAD IDEA?

and yea, that's how most traders seem to have made it big

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Trading a live acct on a new strat at .01 is a good idea,  I am with you Orid.

Adjust your trade size with the amount of pips you gain or lose, and you are set.

Plenty of spreadsheets or indys for that.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
take care all and do not forget good MM and PATIENCE is the key to success

best regards

Eitan.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Jhlewis10, looks like you are doing the right thing your stop loss is now in profit and you have a profit target just above resistance, I like to take some off the table on a strong push down to give me breathing space and see how price action develops from there, everyone is different, I think early on in the thread bob said he waits for a semaphore signal against him before he closes?

--- 帖子 #563 ---
yes well I have made around 2500 pips profit in the two months trading this ,which I think is very good ,especially with no set rules, but really don't mean anything, I might lose the next three months , that's forex , so I start gentle to see if the winning run carries on , if it does for another couple months , might indicate a very sound trading method. But if I try to trade Larger lots and it goes bad it will be really bad especially with the multiple pairs, so I trade exact same as demo ,very small ,

It can still lose because If I want to trade as I did on demo I cant use the 2% risk rule because of the large SL 's , I hate to think of going $ 1.00 a pip Quick way to losing a $10000 account if things go bad .

Sorry for the long  dribble,

Regards Orid peter

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Hi, here an useful tool, someone knows it someone should help

greets

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Hi all ,

My live account 4hr is down 24 pips at the mo

Demo 4 hr is up 170 pips Different trades

regards orid ,

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Hi Orid,

What are your current positions on your live acct? I am short the USDCAD and the NZDCAD currently on a 4h 3bar. The USDCAD is currently about 15 pips inot profit with the NZDUSD still at the spread.

Also, why are your positions different on your demo than your live acct? did you have lingering trades open on the demo?

--- 帖子 #567 ---
yes
yes demo was from friday

live trades ihave are

Aud /cad sell

eur/jpy sell

eur/usd sell

usd/chf buy

down 77 pips

demo+ 102 pips (  well that figures lol?)

power was off all day today till 3,15 pm

off to bed now nighty all .

Regards orid Peter

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Looks like things are starting to move in the right direction. Believe me, when you go live it always seems like what worked on demo is awful in the beginning. Just stay with it, and you'll be fine.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
My post got sent into "moderation" cause i'm a new member,  twice, and they were both removed for some reason..

I had a screenshot of my current positions using this system, i have 5 open positions, all seem to be going quite well for now, currently +1300 pips on GJ, been shorting it since the market opened on sunday, and i don't even think an exit is close.

Sadly, i don't think i can post screenshots to show my positions until i'm no longer a "new member".

--- 帖子 #570 ---
PATIENCE and you will see your profits SOONLY

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Its hard to go LIVE TRADING cause if your first couple of Trades go wrong. Your going bersserk..... Just keep on with your trading style and even if it takes a week or 2-3 to get in profit . Be patience and wait till you get in to the +pips then it will be easy..

--- 帖子 #572 ---
thanks bearfoot and everyone elsefor you reassurance , i'll say it again this system rocks,

Live  up 47 pips

Demo up 348 pips

Regards Orid peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Aura fx  great results ,grats

Orid

--- 帖子 #574 ---
live up 70 pips

4hr demo up 495 pips

daily demo up 270 pips

Regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #575 ---
[attach]1384403[/attach

] Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Well done Orid..just stick to you Demo rules and you will be fine

A few daily set ups Im monitoring RR 3;1 on daily

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Yes and I think the EUR/GBP daily is OK as well

--- 帖子 #578 ---
hi orid , may i know how u entry the market ? 10pips below or above the ball 3 ? and wat pair u focus ?? cos im change to doing this method on 4hr also , but the result still not looking that good ,thats y wanna know the rule u apply on 4hr

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Hi cavenlee

Varies a little , but I (always) put a sell or buy stop order, such as this one and look at the last few candles ,and go behind lowest or highest ,I like to be at least 50 pips away from PA , this one is only about 30 pips away but looks ok to me .

Regards Orid Peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Or this one was a large candle about 100 pips away but always a stop order at least then its heading in the right direction

it would help if I knew what I was doing He He , or maybe not

this is a live one btw  notice it went bad for awhile but then came good .

Regards peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Hey Orid are you also in USDJPY sell ? My sell order was triggerd at yellow line , would you have taken that trade too ? and anyone else on Sell in USDJPY ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #582 ---
will probably work , from what ive seen.

I try not to take trades too many candles after the no 3 disc, But ive done that on live with us / chf was 12 candles away, and its the only one in the red (-300 pips)

That one on us jpy is about 18 candles away

its nice when the trade happens within a few  candles.

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Yes no trigger here yet though

--- 帖子 #584 ---
boy, the gbp pairs are going to give it up real good once they get off this pullback.....keep your powder dry!

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Good luck Peter! Would be great if you would keep us updated on how your live account is going using this system! As i'm also thinking of going live in a few weeks, would be very helpful

Cheers, Aura.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
my sugesstion that trade with this sys only by the trend UJ seems to be on the long (bulish chanell)on 4hrs tf and on dailytf so i sugges to look

only for long pos nor stay away from this pair for now cause on 4hrstf its kind of mixed up Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #587 ---
EURGBP clasical bearish trend!!! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Buy when it's going up, sell when it's going down - simple

Just watch for fake-outs guys! Good Luck!

Btw Peter, which broker did you open your live account with?

--- 帖子 #589 ---
IBFX australia

--- 帖子 #590 ---
sure will , not too flash at the  mo

regards peter

--- 帖子 #591 ---
not worth mentioning 25 pips up on live at mo

Regards orid

--- 帖子 #592 ---
K pac  Hope your still in the us / jpy   its coming good

Very quite here today?

Im up 105 pips on the live , bit slow this week.

Freaky friday may be good  like last week hopefully

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #594 ---
there was a guy I met on another thread ,went by the name "Greyfox"  very knowledgable and very helpful , hopefully he will poke his head in here he would be a great asset. I have his email but don't like to bother him he seems a very private person.

A lot like the rest of you peeps .

where is Martin? would like to hear if you are still doing well ?

Regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #595 ---
thoughts please , this is showing a new no 3 disc so I have placed

a trailing  stop@ 15 pips any comments/

Orid
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Hi Orid

I'm still lurking around

I'm still doing well , I have 2 open trades but both in the red at the minute, EUR/USD sell  at about -50 pips and CAD/CHF buy  at about - 20 pips, both the yellow dots have repainted, but I kept the trades open and things are looking a little better now.

how's the live account doing are you up or down?

Martin

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Looks good im also in USDJPY sell , her is the next two support lvls, around 102.19 and then 101.41 Only showing H1 for the support im also trading the H4

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Good to hear your still doing well Martin ,I'm  Currently up 180 pips for the week with two trades open,

I'ts damn hard to resist closing when you are 100 pips up , heh heh ive weakened a couple of times ,

Damn live trading plays with your mind .

regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #599 ---
hehe thats what i said emotions are so hard to control in live account. I lost my first live account cause of that , now only demo and still got problems with emotions and going out to early. Oh and i took my Profit at USDJPY at 102.000 Cause support and new 3 Disc.

Oh and sell order was tiggert in EURUSD went in 10pips below 3 disc candel . And a little later NZDUSD. What do you think about that trades Orid ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Keep up the good work Peter

--- 帖子 #600 ---
That's just the problem I have Peter, I see some profit and close way to early, you know what they say about "a bird in the hand".

It really is a totally different game than using a demo account. I think you have to look at it as a business, imagine you were starting up any other business and you would have expenses and losses in the early days, as long as you're on a small account nothing too drastic can happen.

Martin

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Thanks EU news.  Added 43 pips, thats over 100 pips today.  Guess I should get off the demo acct.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Hitting cable again after cashing in before

--- 帖子 #603 ---
The EU pairs generated the pips for me today, hehehe - demo acc

--- 帖子 #604 ---
sorry just seen your post , I went to bed

I'm in the Eur /usd also , I don't trade the us nz

that damn us /jpy still going but I;m out

Up 350 pips on live

Regards orid Peter

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Martin trouble is its not theway I traded on demo (getting out early ) which will affect my trading dramatically !,

Because I found if I stayed in 9 times out of ten it would make 1500 pips or more and makes up for the few losses.

where as if you keep pulling out with less profit the losses will creep up on ya .

Oh well all about pips at the mo ,keep on truckin.

Good to see everyone seems to do ok , Where is Bob lately how are you doing bob?

Regards Orid Peter

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Morning Orid(Peter)

Good to see another Aussie here.

Good Luck with your Forex...Extremely tough business and only the totally Dedicated have a chance.Just my humble opinion

Regards,

Ron

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Martin , are you still trading daily only?

For me jury is still out on which is the best . daily or 4 hr Daily is nice because need really small screen time , although 4 hr I usually only check 3-4 times a day,

here is my daily ( demo) just cashed in 100+ pips on us/jpy by mistake . (was looking at 4 hr new disc lol)

anyone else trading daily ?

Regards Orid
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Hello Ron , where in aus are you ? I'm in beautiful Albany wa.

Regards Orid Peter

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Hi Peter,

Melbourne.....Long drive for a cup coffee.  smile

Cheers,

Ron

--- 帖子 #610 ---
may be going to Adelaide later this year with a trip around for a couple months  caravanning , love it

heres my live account , nothing fantastic but at least its up.

Regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Hi Peter,

Sounds like you may be of the older generation like myself.!!!!!!!!!!

Must say for some reason I have never been able to succeed with 4 hour charts...I blame .."Murphys Law"

Your account looks good..Consistancy is the the goal in my opinion..Over the years I have had great wins but also great losses so I have adopted the "Tortaise approach"these days...20+ pips per day compounded .

I only do forex to keep my old brain alive and to keep me off the streets and away from any Bad Women !!!! Smile.

Enjoy your day,.

Ron

--- 帖子 #612 ---
what are you trading Ron daily?

daily is looking very good ( demo) on this bobs method

Edit must say 8 out of 8 current trades all in profit this method just keeps on amazing me!

Lets all meet in the carribean ,carabean next year see who has the biggest yaugt er yaught er yat, Boat .

Or maybe I should take spelling lessons

regards orid peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #613 ---
hi peter, how many pairs are you trading??

nice greets from austria

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Hi frani60

I'm trading just the Ten you see on my charts.

Regards peter

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Hi Peter

Im monitory both daily and 1 hr same swaps both look good atm

Well done on the live account .. if you have set your SL and TP try to just let things happen

Most important though dont hold onto a losing trade that will bust out your account it will take time mentaly to recouver

try to use the % SL its takes away all the pressure and you can do it on any time frame swap and canle size

P

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Anybody know of a good FUNDANENTAL ONLY weekly currency report? Something that gives a simple possible direction on the majors. I was thinking we could use it to add weight to our daily direction as indicated by the charts

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Here is an actual example entry to SL is 85 pips but it could be 300 pips the risk will still be 5% or any nominated % you prefer

This takes away the 'pressure' of running a big stop

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Ive looked into this mysel its very difficult to find market sentiment suitable for your time frame

Most will be daily at the min ..most will be month weekly

P

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Hi Pete,

Just been reading some of the posts. That's great your doing well with the live account, I've been trying a few other methods but keep coming back to old faithful. I've found also using the Bollinger Bands with my method helps with confirmation of trades. And I try not to get too greedy by using smallish lots eg 0.10 for $100 0.20 for $200 ect ! ect !

Haven't been doing too much for I'm busy moving into a new place and been living out of my caravan till the 20th of this month. It's a bit crammed for the puter in my van at the moment.

Anyway !

Have a great weekend and I hope you finish the week with a mega amount of pips...

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #620 ---
I reckon even a weekly forecast would be OK as most of my daily trades take a long time to fire

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Try this update every 30 mins   http://www.dukascopy.com/swiss/engli...tch/sentiment/

And here   http://www.forexsentiment.net/

P

--- 帖子 #622 ---
sentiment giving 66.6% sell so maybe good for a trade..

--- 帖子 #623 ---
something bothering me ,

on my live account there was a spike overnight that should have ended a trade I had on at BE ,

it spiked well past the SL but didn't end the trade , it worked in my favour as it ended going my way + 28 pips .

this never happened to me before , usually spikes just enough to take my SL.

Anyone have thoughts on this please?

Regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #624 ---
You need to phone or contact your broker and find out why your SL didnt trigger

But be careful they may take your pips and reverse the descion to break even ........... spread betting brokers have a habit of doing such !

P

--- 帖子 #625 ---
i observed on demo a/c but unfortunately this indicator is repaints it self. so be ready for booking loss till correct low or high being made.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
non repaint zig zag attached....can be used for entry confirmation, scaling out and exits...

--- 帖子 #627 ---
thank you Paulus,

I'll leave it for nowand see if it happens again.

live account down to + 230 pips ,

3 trades on and 3 pending orders on 4 hour

off to bed , goodnight all ,and good luck

Regards peter

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Thanks Paulus I will check it out

--- 帖子 #629 ---
These just cover sentiment which as far as I know can be traded with sentiment or in a contrarian fashion---ie. if 60% are long you can either go with the crowd or because the crowd are generally supposed to be wrong you go opposite.

I'm more interested in a site that would deal in interest rates, world events and political/economic policies and give a weekly bias based on them.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
I'm trading both daily and 4h, still undecided which I prefer, I think it's good to scan both and keep your options open and if there is a signal on both at the same time all the better

Martin

--- 帖子 #631 ---
yes martin, I have been watching that situation , (daily + 4hr) which has worked on quite a few occasions , good filter .

regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Would the indy give us the lot size based on SL?  That would be helpful.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
I've been trading this system successfully for a short while now and have to say it's going resonably well.

H4 > Daily to be honest.

I look at S&R lvls to confirm a trade, on a regular candlesticks chart.

i've been trading ways that makes sense and "work for me" and it's been delightful (up 4000 pips on a demo acc with Dukascopy, up generous amounts in the thousands on demo accs with a couple of other brokers) looking to go live soon.

Peter, how is your live account going? market is opening today/tomorrow - good luck for the week!

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Hi Aura,

How do you trade this system? Other than S&R levels, you just follow the rules stated in 1st post? Would you share your chart with us? Great to hear that you are making good.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Ho to adjust the distance of the semafore indi (from post 1) further from the candle? Anyone please help.

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Currently on my phone, so cannot post a chart. But looking at the charts using this system, you can generally tell which way the trend will go. #3 discs are the most important. I generally use the H4 time frame, and use the S&R lvls to confirm as i said. It is important to wait till the trend swings the other way before you enter, DO NOT countertrend trade, MM fake outs are hell for us amateurs. The H1 chart usually gives a #3 disc when the H4 chart gives a #2 disc, i take this into consideration looking at a few other factors, but generally i do not exit a trade until the H4 chart tells me to do so (also looking at S&R lvls).

I've lately been more A LOT more confident in myself with how i've been trading, i'm starting to see more just by looking at a regular chart, so i haven't even been using SL's (demo). Good way to improve confidence, however i seriously do not recommend this if you decide to go live.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
great to hear you are doing well Aura,

bobs is a great method, I believe,

My live is not doing that great I took Ct trades last week  although its up 200 pips , with three trades on and three pendings ,

still battling with the grey matter , pulled out of couple trades much to early last week, must learn to control this fault or all is lost.

I will be stronger this week , (promise)  LOL

RegardsOrid Peter

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Crossed fingers  starting to look good on live 4 hr exept the one I most expected to do well .

Regards Peter

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Hi Orid,

would you be so kind to post your template and the indicators. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
hi ayour2a

Indicator semaphore is on page one.

and use just normal candlestick charts.

the other indis are on post 145 and 150  history etc.,

regards Orid Peter

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #642 ---
still going ok , this is where I usually weaken and pull the plug while im infront, (on live that is)

So I'm off to bed ,to avoid temptation ,

G' nite all'

Regards Orid peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Yes that can easily be built into the EA

P

--- 帖子 #644 ---
As requested

For position size risk stop loss etc not created by me but passed onto me

P

--- 帖子 #645 ---
morning evening all, well not much happened overnight , some small discs  no. 2 appeared so set SL  to BE on 3 trades all over 50 pips up .

other 3 trades hovering between -10 and + 20 pips

Regards Orid Peter

--- 帖子 #646 ---
here we go , two just dropped below the 50 BTW some of these trades on 3 days , patience

Regards peter Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Hi Origin(Peter)

I have sent a message to you.

Cheers,

Ron

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Hi all , I ve been hanging off on this because , a bad day , should have pulled when I was well up , ( hindsight is great isn't it )

any way lost most of my pips today.

hope for better tomorrow .

Regards Orid peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Peter

Do you think you done anything differently or handled the lives trades that went bad differently ??

If not then its just the natural sequence of winners and losers you havnt handled yet in your history of trading this method

If need be go back to Demo for a week then do it and and rty and write down rules observations etc

P

--- 帖子 #650 ---
dont give up,in this buisnees its happend sometimes.

--- 帖子 #651 ---
With the UKRAINE NEWS at the moment its hard to get good pips just with Indicators...

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Yep a few bad decisions ,  I really should have taken those 500 pips , but I wanted to wait for new no. 3 disc ( my theory ) before exit instead of no 2

Will probably exit on no 2  next time ,live and learn ,  heh my two demos are still in profit but have gone backward also, so also a poor week all round, for my rules anyhow, we gotta have them though.

Be interested how everyone else is doing??

Regards Orid peter

--- 帖子 #653 ---
apart from the 500 pips ..but as you said no opposite disc which were your rules then Id say its just draw down that will be seen in most methods

Im looking at 1 hour but trying different ways of eliminating the many false signals you get,and Im still using the 3;1 RR and % staking on the trades.

Il post some charts later

Cheers

P

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Hi Orid

Don't loose confidence, i'm sure you'll be back on track pretty soon.

I have a tendency to close trades too early so I would have probably banked those 500 pips as i've lost count on how many times a winning trade has reversed and turned into a looser.

I've had one winner this week and two still open including the E/U sell from last week, I'm still hoping for a fall as it doesn't seem to want to move higher.

Happy Pipping!!

Martin

--- 帖子 #655 ---
I am trading live on D and 4H, disc 2 and 3's in direction of trend only and on the right side of EMA 200.

Just started.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Two weeks live , the good news is im  up in pips,

bad news is its only +33

have three stop orders on  no trades at the mo.

Off to bed , g nite all and good luck

.

Regards Orid peter

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Hi. I've been using this technic with my own style. I use candlestick pattern as guide and confirmation to enter. I'll makesure the Yellow dot semaphore have this candlestick confirmation. And the swing is on !

For the SL. I'll move based on the dot. If sell :

1st SL - Yellow dot

2nd SL - 1st Red dot

3rd SL - 2nd Red dot

and so on until the Yellow dot have been seen.

http://instaforexpips.com/wp-content...ck-pattern.jpg

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Rookie mistake today, left a bunch of buy/sell stops open during FMOC, I was in a meeting.

Had to work to salvage my gains today.  Was up 45 pips and lost about 25 of them.

Lesson learned.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Can you explain what happen ? I thought that when you swing in daily. Its unaffected trading.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Please comment about my trade. Its only a demo. But, trying to get my eye to be sharpen. Entry based on candlestick pattern for confirmation. Here's today entry.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Hi demolatonz

All those trades look OK to me, i'm sure you will get some pips out of them, just need to be patient as they can sometimes take several days to have a decent move.

Martin

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Well thank you Martin. Is there anything you wanted to share with me ? So I can improvise my technique.

Now, I tend to add stoch 12,3,3 to see whether its already Overbought or Oversold. Most of my entry seems, follow the rule.

Maybe next month I will try to use live account.

Maybe I will deposit $10. The thing is. I am too greedy. As sometimes, I will see more than 5 entry. But I need to maintain my money management system

sigh

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Sometimes, I do hesitate to enter. As, false Yellow dot might appear. Like this example :

Long Upper Shadow / Bearish Pinbar already occur, but the price still moving UP.
http://charts.mql5.com/4/216/audcadc-d1-exness-ltd.png

This one also Pin Bar. But what happen ? The price moving UP also.
http://charts.mql5.com/4/216/nzdusdc-d1-exness-ltd.png

--- 帖子 #664 ---
you could try waiting for your signal, but don't enter untill there is  a retrace back to the same level

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Thanks martin for the advice. Maybe I will try using the stoch + candlestick pattern 1st

Below is the entry that I entered yesterday. Live CENT account. Well, I'm newbie though, need a lot of practice . But this technique is good.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After awhile :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Well I guess. 3 entry that is negative will bounce positive. I hope it would not hit the Stop Loss. Lets see tomorrow  cheers.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Tis Quite,

update from me

regards Orid peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #667 ---
tis still quite here ???

latest for my live account.

demos still ok.

faith.

regards Orid peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Well done orid just keep taking the signals....

Im trying to find logical and rules based approach to these semaphors,which may sound easy but one has to illiminate the false signals of which there are many

Its going ok any thing decent or any major progress I make I will post here

P

--- 帖子 #669 ---
latest update,

h4  demo  +335 pips

daily demo  +631 pips

ahem live demo - 508 pips

regards orid Peter

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Hi Peter

The 2 figures are so contrasting ,there has to be a logical reason I cannot believe its slippage on the live account

The demo and live are you running these side by side ie if you take the demo signal you take the live signal if thats the case its the exit

What do you put the 2 differences down to ?..its almost as if its 2 entirely separate systems

P

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Here is something that may help to eliminate some of the dud trades. If you put the indi on any weekly chart you will see which currencies are strong and which are weak. On the chart I have posted (I hope it shows up) you will see that the AUD is strongly up while the CHF is quite weak. So theoretically it would be a bad idea to sell AUD/CHF at the moment.

Bob

--- 帖子 #672 ---
I kid you not I do know the reason,

the daily and 4 hr demo have been running a little longer than the live, and are about Be compared to the live account from same starting point..

but the main reason for the live being behind the daily demo by - 1100 pips and the 4 hour  - 800 pips.

well the main reason is ... I only take the high probability trades on the live, so although im taking the same high prob trades on demo its mostly the other trades low prob , on the demo  that are doing well and making the difference. So looks like at the moment I should take all trades that show no 3 disc regards less.

hope this makes sense

Regards Orid Peter

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Thank you bobha

RegardsPeter

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Paulus I have sent you a PM

Peter

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Ah ok that makes sense we do have some difference in selection method

I think the best way forward would be to draw a line under both accounts and start fresh with 2 new  .. demo and live and take like for like trades

I think for your own sanity it would do good, I suspect the existing set-up is frustrating to say the least its just reminding you every time you look at it your charts your failing...when in truth your not as the selection method is different.

P

--- 帖子 #676 ---
latest.

Regards Orid peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Hi P

you have taken 7 trades on AUDCAD on live only 3 on demo ...why was that ?

P

--- 帖子 #678 ---
not sure , im terrible keeping records ,

Oh yes Paulus its probably becauase I trade daily and 4 hr on the live account , because just one live account .

think I may stick to dailys see if I do better.

Regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Hi Pete,

I've been working my system with the added help of Bollinger Bands and also the Stochastic, this may help with your trading.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
thank you bob

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Bob, what settings are you using for the Bolli Bands?

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Hey Bob,

thanks for sharing your method and the updated template.

Can you please explain shortly which rules you follow to enter the trade?

Very appreciate your response!

--- 帖子 #683 ---
My settings are Period 20 & Deviations 2

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #684 ---
For a BUY Trade do the opposite way around.

I like to take profit when the bars reach the other side of the bands or you could wait till you get an opposite signal.

You can trade this a few different ways...

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #685 ---
@WahajaHow did you do your backtest even wayback to 2006 and knew that some candle repainted and the dates, how did you do it? is it with a special programe?

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Is it the only dot with 3 that you trade? or you trade number 1 and 2 dots too?

--- 帖子 #687 ---
ok guys just want to help here..enjoy Attached File(s)   PZ_DayTrading.ex4

14 KB
|
805 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #688 ---
my suggestion is to trade only the #3ball sem as first trig and wait the last confirmation with arrow box

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Hi Eitan , that looks really good , thankyou for sharing

when do you enter? at bottom or top of box or at candle close after the box?

Regards Orid Peter

--- 帖子 #690 ---
candle after the arrow

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Hi eltan,have you really confirm if this indicator does not actually repaint?

--- 帖子 #692 ---
pls take alook on GU 4HRS tf i took short there

--- 帖子 #693 ---
etain1010 indie combined with TMA looks intersting...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #694 ---
i use it only on daily tf and 4hrs tf

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Can you share your tma bands indicator please

--- 帖子 #696 ---
here u go,,,,,,,,,,,,,

--- 帖子 #697 ---
That decompiled version of PZ daytrading does not repaint.  Arturo codes some good stuff.  SL at the top or bottom of the box is too much often.  I put mine at the halfway point.  Also customize the size of each box for each pair to get the highest winning percentage on each.

--- 帖子 #698 ---
short on EUR/KIWI(i try the one hr tf)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #699 ---
your tma indi not compile or missing the exe file

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Eitan - Your Project trade report for the past 17 days looks good!

Have you been using this method (PZ box and semafore) consistently to achieve these results, or has it been a mixture of methods?

--- 帖子 #701 ---
no,the project is method by itself.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
eitan,Most times after the no3 dot, the stoploss is often high. How do you set take profit?

--- 帖子 #703 ---
I have had the ptzero indicator for several years now and can say it does not repaint.....but it works best on higher timeframes (4hour and above)....I have just never found a good "filter" for it so maybe this is viable now. One thought is to wait for signal on 4hour and enter on the 1hr or 15 min. It would mean probably less profit, but also less risk...

On the EURUSD: it fell over 100 pips yesterday......and 18 ema has fallen further away from the 3 ema......so I wouldn't be taking any longs to be on the safe side!

--- 帖子 #704 ---
1:1 RR but most of the time i close it in the half way if i see strong S/R area even though i see later that price gave lot of pips from my original TP

(but thats in my project method).

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Thanks again eitan, I got back +170 pips today on my live account using the PZ (4 hr), to be honest also made some pips on demo without the Pz  , but I think your PZ may be a very good filter ,

Off tomorrow for a week or so caravanning , good luck all see ya when I return .

regards Orid peter Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #706 ---
welcome buddy,i am very happy for you and for me that its help you,

my best regards,

Eitan.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
eitan1010, good stuff...that candle that is a breakout out of box seems to carry allot of pips with it. I know the idea is to enter after the low of breakout candle , but have you looked at entering at the bottom of the box and not after the breakout candle?

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Well Done Orid

And thanks to Eitan for the indi.

I haven't traded with it yet, but  it looks like an exciting new addition to this system

--- 帖子 #709 ---
tell the truth this one hr tf was just an test..in all my trading style i look to wait in patience till the candle close to consider any trade..

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Hi Eitan, this system you have looks pretty good will give it a try on my next few trades.

Thanks for the addition

--- 帖子 #711 ---
hmmm... Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #712 ---
GL buddy and have great weekend!

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Hello Esosa,

I back-tested a lot of strategies, these are my special tricks to understand the movements, i have the history from 2005 till now, especially with M1 and daily charts. 2006 and 2007 EURUSD markets were less trending and more choppy. Opposite in 2013 and 2014 (continue till now), the market in EU is less choppy and more trending...

Results can be different when we trade different pairs at the same time, but i don't think that the system has a long living time. System is good to make some quick money but for the long run, i would prefer not to trade with this if i am serious with my capital.

Trading the My Market Order system can be very profitable if traded with discretion, its experience which makes money, not a system. Some naked traders are managing to make even 100% per month of their capital with consistency, you know what? It is their experience which makes money for them. About me, soooooo, i am very much happy with my system. Remember what i said, "Bob's system is profitable if traded with discretion", just like Orid did.

Best Regards,

PrinceWahaj

--- 帖子 #714 ---
in addition to PTZ indi there are some update that improve results as i BT it and have my conclussions:

each pair i will list here need to be change the" MinRange " value and its for the 4hrs tf (thats what i had tested)for best results

so here is the list:

GA,NU,AJ,EN,EA,AU=CHANGE TO 13

AN,EURCAD,GJ,GBPCHF,CADJ=CHANGE TO 21

NJ,EU,GU,GN=CHANGE TO 18

EJ=CHANGE TO 8
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Thanks Eitan.

Regards

--- 帖子 #716 ---
what is MinRange for usd/jpy ?

--- 帖子 #717 ---
still working on it..

--- 帖子 #718 ---
hi eitan1010, so the list is for the 4hr tf and which mean if daily tf no need to change the "minrange " value ??

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Thanks Eitan, how far back are you testing to get the data because I am coming up with much different numbers.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
since 2006

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Thanks.

--- 帖子 #722 ---
share your numbers can you?

--- 帖子 #723 ---
so for some great false filter if any one want i will attach here my personal filteraize tool and tpl file,on my tpl after open it need to load the

sem indi and the PTZ indi and do not forget to set PTZ each pair as i recomended,for any Q about how filteraize combine with the sys and wich

and when to enter i am here to asist for now

best regards

Eitan. Attached File(s)   false filter.zip

10 KB
|
469 downloads

its look like that Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Hey orid,

do you mind to share your "history indicator" which is showing your trade history on the chart

I searched the whole internet for something like that but couldnt find anything.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Hi Eitan1010,

Here you go the compiled version of TMA indi...

According to PZ Trading, may I know the way to set the TP, SL and when to exit?

--- 帖子 #726 ---
thanks buddy i will check it out

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Many thanks BIG EITAN.

Any rules for your filter?

Can you explain e little bit.

BTW the Forex trendissimo on the bottom is always red (H4)

Regards

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Thank you from me too Eitan    it will be handy

cheers

--- 帖子 #729 ---
yes Eitan, a little explaination please....do all the bars have to be same color on the filter?  The bottom one seems to always be red.......do you enter on lower time frame?

--- 帖子 #730 ---
its an additional for the 4hrs tf only!ignore the bottom,trade long when first and second are blue and ofcourse our sem and PTZ point for up

and vers versia for short.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
welcome buddy.

--- 帖子 #732 ---
you can set the indi as i show on chart   below the 1440 value put 0  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Just went short on GJ.

Don't have an semafor 3 in the back, but therefor a double top and a PZ short breakout!

TP set at 150 Pips (first trouble area)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #734 ---
actually i wait for long pos opertoonity on it...GL buddy

and dont forget the PTZ indi setups i recomended and test them for the 4hrs TF only (take it intoo account!)

--- 帖子 #735 ---
so you mean by that not to trade it on the daily tf?

does it have better results on the H4?

--- 帖子 #736 ---
on the daily TF need diffrents setup i didnt check it cause i dont trade on that TFEitan.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
for those who want QUICK CASH here is the one hr tf values for the PTZ indi but must to combine it with ZZ SEM and the false filter indi

i will upload this specific tpl for the one hr tf(cause the filter indi is the same but differ values) just need to change values on PTZ for each pair

so here is the list:

GJ,NJ,EU=25

CADJ,GN,EJ,=18

AJ,AU,EA,ECAD,GCHF,GA,NU=27

AN=13

GU=30

EN=23
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and it need to look like the one below:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

trade well

Eitan.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Thank you Eitan - you are a Star! Do you happen to have settings for gold and usdjpy?  Also, are you using the 3rd bottom bars on the trendismo indicator or just ignoring, as per previous post?

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Eithan i was wondering what type of results are you having trading 1hr and 4hr?

--- 帖子 #740 ---
on this one i use all lines

--- 帖子 #741 ---
i missed this one..will try to catch it on the 4hrs tf later.. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #742 ---
its depend how we use it..

its triki Q..

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Lot of missed calls.. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Lets say you get a 3 then a signal to sell, do you close trade on next 3 signal?

On Both 1HR or 4hr

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Eitan would you short this GBP/JPY TRADE HERE?

TimeFrame 1HR

--- 帖子 #746 ---
i am not in front of my pc to tell..i chat via my cell

--- 帖子 #747 ---
What i notice is when signal is provided... And a 3 pops up on the same candle it usually is a bad trade... Since price seems to be exhausted.

Trying  to clear out the false signals... This method could be promising.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
leter i will help with my addtional support indicators when to trade

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Forexswag, the original idea is to take the trade 10 pips below / above the bottom / above of the signal candle ( when a 3 pops up) which would give you an earlier signal.

The PZ (which I have on my charts) provides a signal a little later, I am using PZ as confirmation of my entry. If after some bars of entering  trade I don't get the PZ signal, than I consider closing earlier and only taking a small loss.

Also, I am not sure that the PZ settings you are using on your chart are optimised for a 1hr chart, your entry signal seems very late, Eitan may wish to clarify or correct me on that one.

I hope what I said makes sense, Forexswag, and good luck with your trading.

Cheers

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #750 ---
I changed the settings back to default 5 since anything over range of 5 gives later signals...

Before i was using settings from eitan from his 1hr post. His 1hr post gives good signals but there much later. Higher win rate.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
there is reason behind it..GL

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Hello ForexSwang i see you have a mix of some system Sonic,Abonacci and Eitan can you please share your template and maybe the pictures of your indicators list if is not too much trouble .....thanks in advance

Regards

--- 帖子 #753 ---
I figured since the signals are producing way later i would use the trend= red.blue indi, and Min range of 5, plus the semafor number 3 before the signal.

Template Howa

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Thanks ForexSwag.

Appreciate.

Regards

--- 帖子 #755 ---
huge miss.. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Whats the settings for Forextrend for the 1hr and 4hr?

--- 帖子 #757 ---
ok guys if you realy want to trade more than 90% success trades you need to filter some false moves and to be in very confidental mode

with your trades and system,if you want to trade  the original setup of the PTZ indi its cool and also bring good resaults BUT! you must filter it

cause there are lot of false moves on the original value setup..i try to trade it as stand alone indi in my past with the original setup and i failed with it!!!

but if you have great other tools it can assist you to catch more sucsess trades and gain it with above the 87% win rate (i think its fine..)

so i dont want to confuse you guys,if anyone want my help to build his system like mine please post here and i will do

Regards

Eitan.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
one hour: Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4hrs: Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Hello eitan.

You  mean you have another system give you better result?  if yes please post on the thread.

Thanks in advance

Regards

--- 帖子 #760 ---
thanks eitan

with those settings you get much clearer signals.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
thats right

--- 帖子 #762 ---
just very small exmple.. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Eitan: In some of your setups you are taking trades without the 3ball. How do you decide which ones are the best? Also do you risk 5-10% on your trades and close at 1:1? You are doing a great job on this. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
as my "small" experience on this market is this one:

ok,on theory we should gain 1:1 RR or even more!,each trader have his own trading style and psychological level with emotyonal thoughts on mind!

its very hard to tell what are our target on each trade and we can never know!(if somebody tell you he know so this is not true!)

the real market stracture is 99.99999% BIG players game(bankers,fundantions,political) and they rulle it!all of the rest are the speculatores like me and you,ok

lets get the point here.. becouse all the stuff i wrote above i can tell you that i dont like to be very explosure to market condition very long if i open trade

and you can see it on my explorer,i mean there is no rulle for TP/SL..its all in our minds...in our heads,

i am personaly know where to put my SL as first i do but TP sometimes and most of it i cut it before my target!and after that i see the price is bring

(if i would stay on it..)even more + pips then i excepted..so there is no real answer to your Q you can always open higher TF chart and look for S/R area

to consider it,i hope it help you,

Regards

Eitan.

--- 帖子 #765 ---
short on CADJ
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #766 ---
i caught that same trade.. Lets hope we grab some pips.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Eitan, I can you upload your newest template?  Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Grab +10 pips on this trade.. quick scalp on 15min chart

Plus low volume,

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Grab +7 on NZD-USD 15M CHART

--- 帖子 #770 ---
if... Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #771 ---
ok guys ,this is my personally version and update for BOB's system i put here an zip file with all ind's that needed for it
also i put there two tpl files:,one hr tf and 4hrs tf (i usually trade the 4hrs )the rulles to enter to trade is very simple!the RR in theory is 1:1 and beyond!!but each trader
can use it as his own trading style (i prefer catch QUICK pips and not to be explosure too much to market crazynes..)
enjoy and trade wisely

Eitan. Attached File(s)   Eitan's version.zip

96 KB
|
576 downloads

--- 帖子 #772 ---
entry rulles:
short:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

long:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #773 ---
very easy very clear

--- 帖子 #774 ---
""Make everything as simple as possible but not simpler""The great fame Albert Einstein.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
sorry for delay Jeffray I have been away , here is that history indi

Regards Orid peter

Attached File(s)   iHistory v1.8.mq4

17 KB
|
347 downloads

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Hi bob , how are you ? ive sent a pm

regards orid peter

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Thanks alot

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Been watching this thread for a little while now, and it is interesting how things are developing.

ForexSwag, would you mind explaining your chart set up, and perhaps sharing any indicators, if possible.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
My chart setup is the same as

eitan1010

My indicator list is posted on 38

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Sorry, missed that.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Just to confirm you are applying these settings to your pairs in the new system and tpl's?  After they are set up.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
In on AJ now I have to back read and figure out when to exit lol.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
you have medIum support on 95.00 area and then on 94.40 area and strong support on 94.00 area

GL

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Thanks!

One of those indys is dragging my system.  Its not PZ I have used that for a long time and the history is set only at 100.  Cleared my logs and reduced max chart history to 1000.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
and now its beter?also how did you do it?can explaine?

--- 帖子 #786 ---
A little better but still lagging,  took forever to try to close my position.  Tried to close at 39 pips got 35.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
its beter than zero or worst i guess..

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Simple tips to reduce MT4 memory use

Jan 18, 2011

Most active traders usually have more than one MetaTrader 4 terminal open at the time for different reasons, either have multiple accounts, demo trading in several brokers, comparing strategies, etc.

But the limiting factor to how many Metatraders you can run on a computer is based on the CPU speed and available memory. This can be a big problem when running MetaTrader on a VPS where you have to pay more if you need more resources like memory, speed or space.

Here are a few simple configuration changes you can make to reduce MetaTrader’s memory footprint.The most important change is to open the option screen by pressing CTL + O, go to the Charts Tab and reduce the “Max bars in history” and “Max bars in chart” to 5000, this will limit how many bars are displayed on the chart and in the history making this installation unsuitable for back testing but it will use less memory on live or demo trading. Also disable every feature you do not use on the Email, Publisher and Events Tabs. Disable the News on the Server Tab. Close all charts that you are not using, each chart uses memory. Open Market Watch (CTL + M) > right click and Hide All, deleting all pairs that are not in use. Remove any Indicator you do not need. On expert Advisors if possible disable logging, the less you write to the Hard Drive, the faster your MetaTrader will run on a VPS. Restart your MetaTrader so the changes will take effect. Restart MetaTrader regularly to maintain memory usage low, MetaTrader keeps all the history data for the opened charts in RAM and only writes it to disk into the History folder when MetaTrader closes. You should also reboot you machine often and exit any programs that you are not using, on a VPS machine you could also disable many services that you do not need.

--- 帖子 #789 ---
thanks buddy

--- 帖子 #790 ---
can you share your PZ oscilator?,thanks in advance,Eitan.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Sure I can that one is free.  http://www.pointzero-trading.com/Products/PZOscillator

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Thanks FSwag for the tips!

--- 帖子 #793 ---
thanks budd

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Thanks for that, very useful.....

--- 帖子 #795 ---
I am on my home computer optimized mt4.  8 core chip and 16 gb of ram so the bottleneck is mt4 and an indy.  10 pair up and it is almost unusable.  Might try another terminal.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
hi jglewis10 , sorry for the trouble , i cant download for the PZ oscillator , can u please share u indicator here ? thx!

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Yes please I'm having the same problem. Thanks

--- 帖子 #798 ---
I got the PZ Osc here but it was weird how it downloaded directly into Metatrader:

http://www.mql5.com/en/market/product/1517

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Game of patience

Still hanging on to these two. The a/j does not look as good, but I am committed to see it through.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Eitan1010,

Thanks for all the work you are putting in to this.

As per Jhlewis10's question, could you confirm please that you are applying all the different minimum range settings (1h and 4h) to your charts in the new system?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Hello again Eitan1010, the forex trend settings shown on page 39 are different to those used in your templates.

Which ones are you now using please?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Hello,use with this tpl but set the PZ DAY TRADING indi as i had showed at that post http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...33#post7388933

--- 帖子 #803 ---
also take this indi to strenght our entries  Attached File(s)   TDI_mtf+alerts b600+.mq4

20 KB
|
335 downloads

,i put it and its an mtf indi so i put one for 4hrs and one for daily as mtf

and many thanks to Xaphod for this great indi addition for the new mt update!

--- 帖子 #804 ---
its look like this below Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and i am long on this one.. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #805 ---
hi, can somebody help me please, my mt4 has been updated and now i cannot install indicators,

thks

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Frani60

hi   try this   ( I am no expert )    go to computer    go to    program Files ( 86 )       find your Broker and double click on it

find the   MQL4  Tag  and double  click on it   find the indicator tag    double click on it  and place your indicators in there

and Bingo you should have them

regards from Oz,

I

--- 帖子 #807 ---
You need to copy your .ex4 file into the MT4's Data Folder. To do so:

1. Open your MT4 and click the File menu>Open Data Folder>MQL4>Indicators.

2. Copy your .ex4 and paste it into the above folder.

3. Restart MT4 and go to Custom Indicators in the Navigator window. You'll find your indi there.

Hope this helps.

Tariq

--- 帖子 #808 ---
thanks so much for your help, now it works, i searched so much in the net but found nothing, i only read that the grey indicator does not work more, but this is also wrong

thanks also everybody here for the great work

good luck all and many pips

frani

--- 帖子 #809 ---
can someone let me know how to get the ball_dashboard indi working? it isnt loading anything in regards to the signals..... just a empty currency grid

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Closed A/J with a gain of 95 pips, was not moving s well as I hoped, so closed it before the week end and TP or SL.

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Hey Eitan have you noticed that the false filter seems to sniff out ranging market...

I've been testing some ways to implement it with 5M time frame.... For quick scalping... BETA Testing!!!!

--- 帖子 #812 ---
First of all a big thanks to bobhowson for sharing his system and all the members on this thread for their hard work to help others.

I have a few suggestions for addressing the repainting issue of the 3 level zz semafor indicator as follows:Trade only a level 3 signal and verify it on the next higher time frame. Take the trade only if at least a level 2 signal has appeared simultaneously on the higher time frame, otherwise disregard it. Use only a STOP order and avoid LIMIT order. This way, if the indicator repaints, the order will likely remain unfilled and can be deleted or adjusted accordingly. On the other hand, if the STOP order fills, it is more likely that it will do so in the direction of the trade and the indicator will not repaint. Thanks again.

Tariq

--- 帖子 #813 ---
I looked at the start of this thread and looked at the final page. This bares no resemblance to the the original post. With all respect eitan do you think you can add anymore indicators  on your graph I am sure there is a space somewhere!!!

--- 帖子 #814 ---
here you go just for your eyes,BTW, i like clownes please bring more jokes

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #815 ---
do not trust only on the semaphor cause its repaint like VAN GOCH..

GL

Eitan.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Thanks for your post. Would you like to share your solution to the problem of repainting?

--- 帖子 #817 ---
First thanks for this thread, you guys help me a lot with my traiding knowlege

does semafor indicator repain?

Have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #818 ---
are u realy ask it??...

--- 帖子 #819 ---
yes, just removed it as i saw its bad one..

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Do you mean to remove the semafor indicator from trading?

--- 帖子 #821 ---
well..i did it, thats the reason for no post here anymore..

GL and have best weekend.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
From your point,these three charts are good signal to trade right~

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Ok now I get it.

May I ask on what time frames did you try bobhowson's strategy? I'd appreciate that info because I'm trying it on H4 and D1 (the latter with a slight modification) and getting great results so far.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
it won't work for the long run!!!,..i tried it on 4hrs + daily! with some filters and i figure out that i dont need the semaphore indi..its useless for my trading style

(thats just me) there is lot of traders here that use it, for me its no need..

GL

Eitan.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Thanks Eitan and good luck to you too.

Tariq

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Hi Tai

G/J looks like a good entry, I have taken that one.

In my opinion G/U does not look like a high probability trade.

I don't trade Silver.

Happy trading.

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Hi Taru

As  you know, the semaphore indicator repaints, there is no way around that. However, that does not mean that it can't help us in making decisions for our trading.

Some things to consider when you get a 3ball semaphore signal are: Trend, supply demand areas, psych areas etc.

Here are Bob's rule from his first post

Happy trading

Ezzy

1) 3 Level ZZ Semafor Indicator... That's It !THE RULES FOR UP TREND1) Only Trade The Daily Charts2) Ensure You Have A Nice Trend3) ALL TRADES ARE MARKET ORDERS4) Place Your STOP LOSS UNDER The GREEN DOT After It Closes5) Place Your BUY STOP ORDER10 Pips Or So Above The GREEN DOT6) Keep Moving Your Stop UP Every 50 or So Pips7) Close The Trade When A PINK or RED DOT Appears.That's It !

--- 帖子 #828 ---
This's my way about this system.

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Hi Ezzy

Thanks for the pointers. Really appreciated.

Tariq

--- 帖子 #830 ---
USD/JPY was closed early

USD/CHF trade reached my target
usdchfdaily.png

GBP/JPY currently in minus, but patience is important with this type of trading.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
What is 3 ZZ samafor indicator? please explain.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
I would advise staying away from 3ZZ repaints like MSpaint...

Follow Eitan Trading method...

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Yes Forexswag, indicators that repaint are not for everyone, I would not follow signals blindly from any indicator, repaint or not. Thats why the rules by Bob on the first post are important. Perhaps another system might suit you better. I believe that a system that works for one person may not suit all. For example, this system is giving me the best results since I have started trading, many years ago. As they say, horses for course.

Happy trading

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #834 ---
I agree. I have realized that repainting is actually beneficial as the indicator's logic reacts to changing price action. By doing so, it warns that the current trend is continuing and the reversal point is yet to come. This is crucial information.

I've been thinking that maybe it'll be better to wait for the candle immediately following the one with the semafor to close and enter a trade only after seeing that the signal didn't repaint. Hopefully this will filter out false signals.

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Since yesterday, I have placed 12 trades after waiting for candles immediately following the ones with the semafor to close and not a single one has repainted. Currently I have 23 open trades on H4 with +933 pips of floating P/L. Lets see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Wait for your good news bro.I got profit by this system in two days.Almost 85%,amanzing!

--- 帖子 #837 ---
What system is this tai9127 and where did you find it?

--- 帖子 #838 ---
I use the system that you're watching~semafor

160% get.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Many people have been asking me if I'm still using the original system.

I must say I have opted to buy Cythis's Colour Ribbon System this week and combined it with the Semafor indicator

For eg:

1) In and uptrend trade from the BOTTOM of the Trend Channel

2) If there is a LARGE DOT at the bottom which means a BUY Trade is about to happen WAIT for Cythis's System to give the BUY ALERT

3) Then Enter into the trade.

4) DO NOT TRADE if there is a WHITE CROSS wait for this to disappear.

Inserted Video

This combined system has been giving great results so far....

--- 帖子 #840 ---
wait for your update~

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Hi Bob

I hope you don't mind me posting trades from your original rules. I think the original system has a lot of merit.

GBP/JPY update - crossroads time, trend line now could be rejecting price. I will stick to my guns due to the resistance level at the 173.55 level, and play it out.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Hi Bob

Good to see you back here, I haven't seen Cythis's Colour Ribbon System before, but I'd would be very interested to see how things work out with it.

I liked the original system very much but have been looking for something to use as confirmation for the trades, maybe you have the answer

Martin

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Hi Ezzy,

I must quote the ole saying... "When your on a good thing stick with it".....lol !

I'm glad the system is doing it's job for yourself and all our friends and feel free to post anything you like that cool with me.

Anyway must start my Saturday job some painting to do on my caravan.

Catch ya soon,

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Hi Martin,

Yeah it's great to be back I lost my mum a month ago and that slowed everything down along with the moving house and stuff.

I have used the Stochastic indicator for confirmation in the past....

Anyway have a great weekend...

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Hey bobhowoson sorry to hear about your mom....  I was wondering how does cythis system work against range bound market in 15M time frame?

--- 帖子 #846 ---
GL buddy with your new SYS look nice,bring your feedback on it after you will test it for 3 month,sorry about your mum ,be strong.best Regards,Eitan.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Dear bobhowson,

Please accept my condolences on the loss of your mother. May she rest in peace.

Coming to the original system as posted by you, I found the zz semafor indicator very useful to pick reversals on the 4 hourly charts. During the first full week of trading with it (27 April - 3 May), I netted 392 pips risking 1% per trade and a 60 pips fixed stop loss.

However, I was plagued by the repainting issue with many trades hitting S/L. I therefore decided to experiment with a few "filters". The first was to consider only a level 3 signal. Next was to validate it by looking for a minimum level 2 signal forming simultaneously on the next higher time frame (the daily in my case). Finally, I decided to place pending orders in the expected direction of the price action, in other words, STOP orders.

With the above adjustments in place, my second week with the system (that just concluded last night) produced 1,134 pips with +1,747 pips of floating or unrealized P/L. Of course it is too soon to know if this ain't a fluke but I must say I just love the way this indicator works. As a matter of fact, the repaints have actually saved me from entering into bad trades or prematurely pulling the plug on profitable ones.

Thanks again.

Tariq

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Hi Bob

I'm sorry to hear about your Mother

best wishes

Martin

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Hi I only bought the system last Thursday and still getting used to it. I only trade in the 4H & Daily time frames so I'm not sure how it would go. There are heaps of video's on Youtube explaining the system though... Cheers !

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Hi taru,

Can you explain your rules by posting screenshot just to help the traders in understanding more of Bob's system.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Hi Bob,

My condolences to your family.

Anyways with Cynthia's system, were you able to make some productive profits?

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Can you help me to add a warning, including email.

Hope to be able to sound an alarm in 3 and 2.

Thank you very much!

--- 帖子 #853 ---
I forgot to mention that I now wait for the candle AFTER the one with semafor to close before deciding to place the trade. I place a STOP order only if after the follow-on candle has closed and the semafor has not repainted.

I use the higher high or lower low (for BUY or SELL respectively) between the two candles to place the trade and risk 1% with a fixed 60 pips S/L. See the attached image. Hope it makes it clear.

Attachment

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Nice Trade!!!!

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Thanks ForexSwag.

Below I am posting H4 and daily charts to illustrate a SELL trade on the GBPAUD that is currently 184 pips in profit. I've also explained why I haven't exited despite the appearance of a reverse level 3 signal on the H4. Hope this helps.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #856 ---
I'm holding a short on the Cable that has produced 121 pips. This is despite the fact that the GBPUSD has been in a sustained up trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Next I want to discuss the exit.

I don't have a TP in mind and let the market decide. Therefore, if a trade survives long enough to be profitable, a time comes when a valid reversal appears. I simply place a new STOP order in the reverse direction and move the SL of the open trade to the same level. The following chart may help. Please note that you may not be able to see the SL of the SELL trade as it is "buried" under the pending BUY STOP order but its very much there.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Nice to see this thread coming back to life ( with the original  good system)   keep it up guys and good luck

Orid Peter

. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #859 ---
I agree Peter and good to see you back.

Nice work there taru.

Looking at your last chart, you could have exited the trade after the initial drop where the no 2 signal is and re-entered again at the top.

Martin

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Thanks Martin for the kind compliment.

You are absolutely right about the additional two trading opportunities and there is no doubt both would have generated nice profits. But to be considered actionable, my entry rule called for a level 3 signal on the H4 and a simultaneous level 2 or level 3 signal on the daily. Since this was clearly not the case, I decided to remain with the original trade.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Yeah so far for the first week I made around 100 pips, but I did combine it with the Semafor system.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Here is another long position I'm currently holding on the AUDNZD that has produced 191 pips. When I placed the pending order, I was still using the high or low of the candle with the semafor. Also note that the semafor actually appeared two candles before the one where it actually is seen in the image. It repainted twice to reach it's final position. Accordingly, I moved the pending order twice and would have done it a third time had I not been late to review the charts. By the time I got to it, the order had triggered. I just decided to let it play out.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Hey acey2424.

Hope the charts I've posted are helping. Let me know if there is anything else you need me to explain.

Tariq

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Hi Taru, nice charts but the problem is the (hard) repainting issue.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Hi taru,

thank you so much for the charts that you posted. It was very clear and it really helped me in understanding how to maximize the potential of the semafor indicator though it repaints. One question though, I hope you dont mind, have you tried your strategy in a lower timeframe, let's say 15 mins.

thanks and have a nice day

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Hey bob,

nice result. I am planning to purchase the color coded system from cynthia but i want to have some feedback on how it perform in live trading. You know that systems are really good in screenshots especially if it is a marketing video or screenshot. Please do keep me posted if it is a worthy buy.

thanks bob

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Thanks bodypip.

Initially, I too thought the repainting to be a big pain. However, on closer scrutiny, I now believe it to be more a blessing than a curse. By repainting, it just reacts to changing price action and is actually beneficial because it keeps on refining the entry level. If used correctly, a semafor signal is very powerful and one doesn't need anything else to pick out great entries. Of course you'd still need rock solid discipline, money management, patience, a trader's mindset and realistic expectations but most of these you'd need with anything in life to succeed, let alone trading.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Sorry to disappoint you but no I haven't tried it on 15 minutes TF. In fact I have used it only on 4 hourly (with validation on daily) and daily (with validation on weekly) charts.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
I your idea of using the 4H time frame and comparing it with the Daily I might give that a try with the system myself.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Glad you like the idea. May it bring you many pips!!!

--- 帖子 #871 ---
To all those who are afraid of the repainting zz semafor, let me suggest the following approach:Lets say you've just spotted a level 3 semafor on the current candle. Should you immediately trade it? NO. It just means that a significant reversal is around the corner but this by itself may or may not be it. We need more information to be sure. Now wait for the current candle to close and then wait again for the next one to close as well. Now look again at these two candles. Did the semafor jump (aka. repaint) from the first candle to the next one? If yes, just go back to step 1. If no, the chances are that the semafor has "set" and not likely to move again. The time has come to place your trade.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Another thing that I've observed is a higher probability reversal setup where a follow-on candle breaks the high or low of the preceding semafor candle. This means that a follow-on candle has a higher high than the semafor candle in a BUY setup, or a lower low than the semafor candle in a SELL setup. This may suit a trader with a conservative approach who'd like to trade only high probability setups. I've attached a chart to pinpoint three such setups. Hope this is helpful.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #873 ---
I was wondering with that cindy system, how do you enter a trade when a x always appears on the next candle do you wait for the candle to close complete then take the trade...

Because the X keeps popping up... Because of the trend channel.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Oops..I forget that there's a way call : Buy/Sell stop ..

All I use is when signal 3 appear,trade a small lot,

if go down,do the martingale every 30 pips ...

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Nice to have you back Peter.

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Hi Bob

So sorry to hear about your mum. Glad that you are back

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #877 ---
With the Cythia System you don't trade till you get a candle WITHOUT the white cross....

I'm beginning to think my original system is still much better, because it gets you into the trade sooner especially when used with the 4H & Daily confirmation.

I like that idea, because it's keeping it simple...

--- 帖子 #878 ---
The WHITE CROSSES indicate the trend is FLAT... DO NOT TRADE !

I don't trade the 15m time frame...

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Thanks Bob!!!

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Looks like EJ is in play....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #881 ---
I'm currently in at 140.44.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #882 ---
I got in about the same place as you taru, although Eur/Jpy isn't my favorite pair as it can be very choppy.

fingers crossed though

Martin

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Set TP/SL and go to sleep,

what a easy way about trading~

Tai

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Whats your potential exit on the H4 Chart.... Using the Semafor

--- 帖子 #885 ---
I don't know which TF you are trading but it looks good on H4 and validated by a level 3 signal on the daily. The rest is up to the market. It could go up into profit or it could go down and hit my SL. I'm OK with it either way. No use fretting over it or even watching it.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
I don't have a TP and rely on a reverse semafor signal to appear. That could be anywhere. I'll just have to wait for it.

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Hey acey2424. Hope the charts I've posted are helping. Let me know if there is anything else you need me to explain. Tariq[/quote]

Great explanation Taru thanks.

By checking to see if the semaphor is on the daily chart, aren't you in fact just trading the Daily TF ?

Do you get the situation where semaphor appears on both 4hr and daily, so you place the trade and then the daily semaphor disappears at the start of the next candle ?

Does this invalidate your trade ? An early exit perhaps ?

cheers Stan

--- 帖子 #888 ---
That's a good attitude to have

--- 帖子 #889 ---
I combined it with trendlines and wait for the break and and rsi 20 crossing @ 50 level to enter and it is working a treat, Thanks for the idea  Making some MAJOR pips.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Great explanation Taru thanks. By checking to see if the semaphor is on the daily chart, aren't you in fact just trading the Daily TF ? Do you get the situation where semaphor appears on both 4hr and daily, so you place the trade and then the daily semaphor disappears at the start of the next candle ? Does this invalidate your trade ? An early exit perhaps ? cheers Stan[/quote]

You are welcome Stan.

Now about your questions.

By checking to see if the semaphor is on the daily chart, aren't you in fact just trading the Daily TF ?

Yes and no. Yes because a higher time frame contributes to the decision whether to trade or not. No because the actual entry is determined by the lower time frame and may be contained anywhere within the range of the higher time frame candle.

Do you get the situation where semaphor appears on both 4hr and daily, so you place the trade and then the daily semaphor disappears at the start of the next candle ?

By virtue of its logic, once it appears a zz semafor can repaint but never disappear.

Does this invalidate your trade ? An early exit perhaps ?

Nope. As I explained above, a semafor cannot disappear.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
A sell opportunity on the GBPCHF has appeared. I've placed a pending STOP order.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Waiting for the current candle to complete for a potential sell on the EURCHF. If the semafor stays put, I'll enter with a SELL STOP.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #893 ---
You are welcome Stan. Now about your questions. By checking to see if the semaphor is on the daily chart, aren't you in fact just trading the Daily TF ? Yes and no. Yes because a higher time frame contributes to the decision whether to trade or not. No because the actual entry is determined by the lower time frame and may be contained anywhere within the range of the higher time frame candle. Do you get the situation where semaphor appears on both 4hr and daily, so you place the trade and then the daily semaphor disappears at the start of the next candle ? By virtue of its logic, once it appears a zz semafor can repaint but never disappear. Does this invalidate your trade ? An early exit perhaps ? Nope. As I explained above, a semafor cannot disappear.[/quote]

Thanks for the answers, this makes your approach much clearer.

cheers

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Hi Turu...great charts...read through this whole thread yesterday and loving this system. Are you still having good success with it?

With regards to the eurchf. What time does your 4 hour candle close?

Also  I'm using the indicator from page 1. Is this what you are using. I notice in the top left of my chart (with just the template on), lots of info. which doesn't seem to relate to the current price etc. Any Ideas?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #895 ---
The candle has completed and the semafor hasn't budged. The daily TF also agrees. Everything looks OK. So here goes the SELL STOP order. The rest is now up to the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #896 ---
It's interesting to see that Cythia's Ribbon System has not triggered a BUY on the EURJPY as yet. I'm already in profit for 25+ pip already...

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Is that on the daily time frame Paul?

--- 帖子 #898 ---
I can't control or even influence the market. Furthermore, I trade the H4 that means no trading decision is required till the current candle completes (usually many hours away). Running away temporarily is the only way to save myself the emotional and psychological roller coaster of the market.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Pips~~Pips~~

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Well done tai

great results there

Martin

--- 帖子 #901 ---
The SELL STOP order on the EURCHF that I placed last night has finally triggered. What'll it bring? A 1% loss if it hits the SL or some undetermined profit when a reverse semafor will signal the end of the run. We'll see.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Great going tai9127. May I ask how much are you risking on every trade?

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Thanks Taru and Martin, got 234.2% now~from 5/5 till now.

It's bad habit that I haven't care about risk...

Is there any indi to know how risk a day?

I just take the trade, set TP/SL, go bed .....

--- 帖子 #904 ---
BTW, anyone use mobile chat program?

I think it's better we can chat through it.

I have LINE account~

--- 帖子 #905 ---
loving the updates guys...i'm in on the eur/jpy trade as well. i notice a 2 forming on the 4hr candle...is this exit or hang on to see what the day chart brings? i have set stop loss to break even so risk free trade at mo.

tai9127 ..i see you have a pending long gbp/usd but cant see why on my chart...can i ask why you have done this please? :-)

--- 帖子 #906 ---
High Risk With Big Lots.....

--- 帖子 #907 ---
hey tai what timeframe are you using? same as taru? 4hours?

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Hi Acey

I have been using this system for a few months now and I think 4 hrs is the shortest time frame you should use. The semafor indicator just repaints too much on anything less.

If you are used to using shorter time frames is can be hard getting used to the 4 hour, but you will find it more profitable in the end.

Martin

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Wow! Bobhowson Thanks for sharing your system.Eitan -Filter master thanks for the great job. Taru you are good teacher! I kinda like those beatiful screen shots with detailed explanation. Your approach to this system is awesome,clean and clear . keep it up! you have given me the confidence to trade again as I have consistently gained some reasonable pips without loss!

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Taru. Has your EURchf trade opened?

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Hi saytin....happy to know you are in profit. If you were asking me then I'll consider only a level 3 semafor backed by a level 2 or level 3 on the daily TF to move the SL.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Hello

i suggest you to use this indicator with nomask's daily pivot points indicator

you can find thred here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=65546 so it works nice with 1 hour time frame ''  Good job '' i love this indicator makes more useful my indicator.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Few pips already down , nice signal isnt it ?

--- 帖子 #914 ---
do u have the ex4 version of this indicator?

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Vigoski~

Thanks for providing this indi,

we can confirmed the right signal from this!

So exciting to go home for this indi.

Tai.

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Your welcome , GBP/JPY and H1 best for this & you can check price pivot method
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=298439 i think this method would helpful for catch signals faster with lower risk.

Hi acey 2424

i dont have ex4 version sory.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
BTW,

Pips!!!!Pips!!!!!

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Good job, tai (: i think thats going to hit 171.9933 .. GBP/JPY i still in

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Thanks renyl. Great to know you are finding this thread useful. All thanks first to Bob and then others who are contributing.

I hope you won't mind if I suggest something I have found to be equally important to having an effective edge. Just don't watch the market when you do not intend to do anything to the orders. Log in only when a candle completes, place new orders and adjust your existing trades according to your rules and get out. I'm sure this will bring you even more pips. Good luck!

--- 帖子 #920 ---
It sure did and I posted an update at http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...91#post7464491

--- 帖子 #921 ---
USD/JPY 1H - nice opportunity for short ?

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Very good advice taru

--- 帖子 #923 ---
The Euro is in a bit of a free fall due to the negative sentiment generated by the ZEW releases almost two hours ago.

This is a fact of life for a forex trader and occurs quite often. What should one do now? I don't know about anyone else but I'm going to DO NOTHING. What if a few of my trades hit SL? Thats just 1% loss per trade. I know my edge works and I'll recover all of that later in just one good trade. Like a pilot needs to believe what his instruments are telling him while flying in bad weather at night, a trader needs to believe his system when the market turns against him/her.

As for the EURJPY trade some of us made. I'm currently down 22 pips. From here, it'll either go down a further 38 pips and hit the SL or rebound, go into profit and give me the opportunity to exit in line with system rules. Either way, I am alright with it. If this trade doesn't end in profit, so what? There'll be others that would.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Thanks Ezzy. Means a lot coming from someone like you.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
nice when they go like this , but alas im still about even over last2 months,

Regards Orid Peter
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #926 ---
always take your profit when you have the chanse b4 S/R area and moves on!,just my 2 cent..GL all.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
thanks much. yup i tried trading the lower time frame in my live nano account and the semafor really repaints heavily and it really didn't gave me any profitable trade. I am trying now to trade at 4 hours timeframe in my live nano account to see how it goes. I think its better to trade live than demo, risking cents to have a real feel of what trading really is.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Your defiantly right with this.

Trading a demo just isn't the same

--- 帖子 #929 ---
any tips on how to make this system profitable in live account?

--- 帖子 #930 ---
follow bob's  system

set stop when singal 3 appear

Or ....

this is my way

set stop when "second" 2 signal appear~

--- 帖子 #931 ---
okies...thanks muchie....will try that

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Got in late on NZDUSD....but better late than never....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Well done , game over  USD/JPY 1H opened short 102.31 180 pips move.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
This ZZ Semafor Wont repaint By itself?

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Next candle i will open short , nice opportunity. AUD/JPY 1H

--- 帖子 #936 ---
After strong move short , nice opportunity for long , lets see what it does GBP / JPY 1H

--- 帖子 #937 ---
what do you do with the heavy repainting issue?

--- 帖子 #938 ---
This's my way~

--- 帖子 #939 ---
AUD/JPY Second bar closed low btw

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=298439 against repainting.

--- 帖子 #940 ---
SAME AS USD/JPY!

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Dear tai i use pivot daily indicator which looks different for 1H that one more clear.

GBP / JPY some small profit , game over.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Finally i decide to in, shorts. AUD / JPY 1H Target green pivot. Let's see today got a nice day, last trade

Good night

--- 帖子 #943 ---
A potential SELL setup is developing on NZDCHF. Please see the chart for my thoughts on it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Nice work taru, ty.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Same to you Vigovski with your H1 strategy.

Now here is another SELL opportunity on CADCHF I'm watching.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Watching too.  Here we go 1 more

--- 帖子 #947 ---
the major trend is down!!!dont fight it..(price below the 4hr 200EMA and below 21EMA daily)

GL

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Closed , breakeven

Thanks for advice

Good night.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Morning Traders~

It's 13:30 noon in Taiwan.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Dear Eitan.I found it's useful when combine your and this system~

--- 帖子 #951 ---
all my winning trades were mostly based from eitan's strategy...better than the one I purchased from the other thread.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
What is eitan's strategy???Please advise...Thank you...

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Good morning, aud/ jpy suprised me but anyway i will stick to the system.

opened SHORT aud/usd for 1 or 2 hours. TP will be 70 pips

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Hello ! i had design an EA for this system.But seem not good strategy when a long time backtest.I share it here and hope somebody give me more ideas.Thanks !

Attached File(s)   3ZZ.ex4

23 KB
|
266 downloads

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Closed short after hit my tp. Now i can't decide to in or not what do u think ?

Sincerely

Roman

--- 帖子 #956 ---
option1: Don't do anything till touch 0.94147

option2: keep sell~

--- 帖子 #957 ---
you did wisely!i took the short profit and will moves on

--- 帖子 #958 ---
hi acey...could you explain the etian system..........i went thro "etians project" thread.....there are so many indicators...a bit confusing to follow........cheers

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Hi Vigovski

Am I missing something here?

I can't see how that  Aud/Usd trade hit your target of 70 pips, it looks lore like 7 to me

--- 帖子 #960 ---
you are right , i give pips with my crosshair so need to 70/10

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Daily GBP/JPY update

Trade opened 5/5/14, risky trade when you consider the trendlines, however strong resistance showing at the 173.55 level. Sticking to it, and price finally breaking through trendline. Hoping for a big drop. Time will tell.

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Just few months started with real acc. Tryng to keep my strategies simple. So im newbie here thats nice to see some orientation from oldies.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
End for today.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Hi shinewel,

you can check the mri method. the mri method is better than the hg system. I think it is in page 47.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
is this a live account?

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Still learning through DEMO account.If I can get 2%~5% a day for a month, i'll do live account~Sorry for my bad English...Student.....

--- 帖子 #967 ---
anybody here has tried this system for xauusd?

gold is like an atm machine.

--- 帖子 #968 ---
What timeframe for it?

--- 帖子 #969 ---
1 hour

--- 帖子 #970 ---
The Trend line is very important for this system... Detailed pic.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
acey are you refering to the mri system?

--- 帖子 #972 ---
I believe shes talking about this system...

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Hey guys,

just set up a demo acc. for this system - gonna give it a go and see how it works out.

Is anyone else looking at the EUR/GBP daily?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Hi ZARich. Welcome to this thread. I'm in at 0.8157 on the H4.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Hey taru, are you still using fixed 60 pips SL for all pairs?

what about TP?

I think your method to trade this system is really easy to follow and understand....

--- 帖子 #976 ---
My short on the GBPAUD is now 300 pips in profit and an exit signal has appeared. I have moved the SL and also placed a long at the same level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Thanks lucariga.

Your questions and my answers....

Are you still using fixed 60 pips SL for all pairs?

Yes. I use 60 pips for H4 and 100 pips for daily TF.

What about TP?

I do not use TP and wait for a reverse signal to exit. I have just done so on a short position I have on GBPAUD that I have mentioned in the above post. I am also attaching the same chart with explanation of my exit strategy. Hope it helps.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Hi taru

again really good job nice to see your trades.. they are so helpful PERFECT !

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Hello

Could you share your trend template and indicators ?

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Thanks again Vigovski.

Here is another example to illustrate my exit strategy, this time a short on the cable.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Many thanks and crystal clear.

when a 3 dot appares on 4h TF you enter only if there is also a 2 or 3 dot in the Daily right?

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Eur/jpy Setup....

--- 帖子 #983 ---
great job indeed!,but be aware that sometimes even daily/4hrs entry that you use is made false moves..(even you wait and enter after it takes last L/H price)you

must consider good filter to avoid it cause in "real life"..its very painfull to take the lost with the daily SL..

anyway i wish you GL with your trades and suggese you to test it at least quarter year to take your concluusions on it,

just my 2 centavos..

Eitan.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Exactly. By the way I have setup the exit on the cable. Look at the latest chart below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #985 ---
be carefull with it its still have more room for down..consider that its broke the 139.90 and now it will act as R area and the next S area is

at 138.80 ish if it will break again the 139.90/140.00 area and close above maybee it will good signal for go long Attached Image (click to enlarge)

take care

Eitan.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Thanks Eitan.

You are absolutely right about watching out for false moves and I will appreciate any suggestions to help avoid them.

For the moment, I believe I need to take every signal that this system generates, limit the losses to 1% and let the profitable trades run as long as possible. I hope, by doing so, the profits will outstrip the losses and let the capital grow.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
i wish you GOOD LUCK from my heart!

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Thanks again. I'll be looking for ways to improve filtering out the bad trades. Please do not hesitate to make suggestions.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Here are a couple of MTF indicators to show the daily candle and daily semafor on a 4 hr chart, so you don't have to switch back and forth between timeframes. You need both semafor indi's in your indicator folder for the MTF one to work. Also, I have the mq4 files, but they won't work after compiling on Build 645. I had to compile them on an older mt4 version, then the ex4 files will work in Build 645. (the mtf semafor didn't work at all at first... several lines were commented out in error, which I fixed).

Load up the mtf semafor first, then the regular one (so that the smaller semafors will be visible on top of the larger ones). If you want the mtf daily candles, load that up before the semafors.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Yeah i made sure to put a tight stop on this trade.

I have on my chart next support 138.821

RWL

I decided to take the trade because it's bouncing off the channel...

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Taru I have a question.  On your GBAU chart didn't the semaphore give a yellow 3 signal on 2014.05.09 12:00 or there about?  How did you avoid going long there?

Again on the GU a 3 signal on 05.13 16:00 which would be about 5 candles back on your chart.

Bob

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Hi tehO, forexswag is correct, I am talking about this system For MRI, it is not included in the pairs that are tested. Better stick with the the known pairs for MRI as it has already been backtested. however for this system (market order), i think everyone here is testing the system so I was putting up a suggestion of trying this system in gold and silver pairs.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Hi Celticheart,

Thanks for the indicators....Most interesting.

Regards,

Ronald

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Bad for this day~all touch SL.

Never mind and cheer up ~

--- 帖子 #995 ---
MTF sem dont work (isnt shoup on chart)

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Howdy Eitan,

Ronald here mate...I have not posted in your forum for several weeks but continue to watch and test your great work....Please tell me when do you sleep mate..

The MTF Sem appear to be working on my charts but I am not a software expert like yourself..

Have a great day.

Regards,

Ronald

--- 帖子 #997 ---
yes work ,my mistake and thanks to Mr.C for sharing i will test it soonly

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Hi Eitan,

Looking forward to your tests....I do not hold high hopes as I have never been able to get the the Sem to work because of the REPAINTING but in saying this I continue to look for the "Holy Grail" like many other folks before me.....My excuse is that I am almost 75 years of age.

I CONGRATULATE the folks who are trying to make this work and I must say after many long hours that their may be a glimmer of hope but if it was easy we all would be driving Bentleys .For there to winners there must be loosers...Time for a nice glass of Red Wine.

Young Ronald

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Thanks! I'm in at 0,8150 on the daily.

Lets see how it plays out..

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
its very hard indeed..lot of years by resarch and developing with math and stat table..lot of hours ,days month and years with PC monitoring..

lot of days without sleeping..but that just me..the HG is inside us we just need to function our greed..and great sys that i work

hard to developeted (and still on..)its never easy..

save a toast for me to(with your wine.)

Cheers buddy.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
EJ diving down,hope u didnt take that trade..

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Yeah i got stopped out... But it was a small loss.. Nothing major...

Learning Lesson..

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Hi Bob.

As I have explained before, I trade only those level 3 signals on the 4 hourly time frame that are backed by level 2 or better signals on the next higher TF, that is the daily. In both your instances, the level 3 semafor signals did appear on the H4 (as stated by you) but the respective daily charts remained silent. So I just ignored them. I have attached the H4 and daily charts of both the GBPAUD and the GBPUSD of the time you mentioned and they show the semafor signals as they appeared then. Please take a look. Hope this will clear it up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Sorry Tura, I did read that but then forgot.  Thanks for the reply.

Bob

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
You are welcome.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Looks like a setup happening on EU/US on the 4Hr - its also showing confirmation on the daily.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Hi Taru,

Great charts and some great trades there. Have you had any losers using the semafor system? If so could you see what went wrong? Wrong entry /exit or wrong signal etc. I think this would help us all learn how best to implement this system.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Absolutely right. I'm watching it too and waiting for the current candle to close in a couple of minutes.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
OK the candle closed. Now I'll come in another 4 hours just after the new candle closes and see again. If the semafor hasn't moved anywhere, I'll be going long.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Here's a 3 level indicator that might help when looking at more than one time frame:

http://www.mql5.com/en/code/10697

Attached File(s)   Zigzag2.ex4

15 KB
|
296 downloads
Attached File(s)   Zigzag2.mq4

7 KB
|
316 downloads
Attached File(s)   ATeam-3ZigzagLevel.ex4

15 KB
|
311 downloads
Attached File(s)   ATeam-3ZigzagLevel.mq4

7 KB
|
359 downloads

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
End for today..

From lose 214 till now...

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Great! I'm with you... lets wait and see.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Just thought they might be of some use for people trying the 4 hr method with daily confirmation. I did not create the indicators, just got them to work with Build 645.

oh, and incidentally, it's "Ms. C"

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
You took the words out of my mouth.

Of course I have had winning trades and losing trades. Though the winners have been huge and losses small, the latter are not letting the account balance take off due to their sheer number.

Clearly something is missing that'll improve the odds of increasing the win ratio and after reading a few posts by Eitan, Ezzy and ForexSwag not to mention Bob's first post, I'm now thinking of a modification to my rules that will take into account the two modes of the market (trending or ranging) and take trades either with the trend or from extremes of a range.

I'll keep you posted when I find something interesting.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
I've made my trade explorer completely public. This TE is associated with a GP demo that I am using to formulate a strategy on the 3 level zz semafor and will use it until it blows (thats what demos are for anyway) and I'll have to make a new one.

Anyway feel free to have a look at the trades and stats.

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
ohhh ok !

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Hi

I once experimented with this indicator, but did not find success with it as it repaints.....when you go back it looks near perfect but that is because it works on zigzag system and new yellow dot appears on candle high or low.....

I would suggest adding many more filters

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Here's a better version of the semafor less stress on CPU usage....

This also comes with a trend line.

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Hi Feefee, What TF were you using this on? I think the longer time-frames work better.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
I used it on H1

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Hi Taru, you still looking at eur/usd then? I'm going to watch the 1hr for a better entry i think.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Yes and the semafor has not moved. Everything looks good so I am about to place a BUY STOP at the high of the last completed candle at 1.37326.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Hey taru, if I don't make a mistake, yesterday your account was +16% and today is -48%.

with my MM rules I risk just 2% of my account for every trade.

what MM rules are you using to have a 60% drawdown in just 1 day?

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
I risk 1% on every trade. Just goes to show the many ways numbers can be presented. What you may be seeing is the equity that is negative as many profitable trades closed and many stop losses hit. Actually the account doesn't look that bad if you switch to balance.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Was going to go in at 1.3735 but then i seen that Yellen speaks in 2 hrs. will review possible trade in the morning.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
I have carried out a preliminary audit of my trades and have drawn a very interesting conclusion. The 3 level zz semafor is a super indicator provided its used correctly. Of course that's true for everything but for this indicator to help a trader, one needs to understand that the semafors it paints look similar but carry different meanings depending on the context.

Basically the best use of the 3 level zz semafor indicator is to signal the end of a short term correction and resumption of the main trend.

In other words, the best use of a semafor signal is in the direction of the main trend, not against it.

Based on the above, I'm adding a further filter to my way of validating a setup on the daily charts for the H4 trading method as follows:

1. LONG level 3 signal must be higher than the previous LONG level 3 signal OR SHORT level 3 signal must be lower than the previous SHORT level 3 signal.

2. LONG level 2 signal must be higher than the previous LONG level 2 or 3 signal OR SHORT level 2 signal must be lower than the previous SHORT level 2 or 3 signal.

This means that the first opposite level 2 signal occurring after a level 3 signal will be discarded as it won't have anything to be compared with.

Hope this helps all of us.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Here is an example!!!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
[quote=taru;7472401]{quote} I have carried out a preliminary audit of my trades and have drawn a very interesting conclusion. The 3 level zz semafor is a super indicator provided its used correctly. Of course that's true for everything but for this indicator to help a trader, one needs to understand that the semafors it paints look similar but carry different meanings depending on the context. Basically the best use of the 3 level zz semafor indicator is to signal the end of a short term correction and resumption of the main trend. In other words, the best use of a semafor signal is in the direction of the main trend, not against it. Based on the above, I'm adding a further filter to my way of validating a setup on the daily charts for the H4 trading method as follows: 1. LONG level 3 signal must be higher than the previous LONG level 3 signal OR SHORT level 3 signal must be lower than the previous SHORT level 3 signal. 2. LONG level 2 signal must be higher than the previous LONG level 2 or 3 signal OR SHORT level 2 signal must be lower than the previous SHORT level 2 or 3 signal. This means that the first opposite level 2 signal occurring after a level 3 signal will be discarded as it won't have anything to be compared with. Hope this helps all

Thanks for all your hard work Taru .... late here so i will look at this in more detail tomorrow. :-)

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Taru, I am afraid your answer to my first questions has lead to this next one.  What settings are you using on your Semaphore?  If you look at my chart you will see that I have used Semaphore True which doesn't repaint.  And where I have placed the arrows you will see yellow dots which represent 2 signals.  Now quite clearly these did not appear on your chart.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
What do you all think about this~

Place limit under it and stop above it?

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
I guess you'll have to accept different results between different indicators. Anyway I've attached a screen shot of my indicator settings dialog box. You may note that I've turned off the level 1 signal by setting its period to 0.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
[quote=taru;7472401]{quote} I have carried out a preliminary audit of my trades and have drawn a very interesting conclusion. The 3 level zz semafor is a super indicator provided its used correctly.

Hi Taru,

First thing, thanks a lot for sharing your way of trading this system. I tried to follow you but had too many loosers and came to the same conclusion. We need something to filter so that we stay on the side of the long term trend. Since very recently, I'm myself using MACD plat on the daily TF. So far, 1 loss and several positive positions. Will report from time to time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Green pips to all.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
You are welcome Fbird and thanks for sharing your method. I'll look forward to updates from you.

Take care.

Tariq

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Hi Guys !

Checkout this website that show other ways of using the Semafor...
http://www.forex-strategies-online.c...&submit=Search

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
How do you all think about this way.

Place Buy limit under GREEN 3 DOT and Buy stop above GREEN 3 DOT.

Place Sell limit above RED 3 DOT and Sell stop under RED 3 DOT.

To this way , we can prevent repaint issue.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
hi tai9127, I agree with your idea of trying to control the repaint issue, but I would do it another way,

Place BuyStop above the GREEN 3 DOT --- SellStop under the GREEN 3 DOT

Place  SellStop under RED 3 DOT BuyStop above the RED 3 Green Dot

The idea is to stay with the current trend before trying to go against it.  In my view placing a BuyLimit under the Green 3 Dot and vice versa for the RED 3 DOT is like catching a falling knife.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
if you want ..here is my suggestion for help here.. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Regards

Eitan.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
I'm happy just to WAIT for the closed candle in the direction you want to trade...

Currently I'm waiting for the next closed candle in the preferred direction for these trades, and that won't happen till at least tomorrow 7am for me here in Oz.

Don't forget to wait for the closing candle in the direction of the trade.

USDCHF SELL

EURCAD BUY

EURGBP BUY

EURJPY BUY

CHFJPY BUY

USDJPY BUY

EURUSD BUY

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
I will only trade 4 of these at the max though...

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Thanks Bob~

Is there any indi can draw the trendline from low high or high low?

I think we can use it or fibonacci to figure out how it'll go.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Try these settings out 13, 34,55 Gives less false signals....

Good Luckk!

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Here's a trendline indicator for MT4

Default trendline timeframe is set at 240...

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
GBP/JPY update.

The power of dailies. Strong areas of support / resistance, trend line, psych areas and the semaphore.

Already reached my monthly target with this trade alone. Looking for another 50-100 pips on this trade before closing.

Happy pips everyone.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Here are my open positions, risking 1% per trade. 3 losses but good floating profit. I will exit as per Taru recommendation. So far, I just adjusted NZDJPY SL.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Great going Fbird. Hope you are still in the trade.

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Yes Taru ! Still in

Will adjust SL on all trades save for AU and GA. No semaphor 2 or 3 has appeared on the daily for these 2, so I maintain initial SL.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Great! The AUDCAD has recently transitioned into a downtrend and shorts will likely face lower risk.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Hi can you please share your indicator on top left corner - the one that shows risk

How are you calculating your risk

Eg. Balance / ?

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Finally, just adjusted SL on GN. On other trades, new semaphor appeared on current candle. Will see tomorrow morning as it is late here in Europe.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Here it is FeeFee. Position is calculated as % of account balance.

Attached File(s)   positionsizecalculator.ex4

9 KB
|
300 downloads

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
You can also use MQL4 scripts with built-in position sizing. I've attached the ones I use. These were posted by forexsaint at http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=193727.

Attached File(s)   Buy n Sell w SL TP PrSL PrTP MM MultiLots.zip

3 KB
|
331 downloads

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Thank You for sharing that indicator , much appreciated

I am currently testing this indicator as it is not part of my usual strategy, however please tell me when you are using it on H4

- do you experience repainting?

- what is your strategy for entries and tp and sl?

- How many pairs do you analyse?

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
You are welcome Feefee.

I'm just testing this way of trading the semaphor for less than 2 weeks, so nothing is written in stone here. I've been playing with the semaphor since the start of this thread with no sucess due to repainting issue. Yes, this indi is repainting and a lot. So, if you trade it mechanically, no way you will make money.

I then started following Taru' rules for entry and exit. Read his comments carrefully. They are very clear, well explained and I learnt a lot from them. I experienced too much losses though and decided to add a new filter to stay on the current trend of the daily time frame. I use Macd, but I guess you could use any other indi like stoch or MA. What I like in Taru's method is that it enables you to stay in the trend for long.

I follow all pairs save for exotics, but MM is key here. Just 1% risk per trade.

Hope it helps.

By the way, closed AU for more tan 2 R:R. Had another loss on GJ, so 4 losses now, but floating profit still growing....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Eitan

which is the post that relates to this template please, or this a new template ?

thank you

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
i didnt post the tpl and relevant for this sys..just need this thread owner (Bob) for confirm it is ok from his side to do so..

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Looks good though....thats almost 20 % gain on balance

What is your formula to work out the lot size?

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
1% of account balance. I use the position size calculator indi:

Entry = 1 pip above the highest or lowest of the semaphor candle and the confirming candle (i.e. the candle after the semaphor candle).

SL: just below or above the semaphor dot.

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Definitely interesting....I will look into it....Thanks alot

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
You could also filter the H4 using Bollinger Bands....use three of them

Deviation 50 with a 2, 3, and 4...

This really helps keep you on the right side

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
You can use any indi you prefer to keep you on the right side of the higher time frame.

Yesterday night I opened a new long on CADJ and closed all remaining trades:

AC: +2.2 RR

AJ: +3.3 RR

GA: +6 RR

GN: +4.7 RR

NJ: +2 RR

So far so good.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Hey guys, what about this 4H EURUSD? No one long?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
For me, EU is still on a downtrend on the daily, so no trade. But, I acknowledge it may bounce up as it is close to the 200 MA. I prefer to be patient and have a confirmed up trend to look for longs. But that just me.

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Are you actually using 200 EMA for trend confirmation?

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
No, I use MACD. But I like to have it on my charts. On the daily, it is a significant dynamic SR.

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Hi Bob

I just wondering are you still using cythis colored ribbon system?how does that system work for you?

thanks

regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Dear followers

I have checked cynthias colored trend system and other websites belongs to her selling another system ,its all scam big time.

these people if they were successful in trading forex,then they will never ever sell anything to others,that is a very basic rule.

thanks

fred

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Hi Brad I was using Cythia's Ribbon System for confirmation of trades with the Semafor system I use but since changed to a Gann SSL indicator which seems to work much better.

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Greetings all to the start of a new week. Here is an idea I am currently trialling. I have change the setting on the Semafor to 13, 34, 71. Also I am using Synergy Candles and Extreme TMA Line. And the TMA repaints, I know that. When a Sell 3 occurs wait until the candles change from Red to Blue. Then put a Sell order in at 5 to 10 pips below the low of the 3 candle or that first Blue candle, which ever is lowest. You will see on the chart two past entry points and the order I will be placing on Monday morning. I have also included the state of play at the moment on my practise account.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
hi bobha

first thank you for your conterbution .i just like to know which semafor indicator you use on your chart?is it the same as posted in post #1 or you use different one?

do you trade on day time frame or 4HR chart?

thanks

fred

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
G'day Fred.  Yes, I am using the one Bob posted originally.

And something I forgot to put in the previous post.  It looks like another entry point is a 1 or 2 candle if part of the candle's body goes outside the TMA lines.  This one is a bit hard to check up on the charts as the TMA lines repaint but if you try to visualise where the might have been at the time this could be a goer.

Bob

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
I think you're onto something good here, but could you please explain the rational behind changing the Semafor to: 13,34,71?  At least explain a little what these numbers represent to you and what you expect from the result, or what you're trying to prevent.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Bobha - Good one - I am trying the same type thing  except no TMA - I use the ABP Synergy bars plus 3zzSemafor and the Traders Dynamic Index (TDI) as a visual confirmation.  It appears to be working easily and well -  actually am live doing it = will let you know in about a month how it is going.  My rational is that even with the Semafor repainting it just says the trend is continuing =when it stops and the abp bars turn color it is a great signal especially when confirmed by the TDI.

Open for comments

Tom

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Nice method.... Can you please share some charts with settings and indi so we can better understand?

many thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Zxpips, the reason for the larger numbers is that this cuts down on the number of 3 signals that will appear.  Why 13, 34 and 71?  Actually I have no idea how I came up with them.  It would probably more sensible to use 10, 26, 68 which are the original numbers times 2.  I am also looking at going as high as 100 but it gets a bit more complicated at that level.  If you use Semaphore True you can try the various combinations.

Bob

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Hi guys,

I just created a trade explorer linked to my 4H semaphore demo trading account. My goal is to be consistently profitable on a monthly basis until end of August. If I manage to do it, I'll go live with a small account in september. Mission for May is  accomplished. Wish me good luck lol....!

So far, the week has been quiet, small increase in my balance account. I have currently 2 shorts opened on CHFJPY and EURJPY doing well:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Green pips to all.

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
Hi guys, I just created a trade explorer linked to my 4H semaphore demo trading account. My goal is to be consistently profitable on a monthly basis until end of August. If I manage to do it, I'll go live with a small account in september. Mission for May is accomplished. Wish me good luck lol....! So far, the week has been quiet, small increase in my balance account. I have currently 2 shorts opened on CHFJPY and EURJPY doing well:

Good luck Fbird

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Best performer this week would have been GBPJPY but unfortunately set up occurred while I was asleep... A 4 to 5 RR :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Thanks Ezzy !!

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Well done, all the best , keep strong

Great results

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Hey Fbird!

Welcome to this thread. Hope you do well with this system, will be following along.

So far I have ahd one or two losers, but I think I am not giving my SL enough room and they got hit.

Best of luck!

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Since starting this thread I have incorporated using the Stochastic indicator which helps with confirmation..

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
hello guys, just found this thread. tried to load the semafor indicator in my indicator folder and restarted, but it's not showig up can anyone help me out. am on mt4, alpari. thx

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Hey Dial -  open mt4 --  click on "open data folder"  -  click on mq4l  -  click on indicators        then just drag indicator into that file  -  close mt4 and

then reopen.   indicator should be there

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
What are your Stochastic settings?

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Thx a lot. I'll try it out now

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
My Stochastic settings are K PERIOD 5, D PERIOD & SLOWING 3

LEVELS ARE: 20, 80

Have a great weekend and a prosperous week ahead.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
FBird..... What are your two indicators???? (Red and Blue)???? What is the MACD???? Will you be able to share with me???THank you in advance....

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Hi bob~long time no update here~

What's your new way about Stochastic?

H4 and big dot and overbought/sell appear?

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Hi Tai,

You've got it in a nut shell...

If you have the Semafor at the bottom, which means there's a possible BUY trade set up make sure the Stochastic is also at the bottom ( Over Sold ).

And if the Large dot is at the top which means a possible SELL trade make sur e the Stochastic is also at the top ( Over Bought )

I will trade the pair untill I hit the next Semafor, trading the pull backs and the main trend even when there is minor semafor, but that's just my way at the moment. I have tried a few different trading methods but I always end up back with the Semafor system... I Love It !

The system is still very basic and can be traded a few different ways as we have seen in the forum, but we still have that good ole Semafor as our indicator.

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Here it is Chienung. MACD platinum.

Attached File(s)   MACD_Platinum.ex4

25 KB
|
419 downloads

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
hi Fbird ! what is your rule to entry using MACD Platinum indicator ?

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Hi cavenlee,

I just use it as a filter on the daily TF. If it´s  down, only short. If it's up only long. Entries and exits are on H4 as per Taru rules. Hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
hi Fbird, pls can u direct me to this "Taru" rules. thx

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Post 947

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
sorry, didn't see any exit rule. am i missing something?

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Hi - I have been testing it on Daily and what I found is that when the 3 appears, you wait for the next days candle to appear, then create the market order 10 pips above/below that candel(the one after the semafor)

I found this may get me in a bit late - but at least its a confirmed entry

Hope that helps

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Do you also require the following candle to close in the direction of the price reversal?

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
As long as the Semafor candler has closed you can take your trade from that... Or if you like you could wait for confirmation with the next candle that's going with the current trend.

I also trade the main tend and the pullbacks too... I try and squeeze as much as possible of of the trends..

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Not necessarily I just place my order tn pips above or below it and see if it hits

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Hi Bob

Once again thank you for this wonderful forum and the good you are doing here,

May I ask what pairs you trade with and what are your TP Levels and SL...for retracements (pink dot) and for yellow dot

Also what risk % do you use, how long do you leave a trade open?

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Before I make a trade I look through all the pairs and pick trades that have a closed #3 Semafor candle. I only trade around 4 pairs at a time, ensuring I don't over trade.

My Stop goes above or below the 3# dot, I then take the trade, I used to use a Buy or Stop Order but not any more. I don't seem to have that much trouble with repainting. As soon as another semafor dot appears for the opposite direction I close my current trade and place a new one for the opposite trend. I tend to use 0.05 per $100 in my bank..

eg: $100 balance I trade 0.05 when it reaches $200 use 0.10, $300 use 015 which is $1.50 per pip....ect ect

Hope this all helps..

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Read the entire thread. It's only 56 pages then you will be able to see the exit rule. I think this one was discussed by bob one page ago. Please don't be lazy

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Thank you so much for the info, truly useful

When you say the dot for the other direction, does this also apply for reversals? You close the trade and then take the reversal, immediately or after close?

I must admit I didnt like it that much when I started using it, but once I moved it to daily and incorporated it with my current strategy it really helps being able to see the lows and highs plotted out so nicely

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Yep !

As soon as the other minor semafor happens on the candle I take it, but I do that on the 4H time frame.

That's what I've been doing lately and I've been making the pips

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
EUR/USD looking to rise

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
H4

Maybe I have to wait for more than three candles (D1 for next , H4 for four)

Test on Demo account.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Hi bob~maybe you can improve this indi for your trade now.Ex:when the candle which next to point 3 is upper than point 3,make alert.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
I'm quite happy with the system the way it is, I've compared it with others and it works for me.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
I would take a SELL on this pair, there is a SELL signal on the H4 & D1.

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
hi bobhowson

do you trade your system as you have it in post #1 ?

or you do use other indicators for confirmation to enter the trades ?

thanks

fred

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Hi Fred,

Basically I still trade the same system only lately I don't do the STOP ORDER's like I used to other than that all the same.

I just wait for the Semafor candle to finish then place my trade. These days I trade the pull backs to using the Semafor indicator.

I try and limit my trade to 4 pair only...

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
what doyou thinks abaout the next candle mr bob

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Personally I won't be taking the trade though there is a possibility of TDI crossing in the overbought area, there is major support which is at 171.250 using the 200 SMA and the daily pivot line plus there is no No.3 in the daily chart.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
hi bobhowson

I see here you mentioned many times that you use  4H for this system, but in first post you insisted as a  rule we have to use only daily TF.so please let us know which one is better for this system?

thanks

fred

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
There is a Semafor SELL signal on both the D1 & 4H on this pair I would take this... SL @ 171.995...

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
This is how I'm using the Semafor System these days...

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Hi Bob

Are you taking trades 2 and 3 at the end of the candle like trade 1?

Thanks

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
hi bob,

how you place the order

stop/limit?market order?

after the ball appears ? after confirmation that it wont repaint?

what is the confirmation candle /qualifying candle

concurrence of D and 4H ?

please elaborate

rgds

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
That looks like great hindsight trading, but I would be very surprised if you really got those exact entries/ exits using just Semafor

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Looks good, but I find issue with the reversal (semaphor 2) it repaints quite terribly

If you trading the reversals are you in essence trading H4 timeframe?

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Yeah most of the time I trade the 4H on the pullbacks...

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
That's all I use....also the stochastic...

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
pinbar+3ball

or

3ball + crossover of ssl or tft indi + close of candle

worth trying out?

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
You seem to have many more dots than I have on mine. Checkout my settings, see if they are the same...

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
He's using SemaphorTrue which shows the number of times the dots have been repainted and then finally hold at that position.

See img:

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
1. I do not post charts or answer a lot of redundant questions. Mainly because because I am not good at expressing myself other than in an original post.

2. If you don't like how Bob uses the indicators then come up with your own. I use his method with a couple of tweaks.

MY Tweaks with BOBS method:

In my looking back at charts I put Heiken Ashi bars on the chart and found that if you wait for the change of color after the Semafor signal you will be pretty solid in your entries. I also added the only other indicator I use which is the TDI (Traders Dynamic Index) to confirm the Semafor signal. It MUST have a cross and the Heiken ashi bars must change color before I take the trade. I trade only H4 and Daily

If you have questions then try it out for a week or so and then ask. Or use Semafor confirmed with the Stoch Oscillator as Bob does. Either will work. Patience is key. Closed candles are key. Money management is key.

The method is Bobs - It is a good method where he trades and with the broker he uses. We must use his ideas and come up with what works for us in our situation.

Good trading guys and thanks many times over for sharing your method Bob.

edit: I notice Bobha and Shinewel both use the APB or Heiken ashi bars.  Also I use the 5 ema with a 3 shift which is further confirmation.  Basically I use the Trading Made Simple started by eelfranz and combine it with Bobs method.

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
It's a different indicator I have attached, use it together with the regular ZZ semafor indicator and you will see that it paints a dot whenever a Semaphor appears and stays there.

As you know the regular ZZ semafor indicator will re-paint whenever there is a new high/ low, so watch both indicators together on a 1 min chart just to see how it works, (change setting edblOffsetPoints lower for better visual display)

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Excellent answer....I agree, there is no one fit model for everyone....you need to try and see what works for you as an individual

I have been a day trader for years and thanks to Bobs ideas and the semaphor using it on Dailys along with Bollinger bands to do position trading

Thank you Bob for sharing, keep up the good work

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Yeah everybody trades in their own way, use what ever works for you, guys.

There are many ways you can use the semafor as you can see with many suggestions in this forum.

Anyway it's all very interesting...

Thanks Tom

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
I got the idea of trading with the semafor after coming across the Zig Zag indicator when I first started trading around a year ago.

The Semafor I found in another System which I came across while trying different idea's.

Anyway lots of luck guys.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Hi Bob

I also had the Semafor, and didnt like it so left it aside, then I saw your thread and decided to give it a go for longer term trading

Do you know how the reversal semafor works, what it is based on....Im just trying to understand the reversal indicator a bit more.

Thank You

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Good Mornin' Fee,

I'm really still a beginner only been trading for around 18 months, so when it comes to the technical sde of trading I'm buggered. I do know that the smaller the semafor number on  the dot the less reliable it is. I only trade these on the 4H if it is a #2 or 3. One of our members I made a noter of confirms the signal between the 4H & Daily, which I thought was a great idea and seems to work very well.
eg: If there is a #3 dot on the H4 and a #2 on the D1 that would be a trade.
Hope this is helpful.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Hi, Bob,

I noticed many of your trades are a very short duration, like a few hours or less (some only a few minutes). If you are trading on the 4hr and daily charts, how are you determining your exits? If we wait for the next semafor to appear on 4hr or daily charts, wouldn't these trades normally go on for days?  thanks

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
EUR/USD on the 4Hour Chart is giving a signal to sell. Thoughts ?

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Howdy Bob,

I see that you live in "Gods Own Country"..Lucky devil..

I tried to make this indicator scenario to work several years ago but no luck.....Guess I am a slow learner..

Have spent hours to find my own charting style based on your concept and if it works over the coming weeks will share ..

If successful I may be able to join the elderly folk in paradise..

Have a great day.

Ronald

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Yesterday I was in a panic when the market started going up & down and didn't know which way to go. Other than that, when I trade the minor semafor sometime it will only last a day or two on the 4H timeframe. I usually check my trades at 7am, 11am, 3pm, 7pm and 11pm if there is a new semafor I will close and trade and start another if it fits all the rules. I suppose you could say I surf the candles up and down, since doing this I've made a lots more pips.

I once stayed with the Daily from start to finish riding the tend till the main Semafor appears then closed in profit.

I suppose everyone has different styles..

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Shinewel,I think it's more useful to confirm the enter point by these,I also watch for useful to combine with Bob's system.Cheer up!

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
I would take this SELL trade even though it has a minor Semafor, place your SL at the top of the #3 dot the risk is only 20 or so pips.

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Hi Bob,

Yesterday was a chaotic late in the day due to all the Red Flag news...Fortunately I achieved my daily target in the Asian sessian..

Many folks take to-day off because the markets are slow due to the major red  US flag at 10.30 p.m our time.

I congratulate you on your endevour to share your experiences in this most volotile arena...History shows that trends have changed and will continue to do so as nothing stays the same in life, but that is only my humble opinion which may be worthless.

Ronald

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Also the reason for the shorter trades of late I took a leaf out of someone system were he only targets 40 pips for the TP also the SL is 40 pips. This is what I've been doing over the last couple of days on the Daily time frame. It would be lovely to get 10 trades with 40 pip profit each week.

Have a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
My opinion is wait for more candles...We got many news last night.So the #3 is not so clear.

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
I placed a SELL trade on the EURUSD and now I'm half way to my profit level of 40 pips.

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Hi, well for someone who claims to be a beginner, I would say you have a great knowledge and have a good tolerance for this trading style, a good fit. I have used entires based on daily lows or highs for a long time for swing trading. In essence you are trading the H4 charts between the bollingers, even if you are not aware of it...good job...

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Simple system yet effective as long as MM is controlled. Best of all if trading on H4 and checking confirmation on daily is stress free. More time for love one.

Will be trying it out according to the orignal simple rules.

Thanks for sharing.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
let's make it simple

which is the most used media in forex? sma or ema 200 ...

in them the price usually bounce

uses two TF... upper and lower tf .... ... w1-d1 or d1-h4

look at the lower tf ...green 3 ball bouncing ema-sma 200.

nothing more

examples ....

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
MORE...W1-D1

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
...

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Why i've chosen to enter in gbp-cad d1-h4, not w1-d1?

---sorry for my english---

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Watch this case ... The ball is moved

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
So , accroding to your chart,we can find out that we have to confirm D-W chart to confirm the right Entry Point,right?

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
I don´t understand your question....sorry

only two tf

in upper tf, ball 1 or 2 and in lower tf, ball 3 with bounce mas´s200

some trendlines and settings candles....nothing more

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
It's ok man ...

Confirm two chart.

So,attached chart may be down trend?

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
hi friend

must be that my English is very bad because you have not heard anything

where are EMA-sma200? there should bounce price in the lower tf

also...I use w1-d1 or d1-h4

you've left me amazed with your questions ... maybe not for me because they have nothing to do with the strategy to explain

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Hi Porfirio,

Thank you for the examples of how you trade. I think I understand. Please could you tell me which settings you use for the simple and exponential moving averages.

Thank you again.

Kevin

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
increible!!!

hi friend....

sma 200 and ema 200

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Hello everyone and Porfirio,

Porfirio i guess u are using MTF analysis in your trade but i really do not understand it wholly.You say ball 1 or 2 on HTF and ball 3 on LTF.Do u mean ball 1 and 2 are the signal on HTF and ball 3 the signal on LTF.Pls put me in the know by explaning it in a layman manner.Thank you in advance.

Regards,

ADESHINA.

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
hi ifebaba

in the upper tf any ball is valid .... 1 or 2

the first ball appears,  it is the same

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
The ball is moved is because there are new low before a high is made.

As long as there are new low before a high occur or new high before the low occur, the ball will shift.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
nave, everyone knows that

for that reason I have not explained

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Hi again Porfirio,

Thank you for the reply but unfortunately you did not understand what I meant. I know and understand that you are using 200 ema/sma however... what I wanted to know was the ma settings for SHIFT and whether the ma is set to OPEN or CLOSE or something else.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
hi friend

sma and ema 200... close - shift 0

Your look cad -chf h4 (ball 3) ... is bouncing on them

in d1 ball 2

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
here have the ma´s 200 ... the price bounces off them

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Agree with you Tom, I do exactly the same. Using HA, eventhough it's bit delayed, but this indi give us a clear confirmation.

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
High again Porfirio!

Thank you for confirming the ma settings, all clear now  With regards to the semaphore, are they standard settings? and are these settings the same for both LOWER and HIGHER timeframes or are they different?

Sorry for all the questions, just want to make sure we are both on the same page

Final 3 questions!

1. Having identified a 1,2 or 3 ball bouncing off of the ma's on the HIGHER timeframe DOES IT MATTER which number shows on the LOWER timeframe? or is it important to wait for a 3 BALL?

2. Looking at your chart examples it appears that you always use a 1:1 risk reward, with a 10pip TP & SL is this correct?and if so any particular reason?

3. May I ask how long you have been trading this and is it consistently profitable for you?

Thank you,

Kevin.

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
default semaphore ... upper and lower tf

- It is important to wait for the ball 3 in lower tf

- yes,  1:1 ... sl ball 3

- I started on 2 June  ... a week ago ... are just studies...

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Thanks Porfirio crystal clear now, shall experiment further

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Hi everyone, read most of this thread andamvery keen to have a go with Bob's indicator however i'm having trouble loading it onto my metatrader platform.

I've tried both IBFX & Global Prime platforms with no success. I've tried to drop the indicator in via the 'Properties/OpenFile Location/MQL4/Indicators' & 'Properties/Open File Location/Experts/Indicators' filepaths, is there another way i should be trying or maybe another step other than downloading from page 1 in this thread & copying into above mentioned filepaths??

TIA guys

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Scratch that, all sorted!

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Configuration of candles were good (w1-d1).

And i expected a retracment....(to pink trendline)

but was changing trend w1

if you want your filter as explained in the picture

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Hi Guys,

I got a caning this week in the FOREX world, hoping to recover by this Saturday....

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Oh no, sorry to hear, dont worry you will be back up soon

Which pairs you had an issue with?

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
example higher tf  with ball 1

in lower tf ==>  ball 3 always... and bounce o break ema-sma200

gbp-jpy ...d1-h4

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
as I explain in the post 1154 .... aus-cad w1-d1

now we can entrer in d1-h4

this strategy, as I explain it is profitable.

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
...

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Sorry for the late reply, been holidaying. Yes i only ever trade on the daily time frame.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
No problem, and thanks for the reply.

Hope you had a good holiday

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
hi porfirio

good day!

how you pre-determine sl/tp ? please could you explain your rules for fixing the s/l and t/p.............

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
hi shinewel

I think you have not read the messages that explain

you read the posts .... 1153- 1154- 1155- 1156- 1157- 1159- 1163- 1165- 1171- 1172- 1174- 1175-1179- 1182- 1183-1184

especially the post 1174- 1175

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Hi Guys I have change the approach of this system slightly which you may like to try.

The image attached has all the rules except that instead of taking profit 50 pips I now have a TRAILING STOP of 50 pips and just let the trade run.

Also I enter the trade at the CLOSE of the Semafor candle with a BUY or SELL stop trade...

Have a great trading week...

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
I have observed three new entries ....

in two of them I was late so I put sell limit

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
...

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Hi Bob

Hope you are doing well

Thank you for this, are you using a different indicator ..?

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Hi Feefee,

No still using the Semafor but on the DAILY Time Frame but I have added a Trend Channel indicator which shows the trend. I enter the trade at the Close of the Semafor Candle with a BUY or SELL Stop Trade.

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Hi Bob

Thank you for the reply....can you please post that indicator ?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Hi Guys,

This is my Trend Channel indicator which may help your trading....

Cheers !

Bob

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Thank you so much, you are so helpful

All the best with your trading

Green Pips!

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
The NB-channel indicator is simply a renamed SHI-channel indicator. Google SHI channel to get additional info to better implement its use.

Great trading!!

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
thanks,  cud u please tell me what is the setting for the zigzag and BB that you use and explain the confluence of zigzag and BB with 200sma/ema  for triggering the trade

rgds

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
hi shinewell...

with an example you'll understand better

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
indicator... default setting

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
All I need is Semafor and Stochastic.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Nice

Care to share that indi on the right and those stoch settings...interesting

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
I love the Semafor indicator, But Guys one of the Reasons for repainting is News, u should be grounded on the fundamental aspect. One other thing, Don't enter a New Trend when that particular currency is not on it season, when it is not on the market season, it tends to repaint, when the season starts, d market trend is established and the best timeframe is the 4H and Daily chart. Always keep ur eyes on the Daily chart

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
If I were you Guys I will try and stay away from the CHF Pairs, it leads to high Drawdown and it will strain ur patience even though it will still make some profit with this system

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
This morning in D1-H4...

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Taru,just finished reading the thread. And have you giving up on the 3 Level zz semafor?

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
You can find Semafor in this thread.

And custom stoch for K28 D5 slow5

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
My2cents............mm as you choose

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
What are those nice indis on the right tho? What do the percentages represent?

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Sorry for the belated response. Yes I have moved on to explore other approaches of trading forex and I'm afraid 3 level zz semafor isn't one of them. Anyway good luck with your trading.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
hi bob

I see you use different semafor in your recent chart.can you please share it here plus your tamplate?

thanks

fred

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
porfirio or any coder in the forum can help adding email alert to 3 level zz semafor indi ??

thanks in anticipation of the same......nice day all!!!

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Hi Paulus,

I downloaded the most recent Ball Dashboard that you posted and I do find it quite useful for helping me quickly scan for pairs to trade. My only problem is that it keeps giving me alerts for the 5M balls and I won't to turn them off.

Is there a way that you can have your programmer make a version where I can set alerts only to be shown for the 4H, Daily and Weekly Balls?

I would also like the ability to only show the 4H, Daily and Weekly Timeframes displayed on the dashboard to save screen space.

That would be awesome if you can add those features and maybe e-mail alerts too!

Big thanks to Bob, Taru, Perfirio, Paulus and everyone else who contributed good ideas to this thread!

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
hi porfirio...the mtf dashboard indi on the left top corner in these images , has it been posted here.....if not could you share it...does it have alert feature?....appreciate your kindness and happy pips !

have a nice day

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
adx....all tf

saludos friend

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
muchos gracias, amigo !

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
thank you Porfirio for that Indy

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
porfirio

what is your thought on using BB with 200 ma setting?

thnx

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
yes my friend....we could change the sma 200 for the bb 200

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Porfirio,

Interesting system, how do you use this system, do you use H1 TF with reference to some other TF?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Thanks for d info Porfirio , increase the chance for profitable from Forex...

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
hi porfirio,  you as an experienced trader would like to ask you this.........after how many candles {the balls 1/2/3 stop repainting (jumping)}......so there is a  confirmation of high probability  of reversal trend starting....

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
I do not use the semaphore

just zig-zag, stochastic and fractal (no repaint normally) .... I use two tf .... w1-d1 or d1-h4

look gbp-chf and eur-gbp

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
more...

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
thnx porfirio...........nice to see u doing well with the trades....all the best

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
hi  Porfirio....from this post , u don't use ema, sma200 and semaphore anymore, just using zig-zag, stochastic and fractal  indicator only , am i correct ?

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
may be, porfirio can start a new thread posting indi/template/entry exit rules for his strategy so others interested will follow the thread......coz  his trading is  not based on semfafor indi anymore......what you think?

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
correct cavenlee.

shine i don´t speak english... i can´t  open a thread

for example... 24 august n-u  w1-d1 it´s posible buy.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
no problem, please post your templates or setting for zz  bb stoch etc that you have been using.....keep up your good work and all the very best

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
hi shine...

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
usted es muy amable...muchos gracias

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
this indi may be useful !

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
thx for the templates profirio ,can you pls explain how u spot the chance to buy or sell by using your templates ?

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
its all explained with pictures in earlier posts....if you read the last few pages well, you will learn everything u need to know.....sure you will like the simplicity of it...

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
ok! i will try first ! thank you!

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Hi porfirio,

Is there any specific rule to exit the trade or just to exit on next fractal of lower tf.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
I have taken trade on EURGBP, porfirio pls share your views.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
eur-gbp....sell???????......... why???

cad-jpy and nzd-jpy   w1-d1.... buy

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
look eur-gbp d1.... sure sell??  very dangerous

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
On D1 fractal appears and on H4 again there is fractal at upper end and stock is overbought, price is coming down.

This trade is taken as per the rules I can understand after viewing your previous posts, I will be glad if you can explain the exact rules, I know it is some what difficult for you to translate it in eng but I pls try and if you can better explain into you language just do it I will take help of online translator.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
hi putin

if you want you can go against the trend of higher tf, in this case d1.

but I prefer to go with the trend, it is safer

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Pls explain rules of entering and exiting the trade, I am sure many of us following this thread will be happy.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
hi profirio , i using D1-H4 trading G-J , my concept correct ? pls correct me if im wrong

thank you

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
hi caven

h4-h1.... would have been better ....

and you would be out

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
H porfirio , thanks for the reply , can u explain y h4-h1 will be better ? Or my entry concept wrong ?

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
I prefer to go with the trend ... just that ... I already explain

in h4-h1 there is a break of the trendline.... in d1-h4 no

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
...

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
thanks to porfirio' s efforts in explaining his strategy......if it is still not clear to some, let me know. i will explain his strategy at my best......... nice day!

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
thanks the porfirio for the system and explaination also ,based  from my understanding which is from the daily chart we identified the trend from fractal ,and once the trend was identified and change to TF 4hr look at the stoch whether is overbought or oversell and then just decide whether can place the order , entry strategy is like this ?

and from this chart i have no idea what is the trend , do you know how to trade when the chart like this ?

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
at the moment it is ranging...near a strong resistance zone

no trades

wait to see a fractal on top/daily chart

when it happens move to 4hr chart and make short trade entry when the 4hr candle closes creating a fractal

though there is room to go up, taking a long trade is risky at this level, unless you have similar set ups in 5 or 15 m t/f for a quick small scalp

but that is not the strategy we are working on...

i would rather wait to take a short trade... unless i am already riding on the long trade

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
am i right porfrio???

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
my thought is since we need to identifiy the trend mean that we should follow the trend in daily chart right ? then if we take the short seems is against the trend ?

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
first of all, you must understand, the whole thread is all about spotting the beginning of a trend reversal or a big pull back which is also in other words swing trade opportunities....

so we are looking for change in the swing and to enter early to ride with the swing

audjpy is in the uptrend....now rather possibly near the end of an uptrend

if the set up says end of the present long trend you look for opportunities to short

if the set up says continuation of the present long trend, you trade long (for which you should see a fractal at the bottom in 4 hr chart)

in the present scenario you see neither of them

so we need to wait to see the fractal, to take any position and to make profits

now we are in between a long swing....we are looking for beginning/end of any swings

however you can enter long trades using smaller time frames............

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
hi caven

I would have bought (buy)... w1-d1 (17 agosto 2014)

use your knowledge of trendlines and logic

saludos.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
you have to practice ... and eventually you'll see it more clearly

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
the BB also help you...

I suggest you keep it simple

bb-stoch-fractals-zz.... is enough ....

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
following the example ... aus-jpy

as we would enter in d1-h4?

d1 ... wait fractal....and draw trendline

h4 ... stoch oversold

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Thanks porfirio. Will keep follow up

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
is this correct ?

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
D1..... follow the trend and factral show up

H4...... waiting the stoch reach the oversell area and place the order

is this correct ?

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
gbp-chf...buy (w1-d1)... is correct

usd-cad...sell (d1-h4)... is correct

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
hi porfirio , for the usd-cad part . i thought it is for buy ? because the D1 trend is moving up right ? then we just wait for the right timing to place the order in H4 right ?

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
in gbp-chf I put a pending order to cover the gap ....

I do not understand why no delivery.... maybe spreads, I don´t know

eur-gbp...also happened the same

with regard usd-cad

I risked a bit because the trend is up

but I saw a strong resistance, so enter sell

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
sometimes you have to review the operations to move the sl to be

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
usd-cad ....Mn-w1...will be a buy in september

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
May I ask, if somebody has a 3 level semafor with an email alert in ex4 format, please. (I have one without it). Thank you much!

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
here u go

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
hi friends

in your graph (gbp-jpy) the Price lowest to 10.23 (25 august).... ?????????

thanks

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
NzdJpy

D1........fractal show on the up trend line

H4.......stoch at oversell area and place the order

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
hi cavenlee

I need help

you could tell me if the price reached tonight 136.92 (cad-chf) ??

thanks

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
I will try to explain a possible buy entry

I suggest you keep it simple ... just use logic and trendlines

also observed the movement of bb

but...

the most important thing is that you see the fractal in w1 ... if the fractal is not listed you can not enter

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
....d1

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
EurCAD trade

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
hi ezzy

that was a good entry

semaphore replaced by fractal and your coming would have been much safer

I commented you from experience

semaphore is much repaints ... I used it before

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
hi porfirio

but  my cad-chf figure is not same with your one

i don know y

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Hi Porfirio

Thats true, it repaints, so dont take every entry, be selective. It almost seems that the lower the time frame the more it repaints. However, I prefer to use semaphore, along with support resistance and trend. Its been very good for me so far.

All the best porfirio

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
i am a bit confused about the entry with recent discussion.....possible to explain step by step way to spot the trade and enter......how you decide trend and then what you look for in big and smaller time frames etc......do we have to be glued to the pc to enter at the right time in the smaller ti/f or stop/limit orders are placed........appreciate your time to explain

cheers

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
hi shinewel

for me.... nzd-jpy... w1-d1... buy ...17 august.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Hi porfirio

17th August was the day when a weekly fractal low was formed, now as you say we should move to daily to find a fractal low for buy entry and that was 22nd August; is this right?

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
hi Howard

d1 only have to look at the stoch

easier it is impossible

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
should i place a buy order for GBPJPY of W1-D1 ?

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Only if it goes and stays above 172.27. Do you want quick money or sure money?

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Great system. Mr P thanks for sharing. Can someone pls., direct me to the post where the template was posted. Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
hi caven

if you draw the tredlines, in w1, really is better to wait and get into d1-h4....you have to wait

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Here is another one on the daily.

Trend, pull back, semaphore, $

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
hi profirio

so u mean the trend already broken the W1 trend line , in D1 its become down trend , so all we need is to draw a trend line in D1 and wait the entry signal of the  market using H4 right ?

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
hi profirio

one more question , how u draw trendline ? u using candlestick chart or line chart to draw ?

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
hi profirio

so u mean the trend already broken the W1 trend line , in D1 its become down trend , so all we need is to draw a trend line in D1 and wait the entry signal of the market using H4 right ?.............YES, MORE OR LESS

hi profirio

one more question , how u draw trendline ? u using candlestick chart or line chart to draw ? I USE BOTH .... ANALYZE EACH CASE

you just have to practice ... give it time

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
I have problems with gbp-jpy (and many more pairs).... I can not show you how it would be h4

sorry, cavenlee

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
ok! thanks for your guild profirio , if next time got any entry chance can u post to here ? because i wan to learn where i miss , i also will post mine to let u check whether it is correct or not

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
hi ezzy....for entry which t/f u use? daily swing high and enter 30m tf pull back and break the level? pls explain if its ok with you...i like semafor even if repaints... as long as you know when it will stop repainting..

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
hi porfirio , this 2 chart is about the fractal show on weekly , it there any possible to entry ?

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
EURGBP update....

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Hi shinewel, my entry in the EURGBP was more aggressive than what I would like. Generally I put a pending order below the signal bar and and if price reaches it, it triggers the trade, if price most up and semaphore repaints, I delete the order ad re-asssess.

Ps - Check the first post by the thread owner, he explains how he trades this system. I am trading it very similarly to him

Cheers

Ezzy

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
thnx ezzy....

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
hi cavenlee

gbp-usd.... the trend is changing... now down... we have to wait to enter sell

but....may go up for then down

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
hi porfirio

the gbp-usd trend changing because of the low fractal is lower then previous one low fractal , is it ??

then how about gold? are you trading gold ?

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
yes, cavenlee

in w1-d1 (gbp-usd)...I'm expecting a low fractal

the gold I don´t use.... but will go up

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
more or less...

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
shinewel, forget the semaphore is simply a zigzag ...do not waste your time

Imagine that one day you want to invest in shares of the stock Exchange...through your bank

all platforms, from the simplest to the most sophisticated have fractals, stoch,zz ... you will know to use all plataforms

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
I suggest moving the SL to entry point...

to protect your entry

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
i understood the fractal /stoch /bb based trading of porfirio...but i did not understand the need or importance of ZZ....can somebody explain how to use zz to confirm entry/exit or trend etc.....

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
HI SHINEWELL

the main function of zz is in the upper tf ... gives us the area tp

also is a visual aid and to draw trendlines

example... N-U....d1-h4.... 1 sep 14

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
thank u so much porfrio for explaining......all d best in your trades...

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
hi porfirio

what kind of situation u will move your SL to entry point ?

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Hi porfirio

Are you using this method on a demo account, are you testing it?

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Hi Howard

It is amazing but this is the first strategy that I believe (2008)... was profitable

but...

discovered after many forums with many strategies and indicators, and leave this strategy abandoned in a drawer

a few months ago looking for the contract of the policy of my car, I saw a paper on which it described this strategy in a few lines ... and recover

I did not even remember that I had written

I have not tested but is profitable ... just follow the trend through fractals and trendlines

hi cavenlee... no special criteria .... I observe, drawing trendlines ...

shinewel ....example .... buy-sl-tp

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
How many pairs are you monitoring Profirio?

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
hi oconnor

all you want...

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
hi porfirio

this is UC and EC

can i enter the trade ?

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
hi cavenlee

I have to leave ... within 2 or 3 hours I answer

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
hi cavenlee

usd-chf...d1-h4... We saw fractal 31 august... buy this day in h4

the buy is valid for me between 31 august and 3 september

now fractal d1.... but

you look candle yesterday, is very big.... also stochastic in h4, I don´t like

eur-chf...I do not like this pair ... takes more than two years in range....but we will analyze d1-h4.... look graphic

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
hi porfirio

u don like the stoch in H4 for UsdChf ? because it is on the ovebrought area right  ?

for eurchf, so this is the valid sell for this situation right ?
by the way my eurchf H4 chart bar a bit different with your H4 chart because our platform is different ?

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
hi cavenlee

e-chf

yes .... I do not like stoch (5 september), already oversold... I prefer enter 21 august (overbought)

you must select the best options

u-chf...you reed again the post 1313

On the subject of the platforms ...

I don´t know

I have never trusted the brookers ... I have no idea what they can manipulate the market

more trust in banks

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
cavenlee...

eur-chf

which was the low of day 5 september?.... 1.2013?

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
porfirio

my eur chf low of that day is 1.20580

so your platform is from bank ??

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
45 difference ... that's impossiblethese guys do what they want with us

no, it is not a bank

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
hi porfirio , is this a valid entry for this pair ?

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
hi cavenlee

No... you must wait fractal in d1.... and go h4 stoch for sell

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
cavenlede...you should've entered (d1-h4) the day 9

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
hi porfirio

got it , will keep follow up , thanks for sharing ya

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
porfirio, your stoch setting is excellent...it really helps to take the trades....​

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
hi porfirio

pls comment this one , thx !

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
hi cavenlee

I would keep apart ... I do not care to enter

the trend is changing.... you must wait

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
hi porfirio

this is my analysis for the A-J , if another fractal at the top at H4 should be place a sell order right ?

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
NO, cavenlee.....you have not understood

should be the language ... I do not express

TF upper gives trend with fractals............. fractals only tf upper

TF lower gives entrance (stoch)

you read the post 1224-1225

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Im sorry for let u misunderstand, is my express problem

i understand your explaination, wat i mean  is this pair begin form a down trend in D1 right ?

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
cavenlee...example very simple------ uc...mn-w1

aj.... is likely to go down but we must wait

remember ... look fractals only the TF upper

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Thank you for the explain porfirio, i will keep update my post to let u verify

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Cavenlee... continue with the example UC

had two entries in UC

the first ... Mn-w1 ...1 september (chart above)

the second ... W1-d1... 7 september (close... would have touched TP)

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
thanks porfirio , i think i will post some real entry example see whether my idea is correct thanks again for the explaination

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
hi porfirio

this is E-A weekly and daily

and  E-G daiy and H4 , pls comment

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
EA.... I prefer wait fractal in d1 for buy... d1-h4

EG... in theory the buy was good ... d1-h4

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
hi porfirio

you buy this pair also ?

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
HI CAVENLEE

E-gbp...close TP

C-CHF....I prefer wait  d1-h4

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Hi porfirio

y c-chf is sell in daily ? Is because stoch in daily going to down ?

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
c-chf... I don´t like for buy (d1-h4)... I prefer wait

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
no, cavenlee

not by stoch... stoch in d1 I don´t care

It is the figure, fractals (in d1 down fractal), trendlines, bb (h4)

I prefer clear configurations

if I doubt ... I don´t go

It is a matter of practice

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
cavenlee...

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Noted!

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
hi porfirio

from this situation , is it suitable to place a buy order ?

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Hi Mr P, thanks for the good work you re doing here. I want to seek your opinion on this weekly eurcd set up for long.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
hi fx...

I prefer to wait for buy... d1-h4

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
hi porfirio

last time u mention this pair , now is time for sell ?

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
hi cavenlee

sorry, I did not see your question about usd-fch

is complicated to explain in another language ....

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
cavenlee...now cad-chf

rarely happens if you look good ... I do not sell

why? I want to see the candles losing strength

I like fractals that form triangles ... and this was not the case

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Hi porfirio

ok~~ i think i just need alot of practice

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
time flies ...

within a couple of months you'll do very well

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
I will try my best to keep doing this well , thank you for the guiding also 💪💪

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Cavenlee, sometimes goes wrong ...EN.yesterday

see what happens ...

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
cavenlee... look UC..d1-h4 buy

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Hi porfirio

I aslo analyse this morning ,but in H4 stoch show entry?

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
yes, cavenlee... very clear

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
hi porfirio

i don take the trade because i saw the stoch did not break the 20, so the stoch below the 20 also can place the order ?

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Cavenlee

also, There is  divergence in h4

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Hi Mr, P

I discovered that candle data/setup differ for must brokers. I could not find the basis for your analysis on usdcad until i downloaded the deltastock platform. what is your take on this. Again your chart is identical to that of Cvenlee, is there a post where u posted a template 4 this system. I Have searched but could not find it.

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
Is this ndjpy h/4h set up valid?

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Again this.4h/1h. pls whats your analysis?

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
hi fx

nzd-jpy...19 september was buy... d1-h4.... now nothing

h4-h1... cad-chf...no input ... I see nothing

also, I don´t like h4-h1 (I use it only exceptionally if the candle is very large d1)

template... post

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
post 1231

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
ok, i now understand. tanx a lot

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
ok fx

look...

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Yeh, I can see. tanx a lot,

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
post 1351.... EN-d1-h4

look stoch h4.... is better the second buy (today 24.00hr)... the stochastic is better placed

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Good analysis for eurnd, i actually spotted and traded it.

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
hi guys

A-J for H4-H1 , hope is correct

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
hi cavenlee

day September 22 was a very clear sell... d1-h4.... you had been given enough pips for the week

I do not use h1-h4

I do not understand because you complicate your life with h4-h1

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Hi porfirio

i was wrong about the N-J H4-H1

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
ahh ok, sorry

nj...d1-h4...post 1364

now...

I'll make an exception because I do not use h1-h4

h4-h1 ... you need a fractal up in h4 (see picture)

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Masterful

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Saw this set up late. what do u think Mr. P?

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
Hi fx

your still the fractales consecutively... Important

you wait w1-d1

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
ok. thnks

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Hey Porfirio,

I just want to let you know that you are a true genius like Einstein! You might not see it now but you have discovered the best entry method for counter-trend fractal trading and this can really get us in some very profitable trades with minimal draw down.

Fractals have always been my favorite way of entering but for a long time I stopped using them. Thanks to you, I am getting back to using them and I'm glad I did!

Thank you very much for your contributions to the Thread

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Yes, Cavenlee92 you are starting to understand it now, keep up the good work!

I think if we use the D1/H4 combination we might be able to get in fractal swings earlier and be able to stay in longer.

I'm going to try this:Wait for Fractals to appear on the Daily charts first After getting the signal, drop down to the lower 4 Hour charts and check out and confirm the Stochastics for proper OB/OS levels Wait for any pullbacks or retracement to complete (if necessary) Set My Pending Stop Order(s) in the direction of the current fractal from the Daily Then switch back to the upper/higher time frame chart {Daily charts} and hold my positions for several days until it looks like another opposite fractal forms again while monitoring the Daily chart Then rinse and repeat in the opposite direction [repeating steps 1-5] and ride the next fractal swing (trend leg) for more pips

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
But yes, any of these chart combinations would be great:Monthly fractal signal appears then drop down to the Weekly for entry if Stochastics is Overbought/Oversold Weekly fractal signal appears then drop down to the Daily for entry if Stochastics is Overbought/Oversold Daily fractal signal appears then drop down to the 4H for entry if Stochastics is Overbought/Oversold 4H fractal signal appears then drop down to the 1H for entry if Stochastics is Overbought/Oversold 1H fractal signal appears then drop down to the 30M for entry if Stochastics is Overbought/Oversold I would not go any lower than the 1H/30M combination if I was a scalper or day trader.

But for me, I prefer longer term charts (Monthly, Weekly and Daily) and like to hold my positions for days, weeks and even months and collect as many pips as possible without looking at the charts and staring at the computer screen all day

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
hi guys

i just spott a chance to entry , hope it is correct way

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
hi money,

Bill Williams is the genius ... he created fractals

hi cavenlee, good buy

I also from last night... worries me is the resistance

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
NJ-------------forget to buy

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
cadchf worth waiting to sell...pinbar 1h and at resistance level....! buy above 8610...or on 50% retracement ...IMHO

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
10/20 ema cross you can enter early

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
hi shinewel

is another strategy ... interesting ... good job

I will study

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Hi shinewel

Can you explain how to entry using your strategy?and white and red dot is fractal?

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Interesting system is there any EA for this?

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
hi guys

just spott EurCad ,don know whether is correct or not

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
AudCad

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
hi cavenlee...

sale is good according to the rules...

BUT...

I'll give you two reasons why I have not entered (grafico)

SELECT YOUR TICKETS ... SEE THE POST WHERE THERE RECTANGLE GREY (SOPORTE-RESISTANCE)

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Ac....then, now i can not

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
ok porfirio noted ,cancel the E - C already

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
hi cavenlee....AC... I don´t like now

9 september was sell d1-h4 (look post)

now...

sale is good according to the rules...d1-h4

BUT...

I look for harmony in the graphics ... harmony in zigzag... harmony in fibo

in this case the price has fallen much ... no harmony

is not easy to explain in another language

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
zigzag... the retacment is very small...not even touch 23%

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Hi porfirio

i think i understand what u said ,beside the rule we still need to consider the retractment of the trend whether is nice or not right?

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
YES FRIEND!!

minimum 38%

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Cavenlee...

Pips potential... W1-d1

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
thank you porfirio , i will trying use fibo next time for the retractment !!

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
hi porfirio

the retractment is 50% and the rule also valid , is this correct ?

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
hi cavenlee

yes friend... but fractal against in d1-h4 EJ...but  made an exception and buy

there are more entries...chf-jpy, cad-jpy....

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
yes porfirio

i did buy E-J and Chf-Jpy , because the Cad-Jpy fibonacci retractment did not touch the 38.2% so i don trade it

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
cj... touch 61% friend

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
maybe my drawing is wrong ?

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
not wrong, Cavenlee, could also be interpreted as you have done

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Thank you porfirio, great thread, following you with great interest

cheers

hannele

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
the "z" filter entries

last week I had to put two orders

and entering the first to be met... in this case buy limit 97.02

this week redraws the "z"  (previous post)

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
cj...d1-h4...this week

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
ej...d1-h4..."z" filter

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Hi Porfirio,

Could you explain the concept of your "z" filter and how do I know when to draw one on the chart and how does it help us?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
you can draw z to confirm the entry ... I really do not use it

look w1-d1-h4 (October 10)

w1 Price  out of ema10 ... will return to ema1o ... that point is tp

look d1-h1-h4 ... (17october)

d1 away from ema10... price will return to ema10 .... this point will be the tp

this gentleman - CATEXTRACT89- opened my eyes ... read the thread and stay with the CONCEP that gave ... after you apply it your way
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=503943

for z... http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=506637

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Thanks mate will check it out

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
hi porfirio

is this a correct drawing for the Z- transform ?

i saw your post ,seems like you did not use stoch to entry the trade anymore ,may you share your idea how you enter the trade ?

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
That may be a good idea and even with the Fractal method as well from Porfirio.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Even better. I prefer Stop Orders rather than Limit Orders.

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
I'm re-upping this quote from the thread starter Bob just to remind everyone of a great way to filter out false signals. Thanks to Bob, Taru and Porfirio and many others on this thread I have gained much needed insight.

But the question is why did so many of the earlier contributors give up on this method and thread when it does indeed work?

All you need is some sort of filters and use the higher time frames. I'm even considering taking what Porfirio has laid out with the fractals/stochastic combination and even starting from the MONTHLY chart and then drop down to the Weekly to look for OB/OS levels on the Oscillator and get even bigger profit targets.

Don't give up when you are on the right track and don't let a few losing trades throw you off the path!

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Re-up!

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Re-up!

You see, this is the key...

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
You see, this man is smart.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
ya! i agree ! he already show the right path how to trade , just need more time to understand about this whole system

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Yep, you are also right! I am in the process of putting something together and trying to help build on his methods. I just need more time to test it all and then I can come back and share what I have discovered...

A few more tweaks and I will be set. I won't need to look at any more systems or methods. Whatever works and makes consistent pips I'm sticking with it and forgetting everything else.

See ya around my friend

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
glad to hear someone still belive in this system, i hope you can success and looking forward your great news !!

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Thanks so much for ur wonderful system.

Pls, am I correct in entry from daily and 4H attached?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Pls where do I place the take profit?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
I fail t understand your attitude Why nt devote some few hrs and g through the few pages f this goldmine before u start asking questions Eg Mr P is nt a great fan f trading against trend

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Sorry sir, I have gone thr pages 60-72. I now realized  I was not meant to have asked the question.

It is really a goldmine.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
Hi, does anyone still use the Semafor trading method with success?  I've read through every page today and am surprised this thread has had no replies for a long time.  I particularly want to hear from Taru as his/her approach sounded good. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
i want ask question about the semafor. this my question if semafor is going donw on 4hours and is going up on Daily chart and weekly chart what should i do?


===== 附件下载链接 =====

000_3_Level_ZZ_Semafor_TRO_MODIFIED_VERSION.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1340579?d=1388989275
semafor trading.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1345000?d=1389404868
semafor trading.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1346093?d=1389613870
000_3_Level_ZZ_Semafor_TRO_MODIFIED_VERSION.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1346094?d=1389613875
SemaphorTrue2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1350976?d=1390142891
!SM_BPCT.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1353096?d=1390379745
FastTMALine.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1353123?d=1390383045
iHistory v1.8.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1353234?d=1390391743
###Gann_HiLo_Activator###.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1354203?d=1390479789
Multi purpose trade manager.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1355597?d=1390618651
part close be 50 0.2 lot.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1355598?d=1390618814
_nonlagdot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1355801?d=1390677376
Trade_Simulator_Files.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1355802?d=1390677617
Trade_Simulator_Installer.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1355803?d=1390677635
HeikenAshi_DM.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1357029?d=1390883810
Support-Resistance.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1357030?d=1390883844
SR Weekly Lines.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1357031?d=1390883881
SRLines.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1357032?d=1390883886
SupDem.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1357033?d=1390883927
Balls_Dashboard.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1360124?d=1391182043
Balls_Dashboard.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1360125?d=1391182050
balls_dashboard.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1360126?d=1391182054
SemaphorTrue2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1360127?d=1391182061
SemaphorTrue2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1360128?d=1391182066
Balls_Dashboard.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1361485?d=1391440464
Balls_Dashboard.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1361486?d=1391440469
_nonlagdot.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1361843?d=1391465928
_nonlagdot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1361844?d=1391465933
Balls_Dashboard.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1361845?d=1391465937
Balls_Dashboard.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1361846?d=1391465942
SemaphorTrue2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1361847?d=1391465946
SemaphorTrue2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1361848?d=1391465952
Balls_Dashboard.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1365560?d=1391943964
Balls_Dashboard.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1365561?d=1391943968
Balls_Dashboard.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1366567?d=1392104092
Balls_Dashboard.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1366568?d=1392104098
Balls_Dashboard.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1366839?d=1392123812
Balls_Dashboard.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1366840?d=1392123818
Balls_Dashboard.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1367508?d=1392194179
Balls_Dashboard.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1367510?d=1392194205
000_3_Level_ZZ_Semafor_TRO_MODIFIED_VERSION.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1367516?d=1392194464
MA in Color.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1369523?d=1392403344
Balls_Dashboard.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1370545?d=1392659708
Balls_Dashboard.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1370546?d=1392659725
NonLag ma nrp 2 & bars.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1374086?d=1393114280
NonLag ma nrp nmc.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1374103?d=1393129744
Balls_Dashboard.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1376333?d=1393453409
Balls_Dashboard.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1376334?d=1393453416
SemaphorTrue2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1376335?d=1393453438
SemaphorTrue2 (1).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1376336?d=1393453449
semaforo-w1-d1.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1376341?d=1393454218
PivotCustom_4TimeFrames_ThinLines.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1376344?d=1393454433
### semaphore.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1376945?d=1393518618
#### sem 4hr.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1376946?d=1393518649
#### sem daily.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1376947?d=1393518664
Balls_Dashboard.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378311?d=1393755473
Balls_Dashboard.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1378312?d=1393755479
positionsizecalculator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1382962?d=1394392254
ForexCalculator.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1383461?d=1394465639
ZZ non repaint_EDU.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1386579?d=1394807695
ZZ non repaint_EDU.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1386580?d=1394807699
ForexCalculator.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1387735?d=1395068870
Risk Calculation.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1387736?d=1395068930
CCFp.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1396293?d=1396230637
PZ_DayTrading.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1398691?d=1396510686
TMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1398885?d=1396525106
false filter.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1402365?d=1396978927
TMA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1402460?d=1396987217
#onehrtf.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1403496?d=1397079493
!!! sonic 2014 1hr.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1404074?d=1397131012
Eitan's version.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1405290?d=1397239841
iHistory v1.8.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1405572?d=1397305888
TDI_mtf+alerts b600+.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1410139?d=1397852634
3_Level_ZZ_Semafor.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1423972?d=1399716079
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1424070
3ZZ.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1426287?d=1400049632
3_Level_ZZ_Semafor.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427048?d=1400106250
3_Level_ZZ_Semafor_MTF.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427049?d=1400106255
CustomCandle_MTF.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427050?d=1400106259
2014 SonicR Indys & Tmpls.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427498?d=1400152969
Zigzag2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427611?d=1400159227
Zigzag2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427612?d=1400159231
ATeam-3ZigzagLevel.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427613?d=1400159236
ATeam-3ZigzagLevel.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427615?d=1400159241
3_Level_ZZ_Semafor_II_MODIFIED_VERSION.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427828?d=1400169536
3_Level_ZZ_Semafor_II_MODIFIED_VERSION.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1427829?d=1400169541
Trendchannel.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1429526?d=1400470767
positionsizecalculator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1430940?d=1400621142
Buy n Sell w SL TP PrSL PrTP MM MultiLots.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1430956?d=1400622290
ExtremeTMALine.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1433828?d=1400968417
Synergy_APB.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1433829?d=1400968455
aaa.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1433835?d=1400969757
SemaphorTrue2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1434355?d=1401088798
SemaphorTrue2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1434356?d=1401088813
MACD_Platinum.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1439128?d=1401702187
SemaphorTrue2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1441752?d=1401966664
NB-channel.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1453963?d=1403600236
swing_zz.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1455228?d=1403697621
3_Level_ZZ_Semafor.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1463992?d=1404814068
3_Level_ZZ_Semafor_Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1463993?d=1404814072
3_Level_ZZ_Semafor_TRO_MODIFIED_VERSION~.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1463994?d=1404814077
GG-TrendBar.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1475892?d=1406232447
2tf-fractals.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1490061?d=1408035873
sFractals - email.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1490990?d=1408168529
#4X 3 Semafor Alert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1496727?d=1409023539
