===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Edit: 2018.11.10 - most recent version  Attached File(s)   ULTRON_OP_1.mq4

2 KB
|
7,007 downloads
|
Uploaded Nov 10, 2018 10:11am

Working long-term EA for GBPUSD H1 in less than 100 lines of code. You can test it, use it, etc. By long term I mean profits are generated in long-term, because EA itself is a day trader.

There is always max one trade active, always sl and tp, EA is active in day hours (at least in Europe, so make sure that you use timezone the same as for example Tickmill broker). Also my algo is very selective, so it's not that there is always active trade or something, but 58% win ration in the last 7 years with tp and sl 50 pips each is enough to make money. It's better than most human traders anyway, but it's not making 100% return in one month... yet.

The attached picture is for high leverage but of course, you can change it. Btw. the graph is showing period since 2011.10.25 to 2018.10.25. Test on 25yo period was positive too, but the slope was not so impressive without modifications (market back then was less violate).

Here is a video of the last year backtest, no bullshit.
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Hi Pawel:

Please, because it orders buy / sell just if the Volume[0]  is less than 1.

This only happens the first seconds at the start of each Time Frame (i.e. H1)

What is the logic in this issue?

Thank in advance ...

--- 帖子 #3 ---
I think that you made a great job, I´ll take a closer look at it and start also demo.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
This part of the code is actually not useful at second thought, because the program is looking at last closed bar anyway.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Last bar for no repaint?

Can autor also tell it's work for mt5 ? Our only mt4?

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Upgrade, better profit profit factor, and less volatility of the balance slope.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
I don't know, it's a simple code, you can write it for mt5 for sure.

Last bar for no repaint of course.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Thanks for sharing

Will forward test on 5000 demo account and report back results

--- 帖子 #9 ---
WOW, you went from lots=0.1 to lots=10?  that is 100 times the number of lots ... is that intentional?

--- 帖子 #10 ---
It's not, you can change it.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Do you have version for mt5 ? Its hard to change it ?

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Subs. Thanks and

Regards

--- 帖子 #13 ---
No Panie kolego - dobra robota! Będę testował w najbliższych dniach. Pozdrowienia!

--- 帖子 #14 ---
I don't have it, I don't know what's the difference between mt4 EA and mt5 EA.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Can you, please, tell us some basic rules of this EA ? Does it also work on other pairs ?

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Get error when use on mt5 terminal

--- 帖子 #17 ---
It just open position when there is a strong move, that's all. Because there is also ma50 it goes with the trend. If you play with the trend and act when something is happening, then you have statistical advantage over the randomness of the market. Don't try to catch downs and hills, just go with the flow.

It may work with others pairs, but it needs recalibration. Each pair has different range of motion.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
thanks for the share, testing it out

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Pawel,

When can you have the EA ready for M1 and M5? The EA is working great on H1. Here are my results for this week. Up 13% trading .1 lot size on a $1,000 demo account.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Hi Pawel,

Great work! I like the simplicity. Basically it is a mixture of going with the trend and momentum. I am testing ultron.ex4 live at the moment with 0.05 lots. I recognized that the first version ultron.ex4 is way better in backtest than the second version ultron1.2.ex4. Did you also recognized that? Cheers and keep up the good work

--- 帖子 #21 ---
If it is working great on H1, why would you want to have EA for M1 and M5.  that will have alot of noise and false entries I am sure. Be happy and content with what you got, FOR FREE

Just a word of advice, risking 0.1  on a 1000 account seems to be too much (with about 50 pip SL) you are risking 5% of the account per trade ... just my 2 cents

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Paste this into a code to function

CheckForBuy and CheckForSell

if(Volume[0]>25) return;

Actually, it was necessary to have this because otherwise, it can open a trade in the middle of next candle which is bad. My mistake

--- 帖子 #23 ---
This EA is not scalable to m1 and m5. I'm working on making some ea for a low timeframe, but it's just a "for fun" project so I'm working on it in my free time. I'm not sure if you will earn more on m1 or m5, it's easier to make something with good % of winning trades on the higher time frames. Also, Ultron is my first EA ever, so I'm still learning how to code in mql4, I have some ideas, but I'm not good enough programmer to make them real... yet

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Hi Pawel, thank's for your EA is good working...

if you have a lot of good ideas, I can help make the coding but your idea must really be able to generate profits, don't waste my efforts on doing it.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
how much minimum deposit required?

i will try it on demo account for 1 month

--- 帖子 #26 ---
.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Hi Pawel,

Subscribed. Thanks for sharing UltronEA with the community.  Very KISS approach.

Two questions:

1. for the code change mentioned above, if(Volume[0]>25) return  what lines numbers should it be pasted to?

Lines 30 and 39?

2. Should there be ; after return? So it would read    if(Volume[0]>25) return;

Will run forward testing on demo acct.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Here is a fixed version for those who don't know how to do it

--- 帖子 #29 ---
It's hard to tell if they will work without hardcore testing, you know that on the market there is no "maybe". If I will have more data I will contact you  Also I treat this "hobby" as a learning experience so it's not a big deal if I will have to learn more to write them.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Hello Gentleman, i am following the Ultron EA progress would like to test it live?

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Wow, fast response. Thanks Pawel.

Since I want to test on multiple pairs, another change I made was to make the magic number user setable.

//#define MAGICMA  20131111

input double lots =0.01;

input int hour1 = 6;

input int hour2 = 21;

input int MAGICMA = 20131111;

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Pawel, there's a way to contact you? I have a very old EA that i created making mistakes with a builder online... It's a disaster but inside the disaster there's something great happening. I'm not able to code (that's why i was using a builder) and so i can't isolate and refine this little magic that i see in the behaviour of the EA. Can you analyze it and help me, maybe adding the idea to your EAs?

This is a 4 years backtest on EURGBP 2014-2017 with 10000 Euro capital and 2% risk... Totally unusable at the moment because it's something out of control. Anyway it can clearly shows what i mean. A mistake has lead to some very powerful trend following situations that, even inside a completely wrong EA can give this result with a winning rate of just 28.45%.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sorry for the off-topic, I hope we can work on it

--- 帖子 #33 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Very nice -- thank you, Pawel.Gawron. Most of the EAs I download and test rarely perform as well as the author claims -- this one does. Given its simplicity -- really quite interesting...

I noticed the same thing. After poking around I found it was due to "lots = 10;". When I changed

input double lots =10;

to

input double lots =0.01;

or

input double lots =0.1;

Then the second version did perform better.

Also, I can confirm the current version of the EA does seem to work best with GBPUSD/H1 -- at least from back testing.

I'll experiment with MT4 optimization to see if anything interesting falls out.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
The 'input' definition means that this is changeable on your user interface anyway. 10 is just the default value that will show before you edit it for the first time.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
add auto lot funtion please

--- 帖子 #37 ---
I know -- I've been developing EAs for a few years. If you read my post, the problem isn't with using 'input' but, rather, using a lot size of '10'. That is HUGE -- and some brokers won't permit a lot size that big -- hence, the EA doesn't trade.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
@Pawel.Gawron -- the more I experiment with your EA the more intrigued I become.

I've uploaded a modified version of the EA here:
Attached File(s)   ULTRON-3.1.mq4

4 KB
|
2,385 downloads

A list of the changes I made:

1. Modified the format a bit to make it easier for me to understand the code -- hope you don't mind.

2. Parameterized the following settings: MA periods, lot size, hours, and magic number (taken from @northwind, above)

3. Removed the hard-coded '60' so that it can be used with any time frame

Using MT4 optimizer I found I could improve statistics even further -- e.g. profit factor > 2 and Win Ratio > 60%. Also, using the proper settings, the EA can be used with other pairs and time frames.

For those who are familiar with using MT4's back tester and optimizer I would encourage you to experiment a bit -- you might be pleasantly surprised. And for those who are not familiar with how to back test or optimize, then I encourage you to spend 5 minutes and learn how to.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Your post makes no sense. What you're basically saying is that if I make an EA that defaults to 0.1, then make version b that defaults to 1.0, I can fool you into thinking that I've made my EA 10x better...

This '10' is adjustable in the inputs interface, and should be adjusted to the same value that the first version was for any comparisons. Infact, if you ran it the first time, changed this code then recompiled with the same name, it wouldn't even change the value for you.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
@Penguin -- please learn to read.

I was responding to @CKobi's comment that the second version didn't work as well as the first. I diff'd the first and second versions and found that the hard-coded '10' was the problem.

The fact that my code snippets include 'input' is beside the point -- the second version of the EA posted by @Pawel.Gawron did not use 'input'.

Hey -- if you want to readjust the '10' to something smaller every time you run the EA then be my guest -- set it to '1000' if you like. My preference is for the default value to be something that works.

Gee whiz...

--- 帖子 #41 ---
"..fool you into thinking that I've made my EA 10x better" -- what are you talking about?

The lot size does not affect the statistics -- or, at least shouldn't. However, many brokers do limit the maximum lot you can trade when opening a new position.

I just now noticed your text signature is "Will code in MT5 for free.. EAs only, can't be f*cked with Indicators" -- hmmm...

Sorry I got involved with this thread -- Adios...

--- 帖子 #42 ---
i put ULTRON.ex4  in incators and ULTRON.mp4 in experts? is ths right?

thanks

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Both are same. You can just use ex4

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Please don't be deterred by negative comments. Your contribution is important.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
sl/tp 30 / ema

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Thanks Pawel for sharing and to Robots for the upgrade, will give it a whirl on demo next week, hopefully it will bring in some greenies!

--- 帖子 #47 ---
2018 to Date:

Pretty good.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   Test2.pdf

77 KB
|
712 downloads

Cheers

--- 帖子 #48 ---
This is an interesting EA and it back-tests well -- however, a couple of points to be aware of:

1. The strategy only opens orders. The way that orders eventually get closed is via SL or TP. And this is fine -- however, it means that orders can and will be open for long periods of time. Use the 'visual mode' of MT4's strategy tester and you will see what I mean.

2. The reason why a lot size of '10' is a big mistake is related to point (1) above. Since trades are closed via SL (or TP) that means that first SL will be huge and blow-up the account -- unless you've set the 'Initial Deposit' in the back testing account to $1,000,000. But don't do that -- keep it reasonable, like under $10,000. That is, with an initial deposit of $10,000 and using a lot size of '10' the account will blow-up on the first SL. That is why you should use a smaller lot size -- e.g. 0.1 or 0.01. And that is one of the changes I made in the modified EA I posted earlier.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Make it % based risk and everything will be fine

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Agree.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
ADJUSTED FOR BROKER GMT OFFSET:

Better results.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Excellent idea.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Hi,

Could any one know how to set up adjust broker GMT OFFSET. Please give me  detail ,I'm  not know how to do its. My local GMT-5  (Central time)

I appreciate for it detail.

Thank

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Of course, nobody will allow such big positions but here is a version with lot value that is flexible and changes according to the account size.

By default, it's for account 10000usd but it's changeable by the user.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #55 ---
+1

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Hi,

Just wanted to say thanks for sharing this promising EA.

GREAT work thus far!!!!

Risk based approach seems interesting, also it should be easy to automate within the EA the broker GMT offset time by checking broker server time and adjust accordingly.

My results on back test mirror what the you guys are getting so that is awesome.

Will be following along closely.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Ok, I admit this shows me to be very inexperienced, but this whole BROKER TIME thing confuses me. Right now I am using TRADERS WAY. I am in the US, Central Time Zone, same as Chicago.

It appears as though my time zone (US, CST) is 6 hours behind GMT. Meaning, right now it is 3:45 PM November 4 and GMT is 9:45 PM November 4. So, that being the case, what should the settings be on the EA. Right now it say Hour 1 =6 and Hour 2=21. What, exactly, does that mean?

Do I have to change it?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
@marc82 = " EA is active in day hours (at least in Europe, so make sure that you use timezone the same as for example Tickmill broker). " = post 1

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Me too -- though, perhaps I can shed some light.

Most brokers's servers are set up for GMT+0 or GMT+2. From Googling I can see that Tickmill (@Pawel's broker) uses GMT+2. The chances are your broker also uses GMT+2 -- so, there is nothing you need to do.

If your broker uses GMT+0 (which is two hours behind GMT+2) then you could increment the 'hour1' and 'hour2' parameters by 2 hours. However, in my hands, these parameters don't make much difference.

The bar data (i.e. OHLC data) arrives from your broker with their server's timestamps. Your local time has nothing to do with it. Your local time only comes into play when manually trading -- e.g. suppose you decide that you favor market conditions when the London banks are open. The UK is currently 6 hours ahead of Central time. So, if you want to trade 8a-2p London time then you'll need to wake up early and trade 2a-8a your time.

When using EAs you don't need to worry about this since most brokers use GMT+2 and your EA doesn't need to sleep.

One last point -- this has to do when trading MANUALLY using the H4 time frame. When trading H4 the GMT+0 and GMT+2 bars arrive at your PC at different local times -- again, GMT+0 is 2 hours behind. This could have a big affect on your trading because GMT+0 bars could be missing some important market events. This is only a problem with H4.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Great idea! Thanks fo sharing!

--- 帖子 #61 ---
wouldn´t be better to have all the parameters (SL,TP etc) on the EA in order to optimize it better? I run it live with 0,01 just to see the bahaviour in reality.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
I'm not sure about hard-coded parameters (tp, sl, m3m4, etc.). Playing with, very sensitives.

Looks like overfitted strategy.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
it could be worth a try. It could work also with other pairs (like GBPCHF)... I changed already the TP and SL (my SL is slightly larger than the TP for example) in MQ, but I am not a coder and it takes to much time to test the best settings like this. Just my 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Might sound like a stupid question, but how would I load the Ultronexe file into my MT4 Experts tab? Thanks!

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Nevermind! I figured it out.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Hello,

i wanted to know if this system can really work.

on MT4 it looks really good, even on MT5 it looks not bad.

but i dont understand your code right.
Inserted Code     if(AccountBalance()>ExponentialFactorIncrease*AccountSize){
lots=lots*ExponentialFactorIncrease;
AccountSize=AccountSize*ExponentialFactorIncrease;
}
if(AccountBalance()<ExponentialFactorDecrease*AccountSize){
lots=lots*ExponentialFactorDecrease;
AccountSize=AccountSize*ExponentialFactorDecrease;
}

what you want to tell us here, this only works in backtest. If you close your MT4 the previous lots are gone. Also my broker do not accept this lot number, i have to cut it to 2 digits

Inserted Code void CheckForSell(double dStopLoss, double dTakeProfit)
{

if(Volume[0]>25) return;
int res=OrderSend(Symbol(),OP_SELL,lots,Bid,20 /*slippage*/,dStopLoss,dTakeProfit,"",MAGICMA,0,Red);
return;
}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//|                                                                  |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
void CheckForBuy(double dStopLoss, double dTakeProfit)
{

if(Volume[0]>25) return;
int res=OrderSend(Symbol(),OP_BUY,lots,Ask,20 /*slippage*/,dStopLoss,dTakeProfit,"",MAGICMA,0,Blue);
return;

}

maybe i'm wrong here, its long time ago that i coded mql4

does the trade only will taken, if the actual volume is below 25 ticks?

i run it on GU 1h chart.

this year on MT4 it has 70 trades, on MT5 it has 215, im sure i did the code translation right

the only difference in the screenshot from MT5, i used fix Lots and a trailing stop, without trailing stop the result is less

amando

--- 帖子 #67 ---
No trades for me today, anybody else?

--- 帖子 #68 ---
None here.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
How is the live testing going CKobi?

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Hi, Thanks for sharing EA, I test it and it was very good for GU H1 only, I am EA programmer and can help to optimize this EA.

IF you want any extras i can do it for free.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
yes, yesterday on my live account. It closed this morning with a win.

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Any chance to add TP,SL and trailing in the inputs?

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Good to hear this.

Still waiting for a live trade!.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Nice one,

maybe I'll have some luck today!

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Hey krismitt, I am on a business trip at the moment. I will check it tomorrow evening and inform you afterwards.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #76 ---
I had a trade yda, a winner EUR/USD - went long and closed out with $4.89 profit on .01 lot. Real money.

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Of course, I'm running this live on a micro lot account. So far 4 trades, 3 profitable. But do not consider this as a "valid" test so far, because it's a long-term strategy. If it has something like 55% win ratio over last 7 years and slightly higher tp than sl, it means that it needs at least a few months of testing to say anything about how it behaves on the real market.

I do not touch anything, it's just working without my supervision. That one UJ pending order was placed by mistake when I was doing something else.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #78 ---
I am using it as I got it, no changes. I am using version 3.3 Exponential, is that the best iteration to use? I have the charts set on H1. Running it on all 28 Major Pairs, plus XAU/USD and XAG/USD.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Pretty good result with v3.3 Exponential.

Test period 1 yr, $1000 start, 0.1 lot, the rest is default.

+200% profit in 1 year is very good considering its only 1 pair, and the DD was not unreasonable.

This EA has potential.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Hi, I added GMT , Takeprofit and Stoploss and Optimize codes

--- 帖子 #81 ---
You have to be careful with this version because if you shut down mt4 you have to manually put data into EA about current account size and how much lot it should use.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
If the entry size is fixed, then you should re-run the test with the starting point just before the major drop ... the survival might be at the limit.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
added information panel to version 3.1

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Could someone please add percentage to capital based position sizing and re-run a longer period test?

--- 帖子 #85 ---
great job! I´ll start to test/optimize it.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Where would I make these changes? This is all I have that is user editable, at least that I can see.

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Added TP and SL. Version 3.1.2

(for 3 and 5 characters auto-tuning, no need to change)

--- 帖子 #88 ---
I don't get what you asking.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Set the starting period of the back testing just before the trade that generated the biggest dd.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #90 ---
no bad

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Харошоя работа Павел.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Cheers.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Хорошая работа, Павел. Профита тебе!

--- 帖子 #94 ---
How do we get this to run 24/7?

--- 帖子 #95 ---
no EA works 24/7

--- 帖子 #96 ---
1. Turn on your computer with yours broker mt4 installed.

2. Open GBPUSD H1 chart - real/demo account.

3. Open Navigator panel and double-click on my EA.

4. Do not turn off mt4 and/or your computer.

If the PC will go off, then you have to repeat the process, but as long as you keep it going on, everything should be fine.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Not quite what I meant,

what I mean is how do we make it trade 24/7 as I can only mainly trade the Asian session

Thanks

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Just remove hour parameter from this program. But if you will use it on Asian session then you will lose your money. Each pair has its own time, and GU is often too quiet during Asian session.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

- 1k acc/0.1lot

- removed the time filter to let it run on all the sessions

- I also could get to a 8.5% dd and 1.3k profit

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

- kept the code as is with the time filter, dynamic lot size, 1k acc

- I also could get a lower dd like 15% but the profit of only 2.5k

This is after adding a few lines of my code to the existing one (default settings) and run few tests, no time for optimization, sorry for not saying much. Maybe this will motivate you guys to keep on going.

One important thing: the results are not so impressive if the test is run on a 3y period ... only the last year give good results.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
I wanted to give it a try hope setted correctly

--- 帖子 #101 ---
It doesn't make any difference how it traded 3 years ago -- you trade in the present (unless you have a time machine).

No EA trades the same over long stretches of time. An EA uses indicators that are simple algebraic formulas with one constant (sometimes more than one). That one constant is optimized for a particular period of time -- e.g. the last 4 months. Since market conditions change, that one constant should also be "refreshed" by re-optimizing the settings (i.e. the indicator constants) from time-to-time.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Can this EA be run on 2 digit and 3 digit pairs?

I can only test it on 5 digit pairs.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
@bzolmajd -- it was nice that you took the time to make additions -- but you re-wrote the entire EA in your own image. I was curious to look at the changes you made but when I diff'd your version against the previous it was impossible to see what had changed because everything was different.

When you are sharing a piece of code with others it is important to keep in mind you are not alone.  Furthermore, this is not your EA -- it is @Pawel's. It is fine to make incremental changes, but I can't use your code to make further improvements because you changed everything -- and I don't have time to analyze the side-effects.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
@robots4me,,, I did not any changes in his EA, And after these years I know I can not do this , I only sorted the EA codes and put group of codes in different modules for better unbrestanding the job of EA. Thank you for your attention.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Since you said there is only one trade active and the algo is very selective can I know how the trade is being open? what the requirement to make the EA open the trade position? sorry was quite new with that sort of EA.

--- 帖子 #106 ---
true, therefore the EA should have several set of param that will use for a virtual trading and based on last x time period will adjust the entry ... or do a self discovery of best param to use, ... interesting project but very time consuming.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Yes -- settings that make a difference should be exposed as input parameters. Some are, some currently are not. But that is like one line of code and slowly, slowly it's getting there.

As far as "self discovery of best param to use" -- wow, that would be a true game-changer for all EAs that have ever been developed or ever will be developed. It's a nice concept, but no one yet knows how to do it -- so, probably won't be implemented in the next version of this EA.

MT4's strategy tester is usually used to determine the best settings for a defined time period. It's easy enough to use -- people who are not already familiar with it should take 5 minutes to learn how to use it.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Actually there was a try. EA used like 100 different strategies and kept track of each strategy's performance in the last X period of time. The ones that performed poorly was skipped by the EA

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Yes -- a portfolio EA that includes many strategies but runs on a single chart. Very familiar with them -- see Forex Strategy Builder -- an excellent product (https://forexsb.com/).

However, in the case of this EA, when you consider it takes MT4's strategy tester only a minute or two to compute the best parameters for a given data horizon (e.g. 4 months) and you only have to do that once every month or two, then that seems like a more realistic (and practical) approach. Unless someone is really, really too lazy and doesn't mind losing money...

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Strategies were not optimised for a time period, but different market conditions.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
I am running also EURUSD on live , 2 years backtest (99% quality, but still just a test) not bad. Is anyone able to adjust the EA in order to trade/test also Indices? I tried more FX pairs, but for now just GBPUSD and EURUSD are ok.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Where did the data for the 100 different market conditions come from? The only market conditions that matter are the current ones, right? Why would someone use 100 market conditions that differed from the current one?

Also, how would one know which of the 100 strategies is the best performer without actually trading all 100?

What does make sense is to trade 100 strategies in a Demo (or micro Real) account and only allow the best performers to trade in your Real account. However, once you let that run for a month or two and then move on to the Real account, the market conditions may have changed again and the best Demo performer may not perform well in the Real account.

Using MT4's Strategy Tester and optimizer, you can determine the best settings for any pair, any time frame. However, this doesn't mean all pairs and time frames will perform well. This is simple and easy to test and something everyone should know how to do, and not expect others to do it for them.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Quoting ea0setup

Is anyone able to adjust the EA in order to trade/test also Indices?

Using MT4's Strategy Tester and optimizer, you can determine the best settings for any pair, any time frame. However, this doesn't mean all pairs and time frames will perform well. This is simple and easy to test and something everyone should know how to do, and not expect others to do it for them.

I do not expect anything from anyone.... If I ask is because I tested it already with the DAX and it doesn´t open any trade...got it?

--- 帖子 #114 ---
I didnt say 100 different market condition, but strategies. 100 is just a number, i cant remember exactly how many strategies were coded into the EA but it was around 100. EA kept track of performance of trading signals for all strategies without actually putting up an order for the ones that performed poorly in the past X time.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Sorry -- you didn't mention DAX. I assumed you meant other forex instruments. I guess the reason for my sarcastic remark is because you'll notice that about half the questions asked here could have been answered by the poster if they were willing to spend 5 minutes to check for themselves.

Are you using the version of the EA that is hard-coded for GBPUSD or one that supports any symbol (i.e. the current Symbol()).

You said, and I quote: "Strategies were not optimised for a time period, but different market conditions. " So, to me, if strategies are optimized for different market conditions then it means you would need data for those different market conditions. Anyways -- let's let it lie. It's a nice idea.

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Maybe useful indicator

--- 帖子 #117 ---
So the hour parameter is the hour1 and hour2 variable?. So I need to remove the line or need to set value to 0?

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Can you post parameter seting for EU pair ? Thank you

--- 帖子 #119 ---
For any particular symbol and time frame there is no single setting that is best. When using MT4's optimizing feature in Strategy Tester you get hundreds of results, and you have to pick and choose from many possible (and similar) candidates.

It is best to learn how to do this yourself. It would take 5 minutes to learn and less than that to run an optimizing back test.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
I agree entirely with robots4me. Just thinking out loud here; EUR/USD may be quite similar to the GBP/USD, in terms of how the EA may perform. This is due to how similar both trading pairs move throughout the typical daily  trading session. It may in fact, perform similarly to how the initial Ultron EA was designed. I did not do any back-test, however. So......  Just my two cents.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Correcting myself.... it may perform similar to the most recent version of the Ultron EA. I have not given myself enough time to do any back-testing on the original EA that  P  was so graciously willing to provide, however, I would only assume that it will also do quite well.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Third consecutive comment but the last for now; I see a slight top at 1.3173/1.3174. We may see a short trade soon if EA sees fit if parameters keep it within that trading range. European open session will happen within a few hours so lets see what happens from here. Good luck to all

Oh..... and Pawel, thank-you for this interesting and good trading EA. Back testing seems nice. It is something special when someone is willing to take the time and do their own research into something like this and offer it to the masses to try for themselves. Very "Robin Hood" of you! Cheers/Na Zdrowie

--- 帖子 #123 ---
sure, here you go

--- 帖子 #124 ---
here just quick results of the 2 pairs (GU-EU) as portfolio. The GU is much stronger and I was testing with 0,20 lots instead of 1 Lot like in EUR-USD. The performace charts are similary obviously.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
finally the Montecarlo simulation (for what it is worth).

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Nice -- thanks for sharing the test results.

Not only does it show this EA is capable of working well with pairs other than just GBPUSD, but it also shows the benefit of trading a portfolio of strategies. The portfolio chart is much smoother and the Monte Carlo simulation indicates it is fairly robust -- that is, even when perturbations are introduced the performance continues pretty much as before and without much fluctuation.

This continues to look most promising...

--- 帖子 #127 ---
I beleive it was optimized for gbpusd

Trader can optimize it for other pairs too and get better results

--- 帖子 #128 ---
So, is  ULTRON1.2.mq4  lastest version?

--- 帖子 #129 ---
PLs see poat 80 on page 4.that is latest.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Great Work, thank you. Will be testing it on demo

--- 帖子 #131 ---
USDCAD

Version with all inputs

--- 帖子 #132 ---
I tried it at the live account for 2days, not a single entry position was open, is where I'm missing something?

--- 帖子 #133 ---
You're missing patience.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
I'm not missing patience, I just worried I set up the EA wrongly so I would like to have a guide.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
We are all students here. This is not a professional product. You need to be your own guide...

--- 帖子 #136 ---
That's for sure - professional products doesn't work. If somebody wants your money for "winning system" you know that this system is a scam xd

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Which version able to run on 2 digits and 3 digits pairs?

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Why not test it yourself and then let the rest of know what you find?

--- 帖子 #139 ---
No trades for me yet, not even a nibble, it's been running all week on GU 1hr

--- 帖子 #140 ---
If you were to run a GBPUSD back test then you'd see that is the correct behavior. It's not that difficult -- the tools are at your disposal.

It's not a money machine -- it's an algebraic formula that looks for patterns in a series of bars. If the pattern exists, then it opens a trade. If the pattern doesn't exist, then it doesn't open a trade.

If you think the EA is broken then try to figure out why. We are all in the same boat...

--- 帖子 #141 ---
I'm not in any way implying that it's broken, I'm just saying it's not traded yet this week. See what happens next week

--- 帖子 #142 ---
My response came across too harsh -- I apologize.

This is an interesting EA -- extremely simple, yet it continues to back test well in the hands of many different people.  However, it is still very much a work in progress -- and it seems that people don't get that.  @Boo15 -- I'm not referring to you -- but it seems there are a number of people who think this is some sort of Help Desk for a professional product.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
d3xter, as long as you load the EA into the H1 chart, you should be fine. Be aware of the Lot Size though. Trading 1 Lot is too high. It's best to have each trade with a 1-5% risk. Other than that, you should be good to go. Once you load the EA, you have the option to going to the parameters in the EA and changing the lot size and balance size by clicking on the smiley face in the upper right hand corner of the chart. Right below the EA name (ULTRON 3.... whatever.

Hope that helps, cheers

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Hey worries buddy, we are all here to learn and make money in the long run

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Max volume = 25

The 25 means 25 ticks?

--- 帖子 #146 ---
If anyone want to check overfitting state:

-Make a BT with original parameters,

-Make 3/4 BT with little variation on TP, SL, cross levels, ma periods.

Compare results. That will be obvious.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
This EA trades around 5/6 times per month (in average) and the GBP-USD made a trade already this week (there are some red news later today for GBP). I´ll try to test lower timeframes and see if it is worth a try.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
In the first post the author wrote:

"...so my algo is very selective, so it's not that there is always active trade or something, but 58% win ration in the last 7 years with tp and sl 50 pips each is enough to make money"

this explains why the EA is not always active

I loaded the EA on 3 different brokers Forex4You, RoboForex, TickMill (demo versions): and for the period from 5 to 9 November only Forex4You broker had one deal with profit.Moreover, this broker has a 4-digit quote and when the lot is 0.1, the EA continued to work for a profit of $ 121.0 and had to close it manually. But T / P in 68,0 on 4-sign turned into 680.0 $

If there was a trailing stop profit there would be more.In my opinion in the adviser to add:

1.Trailing stop

2. Automatic recognition of 4-digit or 5-digit quotes.

All profits

--- 帖子 #149 ---
How this EA works...

I hope @Pawel doesn't mind if I point out an interesting feature of his Ultron EA.

For its logic, this EA uses a few moving average calculations -- and that's it. There is nothing magical. However, what I find particularly interesting is how it determines Entry and Exit signals.

Most Expert Advisors use indicators (i.e. algebraic formulas) to look for patterns in the incoming OHLC bar data and generate Entry and Exit signals. When an Entry signal is generated then the EA sends a BUY or SELL order to your broker. When an Exit signal is generated then the EA sends a CLOSE order to your broker. But this EA never sends a CLOSE order!!

So, how does it work? When you open a new position by sending a BUY or SELL order to your broker, the order can also include a Stop Loss (SL) and Take Profit (TP). These are "target prices" the broker may use to close the position. If the EA manages its open positions and explicitly sends CLOSE orders, then the SL and TP are not used.

The Ultron EA does not manage its open positions. After sending a BUY or SELL order it simply lets the trade run -- until the SL or TP target price is hit, at which time the broker closes the position. This is a very clever design on @Pawel's part. For one thing, it greatly simplifies the EA since it doesn't need to implement the logic (and code) for detecting close signals. But more importantly, it also means once a new position is opened you don't need to worry about losing Internet connectivity, or your PC losing power, or Windows Update rebooting your machine, or whatever... Since this EA relies solely on SL and TP to close positions and since these are handled by your broker, then you no longer need the EA (or even MT4, for that matter) -- at least until you are ready to trade again.

Most EAs include logic to detect Exit signals and manage CLOSE orders because it results in better performance. In the case of the Ultron EA, it has a Win Ratio of around 0.55 to 0.60 -- which isn't great, but looks to be good enough.

--- 帖子 #150 ---
That's also approximately what I'm seeing. I have briefly experimented with lower time frames (e.g. M15) in the back tester and used optimizing to get the best settings -- and the EA appears to continue to work. But I did that just out of curiosity -- I've learned my lesson more than once to never trade below H1 in a real account, so I don't intend to pursue lower time frames. However, I will likely give H4 a go.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
yes, I agree with you to 100%. I trade usually just in daily, so I am giving a try to this EA on 1H. To test on 4H could make a lot of sense, probably also on other pairs, due minor false signals. Keep us updated please, I´ll do the same.

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Yes -- that is an excellent idea and fits well with the overall design of the EA.

--- 帖子 #153 ---
The EA is testing without errors on lower timeframe, but I get errors on 4H, any advice?

--- 帖子 #154 ---
These types of errors are always hard to figure out -- if ever. Over the weekend I will see if I can reproduce the problem. For now, a few things to try -- though I'm just guessing:

1. How long is the data horizon? Try making it shorter, like just a few months.

2. If you are back testing in a Demo account, switch over to a Real account. For many brokers the back testing data is different in Demo and Real accounts. If you are using 3rd-party tick data -- switch over to your broker's data.

3. If you are using "Open prices only" then try "Control points".

--- 帖子 #155 ---
It looks like it worked testing just a couple of months, I´ll download some quality datas from Tickstory and Ill see if it works. Thanks for your help anyway.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Thanks, now it becomes much clearer.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Thanks man for explanation, I got much clearer view with this EA

--- 帖子 #158 ---
I do not got a sinhgle trade any reason in last two days.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
I think you should read above, I'm asking the same question.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
I see a lot of comments like that so let me explain why you don't have a single trade for a few days.

I will use this analogy - this EA is not acting like a machine gun. It's more like a sniper rifle. In backtest history, it made something like 450 trades in the last 7 years. That means at average it will open one trade per 3-4 days if you exclude weekend time.

If you are looking for some "exciting" EA, that will shot a trade few times per day, then Ultron is not an EA you are looking for. I believe that trading is built upon patience. This is the biggest principle behind strategy such as this one - you do not trade when the market is not offering exactly what you are looking for. You do not trade when you think you should, you trade when conditions are exactly the way you are looking for. This way you are able to build some statistics and see what works and what do not. If you put your order based on some "woo woo" method, you cannot get any statistical data from your trading record.

Now a quick explanation about "how this simple strategy works".

As many knows, there are 4 moving averages inside the program.

50ma is determining a trend. You do not want to open a long trade when the market is going down.

1ma is only for simplification of the code. I could use bar data for this, but that way it's easier. What does it do? it checks if the current price is not too far from ma50. Why? Because you could get a signal after extremally large movement and usually after such events there is pullback before the market will go that direction again.

And finally, there are 2 moving averages with a period of 9. One for a close price, and one for an open price. They are "real" signals. If they are far enough it means that open and closes at an average are far apart. Why it matters? Because if the price is not too far from ma50 and suddenly there is a big gap between those 2, it means that there is a rapid change in the price. It's combined with a fact that you need 2 bars in the right direction, otherwise, the EA will not open a trade. So EA is looking for a rapid change in the price, but not too big, that is in the direction of a trend.

Now something about tp and sl. Their value is not taken from a wizard. GBPUSD is a very specific currency pair. What it does, it basically jumps from one level to another. And you can clearly see this with this grid that marks round numbers and x.500 numbers. That's why sl and tp are little more than 50 pips. If your "shot" is correct, you have a big chance that it will go a little further than 50 pips. Sl is also about 50 pips because if the trade will hit it, it means that the market went a whole level in another direction. Before it happens there is still a chance that it will go in tp direction. I have attached a screenshot with those levels on a chart. You can see it by yourself.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now, something about "its overfitted because if you change something it performs way worse".

Yeah, because the market is the way it is, not the way we wish it should be. Also, no offence but "you" probably didn't know the details about how it works before this post.

So to make it simple - if you change ma period without changing settings inside the rest of the program, then it's obvious it will not work well. The rest is expecting data from that specific period, if you are changing something with ma's, then you have to change the rest as well because for let's say ma14 the correct distance between open and close is different than for ma9.

The same is for tp and sl. If you are working with GBPUSD, then you are working with the fact that this market respect round numbers a lot.

Also about different pairs: to make this EA work on another currency, you have to change values of ma and values inside the rest of the program, such as distance from ma50, and distances between ma9 open and ma9 close.

If you want to run this on, for example, GBPJPY, you have to change values for different decimal points.

I'm not doing this all, because I'm focused on GBPUSD. When it will be as perfect as can be, I will work on another pair.

For EURUSD you have to take into consideration that it respect also leves 20, 50, 80.

And a final word - I have made some progress, and I have a version that takes even fewer trades but has a smaller drawdown(10%), 1.65 profit factor, and have extremally nice exponential growth. I  think I will post it in a few days when everything will be done. This is a graph from testing on the last 7 years period.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And it's not a big deal if an EA open trade not too often. It's better to have a few "snipers" on a chart than one "machine gun" that shoot blindly. I will make more "snipers" such as this one

--- 帖子 #161 ---
You're last post was very informative and I think everyone was curious on your method of trading with this pair.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
I've been trading for about 15 years and being a Sniper pays off! Sit back, be patient, wait for the target and then.... boom. It was one of the hardest things for me to learn over the years; patience.

Pawel.... you deserve an Award. Thank-you for a very interesting EA.  Cheers

--- 帖子 #163 ---
I just needed some spare time to write this in a form that can be understandable. Lately I have been busy and didn't have time to write about this

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Working on testing this ea.

May I ask developers to include in this EA - risk percentage of equity per trade. This way as equity rises, so does position sizing.

Last 3 years with 1 lot per $10,000 0 - 24 Hr. Could of been much better with risk percentage of equity feature.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Thanks a lot for making deeply understand ..

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Pawel,

Thanks for a great explanation on how the Ultron EA works.

My account is up 27% in 2 weeks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Gary

--- 帖子 #167 ---
@Pawel -- I had a question. Are you using MT4's Strategy Tester and built-in optimizing tool to determine the best values? Or are you using a different methodology? Thanks...

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Thank you for the detailed post. Thank you for making this EA public.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Added Trailing Stop.

I don’t know how interesting it is, but can someone pick up interesting settings

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Feex, can you add risk percentage of equity per trade?

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Erm isnt it running with fixed sl?

--- 帖子 #172 ---
In this version, you can change the risk)

--- 帖子 #173 ---
First thank you very much for this EA. Second I've done some BT with default settings and changed SL.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #174 ---
To all: be aware...with 1 lot per $10,000, you are risking close to 5% of your equity.  Too much....

Of course you can dial it down to 0.5 per $10,000....but profits also will be lower....

--- 帖子 #175 ---
What is the point when you are using fixed tp and sl? Just change your position size.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Thanks for that Pawel. I was testing also other pairs ( as you can see in the thread), but I agree to you, it makes not much sense, if the EA is not calibrate for every single pair. So better to step back a bit and wait the next update for GU and eventually more pairs later on. Thanks for your time in doing this... it is appreciated.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
seems trailing is not active.... i've put tp 0 and tl set to true but ea close order with tp 0 is it normal ? or how i'have to use this trailing?

Thanks

Regards

--- 帖子 #178 ---
set TP 100 or more, and tral true

--- 帖子 #179 ---
I was also thinking about Trailing Stops, but now I think it does NOT make sense for the way this EA is designed.

This EA is designed to run and only close when it hits a SL or TP. In this way it can run for long stretches and overcome small bumps along the way until it reaches its TP.

However, if you add a Trailing Stop -- with the intent to allow it to run even longer -- then I think you have to remove the TP setting. This is because the TP will be hit before you can take advantage of the Trailing Stop.

I think @Pawel has created something special and he explained his philosophy and approach very well in an earlier post. So, now, I'm happy to leave the strategy's design and algorithm to him and just focus to see if Ultron can perform well on other pairs and time frames besides GBPUSD/H1.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Trailing stop is a bad idea, I would say that almost always. Forex is nothing more than a gambling. The only way to win is to get statistical advantage over the market. Trailing stop will in most cases kill your gains. If you set it to 50 pips  then to get 50pips of profit, you have to enter a trade that could give you a 100 pips. And you are always risking 50 sl. Guess what is more likely to happen, your trade will go way further than 68pips hard-coded tp, and trailing stop will be OK, or you will be cutted at much less while still risking full sl.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
I immediately understood that trailing would not have an effect, just someone asked to do and I tried to do) And as for TP, you can not disable it, but simply set 1000 for example in the settings. But still it seems to me that the trailing in this robot is not needed :о)

--- 帖子 #182 ---
You can, if tp is just 0 it means no tp

--- 帖子 #183 ---
I know you all understand, that when market is in the narrow range, we will loose money with this technique. Look at 2014.

But that is a given when trading via trend technique. Chops always loose money.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
What version are you using ?

--- 帖子 #185 ---
In the EA settings, you can customize the trading time. What do you think, what is it for?))

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Definitely for not recognizing the chop. There is no way of knowing when the chop will start and end.

--- 帖子 #187 ---
I think it's still okay. What your observation reveals is that it is necessary to "recalibrate" EAs from time-to-time using current data. An EA uses indicators that are simple algebraic formulas -- often with only a single constant (i.e. a MA period). That single constant was computed using historical data. If the historical data no longer matches with current data, then the constant needs to be re-computed.

That isn't to say the EA will always trade the same through all market conditions, it won't. I'm just saying that you can't judge its performance in 2014 unless you calibrate it using data from around that same time.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Yes, you are correct.

I want to ask general consensus.

How far back moving average needs to be optimized to start a new week of trading? 1 month, 3 months, 6 months?

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I like that. I do something similar with my other EAs.

However, rather than choosing a specific data horizon, I'll choose a length of time that results in about 100 trades. As an example, for EURUSD/H1 then I'll need around 4000 bars (approximately 8 months) to get around 100 trades -- just to give you an idea. It is important to have a minimum number of trades during the calibration period you've chosen -- otherwise the statistics don't have much meaning.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
There is no correct answer, since it primarily depends on how similar current market conditions are with market conditions when you last calibrated.

Also, it is hard to define what is meant by "similar" market conditions -- that's rather subjective.

If you have lots of EAs and it takes many hours to recalibrate -- then maybe once every few months. But if you only have a few EAs and it takes 10 minutes then I think once a month is fair.

There is also another intangible benefit. When it comes to forex, "data is king". And the longer it takes someone to realize that then the longer will be the struggle. When you take the time to recalibrate an EA, you can't help but pay more attention to the data and notice details you hadn't paid attention to before. And this influences how quickly we learn to improve and refine our approach to trading. When you pay attention to data, it forces you to think.

The reason I mentioned 8 months is because for most of my EAs I need that data horizon in order to reach 100 trades. It might be different for you depending on which pair and time frame you typically trade. My EAs mostly trade EURUSD/H1 and they require about 4000 bars to generate 100 trade signals -- and 4000 H1 bars works out to approximately 8 months.

As with most things in life, it comes down to trade-offs. I could recalibrate over the last 2 days -- but I wouldn't have enough trades for it to be statistically significant. Or, I could recalibrate using 10 years of data -- but then my results would be contaminated with mostly old and stale data. Over time you sort of figure out what fits your trading style and schedule.

And there is nothing magical about 100 trades. I had to pick a number and 100 points is often times considered a minimal sample size for a statistical calculation to have a certain degree of significance.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
I am using version 1.2.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
I have no idea what did you do to this EA, because here is how 2014 January - 2014 December looks. It's still 20% in one year, 10000usd with 0.5 lot size position.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And here is 2013 January - 2015 December. 75% in 3 years, 10000usd with 0.5 lot size position.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Here are the settings...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #194 ---
And this is not my EA of course... so please stop confusing people. My EA does not allow for tp and sl change, and your setting is out of nowhere. Ultron's tp is 68 pips and sl 55. It's very important, and I have written about this.

There is a reason why in my EA yours only choice is time zone and position size.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #195 ---
This is the only version I can take responsibilities for, you can talk about your modifications etc. but if you are using some variation not the one that I'm using then it make a sense to tell us that you are using some variation of this EA.

I would like to put some rules into this thread.

If you are making any changes, then when you share your results please inform that this is some variation of my EA.

Since now every EA from me will have OP in its title. Which means it's from me - original poster. If you are doing some modifications, please remove OP from the title. Also, I will edit original post n.1 and this is a place where is my current version that I'm using.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
I see...you are right , it is a modified EA...will pay attention next time, as per your request...and yes, with your settings 68 and 55 it gives +30% a year with 5% SL risk

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Great job Pawel. I was wondering if you include ranges in your setup? what sort of range the EA will start to execute orders? Thank you for sharing my good fellow.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Well done. Well said

Regards.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Hello everybody!

I tested the newest Ultron on 99% data and I dont understand the summary.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Yes, that's an understatement.

Using the very last version and a starting lot size of 0.5 / 10K capital, period January 2008 - December 2010, the result is roughly a 65% loss. Yes, I did quickly modify that last version using adjusted lot sizing to account for capital increase/decrease.

Here's the equity curve for that period.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Results for this period are not acceptable at all for any trader in his right mind.

From 2011 onwards, it performs quite nicely again.

So I was wondering, what is it that could possibly explain these huge differences in performance ?

Looking at your code, the first thing that struck me is that you use "static" distances between current price and MA (xx) as entry criterium. The market is not static at all though !

To illustrate this, see the ADR for GBPUSD (and ball park figure backtest performance in %) measured year over year.

Attached Image

Is it coincidence that during highly volatile years the EA underperforms ? I don't think so.

Now, based on yearly ADR of 2010 vs. 2016 we could of course argue that the average yearly range is not a plausible explanation for the underperformance.

Therefore, I pulled GBPUSD H1 OHLC history into excel and had a closer look and candle ranges.

When drilling down 2010 results and looking month per month at H1 candle sizes in pips, there is a common denominator.

Losing streaks coincide with many "outliers".

To illustrate this (albeit just a bit at random), see the difference below for a 10 period average candle size.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

vs.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not quite the same, right ?

I guess my point is that (IMHO) it could be a good idea to think about ways of flexible scaling of the min/max distance in pips.

Think average H1 candle size in pips measured over xxx periods, maybe throw in a standard deviation for good measure.

Just food for thought, that's all.

Cheers,

LuXing

--- 帖子 #201 ---
What your observation reveals is that it is necessary to "recalibrate" EAs from time-to-time using current data. An EA uses indicators that are simple algebraic formulas -- often with only a single constant (i.e. a MA period). That single constant was computed using historical data. If the historical data no longer matches with current data, then the constant needs to be re-computed.

If you recall from Algebra 101 the algebraic equation for a line is y = mx + b, where 'm' and 'b' are computed from (x,y) data pairs. Different lines have different (x,y) data and, hence, their 'm' and 'b' constants will be different.

The same concept applies to any data source -- if the data source changes then the constants need to be recomputed in order for the algebraic equation to be valid for that data source.

The current settings in the Ultron EA were computed by @Pawel using a data source he described in an earlier post. You are using a different data source -- so, it follows, that the settings used by the algebraic equation(s) in the current Ultron EA aren't suitable for 2008.

As you noted, as the data begins to approach more recent years, then the algebraic equation yields better results.

It is not reasonable to expect such a simple algebraic formula (that uses constants that were computed from a totally different time in history) to perform well for all forex data since the beginning of time.

I think people confuse optimization with AI (artificial intelligence). An EA does not learn. There is no database backing it. It does not get "smarter" by using gobs of historical data. In fact, using too much historical data actually harms the EA because the old data contaminates recent data and the resulting constants (i.e. settings) that are computed may not match well with the most recent data. Since you trade in the present, then that would be considered a bad thing.

I apologize if my tone is somewhat harsh -- it's not personal. Obviously I've discussed / argued this issue before.

By the way -- the differences in the data you noted in your Excel drill-down sound perfectly reasonable -- and the solution is really simple. When you re-calibrate the EA (i.e. re-optimize) then the new settings that get computed will automatically take into account that market conditions have changed. It is not necessary to make any changes to the EA's code or logic -- only the settings.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Hi Pawel,

Using your methodology I have created a simple account on CI Broker with £100. using nano .  Same settings everyhting. I will post how the progress for this EA goes.   In Nov , Dec and Jan.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
these settings are created for GBPUSD, H1, and you use EURUSD

--- 帖子 #204 ---
It's not that easy to make an EA that will automatically correct its behaviour. But it's very easy to make Ultron perform "ok" manually. This is 2000 January -2010 December, period of time with settings for more volatile market conditions. But they perform worse in current market conditions, and nobody wants an EA that was great 10 years ago, so I just didn't bother with that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Hi guys

Can someone please explain what are GMT, hour 1 and hour 2 please?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Hi,

I coded the EA for MT5.

The main reason MT5 back testing gives more options.

I did the backtest for GBPUSD over the period 2017-2018.

Took 3 back tests.

All standard settings, like Original EA.

Lot size 0.5

First back test based on tick data.

Second back test based on M1 bars OHLC.

Third back test based on real tick data.

The results of backtest 1 and 2 are more or less equal.

So tick data inter polation looks like M1 bar.

The real tick data back test gives about halve the result.

Below you see the information of the back tests.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Tick data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

M1 bar data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Real tick data.

Further i did an optimisation for the EA parameters/settings.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

M1 bar data.

BR

--- 帖子 #207 ---
@emonts -- interesting. Thanks for sharing your results.

One thing I noticed is if you look at the charts from a distance they all look fairly similar -- which is great. When you drill down and look more closely at the details then you begin to see some differences. Furthermore, you report the M1 results can be improved by recalibrating.

I think there are three important points here:

1. @Pawel's Ultron EA continues to perform well in the hands of a variety of different people and testing conditions.

2. The data source makes a difference.

3. Calibrating the EA against the data source you plan to trade makes a difference.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Optimization vs Calibration...

I just had an "ah-ha" moment. Maybe it's obvious to most people -- I don't know.

Whenever I see people back test an EA using 2-year old, 5-year old and even 10-year old historical data I can't help but shake my head and wonder why would anyone bother testing an EA using old, stale, irrelevant data. Unless you have a time machine and plan to go back in time to trade, I don't get it.

And then something just occurred to me. I see it written all the time about "optimizing" an EA. MetaQuotes (the developers of MT4) are particularly guilty of this. Plus they perpetuate the use of the word "optimize".

Here are the dictionary's definitions for "optimize" and "calibrate":

optimize: to make as effective, or perfect as possible

calibrate: to determine or check the accuracy of an instrument

When people think they have "optimized" an EA, then it implies a process that was performed once and the EA will then perform well forever more. If you were to instead realize you have simply "calibrated" an EA, then it is understood this is a temporary check and the EA will need to be "re-calibrated" again in the future.

Perhaps because people have this misconception their EA has been "optimized" then it means back tests that date back to 2008 or 2011 or 2015 or even 2017 have relevance to how the EA will trade tomorrow. That is a totally misguided belief. And your own charts and back tests show it -- yet, most everyone chooses to ignore the obvious. Perhaps it's also due to the fact we are all lazy and really wish for it to be true that our "optimized" EA is perfect -- the alternative being we have to spend time to "re-calibrate".

Perhaps if we instead began using the word "calibrate" then it is better understood the current settings are only temporary and will need to be "re-calibrated" in the future (to take into account changing market conditions).

Does this make sense to anyone?

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Hi,

Yes, backtesting has limited usage.

For sure the behaviour of GBPUSD or any other pair changes in time.

The question is how quick.

All people who worked in the field of measurement and controll know this by experience.

But it can tell you something about how solid the EA / strategy / system is.

This is to me important to select where to put energy in and where not to put energy in.

One of the ways to do this with data from the past.

Optimize the EA over a period of let say a year and test the result over the next 3 months to come.

Every new month you can do this again. But is a lot of work.

I will add the EA. So everybody can get some experience and share results here.

But you need MT5.

Please obey the threath owners wish, mention when you post results not comming form the Original EA.

BR

Attached File(s)   Ultron_V1.01.ex5

29 KB
|
740 downloads

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Hi,

Not only M1 can recalibrated, if we use this word.

Only it is a matter of time needed to do the optimisation.

I did also for real tick data. Took about 8 hours time for 10k passes.

BR

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Hi,

the limit between calibration and curve fitting is very critical and I use this method to avoid flaws. Let me explain what I mean.

If we believe in the logic of the EA, and we believe thet it only needs calibration, it make sense to test it in any year, even in 2014.

If we decide that the period for the calibration is, let's say, 1 month, that's how I tipically do:

at the end of every month (say March to make an example) I run several backtests on the March data and calculate the optimal paramaters; then I becktest the EA on April data and see if I get good results. This way I am sure I am not curve fitting the EA and I replicate the procedure that I would use in real life and in real time.

This is very different from optimizing (or calibrating) the EA on 2018 data and then showing the results for 2018. This is curve fitting and there is no guarantee on the next period results!

I hope to add to the discussion.

Puma

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Curve-fitting is not bad. Curve-fitting is *exactly* what occurs when an algebraic formula is calibrated. In other words -- "curve fitting" is the the more proper algebraic (mathematical) term and is equivalent to what MT4 does when you use it to "calibrate" a strategy. There is no such term as "calibration" in algebra -- rather, we "curve fit" equations. And, believe it or not, we are dealing with algebra.

On the other hand -- there is the problem of OVER curve-fitting. This is what we definitely want to avoid.

If an equity curve is roughly linear over time, then the strategy is probably not OVER curve-fitted. You can tell when a strategy is OVER curve-fitted when you see large steps in the equity curve. Large jumps in an equity curve are due to rare events that are likely never to occur again in the future.

Large steps occur when there is an anomalous, rare event that occurs in your favor. For example, suppose on Tuesday, February 17 there was some news that caused GBPUSD to jump way up. If your settings were to specifically favor February 17 then your strategy would be OVER curve-fitted (because that particular event will probably never occur again on a February 17 in the future).

I hesitate to give "curve fitting" a bad name -- it's a good thing. It is what we do when we "calibrate" a strategy. It is OVER curve fitting that you are trying to avoid.

Your approach to avoid OVER curve-fitting sounds like OOS -- "Out Of Sample" testing -- which is fine, but which many people consider a waste of time. The reason is this -- if the market conditions for April are similar to March then, of course, your settings will continue to work. In other words, if April looks good that doesn't mean your settings are perfect -- it simply means that April's market conditions are the same as March's. Which means nothing -- big deal -- it's sort of what we'd expect.

If you really want to do proper OOS testing then you should take your March 2018 EA and back test it against data from, say, 2015 -- in other words, against market conditions that are almost certainly different than March 2018. If you were to do this then you would find that your EA *always* performed like crap using the 2015 data -- and you might discard the EA thinking it was no good, which would be a shame. So -- it is good that you use recent, 2018 data for back testing and calibration -- but unless you use a completely unrelated data horizon for OOS then it makes no sense, doesn't tell you anything, and is often misleading.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
HI ea0Setup,

What program are you using to make the portfolio simulation  as in the pic?

--- 帖子 #214 ---
the free version of Quant Analyzer 4.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Hi Robots4me,

I didn't mean to start a discussion on terminology, but just to say that I wouldn't calibrate an EA using the March data, and then test the EA on the same March again. In real life you won't be able to do that!?! What it makes sense is to calibrate parameters using March data and then test what would have happened in the following period (Aprile in this example) equivalent to forward testing.

In your example, "anomalous, rare event" would work also against your EA results but, if you calibrate your EA on the same month you test it, you would exclude as well that event that in reality would deteriorate your real results.... that's why I wouldn't do that... I hope I was clear.

Bye Puma

--- 帖子 #216 ---
After explaining the strategy of the expert Advisor to the author, in general, I fully agree that the Traling Stop is not needed.

However, I do not agree that the Traling Stop is almost always a bad idea.

When trading baskets (portfolio), it is almost impossible to correctly calculate and set the SL and TP. But the Traling Stop works effectively, including with a negative sign instead SL

My gratitude to the author for the original work and for sharing his experience!

--- 帖子 #217 ---
I would say that the whole concept of "portfolio" and diversification is dumb. Trading is trading, and it's not the same thing as investing.

Trading is your reaction to the current market. Investing is putting your money for a while into something, that may be beneficial. It seems the same, but it's not. You can invest your money into some stocks, and you can wait a few years and expecting, that if you have chosen the right company, then the value of their stocks will rise.

As a trader, you do not care about "what can happen". You do not try to predict what will happen.

I can show you something. Each of this boxes in the middle is night consolidation on GBPUSD. Not always, but more than 50% times, there will be strong impulse after the price will go outside of this consolidation. You don't care which way it will go, you just act on this knowledge to make money.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When you have a portfolio, multiple trades at once, and you are trying to "balance" everything out, then it's not a trading, it's more like a gambling. You do have hope that "you are right". The market does not care about who is right. It's just a statistic that you can use to your advantage.

For example look at poker players. You have champions who are consistently making money, and you have gamblers who act on a "hope" of being right. Being a professional gambler is the same as being a good trader. You do lose, but it's a part of the game. The thing is to earn more than you lose.

And how you can do this? By being good at one thing. I actually don't know almost anything about any other pair than GBPUSD. I do not care about anything else. But this way I can see things that most people do not. This is a reason why I was aware of what do I need to do in order to write Ultron. When I will make Ultron as good as I can, I will write another EA for GBPUSD, because I know some patterns on this pair. There are similarities between let's say EU and GU, but IMO there is no point in trading both of them.

I highly suggest everybody to focus on one thing. I personally don't know any profitable trader who is not focused on 1, maybe 2 currency pair.

And stop trying to predict the future. You don't have to know what will happen. A casino is making money on 100% random events. And it's doing it by having a slight advantage. If you will consistently throwing away 100 euro, and you will earn 101 euro with a 50% chance of each event, you will make money in the long-term run. That whats trading is.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
@Pawel -- What kind of things do you look for in GBPUSD that distinguish it from other pairs? Not in great detail -- just a sentence or two...

Also -- do the things you notice in GBPUSD persist over time, or will they change?

--- 帖子 #219 ---
My broker is in the UK, shall I keep the same settings in Hour1 and Hour2 ? I live in the Middle East and my time is GMT+3

--- 帖子 #220 ---
When using an EA it doesn't matter what your local time is -- you could live on the moon.

What is important is your broker's server time. You can figure that out quite easily -- near the upper-left corner of MT4 you'll see "Market Watch: XX:XX:XX". The "XX:XX:XX" is the current time of your broker's server. Using the Internet and some Googling you'll then be able to figure-out if that is GMT+0 or GMT+2 time.

If your broker is using GMT+2, then you do not need to change the default 'hour1' and 'hour2' (since @Pawel's broker's server also uses GMT+2). If your broker is using GMT+0 then you might choose to increment those settings by 2 hours. However, as I mentioned in my earlier post, those settings don't seem to have much effect in my hands, and I have accounts in both GMT+0 and GMT+2.

By the way, the server time may not have anything to do with your broker's location. Again -- your broker could be on the moon. Your broker pays for and receives bid and ask prices from central or commercial banks. This tick data has time stamps associated with each bid and ask price. The time stamp on the tick data is what is important.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Thank you for the detailed explanation. Market Watch in my MT4 shows 7AM and my current time is 8AM. Just a difference of an hour.

Can you please shed some more lights on hour1 thing. Does it mean that, trade only between hour1 and hour2? Shall I keep my computer ON only between 6:00hrs and 21:00hrs?

--- 帖子 #222 ---
@doha -- if you are GMT+3 and are 1 hour ahead of your broker, then it means your broker's server is GMT+2. I think this is the most common time zone for forex servers.

Absolutely NOT. You keep your computer on 24/7. Your computer may not actually need to be on 24/7, but you really don't want to have to constantly worry about that detail. Or -- you can set up a VPS account for around $10 / month and let that run 24/7.

As I mentioned in my previous response -- this has nothing to do with your local time. The 6:00 and 21:00 refer to the broker's server's time. This is the time stamp associated with the data. If you really, really, really need to conserve on electricity, and if you are using hour1 and hour2 of 6 and 21, then it means you need to keep your computer on between 6 and 21 GMT+2 time. I'll leave it to you to do the conversion of what that means in your local time.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Great explanation. Thank you very much. I am now on the hunt for a VPS. Any suggestions?

--- 帖子 #224 ---
There are many, many choices. My only recommendation is to NOT choose a free one. What is most important about VPS is its network connectivity will be more reliable than what you have at home -- that's the value it brings and that is what you are paying for.

Having said that -- I like GoDaddy. I also develop web sites and have always had good luck with their hosting services. Also, their technical support is the best. I can call 24/7 if there is a problem and always speak with someone who is professional and knowledgeable. GoDaddy is more expensive than others -- but, in the big picture, when I need assistance then it's worth it to me.

Other people will recommend other VPS hosting services -- and that's fine. There are many good ones out there. Since you asked, then I'm simply responding with the one I am most familiar with.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Thank you robots4me. Things are now clear to me.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
I have been using Interserver for about 3 years and never had any issue with them. The VPS server up-time is 100% and never re-booted accidentally.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Agreed.

In fact I did some tests running the EA ALL the time and the outcome was even better than sticking to the 6 & 21 hours as in the default settings.

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Between 6 and 21 GMT+2 time. EA is not active in other hours, due to night consolidation build up on GU it's not worth it to do anything on this pair during the night time. This EA absolutely do not require VPS server, because it opens its trade with tp and sl. That means that the worst scenario, if you will go offline, is that you may miss a trade, nothing else.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Its hard to tell exactly, I don't look at other pairs too often, but GBPUSD is just familiar to me. For example, that night consolidation break out - it doesn't work on all currencies as good as on gbpusd. You can actually build a whole strategy around this observation, and I'm making some progress about integration this thing into Ultron or as a separate EA.

I would just say that each market has its own traders, it's own time, and it's own behaviour. There is a reason I guess, why others do have problems with making Ultron perform well on other markets. If one EA perform great on one pair, and bad on the others then it means that there are differences.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Using SL and TP this way is very clever -- I haven't really seen that before. I mean, everyone uses SL and TP -- but as a safety net. Most of the EA's I've worked with include code to detect both Entry and Exit signals. We assume that by detecting both types of signals the performance will be better.

Ultron only Enters trades -- and then leaves the closing to the broker. Very cool...

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Hi Pawel,

Thank you for sharing this indicator !

since 9/11 EA has not opened a trade as i guess due to distance to 50 ma is Big.

Better quality than quantity as you accurately expressed earlier.

When does EA opens a trade ? When distance of all ma are close to each other and cross under/above 50 ma ?

it would a good reference if you could provide the data for another currency to figure out how to change values to match a different currency.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
A close signal is by its definition a signal against the trend - assuming that the entry signal was created with a trend respecting strategy.

If you trade with the trend, your only knowledge is that

1. The price will change after some time.

2. There is a greater chance that it will go with the trend not against it.

And the second point means that there is a greater chance of the price going with the trend, but it may go up and down for a while before it will happen. That's why I don't even bother with active position management.

--- 帖子 #233 ---
I have told everything about this EA on page 8
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...1#post11677971

--- 帖子 #234 ---
How about closing a trade (and open a new one ) on opposite signal?

--- 帖子 #235 ---
The Ultron EA looks for a *very* specific Entry setup to open a trade -- and then runs until the SL or TP is hit.

If you were to place Ultron's moving averages on a chart (like the helper indicator a few pages back), you would then see that as a "trend following" EA it is much more likely to hit the SL or TP before it encounters an Entry signal in the opposite direction.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
You think that you are able to predict the exact moment of a trend reversal? A trend may last 1000 bars for example, and there is only one that is the highest or the lowest before it will go another way.

It's the same as this "sell on highs, buy on dips". You never know where you are, it looks nice and obvious when you look at the chart, but you don't know where you are now. you may be able to trade like this in consolidation before the break out occurs but not in the trending market.

It's pointless when you try to catch "everything". Buy when it's going up, sell when it's going down, take a little bit and get out of the market. You don't have to trade all the time, if you do not like current conditions just go away, don't try to figure out "what's going on", just wait for a moment when it will be clear to you.

--- 帖子 #237 ---
When I run a back test on GBPUSD / H1 I get a number of trades in October and November. If you are following the instructions you should see it trade every 3 or 4 days. This is what others are seeing, as well.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
I observed on demo account that it opens one trade at a time. Is the EA written that way?

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Yes, it works by opening one trade at a time.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Hy any news for your last update?

Thanks

Best regards

--- 帖子 #241 ---
GMT+0 versus GMT+2

In an earlier post I attempted to answer a question about GMT+0 versus GMT+2. This issue concerns your broker's time and has nothing to do with your local time. The Ultron EA uses 'hour1' and 'hour2' settings -- which refer to GMT+2, since that is what @Pawel's broker uses. @Pawel feels these settings do make a difference and that is why he included them. I use both GMT+0 and GMT+2 brokers, so I decided to pay attention to these settings. If your broker uses GMT+2 then you can continue to use the defaults that @Pawel recommends -- hour1=6, and hour2=21. If your broker uses GMT+0 then you might choose to change them. In my earlier post I said you would need to add 2 hours to convert from GMT+2 to GMT+0 -- but that is wrong. You need to subtract 2 hours. I apologize for the misinformation. Here's a link:
http://www.timebie.com/tz/timediff.p...MT%20+2%20Time

--- 帖子 #242 ---
GMT+0 versus GMT+2 (continued)

Since I use both GMT+0 and GMT+2 brokers then I wanted the EA to automatically do the right thing and adjust the 'hour1' and 'hour2' settings accordingly. That is, I wanted the EA to determine whether the broker is GMT+2 (in which case no change is needed) or GMT+0 (in which case 2 hours should be subtracted).

Below is a code snippet I wrote that seems to work and achieve that goal -- feel free to add it to your *.mq4 code. Or, perhaps @Pawel would consider including something like this in his next version -- I don't know. Or, maybe @Pawel would prefer to keep his Ultron EA simple, lean and mean and not clutter it with non-essential code.

By the way -- the original formatting of the code was easier to read. However, when I add code to a post then, for some reason, ForexFactory automatically reformats it and removes spaces -- probably to conserve space.

##################################################################

// According to @Pawel, Ultron's Hour1 and Hour2 are based on his broker's server using GMT+2,

// so let's honor that.

int iGMTOffset = GMT_GetBrokerOffset();

if (2 == iGMTOffset)

{

// This is the case for GMT+2

// Nothing to do -- same as @Pawel...

}

else

{

// This is the case for GMT+0 and GMT+1

if ((2 - iGMTOffset) > 0)

{

Hour1 -= (2 - iGMTOffset);

Hour2 -= (2 - iGMTOffset);

if (Hour1 < 1)

Hour1 = 1;

}

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int GMT_GetBrokerOffset()

{

int AccuracyThresholdInMinutes = 60;

datetime datGMT = TimeGMT();

datetime datBrokerGMT = TimeCurrent();

double dDelta = (double)(datBrokerGMT - datGMT);

dDelta = MathRound(dDelta / (AccuracyThresholdInMinutes * 60));

return ((int)dDelta);

}

--- 帖子 #243 ---
"would prefer to keep his Ultron EA simple, lean and mean and not clutter it with non-essential code." = thats d Way 2 go m8 4sure !

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Today there was a trade opened by ULTRON and hit TP.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Can confirm

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Damn it I set itit up on my gmt broker not my gmt+2. Oh well I'llI'll get it sorted for next one

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Dzięki Pawel, moja żona pochodzi z Samborowa

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Cała przyjemność po mojej stronie, wszystkiego dobrego!

--- 帖子 #249 ---
It was possible to implement the correct trailing stop)
In this modification EA has implemented a trailing stop, which can not affect profits negatively!

The trailing stop starts working only when the price has crossed the TP level.
In the worst case, the order will close on TP. In the best case TR will collect additional profits.
Also added information panel.

EA's algorithm has not changed

--- 帖子 #250 ---
The first test without TR
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Second with TR
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Guys i got this error message.

Is this due to the Time difference?

--- 帖子 #252 ---
the code you are using has some operation that divides by zero - as far as I can tell you from this message.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
hmmm ok, i will download your version on post1, i am using my gmt+2 broker..Iwont do anyhting to the file just upload and arrange pip size. Hopefully no issue

--- 帖子 #254 ---
.Iwont do anyhting to the file just upload and arrange pip size = good idea + use H1 tf - - - pic whut u posted was on Daily !

______________better still "read + study post#1 more carefull m8 "

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Thanks mate...Maybe i should have your siggy with the silly mistakes im making!

Anyway. I have opened a second account on my gmt+" broker.

100GBP test is to see how it does from Mid Nov - End of December.

I am expecting a max of 8- 15 trades. I would like to continue the test untill it has done 100 trades...if possible.

I put a diary here whenever I can.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
I think that this EA in reality needs to be tested with only 0.3 lots which is 2% per $10,0000 of equity. Therefore profit and losses will be 1/3 of what you getting right now.

We are testing and trading now with 1 lot per $10,000 which is 6.5% risk per trade. That is huge risk and not many traders will be able to handle few losses in a row this size of position. 33% DD is a huge hole in real money.

So I suggest when looking at performance to use 0.3 pr $10,0000. Anyone does not have that concern?

--- 帖子 #257 ---
where did you get 33%?
if on my screenshots, then I tested EA with an initial deposit of only 3000, and lot 1.0. This gives 33% and with a TR of 31% If the deposit is 10,000 and lot 1.0 then you get about a 20% drawdown. Personally, I'm quite happy with the 1.0 lot and the initial deposit of 3000

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Pawel ist usin 0.01 lot = post#245 - - - i use 0.03 lot on Live Micro acct. = dont Blieve in demo or BT etc2

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Hmm..you got 32% in maximum DD

Not sure how you got $19,000 in profit(chistaya pribil) ..it is 600% on your initial capital....

I think your leverage is different, here(tyt) in USA it is 50:1 max

--- 帖子 #260 ---
no luck to you ...  I use 1: 500

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Vot tak y vas na Ykraine....

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Причем тут украина) это везде так))

Вот список брокеров, которые принимают трейдеров из США:
http://forex-ratings.ru/forex-broker...ex-brokers.php

Forex Club - 1:600

FXDD - 1:500

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Net,

One who trades decent capital and located in USA will never go to non-USA broker.....chance of loosing your capital due to broker fuck up is too great...we stuck with 1:50(unfortunately)

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Actually it is even worth as of Brexit

USA brokers GBPUSD is 5% margin, means 1:20....almost impossible to trade to make a nice profit...

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Hi Feex,

Is there a possibility to add "trailing stop" functionality into   ULTRON-3.4_Exponential_MM  version on page 7, if OK with mischti and Pawel ?

If trailing functionality does not impact profit target as you already mentioned and bring additional value, it would make sense to integrate this.

Today GBPUSD peaked almost 25 pips higher than the profit target so trailing stop could have picked additional pip on the way. There will be days

like Brexit agreement anouncement where the pair may suddenly peak huge.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Dear Emonts.

Thank you for posting the mql5 version of EA here.

But could you post the source code as well?

I do not like to test the EA without knowing exactly what is inside.

And for sure I may have the desire to change something.

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
And, so, it begins...

@Pawel gives you a gift. The EA works. It reaches the TP threshold and you win!!! -- and, yet, you want more. I would tread carefully when it comes to creating a zillion new versions -- you might discourage the original developer. When the author sees that people aren't appreciative of his winning code and are more interested in squeezing out even more, then he might lose interest altogether. This happens *all* the time on Forex Factory.

It is not true that trailing stops have no effect -- of course they do. It may not be obvious from a single back test chart, but in the code the trailing stop is set prior to the original TP -- otherwise the TP would be hit and the position would close. So, it does change the algorithm and add complexity.

If somebody gives you something that works -- I wouldn't mess with it. If anything, learn how to use MT4's Strategy Tester and optimizer so you can test whether re-calibrating the settings from time-to-time has an effect. But in terms of the code -- I would prefer to keep things simple with only a single "official" version of the EA maintained by the OP. I know that's not possible, because we are all greedy and aren't disciplined enough to know when to push back from the table.

Here's a concept -- learn some minimal MQL coding skills -- then you can experiment to your heart's content...

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Just some coding advice;

Add:
Inserted Code if(Volume[0]<=25){

//here all the ticking code, as you don't buy or sell anyways. will speed up testing

}

make stoploss and take profit not global but add it to your function like this

Inserted Code void CheckForSell(double Stoploss, double TakeProfit)
{

res=OrderSend(Symbol(),OP_SELL,lots,Bid,20,StopLoss,TakeProfit,"",MAGICMA,0,Red);
return;

}

I have also changed that it is in depended of the chart as it always pulls the price from the hour chart instead.
Inserted Code       double c1 = iClose(NULL, PERIOD_H1, 1);
double c2 = iClose(NULL, PERIOD_H1, 2);
double o2 = iOpen(NULL, PERIOD_H1, 2);

Also done some backtesting, results looks pretty good so far. Thanks.

// edit, removed the wrong named attachment. If you which to see, download a newer version later on in this topic.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Trailing stops can be very successful, but also the other way around.

Now his target is at 680 pips. if you add a trailing stop then it has to reach at least 690 pips and then add a trailing stop at 680 to get the same risk and reward ratio, which also could mean that the target of 690 will not be met. Or if you give it even more room it might get harder to make profit.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
take it

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Thank you for the effort !

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Who told you that we do not respect the author ?! We do not remake EA! We are trying to find solutions how to make EA better! At the same time, we do not change the algorithm of the author’s work, we are trying to add something that will allow us to work more efficiently! And maybe the author in this will see something interesting to improve his algorithm. If it gives a positive effect, then what's wrong with that?

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Do you have the mql4 file? The topic starter was so nice to share his code.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
You did not understand how my trailing stop works! My option can not a priori harm! worst option - this order will be closed by TP But if the price reached TP (68 pips) and went further, then having reached the value of 73 pips, the trailing stop turns on in 2 pips steps - these are the settings in my version of EA, and you don’t need to change them! If the price has not reached 73 pips and has gone back, then the order will close at 68 pips, as programmed in EA. That is, we cannot do worse! Only better. And if you have not checked how it works, then check it out! And then write comments.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
I made an automatic translation for 4 characters and for 5 characters, now it is not necessary to prescribe 680 for 5 characters

--- 帖子 #276 ---
I did not check yours out at all. In fact, i didn't even respond to your file, but responded to kobra101.

And don't tell me when to write comments or not. :-)

--- 帖子 #277 ---
no trailing stop and with trailing stop

--- 帖子 #278 ---
So I have also added in a trailing stop, you might want to play with the numbers.

Here is the new code with the trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tell me please, what changes from what you wrote to me? information becomes true? Not. Then what's the difference to whom you wrote, if this is not true? And if this is not true, then why did you write this? First make sure your information is correct, and then write! and I will tell you this, whether you like it or not. Smart people think first and then write.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
If you respect the author of EA, then you should have read his post, where he asked not to use "OP" in the name of any modification. But you did not read it either. What's wrong with you?

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Because you added your name and Yuriyzp at the top of the display -- as though this was your EA. Your modifications did not improve the algorithm or its performance -- yet you insert yourself in the code and attempt to take credit for something you did not create. Very uncool...

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Wow, you are on war path, or what? No I did not read that. Sorry, just try to help. But i don't see why you attacking me? Let's keep it friendly here.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
there are 2 warnings in your code

return value of 'OrderModify' should be checked    ULTRON_OP_1.mq4    100    16

return value of 'OrderModify' should be checked    ULTRON_OP_1.mq4    106    16

correct
bool select1=OrderModify(OrderTicket(), OrderOpenPrice(), newStopLoss , 0, 0, clrNONE);
bool select2=OrderModify(OrderTicket(), OrderOpenPrice(), newStopLoss , 0, 0, clrNONE);

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Especially for the blind showing the picture: Who sees well will be able to easily notice that the author’s copyright has been preserved! and added authors modification. What's wrong?

--- 帖子 #285 ---
I'm not going to fight with anyone. I even told you how to correct your mistakes) That means I'm as friendly as possible. Is not it?))

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Not true -- the next bar could drop by 10 pips (or more) -- and then you would close below 68.

Obviously @Pawel has spent a lot of time developing and testing the Ultron EA. Why would you want to keep messing with it? Are you so clever that after possessing the code for a few hours you are going to make significant improvements? And for how many weeks or months have you tested your results on a real account? You did one back test? Well, that's reassuring...

The original EA is extremely simple -- written in less than 100 lines of code. And it works. It was the author's design and intent to keep it simple. I suggest we honor his request and leave it to the OP to make any necessary changes. Give the OP the pleasure of "owning" his project without everyone and their brother sticking their hands in and trying to take credit.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
I found if you put 20 on the sl, give you way better result. TRY it.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
I don't know -- looks like your name at the top. I don't see Pawel Gawron mentioned anywhere, do you?

--- 帖子 #289 ---
I see you know better than me how my code works?)) Fantastic)) But you are mistaken, as always) Lower 68 order can not close! This is how the code works. If you think it works the way you wrote, then do not use 3.1.7-TR

How many weeks or months?
How many months have you been testing EA?)))) Do not you think that it is very stupid to ask the question "how many weeks or months" if an EA appeared  Oct 27, 2018 6:34am?))

If the author will need my code, I will give him

--- 帖子 #290 ---
You are definitely blind)) it says MOD !!!!!! Do you see it?))

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Added some more input options to it. Put TralingStopLossRoom on 0 to turn it off.

And under the motto kiss; now 87 lines of code.

Thanks again to topic starter!

--- 帖子 #292 ---
You also asked not to write "OP" in the title of EA?

--- 帖子 #293 ---
The point is that only your name is displayed when the EA runs. Also, "MOD" could mean anything. Perhaps you added something important, perhaps you simply added an information box. No one knows. But you still claim credit -- as though the EA was yours and the original author is long gone.

If you really had to add a name -- it would have been more gracious to mention Pawel, rather than just yourself.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Maybe the name of the author is better seen? I also indicated the authors of the modification, as these two people made significant additions to the original code. Or do not you think so? If you do not think, then do not use this mod.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
You keep calling me blind, but since you did not provide the *.mq4 source code then there really is no way someone else could confirm, is there? Sort of convenient. Also, sort of selfish, considering the OP shared with you the source code for his Ultron EA.

That was exactly my point -- I was being sarcastic.  There is no way you could have done as much thinking and testing as the OP.  That is why it seems odd that (a) you think you know better about the EA than the OP, and (2) that because it "seems" to work in the back tester that people should assume your version is more reliable and robust than the OP's version.

@Feex -- okay, I'm done, I won't bother you anymore. I know your intentions are good. It's just that I've seen many EAs that start off good but then get overrun by strangers who claim they are "just making it better". In the end, the original OP stops posting because he has lost control of the project. Do you know what I mean?

--- 帖子 #296 ---
just a comparison)

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Oh my God...
I do not ask to consider my version more reliable !!
This is just one of the versions, no more!
And the author did not stop publishing his EA. If he stops, he will say so.

I understood that your visit to me is connected with the fact that I did not provide mq4.
First, I have not completed this modification.
Secondly, my friend helped me, he wrote a tral and he does not want this code to go to public.
And thirdly, after your robots4me claims, I have no desire to spread something more here.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Thanks Feex.

Can you set the variables similar to your own to see how the results are, can you also backtest the original one with same data (and post all 3 results in one topic). It's nice to see a good comparison as i am not sure if my modified version is an improvement or not.

Thanks.

/edit:

I did some testing myself as well. with the right numbers it does create more profit and the hours are very important to set right. My input data for optimal results;

stopLossPips = 525

TakeProfitPips = 700

TralingStopLossRoom = 150

hour1 = 6

hour2 = 23

--- 帖子 #299 ---
No bad!))

--- 帖子 #300 ---
with your new default settings, and added slippage to your settings

also fixed the errors that were visible when adding a line:

#property strict

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Hey If somebody thinks that he can improve this EA it's ok. As I told you in the first post, you can do whatever you want. We can learn from each other, and maybe I'm wrong about some things. If anybody has taken an effort to create a better version and is willing to share it, I'm happy with it.

My only wish is that you will respect that my version has OP in its name. If somebody didn't read that... fine but next time please be aware of my rule.

It's not because I claim that my version is superior or something, it's possible to create something better - always.

The problem is that as an original poster I receive a lot of messages, and cannot help if it's not my code, simply because I don't have that much time now for analysing everything I receive.

So I would like to thanks everybody for their effort in making this EA even better, but please, we need some order, otherwise, this thread will become a mess.

Have a nice day!

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Thank you for your support! But I stated at the beginning that it's something like open source now, this is why I have shared this code with people. We just need some order in this thread

I do not claim that I'm the best if somebody will make improvement and others will approve that it works then it's ok for me that people will use this version.

People just should not mess with names, because it creates a mess in the thread.

Have a nice day!

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Thanks Mate

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Thanks for the work you do here. i need your recommendation on the best way to optimize results here. please recommend for me

1. The Version of this EA to use

2. Deposite/lot size.

3. Trailing stop? if yes, what value should be used.

i have read all the post here, i just want you to help me confirm my thoughts. Thanks

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Thank you for the correct understanding of the situation. Unfortunately, not everyone thinks like you. And thanks for the interesting EA) I would say an unexpected EA. Very small code and very good prospects. All ingenious is simple)

--- 帖子 #306 ---
i have installed but it wont open trades? it needs any indicator? in almost 2 weeks i only have one trade

thanks

--- 帖子 #307 ---
All you and I need is, Patience. It opened 3 trades this month. This screenshot is from a real account.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
All ingenious is simple) = quote from Feex =

--- 帖子 #309 ---
I did a backtest from 2001 to now. It had a period of many fails and lost most of the account from about May of 2008 to July of 2011. Anyone else run a backtest this far back and have the same results?

I find it odd that it is very successful but has a 3 year period of mostly losses. Anyone have an explanation?

I put the vertical lines on the chart to show the period where the draw down occurred.

--- 帖子 #310 ---
It started in a mood of eerie calm, but then 2008 exploded into a global financial earthquake. Nick Mathiason and Heather Stewart look back at events that shook, and brought down, giants

https://www.theguardian.com/business...h-banking-2008

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Basically even this happens again  Turn off ultron. Wait for an adapted condition  When we are out of  Go back to good old ultron

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Hi,

Send me email address.

BR

--- 帖子 #313 ---
There was a discussion about this few pages earlier. It's possible to make ultron perform OK in such conditions. Maybe there is a way to make this EA auto correction of its behaviors, I don't know. Current settings are not made for extreme crisis, like the one from 2008

--- 帖子 #314 ---
We got lift off...a bit too far from MA..is it correct? Red is calibrated MA based on the last 6 months....yellow is original MA 50

Calibrated gave a signal, MA 50 - did not...

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Really? Nothing on mine

--- 帖子 #316 ---
and ..a SL...that was a quickie

--- 帖子 #317 ---
I will trust my original calibration, no position today

But trading is trading, hope you will get a great result in a long-term run.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
He is using his own modification, I will try to report trades when they will happen.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
I am actually surprised that MA 50 did not get any signals today, as MA(look at the image) are very close to each other.

Pawel, any comments on why MA 50 did not get any trades today? I believe exponential increase/decrease were at play even for MA 50 today.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
If you want to open a trade because you think the MAs are close enough, then open a manual trade using the same SL and TP. Since the EA does not manage open orders, then the result will be the same as if the EA had opened the order.

Take a look at the source code -- it is very simple. There are a few conditions that have to be met before a signal is generated -- e.g. x > y. Even if x and y are very, very close -- e.g. x is 4.99999 and y is 5.0, the condition will not be met and a signal will not be generated. If you trade manually the human brain can decide whether close is good enough -- but the EA uses algebra and it doesn't know what "close to each other" means.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Basically @robots4me described it right. Program does not look for MA that is "close enough". It's a binary situation for a machine - conditions are fulfilled or not.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
... and it appears to be working. Sometimes when you remove the human intervention, you allow a mathematical formula to do the work. Even tweaking the original EA that Pawel made (to an extent) doesn't result in as good of performance on the GBP/USD.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Contrary to our opinions in trade there have always been traders in one product (retail) and traders in batches of products (wholesale). The Forex market is similar. One likes to trade one currency pair, but some are forced to trade in bulk-several pairs. I do not think that the latter is entirely stupid people.

The wholesale trade has its also interesting approaches.My goal is not to advertise portfolio trading. Just during the discussion I will say that trading portfolios allows you to reduce risks compared to a single trade and reduce DD.

However, your path is simple and purposeful. In addition, the indicator leaves hope for further decline. Good luck!

--- 帖子 #324 ---
This is a pretty capable EA. I hope you don't mind that I've enhanced its capabilities...I will submit it to this thread once I got it perfect...Thank you Pawal.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Good for you man! I would say that it's open source now so feel free to do whatever you want.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Thanks Pawel, appreciate what you have done.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Here's ULTREX (ULTRON) in early development...Scalper;

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Hello Pawel, I have been running your ULTRON for 3 days, although I have not opened any store yet, thank you very much.

E

--- 帖子 #329 ---
What is wrong with you man!? In every thread you start the same discussion with the same language. This is not your thread, let Pawel decide about what should be posted here or not. If you don't like just leave.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Interesting development there

--- 帖子 #331 ---
I'm getting "Flak" from one of the posters, however, my work continues to be inspired from Pawal, and again thanks for your submission of "ULTRON." Here are more developments of ULTREX, 4000% in one year. I will submit mq4 code once I perfect it...thank you, gentlemen.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Ultron is a profitable EA,nevertheless, I m interested in this.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Hahaha, something is certainly wrong with you. It must be, there isn't another explanation for your behavior. But you make me laugh every time you respond. It's a Friday and you made my day.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
next time u pay me $$$ to make u laugh + make ur day

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Here are more developments of ULTREX, 4000% in one year.= soon we'll B all Billionaires " ENUFF" said

--- 帖子 #336 ---
last ultron position was 13.11.2018 so it was 3 day ago

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Do whatever you want, and good luck  I didn't even know it was possible to make a low time frame "ultron"

--- 帖子 #338 ---
hello CashBoa you will release updated ea ? when

--- 帖子 #339 ---
It is difficult to see from the chart -- but it looks like your back testing date is sometime in December 2015. If that is the case, I'm curious why you chose that data horizon. Why not something more recent?

Also, even if you are not ready to post source code, how about posting the resultant statement that MT4 Strategy Tester generates after each test. From within the 'Report' tab you can right-click and select 'Save as Report'.

As a side note -- I think the reason why pipsy7 may be giving you "Flak" is because you chose to upload a pretty chart to whet people's appetite, but then you didn't provide even the most basic statistics (e.g. the report generated by Strategy Tester). For all we know the chart came from a different EA or was created by Photoshop. You have to admit it is not too surprising why someone might be a bit skeptical when you claim 4000% return -- right?. Anyways -- good luck and thanks for your effort.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
CashBoa, don't listen those skepticals, always in FF.

All the broken guys, count on you.

PUSH IT TO THE LIMITS !!!!

--- 帖子 #341 ---
broken ? use CRAZY GLUE - - -tabarnak

--- 帖子 #342 ---
loooolllllll if only ....

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Thank you, gentlemen, for taking an interest in this endeavor. As for providing the "important specs," I am still testing using different parameters. And true, why

show a piece of Candy if you are not going to take off the wrapper...be patient, thanks.

To add the backtesting is between 02/01/2015 to 01/01/2016...why? Just preference.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
any expired date on this version?

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Looks promising

--- 帖子 #346 ---
I thought my post was respectful -- I didn't trash @CashBoa's attempt. I simply suggested it would have been appropriate to include the stats that MT4 automatically generates along with the chart that @CashBoa posted. When someone posts a chart with no stats -- that should raise a red flag. @albert666 -- you've been around long enough to know that.

As for @CashBoa's "preference" for using 3-year old data to calibrate the EA -- well, I'm afraid that says a lot. It has been posted here (and elsewhere) about using old market data. Unless one plans on using a time machine to travel back to 2015 to trade, then EAs should be calibrated using recent data. @CashBoa will quickly discover that the parameters he is using to "optimize" the EA to suit 2015 data won't work in 2018. An EA's settings -- any EA, not just Ultron -- really must be computed (calibrated) using recent data if you plan on trading in the present. The evidence is right in front of you -- back test the current Ultron using different data horizons -- both old and new. And tell me the performance doesn't differ. Come on, this isn't rocket science -- it's simply common sense. It's also Algebra 101...

--- 帖子 #347 ---
I think it's a great idea to try a different data frame. I have to retrieve some more data from Tickstory.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Thanks for understanding and not taking it personally...

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Sorry man, i was afraid that your post "discourage" CashBoa, we have seen that so many times here.

Sorry again

--- 帖子 #350 ---
No worries -- all is good. Thanks...

--- 帖子 #351 ---
This is very profitable EA

--- 帖子 #352 ---
For me you high return seems to be martingale with high multiplier, just be careful on the multiplier. Results it would be safer to use 99.9% with variable spread to give better picture of results. Let’s see when you post the ea, we can test it.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
hi all. I noticed that very often there is a plus 40-50 pips, and then we go to stoploss. Perhaps breakeven function can save a lot of pips.Only my thoughts,reg,,,paavo

--- 帖子 #354 ---
This is exciting, all these ideas. But I have to keep in mind not stray off too much from ULTRON's frame. Meaning I want it simple but effective. A breakeven function is a great idea or even a trailing function...

--- 帖子 #355 ---
@CashBoa and Holy-Grail believers -- here's a clue: Forex is difficult and there is a fine line between success and failure. When you are easily distracted by shiny objects then you aren't really serious and your journey hasn't yet begun.

Let's see -- @Pawel probably spent a fair amount of time thinking about, implementing and testing his Ultron EA. Yet -- within a few hours, @CashBoa has discovered an improvement. And this isn't just any improvement -- 4000% return!!

Furthermore, @CashBoa announces it to the world -- without any proof. Since it's a shiny object then the Holy-Grail believers jump on the bandwagon. @CashBoa has his 15-minutes of fame and keeps telling his followers to "be patient".

The same story plays out time and again. I feel embarrassed for the believers since I'm a hobby trader and a member of FF and it is discouraging to know that I can't escape idiots -- not even here. And I feel embarrassed for @CashBoa -- not only for his arrogance in thinking he really is on the verge of a 50-fold performance improvement of @Pawel's algorithm, but prematurely announcing his results and taking advantage of the believers who can't resist every shiny object.

Good luck to y'all...

--- 帖子 #356 ---
If I may be honest, I have figured out this EA in maybe 2-3 hours. The same day that I decided to learn mql4. I have tested it a lot, but the process of making this EA work initially was very easy.

Of course, I have many years of experience in the forex market so it's not that anybody can just code this without any knowledge.

Ultron itself is something that is "impossible". Because a lot of people would say "it's impossible to code something simple that make money if it's so simple everybody would be rich by now".

It's a wrong assumption that making money on forex is technically hard. Forex market is not a complicated thing.

What is hard is to not make "human" mistakes. If I would trade Ultron strategy manually, I would lose money probably, because I would overthink this. I would be worried to open a trade, because of "the wrong feel". EA do this without thinking. It's not hard to know what you have to do, the hard part is executing the plan without a second thought.

Of course, for me, personally, it's pointless to spend too much time on developing anything for trading. Why? because I can put maybe 1k USD at maximum into my account and it's simply not worth it. I'm doing a computer science degree and after graduation, I will make way more as a programmer. So my priority is my class, and this is a side project for fun and as a learning experience.

Everything I do here is because "why not" in my free time. That's why I'm sharing this, I cannot get much money out of it, because of my account size, but maybe somebody will be able, good for you if you can.

That's why I'm against discouraging anybody from doing anything. If somebody thinks he can do something, let him try.

Maybe finally it will not be a 4000% per year, but who knows, maybe it will be better than basic Ultron.

If somebody would tell me that it's totally impossible to write an EA that is profitable in just a few lines of code that is extremally simple, then there would be no discussion now. And as far as I know, a lot of people think that way.

Of couse such a claims require a proof, so lets wait

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Keep in mind creating an EA that can trade well only 1 cross is not the way to go. Markets are all the same and trader needs to diversify his risk. The more, the better.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Hi all,

What is happening with this thread.

Somebody shares his EA with the communinity.

Good or not good, not that important, but the backtests are looking very promising.

And he shares that is already very positive, most don't do.

And of course very quickly people have already improvements in mind.

We always know better, even without knowing/understanding the original EA.

But that's human and will happen all the time.

After a while people get irritated about posts of other people and start to react.

This reacting gives a new reaction and so one. Please beware us form this posts, which

have totally no contribution.

I see people blame others from taking the floor and doing the same all the time.

Do not punish us with all this posts having no contribution to this thread at all,

because they are only ego stroking of the poster.

Please try to think before you post, does it really contribute.

BR

--- 帖子 #359 ---
I was taught to focus on one thing. Each cross is different and each market is different. You cannot be good at everything.

You basically told two things that are opposite to each other. If markets are all the same, why EA works great only on one?

Also, I have stated my opinion about so-called "diversification". If you diversify your trades, it means that you are not sure what you are doing and you hope that you are right. In very long-term investment it's a good idea, but in trading not at all.

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Yes -- of course. I spend time coding, experimenting, testing... What I object to is someone announcing they've discovered a 4000% return -- without stats, evidence, EA, or source. And then, repeatedly follow that up by lecturing those with questions and feedback that they need to be patient because he's doing such a careful job. This has nothing to do about discouraging someone -- rather, everything to do about deceiving others (and perhaps oneself). I guess you could say I don't like being deceived or seeing others be deceived. @CashBoa prematurely announced an anomalous result and can no longer reproduce it -- the only thing he can share is advice to "be patient".

Let's see if @CashBoa either apologizes or comes up with a 4000% return EA -- if it is the latter, I'll apologize and eat my gloves...

--- 帖子 #361 ---
I agree. And if you review the sequence of posts then you'll see how things transpired and began down a different path...

Before @CashBoa announces his 4000% return the thread is progressing quietly. He then announces his 4000% return EA. Even though MT4 automatically generates the corresponding stats for each chart, for some reason @CashBoa chooses not to include those. Why? Who knows.

Then people start to question 4000% return and also inquire about more information and provide feedback for additional features. Now, the thread has become focused on @CashBoa's new 4000% EA and he thinks this is all really "exciting" (his words). It doesn't occur to him that he is wasting people's time. He is also contributing to this misguided concept of a Holy Grail.

When I earlier said that forex was "difficult" -- I didn't mean physically difficult. What I meant is it is difficult to succeed -- and I don't think anyone would dispute that. Most all statistics and surveys suggest the overwhelming majority of retail traders do not make a profit. I think two major sources of so much failing is: (1) misinformation, (2) expecting a holy grail strategy to save you from paying attention to details.

Though @Pawel may have written the EA in a few hours, he clearly is someone who pays attention to details and how the market works -- especially the GBPUSD pair. And he applied that experience and translated an idea into an EA. @CashBoa has neither -- but, because he announced a shiny new object then, of course, a number of people will be attracted. In the end -- it wastes everyone's time and we end up writing posts that have nothing to do with Ultron or learning more about trading.

One last point -- as far as my posts discouraging @CashBoa, just the opposite is true.  Keep in mind he made his announcement without any additional details -- so, clearly, he is not shy.  If anything, my skepticism would motivate him to prove me wrong and himself, right.  So -- don't worry that he might actually develop a 4000% return EA and not let you know about it.  If he were to succeed, you will definitely hear about it.

I think I've exhausted my allotted time -- I'll try not to say anything more about 4000% return EAs...

--- 帖子 #362 ---
I trade all markets the same way , and it works, why isnt the EA working?

Optimizing for one cross will have its problems, thats where diversification could come handy, but what do i know lol

--- 帖子 #363 ---
This is quite interesting. I am testing Feex edition with "trailing stop" as in post number 270. The only exception I did was to use TP55 and SL68 instead of the default TP68 & SL55 (i.e. swap the figures). Have a look at the results comparing both settings. It seems with a trailing stop/step using a lower TP and a higher SL yields better results.

During the test I have used a starting capital of 40873$ since this is the actual amount I have in my real account. Next week I will start trading with this EA.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Personally I wouldn't trust any back test data that is not 99.9%.

You can back test successfully on 90%, and then test again with 99.9%, and you will have vastly different results often times less successful.

Testing on 90% can give some idea of EA operation, but nothing conclusive and anything less than 90% is irrelevant.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
I've been testing it, and there are months, too big a loss.

I would not use live accounts.

but I may be wrong.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Your stats show a very short data horizon (approximately 2 months) and there are only 14 trades. Statistically this is not significant. Try using a longer data horizon (e.g. about a year) -- you really need about 100 trades for the stats to be meaningful. That's not to say your observation isn't real -- just that they are not statistically meaningful. If your observation is real then it will hold up using a longer data horizon.

For example -- suppose I choose a data horizon where there are 2 trades -- both winners. Does that mean the EA wins 100% of the time? Probably not. But suppose there were 100 trades -- all winners.  In that case it could very well be it wins all the time.  You need a large enough sample size -- e.g. 100 trades -- in order for the results to be statistically significant and taken seriously.  That's the whole purpose of the Tester Report, right?  Statistics (using historical data) is the only way we have to evaluate the potential performance of an EA -- other than actually trading it.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Obviously you missed the point. I am not trying to prove the success or failure of the strategy. The idea was to compare two settings during the same period of time regardless whether short or long. And I was surprised to see that lower TP/higher SL with trailing stop gave far better performance than the default settings. This is an eye opener for me and I will continue carrying out more tests. In parallel I will put this EA to the real test with real money starting from tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Hi emonts,

your indicators are really impressive. keep it up!!!

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Actually -- no. You don't have a clue about statistics. This issue has been touched on before -- both here and elsewhere.

Correct -- this is not about whether the EA is good or not but, rather, how one goes about determining the best settings for an EA.

In order to compare two things (your new TP,SL settings versus the default TP,SL settings) you need to take a number of measurements. You took 14 measurements within a specific 2 month period and concluded that TP55, SL68 were better than the defaults for all time periods. That's simply not true. Taking 14 measurements or 5 measurements or 25 measurements during a different period might show the default values work better. Or they might show some other TP,SL combination work better. The data used for your testing will determine which TP, SL combination works best. If you use a different chunk of data, then you will get a different best TP, SL.

For example, using MT4's Strategy Tester and optimizer I found that during that same period of time a different TP,SL combination gave a profit factor of 8.62 and a win percent of 93.3% based on 15 trades. Those are much better than yours. What do you make of that?

This is where statistics and sample size comes in. It tells you whether your testing was sufficient to validate your conclusion. Taking 14 measurements (i.e. 14 trades) within a specific time period (2018.09.16 - 2018.11.14) is not sufficient to conclude the best settings.  It only means that between 2018.09.16 - 2018.11.14 your settings worked better.  It does not mean your settings will work better for other time periods or even in the future.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Here are some 99.90% BT:

Original EA from OP:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With exponential lot SL25 and SL55 and SL25Lot0.4:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #371 ---
BT 90.0% the same as last above:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Here's 5 Years back tests of ULTRON with 99% modeling quality.

1st test is $1k start with 0.1 lots exponential.

2nd test is $1k start with 0.1 lots exponential using TS.

Raising the lot size to 0.2 increased the profits considerably, but also increased the DD so its up to you to know whats your risk tolerance if using higher lot size.

This EA passed last 5 years back test safely, and made a good stable profit, well done to the OP for creating this tool which we can add to our trading arsenal.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Can you please share the source code for your version? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Using a 25 SL going back further than your 2018 start date results in worse performance.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Hi all,

Having read most of the thread and looked at the code I have one question which I would like the answer to If there is a mathematician out there. Given 2 moving averages how do you calculate the maximum value spread that can occur between them. In the code this is set to 0.0048. Anything greater than this shows increasing momentum. This could be the key to determining the value for other pairs.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
But trading in 2013 and 2018 is completely different. We don't live in past.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Okay, starting from 2017. Only one year prior to yours still has worse results. What this is telling me is the 25 stop loss has more losses and if you had a wider SL like the original settings, it lets pullbacks happen and then still continue in same direction. Since in both cases the loses, including looking at your strategy tests show about double the amount of losing trades.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Ladies and gentlemen...

With regards to which settings are best -- there are no setting values that work best for all dates. An EA is a simple algebraic formula -- if you don't believe me, just take a look at the *.mq4 source code (it is only a few lines) and see for yourself. Settings that work best will vary depending on the input data (i.e. the test period).

If you intend to trade in the present, then you test with recent data. The one caveat is your test period should include a minimum number of trades (e.g. 100) -- otherwise the results may not be statistically valid.

Built into the MT4 Strategy Tester is an "Optimization" tool. You really must learn how to use it. The "Optimizing" tool can be used to calibrate each setting. In this way you let MT4 compute the best settings for each test period. Forget about all these silly charts -- they are useless content and only serve to fill-up the web page. No one knows what to do with them -- not even the person who posted them.

Finally -- don't over-think this SL, TP issue. You don't understand the market well-enough to make sense of how they are affected by all the interdependent and dynamic variables at play. Very few people understand all the things that are in play -- I certainly don't. If you don't trust @Pawel's default settings, then the best you can do is to let MT4 empirically compute the best values.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Ultron has set off a trade this morning for myself...

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Yes to me too

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Hi , just testing on demo, for a period of a month, first week nothing been happened , today is catch my first trade , lets see whats bring on

thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #382 ---
It started a trade this morning on real for me.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Because of brexit. I don't thinkthink this will get the TP. U it let's see

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Update that's exactly what happened

--- 帖子 #385 ---
same with mine . sl hitted , gbp will be very hard currency to trade

--- 帖子 #386 ---
hmmmmm = did u use this ?
_______________________________

--- 帖子 #387 ---
same here overall 2 trades last and this week one to tp and one to sl

Regards

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Exactly.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Initially trade moved positive and lastly closed in loss

I think as some one said if the stoploss is trailing and moved to breakeven their are more chances for success of EA.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Not every trade have to be profitable to make money long term. 7 years average is 56% win ratio, so it's OK. Just chill out and wait a month or two.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Exactly, you can't always win.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
agreed, but current dynamic with brexit will make this test very very yummy.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
yeah i tested on demo account and today is loss day. but after that I start to use on my live account and start my journey with this EA. thanks my bro.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Hi,

I have read all the pages and most of the comments.

I would be intrigued to know how the OP came to the conclusion that the values used in the Buy/Sell  code were correct. e.g. ma4ma3<0.0048  and ma2ma1<0.0013&& ma2ma1>0.0004

I am in no way criticising this piece of work as it definitely shows a profit on my testing and I would like to try and apply it to other pairs.

Just as an aside.

I once bought a book which unfortunately I sold and cant remember the title but it expounded the use of pivots and didn't give any explanation of how the values were calculated, this was considered to important to tell anyone.  Made the whole book useless.

Be  great to help expand the use of what looks like a great idea.  Anyone know how to calculate the maximum difference that can be achieved between 2 moving averages.  My maths don't extend to that level.

Thanks for all the ideas.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
These can be determined empirically. Learn how to use the "Optimization" tool in MT4's Strategy Tester and you will end up with values similar to the defaults you refer to. Though there may be aspects of Forex that are theoretical -- i.e. can be determined with precision in advance -- it is best to think in terms of empirical solutions and probabilities, sort of like gambling, but not exactly.

The settings used by an EA are calibrated using historical data.  Calibrated settings -- whether for a digital instrument or physical one -- are, by nature, determined empirically.

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Thanks for the reply

--- 帖子 #397 ---
I agree. And I'd like to point out something about Equity curves. You'll notice the X-axis is NOT time but, rather # trades. When your eyes see an Equity curve that appears linear then you assume it grows gradually and consistently over time. But that is not necessarily the case. It could be that all those trades took place 7 years ago and then nothing for the past 6 years. Or, it could be that trades occur in clusters with long gaps in between. You have to look at the time stamps of the actual trades in order to get an accurate picture whether an EA performs smoothly or sporadically over time.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
I had NO trade yday on my Live acct = sooo NO loss $$$  post#386

--- 帖子 #399 ---
i'had a trade yd with exactly same Ea.. so check why don't you

--- 帖子 #400 ---
can B diff't dealer aka broker , i use Live - u mebbe demo = my dealer AxiTrader

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Icmarkets live

--- 帖子 #402 ---
I did a 5 year back test with $1k start and 0.1 lots, I took a closer look at the trades and time line, and I noticed a few things.

During the period of 10/2013 to 04/2015 (1.5 years) there was not much profit and the balance fluctuated between $800 and $1300, and from 05/2015-01/2016 the balance fluctuated between $1200-$2000, and after 04-05/2016 did the balance start to grow over $2000. I know that its 100% profit, but this is already 3 years of running the EA.

The profit only really started to kick in in 04-05/2015, and 2018 was the most profitable for the EA where it made the most profit, as you can see in the equity curve.

So from my observation the EA didn't really do very well profit wise for nearly 4 years, and only this year did it make any significant profit.

Now I'm not trying to down play the EA, it is a good EA with good potential, and perhaps during the period 2013-2017 the market conditions for GU was not favorable for the EA's strategy, I also know that the test is based on previous data, and if the EA was profitable only this year then it was probably optimized on recent market historical data.

I'm no coder, but if we can try to optimize some of the parameters and improve the accuracy rate I'm sure it will increase the profitability of the EA making it even better than it already is.

Just a thought from my observations...

--- 帖子 #403 ---
I'm trading from a Live account. It opened a trade for me yesterday. Broker is FxPro

--- 帖子 #404 ---
=======

soooo whut happened , Winner - loser or still open ?

--- 帖子 #405 ---
It ended up in loss. Like everyone

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Hi, just opened a sell on my fxpro demo account.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Sorry meant fxchoice.............

--- 帖子 #408 ---
I noticed this too. I was thinking that it started to have better returns after Brexit in 2016? Higher volatility in the pair making this EA more successful maybe?

--- 帖子 #409 ---
nice , yday NO trade and 2day a trade

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Interesting today I did not get any trade, must be different data feeds from the brokers.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
just Philhosk + me havin a trade - - - nobody else ? ? ?

--- 帖子 #412 ---
I've got one..remember it followsbroker time where ny close is end of the day candle

--- 帖子 #413 ---
https://cdn-assets.faireconomy.media/nfs/customprofilepics/profilepic59713_4.gif = i stole this pic from Simoneg

--- 帖子 #414 ---
this is indeed a useful indicator.

Could you please add push notification to it.

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #415 ---
I use the OP version like you but why still different in open a trade? my account is real.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Ok now a sell order was opened for me.

What's interesting is that the TP is not showing in the terminal, only the SL.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
It opened a sell position today on my Real account

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Getting there............................but, right about now..moving to BE would be nice....Pawel?

--- 帖子 #419 ---
IC Markets live:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #420 ---
The reason why it does best in 2018 is because the settings you are using were calibrated using historical data for 2018. Come on -- this issue has already been covered in recent posts.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
I've put a manual trailing stop in. I ibelieve this will hit to but the risk manager in me like having insurance

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Listen I've followed some of your posts in this thread and you've made some good points, but don't get arrogant or cocky, I was giving my observations of the 5 year back test, and we can all see the results. Now chill and have a beer mate.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Okay -- fair enough. But your post sounded like many others here (and elsewhere) who are surprised the EA doesn't perform well back to the beginning of time.

Your words -- "I'm no coder, but if we can try to optimize some of the parameters and improve the accuracy rate I'm sure it will increase the profitability of the EA making it even better than it already is."

So -- it sounded like you hadn't yet grasped that the EA is already calibrated for 2018 -- explaining why your back test shows the EA performs best in 2018.  This has nothing to do with coding -- the code is fine.  It's a simple matter of calibrating the settings using the most recent historical data.

If you get it then, fine, -- I apologize. It just didn't sound like it to me.

As for the beer -- GREAT idea. It's only noon, but I'm headed to the refrigerator now...

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Fine..you talk me into it....Getting a beer also..been into Belgium lately..and here is the one for mrdfx from Sao Paulo..enjoy..

Going to see this guy on Friday

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Hello guys, sounds a litle bit strange , but thats we are here , to try to discovery to test to explore.

my point is , have you tried to run this on different pars ???

the altor did recomend only on gbpusd but .....

--- 帖子 #426 ---
thank you very much Pawel and TradeForexFx.

great EA, great Indi.

I'll stay here for a while

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Hey, to everybody I'm not at home and my EA is just working there so I don't know if mine has opened any trade. Also you seriously don't have to be so excited about every trade. Single trade doesn't matter at all, profitable or not.

And about break even - I didn't tested that solution, can't tell you if it works. Remember that this EA is not made to feel you good "oh I cannot lose now, it's break even at worst". This EA is made to make money, so if I will ever test this solution and it will not be worth it I will not add it.

There was a good idea I have once heard - if you are excited about every single trade, then you are using too much leverage

I don't have that much time to stick to the chart so I just leaved it so I can gather some data. Let this EA work for a month or two and then we can talk about improvements. Initial work to make something is nothing when you compare that to maintaining and optimisation.

Have a great day and cheers! I have a lot of work at my college, so I can focus on anything here maybe after 20th December, because I will have a few days off.

--- 帖子 #428 ---
A couple of thoughts about it. First of all...the trend. Probably a MTF indicator would fit better than a simply MA working in the same timeframe. Example: the loss last monday was clearly against the main trend (down trend VS long). I prefer to trend with the main trend... I made some manual test in MTF and you can save a couple of losses every month. Sound like not much, but it is not in the long run, if you have 56% wins as start.

Now about the test in 2013. It is ok to check back everything, but as said many times on this thread this EA (as all) should be calibrated. Look GBPUSD in 2013 was trading at 1,60 - 1,70....now at 1,28 (trading around 30% more value in that time). There was a lot of tight losses during that timeframe, this also because the SL was tighter compared to the present.

Attached an example from 2014 (middle apr to beginning of July) 8 losses against the trend VS 3 wins against the trend.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
example of July-August 2014 with later strong downtrend: 0 losses instead of 3...

Without to code too much (even if add a MTF indy would not take much time I think)...a simple option buy-sell only would be enough to check manually the trend and just go with it. Just for those interested, you can´t backtest on MT4 with MTF indis.

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Yes -- I also like to check for that. However, it depends on how you determine the main trend. If you ask 10 traders you'll get 11 different responses.

The Ultron EA uses a slow 50 MA. This can serve a couple of purposes: (a) as a "proxy" support / resistance, and (b) main trend indicator.

In the Ultron code a SELL signal can only be generated if the other MAs are below the slow 50 MA, and a BUY signal can only be generated if the other MAs are above the slow 50 MA. I compared it with the Ichimoku Kumo Cloud indicator and the 50 MA tracks closely with the Kumo Cloud. So -- though the slow 50 MA may not be the most sophisticated way to monitor the main trend, it's probably good enough. And many other EAs use something similar.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
sure LOL question of taste but I doubt that in this big picture a trader can get any doubt. I am not looking for long right now.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
What version do you use ?

--- 帖子 #433 ---
First of all, thanks for the EA. I´m testing it on a live account. Can someone add some options to the EA like money management and the magic number to enable various pairs?

Thanks
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #434 ---
I agree. And I suspect if you drew a 50 MA on your chart you'd find that Ultron's signals would all be SELLs.  You can verify this using MT4's Strategy Tester.

A few pages back TradeForexFx shared his "Helper Ultron" indicator (post #116). It works pretty well and gives you a rough idea how the Ultron algorithm might generate signals based on the current bar data displayed in your chart. I think it would confirm that if Ultron were to open any new trades they would be SELLs.

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Maybe right now, but not last monday, otherwise the EA would skip that (long) loss ;-)

--- 帖子 #436 ---
I just now took a closer look at Monday's trade and I've attached a chart below. Using the Kumo Cloud indicator (which is very good for monitoring trends) it shows that Ultron opened a LONG trade above the Cloud. Ultron's built-in slow 50 MA pretty much tracks with the Kumo Cloud -- so, I'd say that Ultron's algorithm did the right thing.

What killed the trade was a large, 60-pip drop about 2 hours later. In other words, Ultron's BUY signal was correct, but without a crystal ball there was no way to anticipate a sudden, unexpected 60-pip drop.

With the benefit of hindsight, it looks like in the long run it still would have been a losing trade.

By the way -- ignore the other markers -- those are coming from a different EA that is running in the same account.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
I understand, but I am talking to replace that MA with a longer term MTF indicator. This is the picture right now in 1H, the larger in daily I posted above. So there was no need to open long there. As I pointed out in the examples above there will be also winning trades versus the trend, but in average there will be less losses in general, if we trade just with the larger trend. Maybe I am going off topic, if so sorry.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
This is good stuff -- you're not off topic.

I see what you mean by the LTF (Long Time Frame) indicator -- but for me that is much too long. Most of my trades last only a few hours, so a D1 trend that is 24x longer than my H1 EA just doesn't work for me. Using a D1 time frame it looks like for the next month all trades would have to be SELLs. For an EA that already trades only once or twice a week -- forcing it to obey a D1 trend monitor means it probably will only trade a few times during the entire year. If you were to suggest an H4 trend monitor that could be more reasonable -- but I still wouldn't use it. The built-in 50 MA serves as your LTF trend monitor. I think anything more would hurt more than it helps.

It's easy enough to test, though -- simply change the 50 MA to a 1200 MA (i.e. 24 x 50) and run a back test in MT4's Strategy Tester. See how many trade signals are generated during the course of a year.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Ok.

No, MTF= multi time frame, but it is the same matter. I use the 1D filter even to trade the DAX and DOW on 15M and I am happy with it. The larger view above shows daily chart with weekly filter and monthly RSI. It is ok for me too.

The entries wouldn´t change. I was expressing it badly above I see now. I would keep the EA exactly as it is, but use the indicator just as additional filter. Right now would be just short allowed. We would have less trades? Sure, but also less losses.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
I do backtest this EA already I think this EA is work good. now I just try to forward test on my VPS. EA not trade every day may be take time to forward test.

if possible try to develop other version that trade every day may be very interesting.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Yes -- fewer losses is good...

And just to be clear -- though I am opinionated, in the end you should continue to do what works for you. Since you brought up the topic, then I couldn't help but add my two cents. I read lots of advice from other traders -- sometimes it helps me see things in a different light.

I'll be keeping your ideas in mind.

Good luck with your trading...

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Of course, anyone should do, what is better for him. They was also my 2 cents as well trying to improve this EA. It was a looong journey for me . I tested tons of things, but in the end...I am just making my own stuff that fits for me.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
FWIW =

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Just as matter of curiosity I made some manual tests, 2018 the results with filter was basically unchanged, for 2017 there was a difference of 6 less losses (11w against the trend VS 17L against the trend). The avg W was 298 and the avg L 244. Basically 870 Eur with 0,50 fixed lot original settings EA of course. (Pawel).

I´ll try to see the most difficult years of the EA like 2013-14, if there is a big difference or not.

EDIT:

2014:

EA same settings +2328, adding 25% to the SL and TP (due the value of GBPUSD in 2014) results are +3200.

With filter difference W-L= 6 trades =1000

So diffenrence adding filter and 25% value= +1872. In total for the year:4200, not bad for a bad year

--- 帖子 #445 ---
The yesterday opened trade is yet open.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Waiting for the release.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
hey M Propper

are you running the EA on the other charts default settings?

thanks, blam

--- 帖子 #448 ---
More tweaking and release is imminent, drawdown needs improvement.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
its looks like a profitable

Can You share it ... thanks bro

--- 帖子 #450 ---
40 pips is 40 pips. Two days up and down and tomorrow is Thanksgiving Day. I'm satisfied .
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Yes, Ultron_OP_1  1-23

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Well it appears from the picture that the one you are working on is using martingale from the lot size? What if your system doesn't martingale as much to lower the drawdown?

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Yes, good point and thanks for commenting. I've used a "for loop" lot incrementer with a drawdown decreaser. Let's see what further development entails, and yes I will share the mq4 code. Must improve the DD. Here's a month snapshot, using "Blanket Limit orders:

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Looking forward test this on live act.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Here we go. Monitor 28 pairs at a glance. Push and email notification, sound and pop alert.

Have never been able to set up email function therefore could not test this alert. If some one has actually set up a working email in MT4, please provide specific instructions and the name of the email provider that worked.

Have provided two templates, one with alert set to true and one with alert set to false. As a change of forex pair triggers the alerts, you should use the chart with alert set to false to review different pairs.

There are three levels of signals. Level 3 when the signal has just appeared, level 2 when the signal is up to two bars old and level 1 when the signal is 4/5 bars old.  You can set the desired colors through the parameters. When alerts are set to true, alerts will be issued for all the three levels without distinction.

The pair icon can be viewed in a separate window through the relevant parameter.

For a four digit broker, set the parameter "FiveDigitMultiplier to 1. For a five digit broker, it should be 10.

TF

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Thanks TraderForexFx.

Gmail works perfectly for me. Here goes:-

Tools>Options>Email.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
TradeForexFX, thanks for the indicator. There are 3 files, do they all go in Indicator folder?

--- 帖子 #458 ---
The position has not been closed yet.I wonder how the EA will work this flat

--- 帖子 #459 ---
I have put the SL at the entry price just in case.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #460 ---
The three inicators go into the indicator folder.

Forgot to include these templates in my previous post.

TF

--- 帖子 #461 ---
From flat out with a minus

--- 帖子 #462 ---
I get the message:

Mail:error connecting to smtp.gmail.com . I am sure that password ito my account is correct.

TF

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Very much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
still waiting your release

--- 帖子 #465 ---
may you post mq4 sir?

--- 帖子 #466 ---
you should combine between xbest 2.2 with Ultron will be have result better, I think so

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Hello. There is this great money money management EA i got from this forum. I will like someone to help me add a feature which will be great for breakout strategy. The feature is adding trailing stop such that when you enter a trade (lets say buy eurcad) and its going in your direction then the trailing stop will be moving up 1pip each time you are 1pip up.

Someting like this

buy eurcad.    SL: 50 pips        TSL- distance : 50 pips       Trail start : 1 pip

With this you can get your target TP and when price reverse it will  hit less than  your initial SL (50 pips) as it had trailed up.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Ok. I think this EA can do what i was talking about earlier. I just put MAX LOS as 40 and TRAIL STOP as 40 also. Did not put any stop_target which will make the trailstop move up more than 1 pip. Still testing it and i will appreciate if someone there can also assist if there is better way to do it.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Use TRAIL STOP in this EA is not good idea.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Still need some assistance to modify the EA. The trail stop i did worked but when the price is going against me the trail stop also move. That is not what i want. It should not move back.

Tanks

--- 帖子 #471 ---
OK . I think my concept work just fine. the SL will fluctuate for a while and it will stabilize and new SL established

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Hi friends,

It sounds that you are not using "Ultron" EA at present. It is because it is also like other millions of EA that are on the net?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
I've seen about four people comment on it that they are using it. I am testing it out myself too. If you go back far enough in the posts people talked about the last two trades it took. It doesn't take trades every day so not much to talk about. Some people posting here are trying to improve it if possible.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Hi

Why dont make a favour for us , keep your mouth shoot , he give to us for free his hard working to use free, to improve his skills , people trying in reall acc because is look like good, its milions of EA on the market , plenty for every for 10 $ to 10000000$, nobody said to you to read all coments or try or forcing you in anything.

for you i can advise to buy the best martingale EA will be easy the best EA you can put money on your acc , and plenty of setup to try

To the creator do not get upset , this is kind people is just a bunch of loser who lost a lot money on the EA and now want recovery fast without knowledge in Forex.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Hi every one , i checked your ultron ea and looks very promising even with 100 $ as initial deposit.

I'm  new in forexfacory   mql4 programming and i discovered an indicator  and i need someone for making an EA,

it's based on Linear Weighted Moving average indicator

Could you help me ?

Attached File(s)   LWMA-Crossover_Signal.mq4

4 KB
|
484 downloads
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Occam's razor. BUT if we get considerably better results with a more complicated/advanced version I'm ok with that, as is the author (OP) as he stated I believe. We shall see which is the champ. And maybe in the future an Ultron for every pair.  Great work people. Thank you Pawel and the rest.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
The Ultron EA is very simple yet very effective on the long run. I have done considerable tests under different market conditions and all the tests came out as winners. That is why I started using the EA with real money. Yes the last two trades were a loss but the idea is to stick with the strategy for a period of time (say 3 months) then evaluate the outcome. The GBPUSD is fluctuating like hell during this period and I believe will continue in doing so for few weeks. I am confident that once the BREXIT news are over the Ultron EA will start gaining money as it has done in the past few months.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Just to be clear to everyone -- the Ultron EA has NOT been gaining money the past few months. That is extremely bad misinformation. The Ultron EA was published at the end of October. There have been a few real trades since then -- one winner and a couple of losers.

What people have been doing is playing around with MT4's Strategy Tester and extrapolating the results into the future. That is called "wishful thinking" -- and, not, "gaining money".

MT4's Strategy Tester is primarily used to work out the bugs when developing an EA or indicator. It is notoriously bad at predicting the future.

Ultron is very simple and looks promising. But no one should spread rumors that it has a history of gaining money until it really does have a history of gaining money.

As for GBPUSD fluctuating -- yes, obviously. However, in forex "fluctuating" is GOOD -- that is how you make pips. If it didn't fluctuate and was flat then there would be no opportunities to trade. Remember -- forex is different than stocks and bonds since we don't buy and hold with the expectation it will go up over time. In forex traders don't care if a currency pair goes up or down -- it's all the same to us.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
What I don't get is why area people posting about other pairs etc and turning this thread in to an ea request service. Op needs to ban all of you

Too many people here have the mentality of getting rich quick and easy.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Hi,

In this thread you can ask people for coding an EA for you.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=166758

BR

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Hi, thanks for commenting. As soon as I'm done running the test on StopLoss (SmartLoss), I will release the mq4 code on its own forum. Look for "ULTREX" in the near future.

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Thanks mate, you doing great job

If someday you have time, may i send my ea for you? Maybe you can fix my ea problem and make it more profitable

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Hi Pawel, thanks for the EA!

Guys, I have a question. If I have a 1.000€ account, what leverage and what lot size should I use?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #484 ---
We have movement..

--- 帖子 #485 ---
that one you feel safe.

DO NOT TRADE THE MONEY YOU CANT AFFORD

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Thanks for the answer. I'm comfortable with 0.1 lot buys. But I'm a bit confused with leverage. For example, with 0.1 lot each pip is 1€ right? But does this EA has a maximum risk per operation? I mean, the stop loss has a limit?

I dont know if I explained myself well...

--- 帖子 #487 ---
The EA has a stop loss of 55 pips. If you are trading 0.10 lots, then a losing trade would come out to a $55 loss. I'm using USD though.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
That would be like 5,5% risk per operation which seems ok for me. I'm still trying with the demo though

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Stopped at TP

My demo test:

W1 L0

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Waiting for it

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Me too

--- 帖子 #492 ---
TP hit.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Regarding CashBoa's 4000% return ULTREX EA...

Are you guys good at math? Do you have any idea what it means when someone claims a 4000% return?

Let's do some simple arithmetic. Suppose you have a modest, $1000 account with your favorite broker. At this time in 2022 you will be the world's first trillionaires.

What would it be like to be a trillionaire? Well -- let's just say you would be so wealthy you could hire Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin to shine your shoes and make your coffee every day.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
good @ math = they're fukkin $tupid lol , although we need them to keep d winners_Pool full with  $$$$$$$  !

--- 帖子 #495 ---
if i could be a billionaire i will take all the children of poverty and feed all of then

--- 帖子 #496 ---
can you put a coment the name of the EA . . thanks

--- 帖子 #497 ---
This is my statistics for November with "Ultron" EA with 4 forex pairs, first I added EUR / USD, later 2 more pairs ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And i have one open trade ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #498 ---
YOU MEAN 3 PAIRS

is there is some some spicific pairs or we

can use it all.

and witch broker is good ??

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Very successful trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #500 ---
hello Zozon99,

what EMA did you use on EURUSD? Did you change the ULTRON setting?

Thank you

E

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Hi

EMA 200, 50, 21 - has nothing to do with EA, ULTRON has original settings from the first page, only I added EUR/USD, GBP/NZD and GBP/JPY (that one had no trade)...

Some high volatility pairs from:
https://www.investing.com/tools/fore...ity-calculator

--- 帖子 #502 ---
OK thank you

--- 帖子 #503 ---
why so many trades?

--- 帖子 #504 ---
I don't like grid systems but anyway with high leverage - which will kill you if you don't know what you are doing - it's theoretically possible to get very high returns given the broker doesn't fold or starts to play games. Of course when the numbers begin to get too high sustainability may not be very realistic. Below is my manual trading from this morning's European session - last 3 eurgbp trades. (The $94.89 and $110.00 losses were not according to my system and were more or less random.) With said high leverage "theoretically" large returns are possible in this case being 70%+. Now just need to finish my EA's and trade real account. By the way these are basically trend trades with 10pip stops.

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Nice trades!! I'm a newbie and I think its so risky to start daytrading, right now I'm focusing on Strat's PASR Long Term.. Even though I have this EA running on a demo.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Oh, those trades are from another EA running in the same account.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Hi nbelchior, newbie again in forex trading. I wanted to send you a Private Message here in Forex Factory but doesn't know how and where can I send it.

Apologies, if my message here is inappropriate with the topic. Just would like to know something about BBMA, if they have a english version of it.

I'm Jun and I am a Filipino. I couldn't understand Malaysian Language. Thank you.

Would you kindly PM me.

Jun - Philippines-

--- 帖子 #508 ---
bulls of steels 0.10 then 1.0 lot

--- 帖子 #509 ---
First trade, running some +30 pips ...the latest version
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Too funny. Yea, it's easy when it's play money. ...However, after enough years and having lost 10% of a $20K live account many years ago, I've learned a thing or two. Once a comfortable and consistent system is learned like the back of one's hand, it becomes almost easy - like learning a new language. Unfortunately we are no longer 8 years old when I myself learned English in something like a week, as they threw me in third grade and it was sink or swim. Swim it was, but not so easy to learn now at my age. In any case I'm glad I was stubborn and tenacious enough to stick with it - and I'm no genius for sure.

This here will be my cherry on top I hope, or maybe backup plan just in case.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
this ea only have 1 year usage? because when i test only work on one year and then close. its the case ?

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Pretty strange, it works well for me.

Can PM me to troubleshoot if you wish.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
I do manually close

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Working now. smtp.gmail.com:587

Thanks

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Sweet.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Sometimes, it is better to close the trades placed by the EA manually. In as much as you use an EA, it is advisable to also know some basic trading techniques such as support and resistance, candle pattern formations or better still, price actions. Once Ultron places a trade, I quickly do my analysis to know the likely support or resistance, once broken, i wait for the next, if not broken, I wait for a likely reversal and then, close my trade(when necessary). Personally, this has helped me.

--- 帖子 #517 ---
i think Price action enough.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Seems the default lot size is 0.01. I tried to change it to 0.1 to the EA settings but it keeps buying 0.01, can someone help me?

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Press F7 on the chart. You will see attached popup. Here you can change

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Thanks!!

--- 帖子 #521 ---
My first "rough" EA trading M5. Now to filter the losers.

My posts are intended to encourage further work on this great foundation here. Later if I can contribute to making Ultron as good as it can be let me know.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Same, trading the M1 charts. It CAN be done, if a bit less accurately. (Both the M1 and M5 trades were taken with a by all means not optimized 5pip stop and 4pip trailing.)

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Speaking only for myself of course, I don't care how I make money, as long as it's legal and ethical, and will listen intently to all ideas - after all that's how I've gotten this far after almost 10 years of mostly failure. I'll do my thing, but it's always good to have plan B, C, ... etc. if you can at all help it. Thus I am here, and find the simplicity of the original Ultron intriguing and most interesting. My own trading systems/EA's are far from that wonderful simplicity but that is of necessity in my case. That said, given the pure simplicity of it, I'm certain there is room for improvement even at the expense of some of that simplicity. There are many ways to make good money in this profession and as such I will at all times come here with an open mind to all methodologies, but that's just me, and everyone has a right to think and comment however they desire.

To that end please keep up the great work Pawel and my fellow traders.

...Oh, and remember, as the song says "smile b***h, if you're breathing you're achieving".

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Hello every body !

I want test this EA with real account 1000$.

Any guy have try it before ?

I not sure this EA work on my PC or not, because It make some day 1 trade, even 7-10days make 1 trade.

How can check ?

Pls help me setup, i will update when have result.

Thank all.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
You can just use vps

--- 帖子 #526 ---
i open PC 24/24, want try with this first. if can run will try with VPS.

About setup EA can put any indicator friend ?

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Hello tankvn,

Ultron I have a live account and this month I only opened 3 GBPUSD, of which 1 SL and 2 TP. Last trade opened 28.11. You do not need VPS because, as Pawel writes, ULTRON looks for trend movements that are minimal in Asian seances.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Dear Catman1, I m very happy for this development so far. It s a way of increasing the profitability of this great EA. But I will like to know if you have the intention of sharing the Modified EA anytime soon, I can also contribute ideas to make it work better in any way. Thanks and God bless.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Thank you, i try more first, and wait market run. )

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Wollexie, the trades you see on my posts are my own manual and also of an EA I made for myself not using Ultron as a base. My intention was to encourage further development of Ultron - specifically to place more trades. I know that would take it into territory that is at odds with the original concept of simplicity, but personally, I need more trades, like 5 or more trades per day using various pairs and obviously with as much accuracy as possible. Hopefully with more work, that will be possible in future iterations. Sorry if I caused any confusion.

To that end, all ideas are welcomed by me, and it seems Pawel is also of that mindset.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
The LONG trade was closed in loss & a new SHORT trade was opened. Let us see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #532 ---
its good

Can you share your system with settings Thanks

--- 帖子 #533 ---
I wouldn't know where to start. I have many systems and even more proprietary indicators which have been created to my specs. by a handful of professional coders. I myself am not a coder and make my EA's using an EA builder and then copying and pasting code snippets to said EA's. Also I am in the process of combining all my methods into 2 comprehensive systems. One is trending which these days is a bit more difficult with today's price action (HFT), the other being ranging or more accurately what I call non continuation trades as below. (Not necessarily ranging within a horizontal channel.) Consistency is key and not quite there yet, at least to my demanding expectation. When and if I get there I'll probably start my own thread, but until then I can only provide encouragement for this Ultron project to continue forward as it's based on an even more solid foundation than my own works.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Instead of a realistic $100 demo account should have opened a $100,000 one just for the WOW factor.

Seems I am no longer a "trend" trader from the latest stats. Just kidding. Need to differentiate the two markets as best as possible.

Ok enough of me hogging this thread. Now back to your regularly scheduled programming.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Ok enough of me hogging this thread. Back to your regularly scheduled programming.  =

___________well u keep it Alive  4sure

--- 帖子 #536 ---
My intention. It's a great foundation, but the upper floors are not yet complete. I have no doubt it'll get there!

--- 帖子 #537 ---
could you share the settings ??

Please

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Again sorry for the confusion. The trades I posted are from two of my works in progress which are not based on Ultron in any way. Hell I wish they were as they'd have infinitely cleaner code. (These are ongoing projects that for all I know at the moment may give away my demo winnings tomorrow.) When and if I decide to share one or more of my own systems when completed I will open my own thread. For now I am interested in further Ultron development.

Thanks and looking forward to more Ultron progress. Damn I even like the name.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
thanks

good luck

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Hi, I have this problem in my MetaTrader 4;

2018.12.01 09:05:48.758 ULTRON-3.1 inputs: MAGICMA=20131111; lots=0.1; hour1=6; hour2=21; PeriodMA1=9; PeriodMA2=9; PeriodMA3=50; PeriodMA4=1;

What I can do?

--- 帖子 #541 ---
catman1,you publish a lot of messages not related to the advisor ULTRON. You publish the results of the adviser do not spread of the adviser ULTRONE. Generally this is called flooding and is not welcome on the forums.My suggestion is stop your flooding or speak on the General theme.

Let's respect each other

--- 帖子 #542 ---
check your messages

--- 帖子 #543 ---
You got it my friend.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
I guess I'm too simple minded for your elevated off world logic. ALIEN (not able to procreate any more, I'd be pissed too)

--- 帖子 #545 ---
This thread changed fast with the arrival of catman1. Now it has devolved into gibberish after he started hijacking it posting about his own trading strategy unrelated to the post. I don't understand why people ruin threads when they can make their own.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
As we can see from your emotional remarks, you do not have enough time to read the materials of this thread.Therefore, I help you and remind you that I am testing the EA Ultron and upload materials to this thread (for example post#458). If your goal is different, such as to make the free environment of forex traders unhealthy hysteria of politics, then you are probably on the right track.

Still, let's focus on the work on the topic of the EA ULTRONE.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
I agree. Sorry for the foray.

--- 帖子 #548 ---
I've been backtesting the ULTRON-3.4_Exponential_MM_TR EA fairly extensively and, as everyone else here has shown, it generates a pretty good profit when configured correctly. I do, however, think the trailing-stop system is flawed. It doesn't make sense to me to move the stop to where the original TP was only after the price has hit the TP. Is it possible to add a more traditional (and actual) trailing stop to this? I.e., a stop that either moves in steps based profit pips, or a trailing stop where you define a set gap between SL and where the price is?

I understand how some people feel having a trailing stop can actual decrease profits, but I'm interested in this feature simply for testing. I feel, on the contrary, that orders without a set TP but with a good trailing-stop system could actually perform even better, again with good configuration. Now I don't know how code any of this in MT4 myself otherwise I would, but clearly there's some clever people here who can probably add such a feature, hence this post.

What do you guys think, can it be done?

--- 帖子 #549 ---
I can’t found this specific version of EA.... I can implement an enchanced trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Hi ToddyS2K,

The EA is available on post 270. Please have a look and upload the enhanced version.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #551 ---
[quote=catman1;11757465[/quote]

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #552 ---
The EA works well on trends, but in flat it merges more than it earns.It is desirable to fix it. Perhaps in the flat situation through the settings you need to switch it from TP to trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Unfortunately there is no source code (.mq4)

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Buy order opened this morning by Ultron but hit SL after GU melted.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Did it open any trade today? Or on 30-Nov?

--- 帖子 #556 ---
The issue with this version of the TS is that it triggers only when the price hit's the original TP. I was hoping for a TS that maintained a set distance between order entry and SL, or a step-style that adjusted for a set amount of +pips. Alas, beggars can't be choosers. I know. I was just throwing it out there.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Yeah, as mrdfx said, a buy order was triggered earlier today (12/3) but it quickly went south after some not-so-favorable news.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
I decided to stop using Ultron EA till January 2019. The situation with GBPUSD is just crazy during this period.

Good luck to everyone.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
GU is in flat with 15/11 about today. During this time , the EA has at least twice reached an equity of about +300 pip, but since TP was more than 600 pip, it has not fixed this profit. Accordingly, in the negative balance twice triggered SL and fixed a loss of about -500 pips.

The task is: to reduce losses of the adviser in the flat. To solve this problem, I suggest still add him a trailing stop in the form of a dynamic stop loss SL, which is set in the settings as % of the profit and moves the EA as the profit increases with a given step H. A similar idea was expressed in :

_https://www.mql5.com/ru/forum/291798

the EA operation would look like this:

- if the price goes to minus, the usual fixed SL stop loss is triggered (as it is already set in Ultron).

- if the price moves in plus, starts to work new trailing stop, which is different in that the growth of profits in the open position, SL grows in increments of H but as a percentage of the profitable points.

Then in ULTRONE settings should be 2 SL: SL- and SL+

For example:

Setting: Stop loss (SL+) = 50%

Position profit is 100 pips - > so move Stop loss at a distance of 50 pips from the current price (fixed 50 pips profit).

Position profit is 180 pips - > so move Stop loss at a distance of 90 pips from the current price (fixed 90 pips profit).

Position profit is 200 pips - > so move Stop loss at a distance of 100 pips from the current price (fixed 100 pips profit).

Setting: the Stop loss (SL+) = 25%

Position profit is 100 pips - > so move Stop loss at a distance of 25 pips from the current price (fixed 75 pips profit).

Position profit is 180 pips - > so move Stop loss at a distance of 45 pips from the current price (fixed 135 pips profit).

Position profit is 200 pips - > so move Stop loss at a distance of 50 pips from the current price (fixed 150 pips profit).

And the parameters SL+ : the beginning of operation and the step H, the author could calculate at the levels that he found for GU.

If you like the proposal, the programmers will find on this link above, on page 2, the EA codes with such an algorithm as stop loss in % of profit.

Good luck to everyone

--- 帖子 #560 ---
For me, right now i'm just waiting for ultrex

--- 帖子 #561 ---
About ultrex do not write for a long time.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Well -- I hope you have a comfortable chair because you might have to wait awhile. Mr. Cashboa recently unsubscribed from this thread.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
LOL

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Hi. What is the GMT time zone where your MT4 operates?

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Your local time zone -- that is, the time zone of your MT4 session -- is irrelevant. You could be on the moon. The time zone of your broker's server is what is most important since it is the one that sends tick data. Each tick has a time stamp and the Ultron EA makes decisions based on that time stamp (and NOT on your local time). MT4 displays the time of your broker's server in the upper-left corner, and you can then figure out which GMT time zone it operates in. Please do not ask here how to figure it out -- you have Internet and Google and should be able to do it yourself. Or, you could contact your broker and simply ask them -- but then they would know you really don't have a clue how retail forex trading and MT4 works.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
So many versions over here which one is working good can someone advice pls

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Sell order opened by ULTRON this morning, TP hit. +68 pips.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Red ellipse means the equity that was less than a set in settings value TP, and therefore is not recorded as profit.After that, the quote went to the negative area and we received a loss on the stop loss:

--- 帖子 #569 ---
If we instead of TP set for the profitable area of trailing, like the one described above, we instead of two losses would get two additions to the profit?

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Thank you for your feedback.

You are using it in real account? great! Anyway, can you provide me the link to download the EA of the said version?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
That will be great if it can be improved. Nice to hear it.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
So far December has yielded 3 losses for me running the EA, which I'm sure others have seen too. It's important to note, however, the market usually behaves a bit atypically during the last month of the year and that this sort of EA really profits on long term scales, say 6-months to a year. So I don't think these losses in December are really at all indicative of the quality of the EA. Just my statement to people who are doubting it because of it's performance in December.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
3 loss out of how many trades (in December)? What were the pairs?

--- 帖子 #574 ---
In the post № 562 gave a link to a three-level trailing stop. Put it to work in parallel ULTRON and trail the profit. Three profitable trades were added.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Sorry, I gave you the wrong picture above. At the bottom right

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Proper Money Management was not followed.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Hi, Can possible someone help to modify this EA (any version) to have featured below?

1. have function limited trade to 1 trade only

2. add money management by percentage of risk (like trade using 2% of margin on account) calculate lot size.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
This EA is amazing but adding a trailing stop after moving to BE is a must.

I have a general question regarding the lot size input.

Is there a way to get over/ ignore the lot size factor?

In a case and you dont know what will be the lot size, how would you set the inputs?

I'm opening a new position according to a percentage allocation of my portfolio and the percentage isnt the same for all trades.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Where pawel?

--- 帖子 #580 ---
I have a shitload of things to learn for my CS class exams xd

--- 帖子 #581 ---
hi mrdfx  are you using ultron ea real account? what is the drawdown you get?  i am backtested ultron ea 4 years data

i get drawdown 4 years 32.62%  its good drawdown?  my settings 1000$ account 0.10 lot size

please explain;

also i respect Pawel.Gawron  creator of this ea thanks pawel

--- 帖子 #582 ---
kar1356, check out some of the earlier threads. Some of the earlier pages do show many back-testing results and the system does show future promise. Just this month alone, I am up about 5% on my live acct using Ultron on GBP/USD and EUR/USD. I have higher lot sizes on the GBP/USD than I do on Eur/USD. I think as you mentioned, starting out with $1,000 at 0.1 lot size is good.

Being successful in forex trading means to have patience, proper money management and never over-trade or do revenge trading, no matter how tempting it may seem. Over the years, I've always failed at overtrading and not having property patience in the markets. It's a marathon, not a sprint. Anyone out there selling an overnight dream or some system promising high monthly returns are lying to you. I do manual trades myself but I do see Ultron being very helpful in turbocharging my trading acct. If the flow of the GBP/USD continues as it has in the previous months, I see the system working quite nicely.

Good luck!!

--- 帖子 #583 ---
thanks for your reply

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Thank you. will try it.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ULTRON 3.3. exp

--- 帖子 #586 ---
[quote=Cicciobello;11934069]{image} ULTRON 3.3. exp[/quote

--- 帖子 #587 ---
if you use rsi indicator ,i think ea has better result.

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #589 ---
hi everyone,

this is an update version with trailling stop and lots increasing

you can test it and give me advice for improving it maybe in other timeframes

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Hey ahossanmarc. Got an error message when I compile

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Sorry , i modified it

--- 帖子 #592 ---
if the risk percentage is 0.0, then why can't the lot be changed?
It is always 0.01.
How does it work?

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Yesterday the EA opened a sell order and today hit TP.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Does it open order every day or once in a month!

--- 帖子 #595 ---
there is no limit about orders per day or per month

it only makes one order and wait to hit tp or stop loss before a new one

^_^

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Sorry again , i updated it

i thinks it will be fine now

^_^

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Now the lot is working - you can change it.
But nothing happens when changing the percentage of risk - 10 or 0 or 20 - no difference

P.S. still: adding the line #property strict - 6 warnings: implicit conversion from 'number' to 'string'

--- 帖子 #598 ---
[quote=zaneG;11930782]kar1356, check out some of the earlier threads. Some of the earlier pages do show many back-testing results and the system does show future promise. Just this month alone, I am up about 5% on my live acct using Ultron on GBP/USD and EUR/USD. I have higher lot sizes on the GBP/USD than I do on

Hello zaneG,

Thank you for your feedback which will encourage a lot for trying this system? How long you have been trading with this EA? Do you trade everyday? If yes, at which session.

Thank you for your feedback.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
UPDATE VERSION !!!

You can give me tips for improving it !!!

--- 帖子 #600 ---
does not work! Try to set a risk percentage of 0.0 and a lot, for example 0.9, a deposit of 3000. For the year 2 transactions and those in the negative

also you did not correct the warnings about which I wrote

Add a line to the code: #property strict and you will see warnings.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Thank you for your continued effort to improve the system

--- 帖子 #602 ---
[quote=salimc;11976863]
Hi salimc. Ultron will open a trade during the London session of the trading day, which is the best time of the day to trade due to the high volume. However, keep in mind that it is purposefully not designed to trade everyday necessarily. Ultron will open a trade only if the moving averages/momentum, etc... gets triggered. This is what makes this a good system that Pawel designed. I personally don't trade every day either. I tend to open manual trades when I see the market hits a certain level of support or resistance. Over the years, I learned that being patient is key to making any dent in the forex markets.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
I also agree with you. If you use Ultron, is there any reason to trade manually? Do you trade the only gbpusd? I avoid this pair as most of the news is of this pair.

**ULTRON_OP_1tra is the latest version, right? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
ULTRON Advisor was created just for the GBPUSD pair.
To trade on other pairs, you need to select other MA settings.

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Pawel initially designed Ultron to work primarily on the GBP/USD (The Cable).

However, I have tried Ultron on the EUR/USD and it has worked with mixed results. I don't believe anyone should use Ultron for any trading pair other than what it was designed for; the Cable. HOwever, as Feex mentioned, if you decide to do so you would have to tweak settings.

... and yes, there is always a reason to trade manually. How else would you learn to trade Forex? You can give a man a fish and he eats for the day. You teach a man how to fish, well... he eats for a lifetime.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Ultron don't open trade everyday right? For trading, other pairs are there any specified settings by the coder? Which version of Ultron most traders uses now? Thanks

--- 帖子 #607 ---
ULTRON opens a transaction only when all the conditions for opening this transaction are met.

Author settings are wired in the code.

There are versions of this robot in which these settings are displayed in the settings menu.

All trade in the version that is more like it)

--- 帖子 #608 ---
I modified the version of ahossanmarc (post 596)
added information panel

auto tuning for 4 and 5 digit quotes
removed "lots" - it is not needed.
corrected all the "warnings"
The algorithm did not touch
--------------------------------------------------

note: be sure to change the start and end time - in my version, the time is set for the servers GMT + 2: 8 and 23.

If the time of your broker’s server is GMT 0, then you need to set it in settings 6 and 21.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Could you send me a picture ?

--- 帖子 #611 ---
This is your third version of ULTRON_OP_1tra. I renamed it for myself so as not to confuse

risk = 0

lots = 0.9

dep. = 3000

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Hey Cdsaa Glad to see you active in here.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
hahahah.... same here ZaneG

--- 帖子 #614 ---
What is the point of quoting messages for November 2018?

Today is February 2019!

Be kind, do not litter the topic with stupid messages that do not carry any semantic load.

Thank you for understanding.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
I have been reading all pages. And Mr. robots4me, You are the most interesting person in this thread … few posts ago you made me laugh about MOON, also some other catfights with random guys. And then just comfortable chair waiting for cashboa...

Thumbs up Mr. robots4me

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Feex you are dick, I am new to this thread. Going through all messages and replied what I read. Also been giving thumbs up to many posts which I shouldn't be doing then?

Just chill relax. this is weekend and market is closed.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Hi, thanks for the EA, it worked like magic!

I back tested for a month from 2019 Jan to 2019 Feb, with only 100 dollars and it manage to return 33dollars in profit.... this is the first time i see any EA work with 100 dollars!

Salute!

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Front test the EA and give us your comments. Backtest results sometimes misguide us. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
sure, i'm setting up my google cloud now. hope to give some positive feedback soon

--- 帖子 #620 ---
what google cloud has to do with forward testing ? Anway will be waiting to have some feedback from your forward testing.

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Thanks for the upload. I will test it some and see how it fairs against the Exponential version I've been using.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Hi Feex,

can you share the sourcecode please?

--- 帖子 #623 ---
@Feex

Can you add Maxspread in the setting please?

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #625 ---
i doubt anyone will run EA without source code on their desktop directly... safer to run them in a isolated cloud separated from your desktop

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Any one with 99% backtest modeling quality,..to test this setting, please

TP,..315

SL,..77

TP,..100

SL,..70

TRAILINGSTOP,...38

TRAILINSTEP,..18

ultron_lite

--- 帖子 #627 ---
I started reading back through older posts and just realized how insightful this is. I used to go nuts trading every pair then realized it wasn't doing me any good and instead began to focus exclusively on the GBP/USD pair. I always hear "But there's more opportunities and money on other pairs!" - Yeah, and more risk and loss too. Settling on one pair has been the most effective decision I've ever made in Forex trading.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
That's not about more risk and loss or more opportunities and money that's about diversification. You can settle on one unique asset: forex. Then you can settle on one unique pair: cable. Then you can settle on one unique time window: 7-20. Then you can settle on one unique market condition: volatility. The you can settle on one unique strategy: using MA. Then you can settle on one unique parameter: 0.00024. etc.

That's the definition of overfitting.

Basically GU is EU-EG (example). Anything working on GU should work on EU and EG.

By the way, IMO, +-200 trades is not statistically significant.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Found 2 nice trades on USD/CHF H1 running ultron_OP_1, one yesterday and one today. Thanks Pawel Gawron for such a awesome bit of code!

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Hi

I forwardtest Your EA since monday, so far no trades, default settings, FXCM demo, $2000.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Got it. I also do that. But I was confused  as I don't know if "Google" provides a VPS service also.

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Yes, google provide a VPS service... google cloud and it is free the first year or until you expense was U$$ 300. cloud.google.com
https://www.guidingstartechnologies....d-for-mt4-eas/

--- 帖子 #633 ---
I actually use Vultr VPS (www.vultr.com), very competitive prices, I selected new york server according to my broker (IC Markets), my ping is between 1 and 3ms. I have export/import (from snapshot) my old virtual machine VPS for the other provider, avoided me to loose 1 EA activation, really good, if you have a KVM based kernel.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
I thought the point was the google works out free initially. Anyway Ive set it up and loaded an EA so will see if it opens anything after I shut down my PC. Also will check what the cost would be after the free funds are used up.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
This week no trades from Ultron, lets see next week.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
One has been just opened @ 5pm GMT. Buy @ 1.28583 on GBPUSD

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Sometimes no trade is good, bad trade is bad

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Hi Feex,

Thank You for the modified EA!

If I may ask, is there a possiblity to have the option of "lot size" of ULTRON_LITE so that one choose by himself ?

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Yea me too and while I was on my way home from work. The google VM works a treat. two EA's and two trades opened. Ultron si the bottom and I closed it already as its end of day. The tops a shitty breakout EA that I cant get to work so sod it but just testing the VM. Great ill have to get some others EA;s running as got a years free VPS it seems

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Thank you for the info. But those free stuff comes with 1GB ram. That cannot run Windows 10 (according to my experience). Anyway thanks you for sharing.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
I am run windows server 2008 with 2 mt4 in a f1-micro instance, an probe 1 EA in every MT4.  No problem....  Cost only U$$ 5 a month

--- 帖子 #642 ---
hi , i modified the old version and add "lot size" as you want have fun !!!^_^

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Making multiple versions is not needed, the original version posted by the OP works great just as it should.

Why try fix something that isn't broke?

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Agreed im going to test the original now I got a free VPS for a year

--- 帖子 #645 ---
hi folks

just want to share tt this EA backtests really well from 2013 - 2018, even on 99.9% modelling quality and with slippage simulation.

at this point

can someone share exactly how this EA works and what are the principles behind it?

reason i ask is, at some point we probably want to re-calibrate this EA to match market conditions

but its kind of hard to do tt without knowing exactly what it does

and i cant read / understand the code.... >...<

tks folks

--- 帖子 #646 ---
I started to live trade Ultron since 26/November with GBP, CAD and NZD.

The results are very good: 26 trades open (0,7 trades/week/currency), 361 pips won, 1,45 profit factor.

Thank you very much, Pawel.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Pedrofx can you shared the pairs and the configuration for each pairs... Thanks in advanced

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Sure! Here you have the sets used for GBP, CAD and NZD. But don't forget to reoptimize when the market conditions change. Attached File(s)   Ultron sets.rar

2 KB
|
468 downloads

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Why use the bot on other pair?

He's awesome on GBPUSD!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Good results. Which version?

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Does tp funktios?

--- 帖子 #652 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...2#post11980852

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Thanks. GBPUSD looks real good with this EA

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Thank you Pedrofx, what EA you use... The sets is generic for any GBP pairs or GBPUSD... and the others sets CAD and NZD

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Been playing with your settings - indeed great!  What time period did you optimize over?

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Does TP work

--- 帖子 #657 ---
H1

--- 帖子 #658 ---
one more modification.

-------

on the test used

tral - true

ATR - true

-------

note: do not forget to change the trading time settings for your server

--- 帖子 #659 ---
I am not convinced by this new version.

The results are poor compared to the Lite version.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
the results are not bad, they are different!
These are different versions among themselves are not connected in any way.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Sorry, I was wondering what period of time you optimized over - 6 months - 1 year or?

--- 帖子 #662 ---
No need to wonder. Its right before your eyes

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Not necessarily - what was shown was a BT, I wanted to know over what time period the variables used in that test were derived.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Hello friends. I am adding several perceptrons and neural network to this EA, to reduce Drawdown. I am late to publish this because I am using several methodologies, trying to self-optimize the Ea, but it is quite difficult and laborious. This basic Ea is profitable has a profit factor of 1.67, and 55% of winning operations, as he said who opened this thread.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
I use version 3.3-BZi only on majors, no crosses.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Any expired date on this version?

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Hello guys.

I set Ultron on my demo account two weeks ago and still no trade. What's about you guys?

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Hi Feex,

ULTRON_LITE version performance, in short period of time I noticed, seems better.

Is it possible to add ATR and lot size in ULTRON_LITE ?

I have set ATR true in version ULTRON-3.2.0_VTB but still tp and sl are taken into effect.

If ATR is true, should we remove tp and sl ? is this how it works ? Because in your strategy

test report above, you have ATR set to true and as well tp=68 and sl=55.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #669 ---
@feex

thanks feex for the ea , i found one issue, this Ultron Lite has a "global" trailing , it will interfere with all other orders, i tried it few times and my manual orders were auto trailed by this EA.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
86% data is not real on back test. Tick data is better.

for that version, results aren't that great.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Actually I liked this globlal trailing in ULTRON_LITE. It did save me in different occasions. But i do understand it does not fit to

your requirement.

Among all the available versions, ULTRON_LITE has had, acc. to my experience, best performance. The only problem is that

it currently opens very big lot size which is too much for my account size.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Demo on tester with different risk variables for your account size and see what the EA uses for lot size. Use the one you are comfortable with.

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Order opened this morning and in profit so far.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
TP hit.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Which version are you using? I tested Ultron Lite on a real small account in vps it does not set TP, leaves TP as zero so no trade at all. In strategy tester there were no errror when TP = 0. Any ideas Feex

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Have you gotten any results from testing across all pairs?

--- 帖子 #677 ---
I see my SL on the chart with Ultron Lite, but no TP. Is this because I have trailing set to true?

--- 帖子 #678 ---
I have also tested Ultron Lite. 2 trades, both winner. The last is up more than 100 pips. But stop loss does nor work. TS works perfect

--- 帖子 #679 ---
I took the same trade - it's still going. What was your gain in pips? Are you using trailing or a hard TP?

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Real or demo account?

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Hey everyone,

I skimmed over the first 10 pages or so looking for the answer to this question so does anyone know if this EA works on any other pairs other than G/U please? Assuming it's all on the 1hr timeframe. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #682 ---
GBPUSD is going insane. Trailing will lock in some serious pips.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
I have Ultron LITE on all 28 pairs and it is trading fine on pairs other than GBPUSD.

--- 帖子 #684 ---
It hit TP of 68 pips which is the default original TP of the EA.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Thanks ChicagoRob. I have the Lite version running across all GBP pairs right now. Will update that as I only got this EA yesterday. You trading live or on demo?

--- 帖子 #686 ---
This was my first trade with this EA

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Demo, until I sort out the best pairs.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
I put Ultron LITE on the tester, with trailing FALSE. I'm not seeing the TP, unless it's supposed to be hidden.

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Got stopped out at +82 pips

--- 帖子 #690 ---
2019.02.19 06:00:05.459 '1135453': order buy market 0.10 GBPUSD sl: 1.28797 tp: 0.00000

2019.02.19 06:00:05.553 '1135453': order buy 0.10 GBPUSD opening at market sl: 1.28797 tp: 0.00000 failed [Invalid S/L or T/P]

On my VPS. I am running Lite version. it tried to take a trade this morning but couldn't because of TP is zero. TP = 100 by default. Tester gave no error about that even if TP=0. Any help?

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Ok got you now

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Hey ChicagoRob, if you put Ultron lite on all pairs, dont you find it overtrades the crap out of the account? On a demo I'm trying with that method, it opened 5 trades at 1.5 lots with 5k in equity. With a 70 pip SL, if it hit that on all 5 you'd wipe your account. You know something I don't? I know this was originally supposed to be for G/U only, but now I think I kinda see why. Inputs appreciated.

SF

--- 帖子 #693 ---
I put the EA on my tester and played around with the risk parameter, until I got the lot size down to .01 lots. My demo is $50K, and with .01 lots, it's virtually impossible to overtrade the account. I'm just doing this so I can input the trade stats into a trade report and thin the herd down to the five or six pairs with the best performance.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Haha, omg. I totally missed the risk%. I was looking for the lot size parameter. I'll adjust that , thanks! Sorry, been a long irritating day at the day job... which I'm trying to get out of using this or some kind of profitable strategy. testing 1 EA and 2 manual strategies atm. Have a good one!

SF

--- 帖子 #695 ---
The ULTRON-3.4_Exponential_MM version has been doing well this week. Was a slow start to February then it picked right up.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
what settings are you using on this one?

--- 帖子 #697 ---
I know this is maybe a nice to have, but the ULTRON_LITE will change (add trailing stop) to my already manual opened orders. Is it possible to implement that the EA does not change my existing or new orders in Metatrader and only modify its own orders?

--- 帖子 #698 ---
feex hope you help me, I installed it, just as you instructed, but it doesn't work.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
No smiley face. Make sure Live Trading is activated in the EA.

--- 帖子 #700 ---
What's your thoughts on trading around the news? Would this affect it much? Maybe check ForexFactory for news and turn it off before major news hits? Thoughts?

EDIT - To answer my own question, I downloaded the tick data from the broker and ran the backtest over 2018. May 2018 was a bad month for this pair! Looking back at FF news, that month had high impact news from the 8-10th where many trades went horribly wrong. After running the backtest on Ultron Lite and seeing the data compared to the news, I would highly recommend turning the EA off during high impact news on the GBP or USD currencies IMO.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Good afternoon All,

New to this thread and just want to say well done to those who coded this great EA, i have started to look at back testing and see how this runs but must say this looks exciting. i have tried a few Ea's and also written a few but always seem to go south after a few months of changing market conditions. cheers again and hope all are well.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Are you able to get the take profit to function too or it only trails?

--- 帖子 #703 ---
There is no TP displayed on the chart - only the SL. I'm going to put the EA on the tester and disable trailing, to see if it closes trades at my TP setting. One thing I can't stand about this version is how slow it backtests. It takes forever.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Can you kindly share the source code,pls?

--- 帖子 #705 ---
ok, thanks.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Just ran some experiments with ULTRON_LITE on the tester. I disabled trailing and set a hard TP and SL. The results didn't reflect my settings and were all over the map. It almost looked like the trailing was still working, even though it was turned off.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Exactly! I experienced same while forward testing. With take profit set, the EA still looked like it was trailing with a very tight gap! I wish the programmer who modified it was here to fix this issues!

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Interesting. Did someone use it on real account?

--- 帖子 #709 ---
I noticed when I was using it, I could manually move the SL, but it did move back every 5 min or so you'd have to stay there when it's trying to keep adjusting it. Since it trades like once or twice a week according to my results, wouldn't be that had to manually manage it if that's what you wanted to do?

--- 帖子 #710 ---
What makes you think its ultron?

--- 帖子 #711 ---
take a look at my profile if you interested in the real account trading

--- 帖子 #712 ---
What version are you using and are you adjusting the lot size or risk factor? Or just leaving it at default. I know the Lite version has a default 10% risk per trade.

--- 帖子 #713 ---
I'm using the Lite version, i cant do much to it. Seem like the input doesnt affect the way the EA work, so i just leave everything run on default.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Morning all,

Did anyones EA trigger a buy this morning?

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Yes!

--- 帖子 #716 ---
out of interest which version is everyone using, mine was triggered by Ultron_Op_1

--- 帖子 #717 ---
the EA should all share the same condition to open trade, only the way it handle the lots amount and the trailing stop seem to be different.

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Ultron Lite

--- 帖子 #719 ---
I'm running the OP and lite on demo. The lite looks to have closed in profit already but the op still running and at a loss now. Will check on the virtual machine I'm running on later.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
yes i have lite and op_1 running on demo on other machine and they both put buy orders in running at loss, one on 0.01 and other 0.02.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
What are the exact criterias for the EA to trigger a new trade?

--- 帖子 #722 ---
I doubt it'll work out because there was high impact news and EA doesnt do well on that. Plus there's another H.I.N coming up in 2 hrs for the USD so we'll see...

--- 帖子 #723 ---
So i guess general consensus is to stop robot before any type of news, i had an EA that scalped the EURUSD and went like 5 days decent profit then got absolutely smashed on news

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Today's buy order hit SL.

Guess we can't win them all..

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Mine hasn't! Maybe we entered the market at different times. Just installed the EA today.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Opps I had both charts with the OP version on and yes hit SL. Would've wiped out the profit for the week I think if I had the same lots hmmm.

The win I had was another EA im running so will keep it going now too.

Just started another EA via the same VM but with another MT4 broker and it closed in profit. Its a free demo though for the Dax. Anyone got advice on using a free demo EA and if it looks good fork out for the real version?

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Mine hasnt stopped out either yet.. running Lite version

--- 帖子 #728 ---
These are the settings I'm using.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
That buy order triggered recently hasn't hit the SL for me yet but it's pretty close. Not looking good lol oh well. Can't win them all. Had a nice series a wins until this move tho.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Hi , Could you help coding to support XXXJPY and XXXCHF. I would like to test. Thank you

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Now it crapped out and hit SL...  . Friggin news...

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Crapped out, too. Also has another GBP pair stop out.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
I think my theory about this EA and high impact news might be correct. I noticed it too the trade at the top of that huge bull bar which was where the news came out. My fault for not turning the EA off beforehand but thank jeebus it's demo for now lol

--- 帖子 #734 ---
I think all positions auto or manual can and will be affected by important news.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Why did not take any trade ?

I have autotrading enabled and smile on........any suggestion ?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #736 ---
It didn't take any trade today cause there was no trade. Its a sniper...

--- 帖子 #737 ---
have you tried this settings

--- 帖子 #738 ---
You don't need the second shot..you can just hit the auto trade button..think your confused dude its not me gots the problem..

--- 帖子 #739 ---
all settings were ok. Even so, those error messages appeared

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Autotrade was on also

--- 帖子 #741 ---
@Xauen I feel you. I have been having the same problems with the EA. I've tried on different brokers and it won't work... Namely...

FBS, HotForex, OctaFX, Axitrader and Templer, not working anymore.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
I k ow mate is was that other guy said it even though could see Autotrade was on. Not sure what your errors is as its work on mines. Maybe the setting on the times for your brokers. Post up your settings

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Guys one day didn't take a trade..its a sniper  check out the OP posts on it lols

--- 帖子 #744 ---
this my setting..., and the errors occurred when the ea was trying to open a trade

--- 帖子 #745 ---
try this version:
in this version, you can disable Risk Ratio and then the fixed lot specified in the settings will work.
You can also disable ProfitTrailing then only TP and SL specified in the settings will work
note: if ProfitTrailing is "true", then TP does not work. I think this is so clear)

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Sounds good. Will change to this on Monday.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Hey feex. I am not on pc.. can you tell me if this new version lite 3 the trailing stop is based on the atr too?

--- 帖子 #748 ---
there is no ATR in this version yet, but we are already thinking about it

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Try changing your server. A lot of brokers offer multiple servers that you can switch to, see if you can switch. Or it could be the broker itself not allowing EA's because I know some do that but most do allow them. It is an odd issue.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
I want to thank everyone for your answers

--- 帖子 #751 ---
is there a way to avoid import news?

thanks

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Impossible, especially with Brexit looming and Trump being such a celebrity..

--- 帖子 #753 ---
You could programme so the EA doesn't open new trades during red news.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Brexit news and Trump can talk anytime...

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Good day all, is anyone running the bot over the next week I’m unsure due to the possible labour announcement regarding them supporting a second referendum I think the gbp usd is going to suffer a lot of big movements, I’m thinking of halting until we get to April?

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Then we may as well stop trading for the next few years....

--- 帖子 #757 ---
I took ten deep breaths before replying... lmfao.

Dude, the original question was asking if the EA can be switched off during important new releases, to which my answer is thats not possible because important new releases can come anytime (UK and US).

If you decided that the logical conclusion from what I have said is to stop trading instead of not to use the EA....by all means.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
On demo I'm going to keep it running with big lots for a laugh

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Thank you for the EA update.

Will it be possible to add prefix/suffix function to the EA?

--- 帖子 #760 ---
hi,

it's possible to coding risk % to account balance?

exemple:

if i put risk 10%

and

if the trade going to stop.

The loss will be 10% of the balance.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
The update lets you do both % risk or fixed lots...Oh dear and Feex said they thought it was so clear...

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Hey feex.

I think the ultron 3.2 VTB version is better.

If you have time can you put the option of lots percentage as ultron lite?.

And im wondering if it works with atr. can you put an option as well on for atr sl, tp and ts?

This way the ea could fit well on every pair without hard optimization.

making the delta parameters the only ones for optimize.

Could by any means the ea  use the atr of the pair to calculate the delta parameters by itself?

Any ideas on this one guys?

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Haha ok then explain this....

If the risk is % balance, then why i'm lossing 780.00???
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Because first trade is SL at BE, and second trade is at SL.

--- 帖子 #765 ---
No!

780 > 10% of account balance

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Very true, I agree with you. In my case, sometimes its up to 15% of my balance, in reality. MM not yet accurate.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
about 10%: who told you that the risk ratio is the percentage of risk?
If it were a percentage of risk, then there it would be written.
Often, private messages are asked to provide open source code.
So that such questions no longer have answers: NOT.
If someone does not like the appearance of workers with real modifications of the ULTRON in a closed code, I will not publish anything else.
Regarding the ATR: I repeat - the work is underway. We are also working on fixing bugs.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
ok no prob.

But you can make new version with money management in % risk?

thank's

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Thank you for the clarification and pls keep up the good work. Suggestions and questions will continue to come up, it's now left to you to politely tell us what you'll do for us or otherwise. You have been doing a good job.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
If possible can you update the first page with the new findings from the users of the ea

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Buy order just triggered. Let's see how this one goes.

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Keep us posted... mine missed it for some reason...

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Ultron OP and lite 3 in profit as I go to bed.

Have set the TP a bit tighter as will be good enough if it hit by morning. As its demo I can sleep easy too lol.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Think the spike up at reopen is labour now saying they support a second referendum...no Brexit basically for now and for ages if ever.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
For clarity, I'm using the ULTRON-3.4_Exponential_MM_TR EA. Could be a difference in parameters if you're using a different version of Ultron. See post #736 for my settings.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Do they not all open the same and its just MM

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Buy on ultron lite, no trade on ultron op 1. What is the different betwen 2 ea logic?

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Both op and lite3 closed at my manual set tp in the spike up this morning. It's back up there again.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Probably should've kept the 0.1 op lot going

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Traders, pls i have a clarification to make here since i could'nt locate again, where in this thread i read about it; if my broker GMT offset value is GMT +2, then my open and close hour for the EA settings would be 8 and 23 respectively, is'nt it?

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Ffs gu smashing it now. Wish I'd some real £ in the game

--- 帖子 #783 ---
1.318 was the op set TP. Should've kept it open as looks like it's going there and more. Yeah... Brexits off so it seems. Or is it. One more short I hope lols

--- 帖子 #784 ---
The OP set TP hit if had kept open

--- 帖子 #785 ---
ultron lite,..hit tp 100 pips,..nicee

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Thank you very much, doing a good job. But when we want to use trailing stop, i hope it would not trail other trades not opened by the EA. That would be great for those of us who still want to trade manually by the side.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
That's correct. Default is 6 to 21.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Yep, can confirm: Move that was opened last night hit TP. Another winner.

--- 帖子 #789 ---
OK, many thanks

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Wow, and yet no trade for me yet this week with the lite version

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Can you please explain what the risk ratio setting does?

Also you said profitTrailing means TP isn't active, if I put trailing stop at 68 (the original settings that Pawel intended) will it start working AFTER this point? My end goal thatt I want is TP and SL to be the default but with trailing stop if price continues to rise above 68 pips.

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #792 ---
if profitTrailing = true, then TP does not work. Works SL and tral. Profit is fixed only trailing stop
if profitTrailing = false, then TP and SL work without trailing stop

in the version of ULTRON 3.2.0 VTB tral is activated at a distance of 5p. above TP level.
If the price goes further to plus, tral moves in steps 2p.
If the price turns around, the profit will be fixed at the level of TP, which is set in the settings (68p.)

--- 帖子 #793 ---
LITE 3 controls only their transactions

--- 帖子 #794 ---
If possible could some Administrator  update   the new post in 1st page  which one  EA works good.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Awesome! Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Dont think that necessary. The threads for testing the op version only and any others have to find yourself. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Short order just triggered for me.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Me too... lets see how this goes.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
me too and gl

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Yes sell GU Ultron sell it

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Is anyone actually using this EA on a live account?

--- 帖子 #802 ---
yes, i am,.small account,..300€,..4 winners,..sell trade running in the moment,...any one with 99%tick data to test a few new settings??

if, yes,.pm me, please,..thx

im running ultron lite

--- 帖子 #803 ---
look at my profile

--- 帖子 #804 ---
ScorpioForex, I personally have included this trading EA into my overall trading procedure since its inception using Ultron 3.3 Exponential.

I bifurcated its performance from my own personal manual trading (to get a net profit and loss figure from it solely) and it returned roughly a 4% in Jan and looks to return about the same in Feb as well. This is good, promising returns (and as Pawel stated in the initial post back in Nov)... is a nice long term view on the Cable performance. Looking forward throughout 2019, I see similar performance continuing thru the ever-continuing Brexit situations. Cheers.... and good luck to all!

--- 帖子 #805 ---
i'm using this to trade pound cause i dont have enough gut to do it myself hahaha

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Ohguowei, I hear ya. The markets, in whole, have been tough in the recent months. This is an EA that does a great job though. Hats off to Pawel!!

It really will be interesting to see how the Cable performs with this EA in the coming days/weeks/months. I can't be up trading 24 hours a day so to put certain EA's to work when you are doing things other than trading yourself, does help. I really do like the code of Ultron. I like how it opens trades when a move is about to happen and/or is happening.... also, I like how it does not open any trades when nothing is really going on. When I first started manual trading years ago, I fell under the impression that Scalping is the only way to go. Over the years, I changed my manual trading away from that mentality (not to say it is bad, by any means... it is just not my personal way of trading). I feel Ultron complements my style of trading which has worked for me in the recent years.

Anyway... cheers, good luck to all

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Ive got to say this EA is absolute beaut and my full respect to all contributors, Im purely using on the GU pair which  was its original intention and might look at attaching to more pairs down the road, has anyone got others that work as well as GU?

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Okay thanks. So I should be using the he 3.2.0 VTB version I think.

Also what is the risk ratio setting?

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Thanks for the feedback. I have Ultron Lite and Lite3 version. Is there a version that seems to be better than others? I found a 10% risk per trade a bit high on one version I was using so I'm not sure as I've only seen it trade 3 times and has a 2/3 score.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
My sell trade closed in profit, but only took 12 pips... Odd.

Anyone else?

--- 帖子 #811 ---
It's trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
The same trade in my demo account, Ultron Lite 3, only 12 pips...

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Thanks,

I think I will revert to original EA. TS needs refinement.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
ultron lite,..close sell trade in break even,..my settings,.trailing stop 38,.trailing step 18

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Ultron Lite closed my trade with +12 pips profit. Default settings

--- 帖子 #816 ---
same here

--- 帖子 #817 ---
I know this is debatable but I think this EA works much better without trailing stops. 68 TP and 68 SL yields better returns in the long-run. While a trailing stop can sometimes net more pips (emphasis on "sometimes"), often it does the opposite. I'm at +64 pips with the short the EA opened yesterday and it'll most likely close at the +68pip TP. Otherwise, yes, with the large spike upwards that occurred after the downward trend began to form, you'd have gotten closed out for 12.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Sell order hit TP +68 pips.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Fixed TP SL:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trailing:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Bro, you have over 8000 mismatched chart errors. No way is this backtest even close to accurate.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
None of that information is valid AT ALL with 8000+ mismatched chart errors.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Yep. Another winner. Easy.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Are you using the OP1 version ?

--- 帖子 #824 ---
I use the Ultron-3.4_exponential_mm_tr EA. From the testing I've done, it has the highest yield and the highest accuracy per trade.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
8,000? woa

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Sell order hit today for me as well. I've been using 3.3 Exponential.

Nice

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Ok. Here is with Tickstory data without errors.
Ultron_lite:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ULTRON-3.4_Exponential_MM_TR:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Confused about the n/a modeling quality. I think it should be 99% for true tick data.

--- 帖子 #829 ---
It's because this is Tickstory Lite data, and it does not support new MT4 build so I can't open MT4 through Tickstory, but I can export data and then open MT4 and do testing. Because of that you see the same colour for modeling quality as on 99.9% quality.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
If anyone is interested, this was what I got for a backtest over the 3 Ea versions. Lite3 seemed to do the best. Critique if you want.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This Tick Data Suite - with Variable Spread and Commission.

Good result for the period. I will post optimisation results for those who need it. IT is dependent on trailing.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Try testing ULTRON_LITE_3 with these settings:

TrailingStop = 30

TrailingStep = 2

and

TrailingStop = 23

TrailingStep = 2

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Incredible thanks for sharing! For me the best results come from trailing 23/2 but my data is not so good. Best open hour for me is 7, best close 23 - optimizing over 6 months.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
hi, cdsaa,..or any one with tickdata 99.9%,....its possible to runn this settings with your tickdata,..i dont have 99.9% tickdata.

SL,...116

trailing stop,...41

trailing step,...23

thx

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Am testing now with 30 and 2 from 01-march 2016 to 2019 - It is taking slow time.

After that will do 23 and 2.

I will do your 41 and 23. SL- 116.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
thank you,.i wait,..

--- 帖子 #837 ---
With testing I recommend you use good quality data from dukascopy available from tickstory or similar. Also you can use the optimiser in backtester for parameter ranges, it's a bit easier.

Good luck with it.

Regards Paul

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Trailing Stop- 41, Step- 23 and SL- 116

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trailing Stop-30 Step-2 and Other Settings default.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trailing Stop -23 and step -2
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Awesome Thread and brilliant minds at work here. EA's fascinate me, but looking at some of these back tests, I do have to ask (those that have been there, done that)...

When you go down to changing SL and TP by just a couple pips here an there, is that not curve fitting? I mean with enough adjustments, you are bound to get to that magic mix of Tral, Step, and SL, but that won't mean nearly as much, right?

Just wondering. Subscribed and look forward to seeing this develop!

--- 帖子 #840 ---
When i test and optimize, I usually do not alter too many details. I only change few parameters which have big impact. and also while testing, i have reasonable gap. Thats given in the spreadsheet.

But few people have asked me to test their settings and so are the results.

I think signal on the current Lite 3 version is very good, trailing stop is actually helping us maximize the returns from the signal. So you can see the bigger profits based on just trail stop changes.

I think we cannot get best 100% winners on signals, we can only get high probability. And this EA does give that.

Well done guys on this good EA.

--- 帖子 #841 ---
That being said, and given the results from the three tests, what do you chase?

Do you even look at ending account balance or is it more of a profit factor/DD type situation?

--- 帖子 #842 ---
For me personally i would see Absolute dd & Relative DD then profit factor.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
most indicator uses some magical setting one way or another, how many candles, 70/30, (12,26,9),(30,2,2) ... etc etc

--- 帖子 #844 ---
i'm looking for anything more than 51% winning rate haha

--- 帖子 #845 ---
In an effort to spice up the thread, does anyone have any backtesting done on M15?

Open Candles Only looks pretty interesting, but I don't have any tick data...

--- 帖子 #846 ---
@Feex,

can you make number of orders to 3.

I think now, it is only one at a time. Until it close that order it wont open another order. So starting day and time matters for how the EA behaves for each one.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
thank you for testing my settings

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Newbie trader here.. I'm  looking for a profitable strategy in the 1 hr time frame. Hope I could get some good insights in this thread

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Can someone has test the high risk set?

--- 帖子 #850 ---
After further analysis, I concede that Ultron_lite is better. I was testing it with an improper configuration compared to the Ultron-3.4_Exponential_MM_TR.

Ultron_Lite_3 using the risk ratio option with trailing stop seems to produce the best results, as well as maintain the highest win rate. I've found that TrailingStop = 30 and TrailingStep = 12 seems to work well.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
I got the same outcome testing all 3 in BT.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Can you explain the risk ratio settings and how it works? I am unsure what this variable is and does.

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Sorry, I did not quite understand what exactly you want?

Can you explain in more detail?

--- 帖子 #854 ---
It dictates the risk in lot size. So for example, if you have a $10,000 and set the RR to it's default of 10, it will start trading lots of 0.5 and scale the lot size per order to maintain the same RR. This is relatively low-risk given the account size versus the lot size you're trading. If you set the RR to 25 let's say on that same $10,000 account, it will begin with trading lot sizes of 1.25, which is considered higher risk. It essentially defines the starting lot sizes, and then maintains that ratio of lot-size to account balance for all future trades. That is, at least, how I understand it.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Where is this version. Ultron-3.4_Exponential_MM_TR

--- 帖子 #856 ---
At the moment, number of orders at any time is 1. may be you are checking in code while opening and opening only if there is no existing order.

Am asking, if you can allow to open another order when there is a signal. That way there wll be multiple orders based on the signal.

Now, if someone starts EA on monday having 1 signal and another starting on Tuesday with signal, wil have different results for that month.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
The post must have been deleted for some reason. Not sure who to credit for it. But here it is. It's a modified version of Pawel.Gawron's Ultron-3.3_exponential EA. To be honest I don't even know what is different about it. It just seemed to work slightly better.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
I must say your findings are quite insightful! Many thanks

--- 帖子 #859 ---
SE...

in post #858, you concede that Ultron Lite 3 is better.  Are you saying in post 865 now that 3.4_Exponential is the better of the two?

--- 帖子 #860 ---
ULTRON_LITE_3 on all 28 pairs(TS, stop 40, step 20) Just looking for one more pair to trade along GBPUSD. So far, it's not looking good. No trades on GBPUSD, yet. I'll give it a month and run a trade report, which should reveal the winners and losers.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Why you need one more pair,.??? If the ea is very good in gbp/usd,.why dont trade alone,..doing very well in live trading,..backtest with tickdata 99,90% also very good.

Evry pair have different sentiment,..soo trading all 28 pairs with same settings, i dont think is good idea,..but maybe you find same thing good, i hope,..good luck,...

--- 帖子 #862 ---
It doesn't take any more effort to demo 28 pairs than it does to demo one pair. You never know, the trade report could provide some useful information. Nothing ventured, nothing gained.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
No no, I meant that the 3.4 version seemed to work slightly better than the 3.3.

Ultron_Lite_3 is still the best performing EA posted thus far based on Pawel.Gawron's original EA.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Buy order opened with Ultron_Lite_3.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Not supose open orders,..at this time,.6am gmt to 9pm gmt

--- 帖子 #866 ---
I was going to say, nothing opened on mine.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
noop.-no orders for me to

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Which broker are you using?

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Forex.com. A buy didn't trigger for anyone else? Now I'm getting worried about my configuration lol

--- 帖子 #870 ---
I'm running on FBS real cent account.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Very cool idea, Chicago Rob! Interested to see the results.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
I am leaning towards the EUR/USD pair to perform somewhat similarly. Only reason is that it is the most similar trading pair compared with the CABLE. The results would be interesting.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Would the data between brokers be different enough to trigger a buy for one but not the other even if the EA is the same? I know there's slight differences but I imagine they wouldn't be large enough to have an EA perform very differently...

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Check your open hours,..close hours in imputs,..my brooker is gmt+2,..so i have 8,..23,..

Gmt brooker you have to put 6,..21

--- 帖子 #875 ---
sell order open,..

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Just open sell order

--- 帖子 #877 ---
do we have to change time settings if daylight savings comes into effect next week?

--- 帖子 #878 ---
I'm trying to apply Ultron_OP_1 but always get this error into MT4 experts tab:

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Trade opened short this morning.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
You should put in EA in Expert folder.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
justo closed in +12 profit

--- 帖子 #882 ---
mine still running,..different settings,.i have tr,..41,..tstep,..23

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Shit I used the optimization feature a few times to test stuff and for some reason it changed the time values on me and I didn't realize it. The buy order opened yesterday was a loss. Welp at least now I know it wasn't setup correctly lol and of course I missed the short that just happened too.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Short order was opened to day using Ultron Lite 3 using default settings.

After the order went into initial profit the SL was moved to BE, then when GU pulled back it closed the order at BE.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
So what happened to me, just for the sake of information, is that my time settings were set to 6 and 23 (for whatever reason). This caused a buy order to open around 4pm EST yesterday. But in back-testing, with the time settings set correctly to 6 and 21 (my broker time is GMT), that buy order doesn't trigger. Case and point: Make sure your time settings are scaled correctly from your brokers GMT because it does effect when and where the EA opens moves. If your broker is GMT+2, then use 8 and 23, if GMT-4 then use 2 and 17, etc.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Ultron lite 3 sell opened, currently 35 pips in profit, and remains open with 0.03 lots.

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Yes, mine is still running as i am using same settings with you. This settings will make more money in the long run judging by he backtest.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
yep,..last weeks i spend days testing ultron lite 3,..i came up with this settings,..sl 116,..tr,..41,..ts23,..but i was not sure because my data,..soo i ask to a few traders to test in 99,90% tickdata,..and all the tests show this is the settings with better profit in a long runn,..i hope they are right,..looll,..

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Yeah I had trailing set to 30 so that was hit then it moves to BE and so got stopped out on the pull back. Others I see had tr 43 and that only got reached after the pull back so the BE never got hit. TP not been hit either though. Think ill try the tr 43 setting that folks are sayings good as eve the OP version stoped out on that pull back so must have a trailing BE setting built in too?

--- 帖子 #890 ---
The OP version exact same with built in SL 55 TP 68 and stopped out at BE after the pull back so must have a built in trail to BE that was hit before the pull back.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
tbh that moves in GU anything could happen in the next few weeks lol

--- 帖子 #892 ---
What will be the start and end hour for GMT +3 brokers?

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Pardon, Where can i get the ULTRON_LITE_3?

I. can not find where to input for ULTRON_OP in the first page

thank you.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12039413

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Attached File(s)   ULTRON_LITE_3.ex4

45 KB
|
501 downloads

--- 帖子 #896 ---
check post 882,..read only a few posts back,.if that is not to much work

--- 帖子 #897 ---
If you click on the top right attachment icon it opens all the files and images loaded. Can then search through for it and even see the posts that are there for it when posted for or about in the thread . Cheers

--- 帖子 #898 ---
I have tried the Ultron ( version ULTRON_OP_1.mq4 ), and i've seen that it contains some hard-coded variables which can have been over-optimized. Do you have an opensource version of the ULTRON_LITE_3 so i can make the same checks?

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Noop, i dont have,..try to message,..FEEX,.it was him the one who have donne the ultron lite 3,..for sure he have.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Thank you sir. Both  koalabear777 and Arctic118

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Thank you. If someone is using Ultron_OP_1 i can post an enhanced version which has new parameters. The new parameters will let you parametrize many of the numerical values which rules the entry/exit dynamics, but were previously hidden inside the code.

--- 帖子 #902 ---
sell trade, ultron lite 3, still running already loocked 23 pips profit

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Any best setting for ultron lite 3? Or just using default?

--- 帖子 #904 ---
I'm going to run the Ultron-lite-3 on other pairs than GU. Is it necessary to change both the "pairs recommended" and "magic no." in the setting ?

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Yes, still in the game too. If i like i could just run away with 81 pips profit before it retraces and knocks me out.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
sell trade closed by trailing,..69 pips profit,.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Oh, you got that much! Good to know. I ran away with my 81 pips earlier!

--- 帖子 #908 ---
,.i was near doing the same closing manual with 76 pips,.but i let the ea close by himself,..soo not bad,..69 pips auto trade,.well donne ultron lite 3,..thank you ,..FEEX,..

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Started experimenting with Ultron_op_1 late this week. Finally got a trade opened yesterday and finally closed out this morning at +68 pips for a 1st trade.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Sell trade closed with 64 pips.

Shame about the retrace, but in this business you are better safe than sorry... Slow and steady wins the race.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
What SL, TrailingStop and TrailingStep value do you use?

--- 帖子 #912 ---
sl,..116,..trs,...41,..ts,..23

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Hi every body, Is it possible to run the EA on other pairs than GU?

--- 帖子 #914 ---
It's certainly possible. But it is not advisable given the OPs post's. However I think encouraging experimentation with demo, is good!

--- 帖子 #915 ---
I try forward test already best is GU pair  with a default setting

for other pair may be can use but need to adjust with some value try optimizations to find it and do a forward test  on demo

I just try version ULTRON_LITE_3.ex4 result is the best version for now

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Ultron Lite v3 with no change. 1 year performance and 2 month performance. I think it is very good to take an op to trade in real account.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Newbie question perhaps. The hours specified in the set file (op version) are those dependent on the pc clock, or broker server, anything else? I’m wondering now then daylight savings kick in and whether I should adjust them accordingly.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Can you explain how you optimized it? ~My friend

--- 帖子 #919 ---
[quote = cdsaa; 12069470] {image}此Tick数据套件 - 具有可变传播和佣金。期间效果很好。我会为需要的人发布优化结果。IT依赖于尾随。{文件} [/报价]

Can you explain how you optimized it? ~My friend

--- 帖子 #920 ---
I would appreciate a lot if you could share the robot! I am currently using this EA on a live account and plan to test it extensively. In particular, I would like to assess to what extent the algorithm can be applied to lower timeframes by recalibrating the EA regularly (based on the last 50-100 transactions...I will try to check what works best and makes sense (in terms of statistical significance)). In addition, I would like to figure out how regular recalibrations would have affected the performance of the Ultron_OP_1 in the past.

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Look up your broker's server times here:

https://www.allfxbrokers.com/brokers/platforms/mt4

A lot of them list whether or not they change for DST. For anything GMT+2 or EST, it changes to GMT+3 starting tomorrow. And then you have to change the values of the EA accordingly (default is for GMT which is 6 and 21). NOTE: GMT servers stays the same all year and are not affected by DST.

More info on time-changes in Forex:

https://newportquant.com/time-zone-d...er-time-part2/

--- 帖子 #922 ---
My broker (ic markets) is moving to GMT +3. So should I add one hour on each setting on my EA? Thanks

--- 帖子 #923 ---
@Feex:

If I understand correctly you improved the code which Pawel made available for everybody?

can you share please the .mq4 source code of the Ultron Lite version to the community?

thank you in advance!

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Yes, if it's shifting to GMT+3 your settings will change from 8 and 23 to 9 and 0 (there's no 24 - after 23:59 it goes to 00:00).

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Thanks for your reply ,but which items should be changed in the setting to run the EA on other pairs?

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Thanks!

But I'm now wondering if it makes sense since I have been backtesting over years of data and I don't think MT4 takes daylight savings into account when backtesting.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
@Pawel, thank you for this marvelous EA! And thank you all others who have contributed with your modded versions.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
It doesn't.

May I suggest all users deactivate their Ultron EA for this week until the brexit votes pass. Protect your funds.

--- 帖子 #929 ---
It doesn't.  If you use external data with Tick Data Suite, the data is defaulted to GMT, so there's no need to worry about changes according to DST.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
thankyou for your great modified Fexx, ill try to my real account, but this ea have expired or not?

Regards.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Cheers Paul!

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Because the Ultron_Lite_3 EA is more for trading slower forming trends, I'm opting out of running it tomorrow on account of the Brexit news. I think the volatility can confuse it potentially. I'll have it going on a demo account just to see what it does, but I wouldn't risk real money on tomorrow's event. It's going to spike and dive like crazy probably.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
@Feex would you mind providing the source code for ULTRON LITE 3? Cheers

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Back it up one more year. It’s not bad, but the curve definitely doesn’t appear so smooth. At least from my test.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
@fc5988 It was the settings which @feex and @artic118 have requested me to test.

For your information, rest of settings are all default. only trailing stop & step were changed. and it made a lot of difference in result.

Entry conditions are same, in Ulite 3, no modifications of entry conditions were allowed. Please refer to those posts.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Interesting decision. Is there any reason that the Brexit vote would hurt the EA? Wouldn’t most robust testing allow for an advisor to run through thick and thin?

--- 帖子 #937 ---
My concern is not so much that the EA would make a bad move, but more so that the move would get stopped-out by a reverse spike or sudden dive after the EA opens an order. It's also a personal thing: I just don't like to trade highly influential news because in the past it has never gone well for me lol but you are right in that ideally, a solid EA should still do well regardless of what's going on.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Hi, Feex

Could you please modify ULTRON_LITE_3.ex4 to have more option?

my request

1. Modify change Lot Order from fix lot to use Risk Percent lot (Example 1% of balance or 10% of balance)

I think may be modify for can choose between Fix lot and Risk (percent)

2. Modify to have option can use for trade only one order only

(use for multi pair trade but need to trade only one pair)

3. Modify to can change value of ma1 ma2 ma3 ma4 and 3 gap value for can apply use with other pair beucae original can use only for GBPUSD pair only and for other pair I think  need to change it (move value to can setting)

Thank you

4. add Max lot to EA because real account have limited Lot order

or may be other people who can coding help to modify ULTRON version ULTRON-3.4_Exponential_MM.mq4 to have all feature request upper

My test Ultron best only GBPUSD one pair and other pair may be EURUSD and GBPJPY but need to optimize new value MA or gap.

More other one, Can possible some one use Ultron Algorithm made indicator ULTRON H1 indicator (with alert) may be good for someone do not like to use EA Trade. may be interest for test it if have one

Backtest result best for now is Ultron modify version is ULTRON_LITE_3.ex4

Do anyone have forward test ULTRON_LITE_3, Could you please help to share forward test result?

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Oh, my friend, thank you for your reply, I am testing these

Are you testing?

--- 帖子 #940 ---
how do you test for something that had never happen before?

--- 帖子 #941 ---
[quote = Feex; 12069736]尝试使用以下设置测试ULTRON_LITE_3：TrailingStop = 30 TrailingStep = 2和TrailingStop = 23 TrailingStep = 2 [/ quote]

HI Feex My friend!

Does ULTRON LITE 3 have this code expired?

Can you share source files?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #942 ---
very valid point, though there is stoploss which would limit the maximum loss, it is good to stop the EA during this Brexit mayhem.

Still long year ahead for rest of trades. So far Ultron_lite_3 is doing well on backtests as well as forward test. My experience is only 1 real trade so far, which is right pick yielding over 60 pips (600 points). big wins are very nice for trade.

There is no expiry date for the EA.

am not too concerned about source code,

--- 帖子 #943 ---
[quote = cdsaa; 12103291] {quote}非常有效点，虽然有止损可以限制最大损失，但在英国退欧混乱期间停止EA是好事。其他交易还需要很长时间。到目前为止，Ultron_lite_3在回测和正向测试方面表现良好。到目前为止，我的经验只有1个实际交易，这是正确的选择，产生超过60点（600点）。交易非常好。EA没有到期日。我不太关心源代码，[/ quote]

cdsaa

Cdsaa My friend, did you test on VPS?

Or do on-the-spot testing

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Feex has already stated that he won't be releasing the code.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
I have a version that does most of this already.  I'm currently back testing before I release it.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
When ready please post it, will test with Tick Data Suite data. It will give us variable spread and commissions if there are any into testing.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
My back testing is using Tick Data Suite with variable spread, and I'm testing over the past two years (2017 was particularly hard for many bots!).  I'm getting some impressive optimisation settings, and will make them the defaults when done.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Yes it is running on real account on VPS, I have fast connection - 2ms. But these signals connection speed doesn't matter as they are looking at bigger pips.

On back testing am using tick data suite full version. So testing with variable spread and commission of $7 per 1 lot.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Nice

--- 帖子 #950 ---
I see there's one major question in the heart of everyone who wants to use lite3 on real account; 'does it have expiry date'? Perhaps it's the same reason some are requesting for the source code. Since Fees has stated clearly the he is'nt given out the source code, can he be so kind to tell us whether there's any expiry date on Lite 3? Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Great, we would be excited to have it. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #952 ---
I'm sure I saw someone mention that there's no expiry, but I can't find it now.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
noop,..no expiry date,.and can use in demo or real

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Hi Guys

whats everyones thoughts on running the EA over next 3 days, im in two minds and the record so far with this bot is pretty damn good just interested to hear other views.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
3 days wont make much difference for long term trading, take a break and begin after this is finished

--- 帖子 #956 ---
i gonna tack the risk,.and let the ea runn,.i i know its to risk,..but lets see what the ea can do,..i have stop lose soo,.i can lose 116 pips,.for what i understend the ea only open trades when candle close,.soo we have 1 hour to let the vulcan explode,....lolll..lol

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Hahaha

--- 帖子 #958 ---
It doesn't wait for candle close.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
All my trades in real account, open in the new candle and the volume have to be very low

--- 帖子 #960 ---
What happened to Pawel, is he not active. I know he didn't like trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #961 ---
as he said before, he now focus on his class

--- 帖子 #962 ---
My bad - the EA isn't written specifically to wait until candle close, but it uses Volume as an entry criteria, and the Volume will only be less than 25 at the start of a new candle, so the effect is the same.

On reflection, I'm thinking that Pawel is simply using the Volume to identify a new candle.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
I use IC GTM+3 broker

I use the 8 21 time to open the order when I return to the test.

Use 9 0 did not open the order

Can you tell me the time you set up?

My agent time is 00:00

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Hi, last week I loaded ultron lite 3 on my vps , but it doesn't open any positions, does anybody know what is the problem ? here is the settings : Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Are there any messages in the journal tab about ordersend failures?

What broker offset are you working with?

--- 帖子 #966 ---
There is not any error in journal and expert tabs .

broker offset : GMT+2

--- 帖子 #967 ---
then you can wait. it will open only 3-4 trades in a month.

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Hi everyone. I am new and I thank everyone for the interesting information that can be found. I'm not very experienced and I ask if ULTRON_LITE_3 will be usable in the future. Without access to the code, how can some parameters be adjusted, such as the average distance (if necessary)? Am I wrong to say this? thank you.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
okay, thanks

--- 帖子 #970 ---
many thanks

--- 帖子 #971 ---
The last move the EA made was on March 7th. It hasn't opened anything since. It usually only opens 1-2 positions max a week. Also, if your broker is GMT+2, it's actually GMT+3 now as of DST and you should change your time settings from 6 and 21 to 9 and 0. I would recommend using the Strategy Tester to back test the EA to ensure it's opening and closing positions with the settings you're using. Check the Journal log to see if there are any errors during testing.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
OK, here's my version of Pawel's EA: ULTRON_PDV_1.

Modifications:Parameterised all hard-coded values to allow further customisation/optimisation. Amended to work with other currency pairs and timeframes (not just GBPUSD H1). Corrected the time filter. Corrected SL and TP settings to take spread into account. Changed order submission to comply with ECN broker rules. Converted all SL/TP/Slippage to pips and catered for all price feeds. Added money management option as well as fixed lots. Added a trailing stop function. Added news filter (requires indicator FFCal - see attached) Added info panel. Parameters:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The defaults are the best settings I've found so far (see back test report below), but please feel free to test and post any seetings that you find are better.

The time filter defaults are in GMT, so you will need to adjust them according to your broker's GMT offset and DST.

Back test report:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Hey. there is no time limit for LITE_3

--- 帖子 #974 ---
thank you paulDV,..I WILL TEST

--- 帖子 #975 ---
PaulDV,.if possible can you backtest with your data your ea ultron PDV,.with this settings, please,..sl,.116,..trstop,..41,..trstep,..23,..

thx

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Here you go:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Thank you ,..i forget to tell you,..no takeprofit,.i mean , let the trade close by trailing,..sorry,.if possible can you backtest again,..if not,.no worries.

thx

--- 帖子 #978 ---
@PaulDv, thankyou and very good job.

It is flexible and works very well.

Points I have noted. Managing Trailing Stop very well.

@Feex has done good job on Ulite_3.

I am posting 2 images of the same trade, opened on both EAs, @feex "ulite_3" trailing stop gives $54 and "ultron_pdv" gives $100

We all know, we got this trade from March 7th.

Result from "Ultron_PDV" by PaulDV for Trade of March 7th 13:00
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Result from "Ulite_3" by @Feex for Trade of March 7th 13:00
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All Entry conditions still of @Pawel.

Very good job guys. It is good to see team working very well together.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Thank you Paul,much appreciated.

Have you tested settings with M15 or is it better to stick with H1 and are there any pairs you avoid?

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Ah, no I haven't taken the prospect of no TP into account - I'll make that change asap and post a new version.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
No, I haven't had the time yet.  I've been concentrating on getting the EA working as per Pawel's initial implementation, but I'd be happy to see others' results on this.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Will be nicee, if you can show 1 or 2 years data from the 2 ,..LITE and PDV,.PLEASE,..AND LITE VERSION, WITH NO TAKE PROFIT,.let the trade close by trailing ,..

--- 帖子 #983 ---
My broker is IC My time is GMT+3

What is my summer time Horu (8 21) or 8 23 winter time?

--- 帖子 #984 ---
My broker is IC My time is GMT+3

What is my summer time Horu (8 21) or 8 23 winter time?

--- 帖子 #985 ---
My broker is IC My time is GMT+3

What is my summer time Horu (8 21) or 8 23 winter time?

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Hi PaulDV,

Thank you for the modified EA providing options!

may i ask :

Is FFCAL.mq4 working as internal function to EA ? Becuase when i try as standalone, it doesn't seem to show anything.

How do you determine the trend in EA ? Is it based on current 1H candle or closed, above/under 50 MA ? I could see the trend Bullish, Bearish or No trend ?

I know the whole logic is for 1H GBPUSD.

Can trend information be used for other time frames, pairs ?

--- 帖子 #987 ---
EA with the current condition is working well only from August 2018 till date.

Before that, It is just ok. There are not many great trades. 2016 & 2017 not many trades to talk about.

We have to find another setting, to fit that period.

Current market trend, Trump & other major news which is influencing current market conditions, is what we want to focus our trading on. Current movement of market, current ATR is not same as previous year. Per day we are seeing movements of many pips compared to previous few years - Experienced traders please comment.

I think current EA based on current Optimized settings for past 2-3 months is good to trade for next 2-3 months. Then we re-optimize it and see.

There is no HolyGrail Solution in Trading, it is about probabilities. If we have high probability, then we have a edge and winner.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
The default hours for my version of the EA are 07-19 GMT, so with the broker offset of GMT+2 plus DST, you will need to set the time filter to 10-22.

I'm with IC Markets as well, and my times are set to 10-22.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Hi,

FFCal isn't required if you have NewsFilter set to false.

If you want to turn the news filter on, you need to place FFCal.mq4 in the Indicators folder in MT4. It should all then work as intended, however, it does rely on the news calendar being available from ForexFactory, and sometimes that screws up and you can get false positives (i.e. it thinks it's news time all the time!).

Regarding the trend, this needs to be improved, but currently it's simply looking at the MAs and using the entry logic to determine whether it should be looking for longs or shorts.  As I say, this needs to be improved, and I'll work on it for the next version.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
^ This.

Does anybody have the means to see this over 3 or 4 years of Tick data? Even open candle only test may help show a rough idea of its ability. I ask because I think we have determined this was a good system in 2018. We can modify and modify, but nothing done will be bad for any 2018 backtest.

not trying to be cynical, just honestly curious to see what the original and optimized versions look like in the long haul.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
I did tell you, 2016 & 2017 is not that good to talk about. This is based on Moving Averages entry. So criteria would be swings which determine the Moving Averages.

So each year and period would have slightly different mediums. If you still insist, will post for Ultron_PDV results from 2016

--- 帖子 #992 ---
wow!!!!! no comments! i mean this is amazing! will put this to real account from next week stright away! thank you!

--- 帖子 #993 ---
BUY trade at 1.31572

--- 帖子 #994 ---
yep,..buy trade open 1,31571

--- 帖子 #995 ---
same here i think GU is going on a bull run for next few days all the brexit hype was priced in.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
not trade for me with ultron lite 3

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Live or demo?

--- 帖子 #998 ---
live

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Same here!

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Do you have a 'smiley face' in the top-right of the chart?

If so, which broker are you using, and what time filter are you using?

These are the only things I can think of that would stop you from getting a trade.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
So now both @Feex's Ulite3 and @PaulDV's Ultron_PDV both running with trade opened. Now lets see how trailing stop works on both trades. Pips is what i will watch.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
I really dont see any problem in your settings,.dont understend, why ea doesnt open trades,..the only thing im a bit,.,..is the suufix of your brooker,..GBPUSD.P.

MAYBE THIS IS THE PROBLEM

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Why my agent My money is 300 USD But the EA runs Diary Tips The following message No billing

No orders

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Feex, i try ultron lite. When profit about 30 pips, ultron lite will move stoploss to breakeven. When price comeback and hit stoploss, we will loss commission and spread. May you change it to breakeven + 2 or 3 pips? So we wont loss our money. Sorry for my bad english

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
[quote = cdsaa; 12110058]所以现在，@ Feex的Ulite3和@ PaulDV的Ultron_PDV都在交易中开盘。现在让我们看看两个交易的追踪止损是如何运作的。Pips就是我要看的。[/ quote]

Hello my friend, I use FXTM broker

I set the 300 USD risk setting to 5 but the journal record prompts these messages

No order opened

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Your end time is 00.  Assuming that Feex's code is similar to Pawel's original, then you need to change this to 24.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
[quote = PaulDV; 12110224] {quote}你的结束时间是00.假设Feex的代码与Pawel的原始代码类似，那么你需要将其改为24。[/ quote]

My friend, trouble, help me.

I changed the risk 10 to 5 and I can't open the order normally.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Someone was asking about a 5 years back test. I did one so you can see the results of my tests.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Hi Paul

i installed the EA and put fixed lot 0.01 but it opened an 0.03 position! why?

Thanks for your effort

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Did you select 'Fixed Lots' for the Position Size Calculation?

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Hello guys

This EA looks great, Im testing it on XM broker micro account, 24hrs working, live account.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Ulton buy looking good with SL auto moved to BE. Hopefully no retrace this time and TP hit soon

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Hi, help me. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Nearly

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
I'm out at 1.31939 for a 5% profit...not bad for a first run.

I just knew that pesky 1.32 whole number in the way would cause a problem!

I've made some improvements to my version (but not yet put them into action) so I'm going to watch how this one plays out to see if my improvements would have made any difference.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Mine just finished in profit got to say great work on this beaut of a robot and look forward to more profits with it.

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Up +70pips from the buy order opened and still going as of 12:00 EST. Using UL3 (haven't tested PDV yet). TrailingStop 30, Trailing step 12.

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
You went out to soon. It was always giing to smash through 1.32. I've closed out at set TP. Though lite stayed open with a trailing SL have closed as per the OP. Its GU so will crash again tomorrow

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
HI/ I have created VPS Trade Explorer to see the specific test situation in real time.

I will report the results to

PaulDV, cdsaa, Feex

Everyone can enter my personal information
Https://www.forexfactory.com/fc5988

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Yeah, my SL was too tight - I was using 23.  30 would have survived by the looks of it.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
[quote = PaulDV; 12110802] {quote}是的，我的SL太紧了 - 我用的是23.30会幸存下来的。[/ quote]

What?

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
[quote = Emerald2112; 12110557]几乎{image} [/ quote]

Can you see TP?

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Both entered on same, as both conditions for entry are same. Tight SL is not my choice so, mine is going still good, after 70pips, it came down to 50pips and it is going on. I will let it run.

Now on a good trades, we have nice management, so it is nice.

Lets look at how we minimise loss on bad trades.

My opinion - on bad trades, it is usually long stagnation near our order period. so may be we check after say 10 candles, what is the difference in our open and close, if it is less than 5 pips or 10 pips in negative, lets close the order with loss. and see how it works.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Wao, this backtest used only a trailing stop of 5pips? Surely ,that sounds too small

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Some food for discussion: In the period starting from 2015 there have been lesser results, as has been mentioned. The typical consecutive wins/losses however make it possible to use some form of a betting sequence like inverse d'Alembert or 1-3-2-6. After performing some in depth calculations I found this:

The blue line is the standard exponential increase (1.1/0.9), the others are different betting sequences on top of that. The numbers are net gain, start capital 10000, starting with 1 lot, original SL/TP, no trailing!

Attached File(s)   ULTRON GAIN2015-19_EXP-BSEQ.pdf

42 KB
|
626 downloads

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
This looks interesting indeed. We would need the sequences for the top performers and maybe someone can code this in?

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
TRADE CLOSE BY ULTRON LITE 3,... TRAILING,.MORE 69 PIPS,..

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Order closed for a total of about 75 pips. It kept climbing higher after the close but the conditions got choppy and one bear candle hit the SL. I'm very pleased, however.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Today 162.9 pips with ULTRON_LITE_3 on real. Amazing for me

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
what you have in settings,.??

trailingstop,..??

trailingstep??

stoplose,.????

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Wow! Please share your settings.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
ULTRON PDV 1,01

Enhancements:Added option to completely hide the info panel (speeds up testing). TP can now be zero...order will only close when price hits (trailing) SL or retracement. Added Retrace Exit feature. This will exit the trade if price breaks and closes above/below the 50 SMA. Added ability to open more than one trade at a time. No more than one trade will open per candle. The best settings I've found for 2019 are:
Defaults plus...Max Orders=5SL=70TP=0Trail SL=45Trail step=1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Have fun!

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Two trades so far on live account using std settings,

07/03/2019 +65 pips with 25 pip DD.

13/03/2019 +65 pips with 10 pip DD.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Those results! Wow. I'll be testing this for use on a live account. Thank you for sharing.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Wao, wao wao!. This is brilliant and very kind of you! It even includes a news fllter? Great! You're blessed!

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Do you have anyway to show this over longer than a couple of months?

If you only bought once since 1/1/2019, you would be up 650 pips. We know this has worked on all settings the last 6 months. what does this look like for these dates:

1/1/2016 to 3/20/2016...

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Very nice Paul,

Now all signals will be taken into account, irrespective of when we start the EA.

Interesting feature on retrace. will test how it works, and give feedback.

All in all last night was a good day for our trade.

During March we have had 2 trades one on 7th march and other on 13th March. But by allowing 5 trades, we can see how many other signals came during that period. Total of 5 trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
This is test from March 2018, with settings given above.

Max Orders=5SL=70TP=0Trail SL=45Trail step=1
Now let me point out the Bug or issue. May be if we correct it, the result will be far better.

It is my oversight to point this out. If the Trailing Step is bigger than 1, it does calculate the Trailing properly.

Trailing stop calculation and modification of orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Here is for March 2019, we all know 2 trades with our previous Ulite3 and PDV. Am comparing known results.

Max orders-5

This is with TP-0

Sl-70

Trailing Stop- 40

Trailing Step- 14

(these are the settings I use).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Max orders- 5

This is with TP-100

Sl-70

Trailing Stop- 40

Trailing Step- 14

(these are the settings I use 40/14).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There is additional 40% gain by including multiple signals and drawdown increase is 6% (14% vs 8%)

This is standard with 1 order at any time.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Significant Improvement on our results, where the signal was right.

Good Work @PaulDV

Again Thanks  to @Pawel & @Feex

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Whenever I try to apply the FFCal indicator to a chart, it doesn't do anything. No configuration window appears. Nothing happens. Anyone else getting this issue? I put it in the correct MT4 Indicator folder...

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
FFCal compilation error.

EA would access it when needed. Use this instead.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
I am live with pawel gawron but demo with FEEX & Paul.

Pawel, Feex & Paul EA are all profitable. I believe EA check volume/price action before entering the trade. Entry is same but exit are with different logic. Last night, Paul exit was on half way as its very secure exit, Pawel exit with set tp, but FEEX EA was the winner. Collected extra pips more than TP. Some guys used Stop loss was hit. So Guys, your stop loss didn't hit but trailing stop was hit last night. :-)

I am giving my understanding and opinion, but correct me guys if I'm wrong.

Pawel: His EA will often see Green pips turned in RED pips tha'ts why he says 58% winning.

Feex: His EA start trailing stop from TP. So we will often see Green pips turn in RED pips. But winning trades will cover half of loss trades, let's assume 75% winning.

Paul: His EA lock-in profit with trailing stops so you will see GREEN pips only. 90% to 98% winning due to trailingStop activation.

Oh yes, I am going to include Paul & Feex versions to my EA portfolio live account. Green pips to you all

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Thanks cdsaa

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
I have two profitable trades from last week on this EA, and I just noticed that I have had it on the 5Min. Anyone look into this as well?

my back tests over past few months show slight increase in overall profit with similar DD numbers. Essentially as of 1/1, looks like about 21 trades vs the 13 I saw on H1 backrest.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
SL-85

Trailing Stop- 41

Trailing Step- 23

R/R - 5.0

rest settings custom

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
You shouldn't need to apply FFCal to the chart as the EA simply loads it itself.

That said, what errors are you getting?  I've tried loading it manually and don't get any errors myself, but if there's a problem then I'd like to know.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
I thought it might be a good idea, as you could use it with no TP and no trailing stop, and let the trade follow the trend until it crosses the 50 SMA, so coded it in.

On testing however, it doesn't do great in this capacity.  Although it can be used in conjunction with a trailing stop to catch retraces that happen before the SL is hit, thus potentially slightly reducing the loss from the maximum.  But again, I'd need to test the efficiency of this exit method vs the others.

Essentially, it's just another possible tool to add into the mix and someone may come up with something wierd that works

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
In my broker, the currencies have a suffix ending in ".p" for example the gbpusd is gbpusd.p

When I added the ea to the gbpusd.p chart I got a message saying that this ea is for gbpusd. Could you modify this issue, please?

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
FFCal doesnt compile.

'TimeGMT' - ambiguous call to overloaded function with the same parameters FFCal.mq4 602 32

You may have had compiled edition, so it may be working. as this mq4 file has been done a while ago, there are warnings and 1 error.

mq4 is not compiling so it is unable to load the indicator. That is error which was mentioned earlier.

FFC i gave is without any errors or warnings.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Well blow me - you're right.  I was using the compiled version all along when I thought I was using the MQ4 file.

This indicator isn't mine, and as far as I can tell it's open source, which is why I included it, but if it doesn't work then I'll correct it either by fixing it up or perhaps using the version you've kindly supplied.

I'll post an update soon(ish).

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
The top performer betting sequence will be different for every trader because it has its impact on DD, margin% etc. but once coded would make things easier.

Another (almost) overlooked improvement could be the gradual reducing of the SL (NOT BE or beyond): for every e.g. 20 positive pips reduce the SL with some % of that amount.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
I already know it. So I ask if the ea works with the suffix and if it is not, if he could modify it so that it works

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
It's on the list.

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
It still works - it's just a warning that you're not running it on the pair and timeframe it's designed for.

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
I've never heard of this, although what you're describing sounds very reminiscent of the Roulette Trader Money Management strategy: start with a multiplication factor of 1, if the trade wins, increase the factor by 1. Use a set maximum factor and reset back to 1 when either the target is reached (thus 'locking in' the profit already achieved) or a loss is incurred.

Is this along the lines that you're thinking of? If so, then I've already coded an EA that does this and wouldn't take much to integrate with Ultron.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
thanks for your prompt response

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Brain brain … superb strategy.. Sounds BRILLIANT.

My apology didn't read this post before.

I"ll definitely give it a go.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
An interesting 'mistake'...I'll give this a try when I can and report back.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
m5 is not great.

on MA- did you remove the hardcoded 60 to use current timeframe?

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
I WAS TESTING FOR THE PAST 3 WEEKS,..m1,..m5,..m15,...m30,..give up yesterday,..maybe not the right settings,..the best with litle profit was m30.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Similar, but not quite the same. The sequence 1-3-2-6 for ex. cannot be done with a fixed factor. You would need to specify your preferred sequence as (x,x,x,x,...), can be 2, 3 or more numbers. For the Ultron we don't need more than 4 I think.

Example: start lot =1, and changes during a winning streak to 3,2, and 6 lots. This repeats until you lose where it gets reset to 1 lot (or better to a risk related value).You would then need an input for the base lot (1) and another one for the sequence (3,2,6) in this case.

If you already have similar code you might give it a go!

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Yes, it uses the current timeframe.

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Thanks for the explanation.  I'll give this some thought.

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
This has been on my mind for some time too.

I'm considering allowing different forms of trailing stop, such as:None Regular (starts trailing when x pips in profit) Immediate (starts trailing as soon as the price is x pips ahead of the SL, and then by a certain step) EMA (SL follows the curve of a specified EMA, trailing x candles behind). Factored (starts trailing immediately the order in opened, and trails according to the % that the price has moved toward the TP) In the last scenario, for example, if the TP and SL are both 100, the SL is moved 2 pips for every 1 pip the price moves (because the ratio between the SL and TP is twice that of the Open Price and TP).  I'm thinking that perhaps this should be geared down by a % factor to avoid closing too tight too soon, e.g. 80%, so the SL will move 16 pips for every 10 that the price moves?

Thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
As soon we reduce the SL, the probability of hitting the target also gets smaller so I was thinking in the line of only taking a part (or max 100%) of the favourable excursion. So, price moves 20 pips+, SL is reduced with 10 pips or so (50%  of the gained pips).  I looked through some 100 trades and this gives a good result.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
I just wanted to comment and say that it's nice to see everyone freely exchanging information. I see a lot of threads where someone will brag they modified an EA a certain way and boast about returns but not share it at all. Huge thanks to Pawel, Feex, Pauldv, and everyone else who has shared ideas, information, and results in this thread. Let's keep it going.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Yep,..thats very true

Not easy to see a thread, WHERE EVRY ONE TRY TO HELP A LITLE BIT,...and also not easy to see a thread where no one came with bad comments,..thx guys

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
ULTRON_PDV_102
ULTRON_PDV_103

Updates:Corrected MA3MA4Max info on panel. Corrected detection of currency pair for warning message (should now ignore broker prefixes and suffixes). Converted MA gap parameters to pip to make things easier to understand. Updated the news filter to use FFC.EX4 (thanks @cdsaa) as the old version seemed corrupted. News filter now included Holidays, so you can suspend trading on holidays if you wish. No massive strides forward for this version, but I've seen a few suggestions which may add some value to this little EA, so watch this space.

Note that the FFC indicator is only required of you plan on using the news filter.

(Last-minute update as I discovered that one of the changes had badly affected the profitability and I had to fix it...all sorted now!)

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Brilliant thank you. Are default settings good to go with?

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Hi Paul

How was the result of backtest with this version?

A friend did from 2014, and just good results in the last years 2017-2019

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
They should be, however you will need to update the time filter with your broker's GMT offset.

You may also want to try out the setting here: https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...8#post12112388

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Yeah, all back tests prior to 2018 are so-so, I'm afraid.  I guess the markets then were a little different.

Of course, there's every possibility that the markets will change again, and this EA no longer works quite as well, but I'm hoping that someone who knows trading strategies well will be able to come up with some good settings going forward.

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
I still want to see an atr ts and stop loss based version to have an ea less curve fitted as possible. And since you change the gap of the ema to pips, maybe we could find a formula to make an atr ma gap. I think that was never made

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Just a little fun...this is what you could get if you ramp the risk up to 50%...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

(Not that I would)

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Woooot PaulDV making us all millionaires

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Hahahaha loll...

Not now, but I may try this in future ..

mrdfx is busy somewhere, soon he'll come up with good suggestions.

But for now will load v3 in demo account. Finger cross.

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Yes, the 2018 year is very bad, since November 2018 to  today the EA makes good profits. Hope this EA works for 7 years more.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Thanks Paul for continues improvements

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Whatever goes up comes down. We are in big cylce from 2001 to 2010 upTrend and from 2010 to 2022 downTrend against US$.

if you want to predict the market so you have charts. Test it from 2010 to 2001 (NO no no not 2001 to 2010 but 2010 to 2001 reverse), if your EA passes then verify from 2010 to 2022 that should pass too, if not so don't tune it but if you do then your EA is more efficient and reliable for future sudden bumps. Also you need to learn to read charts and know cycles. EA works for 1 year 3 years and loss everything in 1 month. So limit your losses by allowing portion of available balance instead giving it 100% pc portion.

Inserted Video

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Can someone backtest from 2014 to 2016 and lets see how badly the EA perfomed at that time? i guess it was because there was low volume in the markets at those period. The EA works well with higher market volume.We must just find out a way to adjust the EA to changing market conditions by optimising it, at least on a yearly basis to get best results. Markets will always change

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
version Ultron_PDV101 results with my usual setting with 10% risk from March 2018 to 2019

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

version Ultron_PDV103 results on same settings.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Results improved from 79 trades to 81 trades, additional profit of 3000 - from 12k to 15k on 1000 initial balance.

For the fun of it, on small initial balance of $100
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
$100 WITH 0.1L?

Pretty good result

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
on $100 it started with 0.01 lot size.

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
what would happen if you switch on the multi trades(maybe 10?) parameter?

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
multiple orders test

Version PDV101

With 2 multiple orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With 10 multiple order setting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I was the one who requested that we need to check multiple orders, so that we do not miss other signals and we get same result, even if someone starts at a different times. But now, i feel it is not worth the risk, DD is increasing considerably. Max i would go would be 2 multi orders.

Usual with 1 order at a time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
I'm testing on live cent account ,  i have a little question,

is this EA open trades when volume less than 25 ( < 25).

my volume seems always greater than 300

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
so it will wait, until the signal conditions are met.

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
>60% dd is indeed dreadful, thanks for the warning.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Hey. You may be asked to test ULTRON_LITE_3 with the following settings:
balance 100 $
TrailingStop 23
TrailingStep 2
Openhour 7
CloseHour 21
(2018.03.01-2019.03.14)
the rest of the default settings.
And, if the same test is not difficult, only TrailingStop 30

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
will do.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
I concur - my testing has shown the same: multiple orders appears to be great idea, but with detailed testing you see very quickly that it's not that good. (I may take it out in a future version just to avoid confusion and temptation).

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Thanks you. I just wanted to compare your PDV_3 test with a balance of $ 100 and the same test LITE_3

And I'm interested in three results:

profit

drawdown

and most importantly: the maximum number of consecutive losses

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Thanks for the screen shot - I can see that I've messed up the info panel and need to fix it to show the current gap figures.  I hadn't noticed that myself.

It's supposed to show the current values vs the expected ranges, and when they are all green it is ready to open a new order.

Despite the panel figures though, it is still working.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
it is still running another 3 months to go

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Results for test which @Feex has asked on $100

Trailing Stop- 23

Step-2

Time -7

21

Ulite_3 from March 2018 to March 2019

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ulton PDV 103 with SL-70 and TP-0
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ultron_PDV_103 from March 2018 to March 2019

Same settings which is trailing stop-23 and step-2 time- 7 and 21
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Both EA have some very good signal. Maximising profit from the same trade using Trailing stop is where the difference is.

I would like us to focus on making the quality of signal better.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
@PaulDV Please do not remove the Multiple Orders yet. I want to find the optimal signal settings. Now that we are able to maximise the Profit on the given signal, lets focus on improving signals across the time period.

Our EA is is performing well from time period August to now. Before that it is average.

So i think it is to do with Swings, Since August we have some big swings - which indicate trending markets.

Lets put our brains and see how we overcome lower swings after this Brexit drama is finished end of March.

We will not sit with big swings after this March 2019.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Interesting results, however I notice that the SL and TP are different on each test.

For a true comparison, you need to set the SL the same and set TP on PDV_103 to zero (Lite_3 ignores the TP if a trailing stop is used).

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
That is the differentiator i guess, i like TP being taken into account. SL hitting on trailing is kind of giving away so many pips. So having a target and taking the Tp and closing the trade is good. Trailing stop, in my opinion is to safe guard the trade. But anyways both options are open for different people.

But anyway posting results on making SL-70 & TP-0 to make comparision same.

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Yes I agree. LITE_3 really ignores TP if trailing is enabled. And in PDV you need to set 0 to make the comparison correct. Well, SL should be the same.
it is just interesting to understand what can make this system more efficient.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Thank you for providing the opportunity to see different tests with high quality. Personally, I have no such opportunity (

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
First of all, thank you paul, for your hard work to make the ultron better ea,..

I dont understend,.why such diference in profit from ultron pdv 101 and 103, in the tests made by CDSAA,...?????

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
The results are different because the settings aren't quite the same.

I think when run with comparable settings, the results will be very much closer, and any difference will most likely be down to how the trailing stop is handled in each.

The entry criteria for both are identical as far as I can see, but where the number of trades is higher in one, this would be down to trades exiting earlier and therefore allowing another signal to be taken.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
@PaulDv,

on test 101 and 103, i did use the same settings nothing has changed.

multi order-1

I am using Sl- 69, TP-118

Trailing stop-40 and step-14

percentage risk -10

time- 7/21

No other details changed.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
@PaulDV

These are the updates from 101- 103:

Updates: Corrected MA3MA4Max info on panel. Corrected detection of currency pair for warning message (should now ignore broker prefixes and suffixes). Converted MA gap parameters to pip to make things easier to understand. Updated the news filter to use FFC.EX4 (thanks @cdsaa) as the old version seemed corrupted. News filter now included Holidays, so you can suspend trading on holidays if you wish.

On this only point which could increase the profitability is point no 3. - converted MA gap parameter from decimals to pips.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Uploading full test results, in case you want to check them.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Had this EA open on Demo Account GBPUSD H1 for over 24hrs and it's not trading at all.

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
in March it took 2 trades,

7th march and

13th march.

When it opens, all of us will post our trade open price. You can verify if your EA opens at that time.

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
this adviser is not a machine gun) It opens deals only to a signal. If there is no signal, he can be silent for a week)

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
I don't suppose anyone has coded this as an indicator yet have they? I would be nice to see an up and down arrow on a chart rather than having to check my VPS all the time. Just an idea. thanks.

Btw,  thanks Feex for coding Lite 3 it's killing it.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Hi

after 24 hours running the EA, MA1-MA2 GAP & MA3-MA4 GAP always are ZERO!
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Yeah, that's a bug in the info panel - don't worry, the code behind is still working with the right values.

This will be fixed in a new version shortly.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Thanks Paul

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
ULTRON_PDV_1031

Updates:Fixed the MA Gap values in info panel. Corrected version number! Added Broker Server Offset parameter. The Broker Server Offset parameter means that you can leave the trading hours at the default and then simply specify your broker's server offset to GMT, and the correct times will be set for you.  I hope people find this helpful.

I've also attached a template that should make your chart look like this:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

FXSSI RoundLevels goes in the Indicator folder.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Wish list 104:

I like this feature in calculating the Lot sizes based on consecutive wins. As we have multiple consecutive wins and few orphan losers.

We are increasing the probability of runner runner winner. unless we test, we wouldnt know.

Point is 1-3-2-6 (or what ever choice of the sequence).

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
I'll see what I can do

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Paul, what did you change in the EA.

getting results which are different. Number of trades are same but winnings are different - Size of winnings went up.

Settings same for both tests.

TP- 118, SL-69, Trailing Stop-40 Trailing step- 14, Risk -10%, time- 7 and 21

PDV 103

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PDV1031

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Have no idea what has caused this. What line in code, improved on this result.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
I have observed in my testing that the max consecutive losses is 1, perhaps by adding a soft martingale option this could work in this instance.

Martingale is risky, but if applied in the right conditions it can work, and being as max consecutive losses is only 1 then by using a soft martingale approach like Fibonacci sequence we could easily recoup the losses from when there is a losing order.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
That's very weird- I didn't touch any of the code that could influence trade sizes, stops or targets.

Could you take a look at the individual trades and see if you can see what the differences are?  If you can export them to Excel and post them here, I'll gladly analyse them myself if that would help.

The two versions should be identical apart from the small changes that I outlined.

Could there possibly be a problem with Tick Data Suite? I know I've been getting memory leak issues with it recently and it has crashed my PC several times.

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Check these results.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Thanks.

As I suspected, it's Tick Data Suite (or the strategy tester).  There are small variances in when the orders are entered (we're talking 1 point or so), the trailing stop losses are identical, but then the exits are also varying, but this time by up to a whole pip or two...perhaps the 'variable spread' not being applied in a consistent manner?  Even if two trades have the same SL, when they hit s/l, the recorded price does not match the SL and they are different.

As far as I can see, there's very little difference in the entries, just the exits, which I can only put down to spread.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
But if I repeat tests on versions, results are same. That is not changing. So variable spread, isn't the same. I think in the code, timing because of changes of calculations.

Earlier pip change, made the code working time by fraction of second. It could be that.

Info panel, which you corrected, is using one less calculation may be.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Hmmm...I hadn't considered calculation time taken by the info panel.

Would you try again, but turning off the info panel completely in the settings for both?  That would tell us if the info panel is the culprit or not.

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
here are the results after switching off panels.

PDV_1031

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PDV_103
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No Change in result, it is same as before. You can see the difference in profits.

Full results are given in zip.

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Hi.

I have completely different lot size for two ULTRON EA. Both have 10 percent  risk setting for $400 account size. Ultron PDV have 0.06 lot size and it should be wright, but ULTRON EA LITE 3 have 0.2 lot size. There is HUGE difference in profit for both versions. Can FEEX explain the difference?

ULTRON PDV 1031:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ULTRON_LITE_3:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
I'm sure that Feex can explain the reasoning, but Lite_3 uses some sort of factoring to determine the lot size, and although you specify 10% risk, due to the factoring calculation, it actually equates to around 35%.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Thanks mate - I'll take a look over the weekend and see if I can identify why the big difference.  I'll start with a source compare to highlight exactly where the code was changed, and hopefully that will narrow it down.

I like the increase, I just want to know why it's happened!

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Thank you for latest version, i think i found little bug,

when  MA1-MA2 Gap in correct range info panel shows red instead of green can you add quick fix on next update,

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
I run the strategy from 2018-11-28 to 2019-03-13 (75% quality data) and use myfxbook.com strategy analyzer to test it.

it shows

Z-Score (Probability): -1.05 (-70.67%)

Sharpe Ratio: 0.8300

I wonder why those negative values give on this kind of good EA, anyone know the reason for that

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
maybe reverse martingale would be the best option? doubling every time you win. Attempting the home run.

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
In LITE_3 there is no risk percent, I have already explained this, it uses a different system for calculating the initial lot, even in the settings it is called Risk Ratio
for example:
balance 3000, RR 10 - the initial lot will be 0.90,
balance 1000 , RR 10 - the initial lot will be 0.30 and so on)
but these values may differ slightly there is a dependency on account leverage

(AccountBalance() * AccountLeverage() * risk_percent * 0.01)

I was interested in your picture with the test LITE_3. How did you manage to get $ 1,000,000 from $ 400 in 9 months?

What leverage do you use?

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
New buy order opened at 1.32932 using Ultron Lite 3.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Yep I’ve had a buy order hope it’s a decent one lol

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Yes i also have buy orders from all versions. I don't think they will make to TP tonight :-) Finger Cross!!!

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
ULTRON_LITE_3 Order opened @ 17:00 GMT, price =1.32932

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Ok, thanks for explanation. If I would have run this EA with this setting in last 6 months I would be millionaire now. =)

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
I got 1.32927 on PDV 1031.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Please tell me what leverage do you use? And what is the server time for your GMT broker?

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Leverage 1:500
IC Markets ECN GMT+3

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
I tried replicating your results and get very different numbers.

Are you using Tick Data suite?

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Been playing with some settings of PaulDV's version and it looks pretty good.

Best settings I've found so far is this one. 1 year test. The DD is a bit high but that goes hand in hand with the risk 10% being used.

Doing the same comparison test vs Ultron Lite 3, PaulDV version has better results.

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
ULTRON PDV 101,..open trade,..buy at 1,32932,...

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
UL3 made a buy order, but the PDV_103 did not for me. It says it's outside of trading hours. I'm on a GMT server, using default times of 7 and 19. What gives?

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Are you sure you're on a GMT server? What broker are you using?

EDIT: At the time of your post, you would have been outside of trading hours, so that seems to be correct.

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Backtested this on 99% tick data for 10 years, it performs rather poorly 8 out of those 10 years. I made many modifications trying to make it profitable, with dynamic exits based on MA crosses, and a bunch of either ways, all failed. Could not make this thing profitable long term.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
I use Forex.com. Which to my knowledge uses GMT servers. So I kept the default values of 7 and 19. It just seems odd it would be out of trading time when everyone else got a buy signal, hence my concern.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
By default, the author’s version of this system uses time 6 and 21 — this is for GMT. In version LITE_3, I made default 8 and 23 - this is for GMT + 2. Accordingly, if you use GMT 0, then try applying time 6 and 21.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Because I was using PaulDV's EA, I was sticking to the 7 and 19 time-frame he set specifically for that EA which are the default values for GMT servers. I think those numbers are right, I'm just confused as to why others got a buy signal when on my end the EA was out of trading hours. So did it work as intended then? Or are 7 and 19 not the correct values I should be using? I'm using Forex.com as my broker.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Looks like you are out of trading hours. We all got a trade.

Some of us are on broker with +3 !and some on +2

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
I guess moving forward I'll be using 6 and 21 for the time settings for PDV_1031. It makes a few more trades but the profitability remains the same (testing from Jan 1st to today, 2019). Net profit is a bit higher from those extra trades anyway. Welp, good luck with the buy order for everyone who got it, I guess I'm sitting this one out lol

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
I've just checked, and Forex.com appear to have a server time of GMT-12 (https://www.myfxbook.com/forex-broker/forex-com/10).

The EA checks the trading hours set against the current broker's time. So when our orders opened at 17:00 GMT, your broker's server time would have been 05:00, which would explain why it didn't open an order.

I would recommend double-checking your broker's offset and using the new Broker Server Offset parameter to obtain the correct time window. e.g. if your broker offset really is -12, then set the start and end hours to the default of 07 and 19, and then enter -12 for the broker offset and you should be good to go.

EDIT: I've made a small change to display the current server time on the info panel.  Hopefully this should make things a little clearer for users.  I'll upload the change over the weekend.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Thank you for the information. Everywhere I looked said Forex.com was GMT with no offset, that site is the first to say they're GMT-12 so I figured 7 and 19 with no offset were the correct settings. Now it makes sense as to why the trade didn't execute. I appreciate the investigation.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
It's probably worth giving them a call anyway just to be sure, if on;y to see if they're on DST, in which case it'll be -11 instead.

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
I use Forex.com broker with PDV_1031, settings 7 and 19 broker offset 0. It made a buy for me.

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
hai, cdsaa ..  can you help backtest this EA ULTRON PDV 1031 with a set

stop loss: 80

take profit: 100

Fixed Lot

0.01

trailing start: 18

step : 2

I think the settings are pretty good but I am doubtful because 99.90% have not ticked the data  Thank you

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
@Feex,

I have got the reason why it is able to make $400 to $1000000 in 9 months It is not the settings.

It is the Leverage and lot size calculations. As consecutive losses on this is 1 at any time, it is actually using your high lot calculation using leverage and making big profit. I am testing it with 500 leverage. Will post the result file.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With those high numbers, you can always withdraw your profit and let the EA run its own course.

It is doing in real the same, now i understand, why lot calculation is so high on my real account on Ulite_3 with 10%.

Anyway..

Point I outlined on 104 upgrade list- lot calculation, based on advice by one of the users here, will play significant role in returns.

We also need to think about keeping our SL & TP hidden. These are heavy pips.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Hi

Please only traders who have experince are invited to reply..

After years of discussion on FF about not using a stop loss and replacing it with dollar cost averaging or keeping the loosing trade like inventory untill the price comes back again, who would agree?

And of those who agree, who can share their own real results

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
yes IcMarket +3..

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Hi Guys

I'm trying to backtesting but this is what happend:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Amazing..... Lol

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
here your results.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
hi cdsaa Thanks again for the test with high quality (99%) - this is closer to reality)

I used 1: 300 leverage, so I could not get such results. But I saw the dynamics on the chart, so I was interested in the indicator of continuous losses, and of course the drawdown. What I do not like about LITE_3 - a tangible accumulation of profit begins to occur only towards the end of the year. And I do not know how to make the accumulation of profits smoother ... (

P.S.  What do you mean when you say to hide SL and TP? Hide them from a broker - make it virtual, or something else? Sorry, English is not my original language)

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Actually, I may owe you an apology - the myfxbook page I linked to may not be accurate, and I think it's worth you contacting your broker to make sure.

Now for the apology...I think there may be something wrong with the time filter code!

I copied Pawel's original code to begin with, and amended the calculation used, but I didn't think to check the MQL4 functions used.  The time filter uses the function "Hour()" to check the trading times, but the MQL4 documentation says that this is the last known server time "when the program starts and is not updated while the program is running".

If this is correct, then it is a lottery as to WHEN you start the EA, as that will be the hour that the program thinks it is...all the time!  So, if you start the EA out of trading hours, it will always be out of trading hours!

The problem with this is that this doesn't work this way in the strategy tester, so for a developer who doesn't know this, the EA LOOKS like it's working when tested but when run for real, it doesn't.

I've amended the time filter to use the correct functions "TimeHour(TimeCurrent())", which IS updated on every call, and will post the new version later today.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
I also encountered such questions, so in LITE_3 I displayed the local time and server time so that it was immediately visible and clear what time settings to use)

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Point i mentioned on Virtual SL & TP, it is mainly to hide from Broker. ECN brokers, we will not have problem.

That is on the wish list.

Now lets spend time on improving on our losers.

1. Point i have noticed when analysing losers is, they are stagnating for more than 8-10 hrs before falling to death.

2. May be we bring in a parameter for input hours- say i can input 6 or 8 or 10

and EA checks how much is difference in negative. If negative is more than 5pips, it closes the trade, if it is positive, let it ride. that way we can test and see if it minimizes the losers.

Our EA calculation of Moving Averages Gap between fast and slow, is accurate from August. because of Big Swings. before that it is just ok, with still winners more than 60%. so we may have a good one even then, if we can minimise losers.

On winning trades, within few hours, it is going into first modification on trailing stop. So, if we dont have positive pips we can close such trades. lets see @feex or @PaulDv can put this into working.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
I've coded hidden SL and TP before and they are a right pain in the arse to do, especially with multiple orders and moving stops.  The only real reason to use them is if you don't trust your broker and think they may be stop hunting...in which case, you are better off finding a broker you DO trust.

To be honest, your comment raises several things in my mind that I think are worth pointing out:You shouldn't keep that amount of money in your trading account:Black Swan events do happen, and they can wipe out your entire account! Brokers can go bust, and they will take your funds down with them. Regulation only protects about the first 20k - anything more than that will be lost.  You should be using a true ECN broker:The broker makes its money solely from commissions and swaps and does NOT make money when you lose, so there's no conflict of interest.  The test results are not accurate once you get to that size, because orders of that size may not get filled, either on open or on closure, due to lack of liquidity.If you use a broker that "guarantees" your orders will be filled, I can assure you that they are crooks: they take the other side of your order (basically they are betting AGAINST you), and make money when you lose, and lose money when you win!
They have a vested interest in making sure you lose!

These brokers are NOT ECN brokers, and most likely are not regulated.  So if your current broker "guarantees" your orders will be filled, you need to change brokers NOW.  When your account gets to being several hundred thousand in size (if you get that lucky!) then you should employ an 80/20 rule: pull out 80% of your capital and save it in a non-broker account, and then gear your EA to trade the remaining 20% as though it was the 100%.  You will  probably need high leverage for this though, and may have to play around with the percentages to make this work (maybe 50/50 will be enough for you).  But the idea is that you protect your main capital, and if your trading account does suffer a wipeout, you still have capital to start again.

Of course, the choice is yours, but this is what I aim to be doing.

If you're wondering about what good broker to use, then, if you're not in the USA, I can thoroughly recommend my broker IC Markets.  They are regulated, true ECN leverage of up to 500:1, and have some of the smallest spreads around.  I've been with them for well over a year and have had no problems with withdrawing funds.  Check them out.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Yes, in the original version the clock does not work. For example, if you need to set the start time to 23 and finish 6, so that the adviser trades from 23 to 6 in the morning, this does not work in OP1. But OP1 is just the basis of the system itself, without additional fixes. So do not worry)

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Thanks Paul. Hidden SL& TP is ok. it is of no use.

ECN brokers it is right.

I have been with ICmarkets since 2016. Good broker. They are handling big accounts. No issues.

I do withdraw after every big win, And keep floating trading account with smaller balance on each account. I like your idea about 80-20.

Personally i measure my performance after withdrawals regularly.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
a loser becomes a loser only when the loss is fixed SL. Up to this point, this "loser" can be a winner. You tracked the losers who closed on SL but you did not track the "losers" who became the winners). It seems to me that if you close orders before SL closes them, this will lead to the loss of some of the winners, and as a result, the total profit will be much less, if at all) But maybe I’m mistaken.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
as for hiding SL and TP - I came across this and will share observations: The plus is that the broker does not see SL and TP, but there is also a minus: standard, open SL and TP are processed directly by the broker, if the broker is good, then it works quickly. If SL and TP are hidden, then in this case the signal is already processed by the program and in any case it takes more time, which means that the accuracy of the triggering of such a device will decrease. And your SL will not work 70 pips, and maybe 80, or even worse, and it may not work at all. And then the result of trading will not be at all what you expect)

I certainly gave a tough example, but it can be.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
I agree, that it would close some winners as well. but, my assumption, is it would few trades only.

But, if it is something we can check by doing some logic to eliminate wrong ones, we can test and see the data.

I Will again test on visual test, and see how if i can point out real numbers how many them went from negative into profit and after how long.

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
I agree both @pauldv and @Feex have said, hidden SL & TP are not good. agree, lets ignore that and move on improving our negative losers.

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
I would like to ask PaulDV how the "risk percentage" works because on Friday 15 on a demo account with 99,500 euros Ultron_Lite_3 (risk ratio 10) entered the market buying 9.94 lots (log file ... ... order buy market 9.94 GBPUSD sl: 1.32218 tp: 0.00000 ) while Ultron_PDV_1031 (risk percentage 10) did not enter the market due to lack of funds (log file ... ... order buy market 16.31 GBPUSD sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 ....... order buy 16.31 GBPUSD opening at market sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000 failed [Not enough money]) but above all he tried to buy 16.31 lots. Risk 10 then what is it referring to?

In tests with a 1000 euro bill, buy 0.14 lots, with 10000 buy 1.45 lots with 100000 14.49 lots; yesterday with 99500 euros of account he wanted to buy 16.31. I don't understand very well what it refers to with "risk percentage 10" and because with 99500 it tried to buy 16.31 lots and with 100000 14.49 in the tests. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
I do have few open positions from 2014. each 1 standard lot. yes live account. I'm technical trader & we don't swings in demo. Hoping AUDUSD & EURUSD nose dive this year Finger Cross. Meanwhile I use scalp account and portfolio of EA account.

Why do you ask?

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Risk percentage of 10 on a €99,500 account means that you're risking 10% of your entire account (€9950) on a single trade.  Assuming you're using the default of 70 pips, this means a lot size of 16.09 lots (this will vary depending on the EURUSD price, so may have worked out at 16.31 at the time).

Your broker will then apply margin to this, and if the margin requirement is too high, the order is rejected.  My assumption from this is that you're using a low leverage account - maybe 50:1?  Is that correct?

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
[quote = PaulDV; 12121768] {quote} La percentuale di rischio di 10 su un account di € 99,500 significa che stai rischiando il 10% del tuo intero account (€ 9950) su una singola operazione. Supponendo che stai usando il valore predefinito di 70 pips, questo significa un lotto di 16,09 lotti (questo varierà a seconda del prezzo EURUSD, quindi potrebbe aver funzionato alle 16.31 in quel momento). Il tuo broker applicherà quindi un margine a questo e, se il requisito di margine è troppo alto, l'ordine verrà rifiutato. La mia ipotesi è che tu stia usando un account a bassa leva, forse 50: 1? È corretto? [/ Quote]

Yes, the demo refers to Swissquote Ltd which limits the leverage to 1:30 with the new European rules. I actually work with Dukascopy Bank and as a Swiss I don't follow the European rules (leverage 1: 100). Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Ah, then unfortunately, you will need to reduce your risk level - 5% will probably allow your order to be submitted, but then again, that may be rather near to your margin limits too, and you could end up with a margin call.  If it were my account, I would probably go for something around the 3% area, but it's your call, of course.

You could use UL3, but again, that looks extremely high for your leverage, so I would suggest dropping the Risk Ratio on that as well for similar reasons.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Well, I've compared the two sources with WinMerge and the only difference is the initialisation of the tradin hours, which is done just the once when the EA starts, and the printing of the MA values on the info panel, where the values were changed from integer to double - but turning off the info panel has no effect, so that's not it either.

I'm completely flummoxed over why these two versions produce different results - they really should be identical!

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
ULTRON_PDV_1032

Updates:Corrected colour of numbers on info panel. Added server time to the info panel. Corrected the calculation of the trading hours. IMPORTANT UPDATE!

This version fixes the problem inherent in all versions of ULTRON_PDV up to this point, and you should use this version in preference to all previous versions.

If you use a previous version, your EA may take trades when it is not supposed to, or possibly not open any trades at all.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Hi Paul

"Volume" shouldn't be green?
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
It's red because it's larger than the maximum of 25.

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Thank you for this update, as well information regarding the time slot issue from before!

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Also, I just realized that if you apply the Ultron.tpl template file, it changes the EA setting to default with a +2 GMT offset. So for anyone using this template, make sure your EA settings are correct for you as of applying the template.

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
cool! included to testing account.

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
cdsaa, do you use Ultron pdv or Lite3 Live?

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Am using now both as we are still testing it. They are on Live accounts.

So far 2 trades on Ulite closed very good pips.

1 live trade active on both ulite & pdv. Lets see how it goes.

Both of them open with same conditions, so no change on it. We are all testing to see how to maximise our winners. @feex & @pauldv are putting in some great work.

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
I tested form 2003 using Dukascopy data, Year 2003-2012 it gives some bad results, after 2012 results are amazing, is that because of volume changes on market. I'll post test results later

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Thanks for reply.

I have trades with stop loss for three years, but in vain..

For the last month, i have been reading all the discussions in FOREX FACTORY about not using a stop loss and did not get any result.

When a trade goes against you, Will you wait forever until the price comes back?

Or instead you have two choices, DOLLAR COST AVERAGING or using a wide stop loss like 700 pips for example..Every think i think about has disadvanteges..

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
As an experienced trader how much money have you lost using no stop loss.

What is your lot size vs margin percentage.

Irrespective of whether you have stoploss or not, you have to have discipline to accept loss and take on other opportunities. Usually if you dont close a position, our mind doesn't allow us to think beyond that trade. We miss so many opportunities. The 700 pip movement you saying, could be an opportunity, if you have closed previous position.

Revenge trades, loss recovery trades should be avoided but we as traders we fall into the trap most of the time.

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Big banks trade monthly charts, big trend comes from Monthly chart, small trend comes from daily chart. If you know the trend so you don't need stop loss. You brought this up so I may start a thread about monthly trend trading vs Daily trend trading. Just search Bank trades, Long/SHORT with them and close trades with them. Yes they float for months but when they get close so give you $10k to $30k in each trade. i thought you were going to suggest not to use stop loss in ultron. which I will oppose as H1 chart or Daily chart you have to close trades with either TP or SL. But with monthly chart you don't need SL.

There are two profitable methods. price action and volume EA. Ultron is Volume based and profitable method. Good luck guys.

I agree with cdsaa...

Banks have multiple trading departments. Swingers/scalpers/candle patterns.

There is no holygrail yet, Ultron is volume based and very secure trading method. yes there are losing trades when ultron opens against trend, you can guess it wont make to TP.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Hi,

Wow, this looks pretty amazing, so many posts about this EA, such a change from the majority of the EAs out there! Does anyone have a myfxbook account that is tracking the performance?

I'm just getting started with Ultron, any recommended settings/setup?

Thanks!

Mark

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
ULTRON_PDV_104

Updates:Added 'Full leverage' as a money management option. Added 'Progressive factors' as a lot multiplier. Full Leverage

This money management option determines lot sizes as a percentage of the full leverage available for the instrument for your broker.  Essentially this works the same way as Feex's calculation in Lite3.  This can be risky if there is a long run of losers, but can recover quite quickly when there's a long run of winners.

Progressive Factors

This is an implementation of the progressive betting strategy that takes advantage of strings of wins to boost profits, while attempting to minimise the effect of strings of losses.

Basically each lot (whether fixed or dynamic) is multiplied by the next in a series of factors, which the cyle repeating.  When a loss in encountered, the sequence is reset to start at the first factor again.

The default uses factors (multipliers) of 1,3,2,6 expressed as a comma-separated list of percentages (100,300,200,600).  These can be amended to whatever values you wish, and there is no limit to the number of factors you use.

To scale down the factors you simply reduce the numbers (e.g. 100,130,120,160 equates to multipliers of 1,1.3,1.2,1.6).

You cannot use both of these features at the same time as you will incur a margin call very quickly.

You cannot use Progressive Factors with MaxTrades > 1.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Thank you Paul, I will forward test from tomorrow with the full leverage setting.

I am absolutely always perplexed with broker times/local times... Just to confirm if I want to EA to trade during London Open (8am UK time and NY Close which is 9pm London time) what do I enter when my broker is IC Markets +3 GMT...

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Thanks @PaulDV for the New Version. and thanks for including @Feex's Ulite3 Leverage option. It increasing profitability considerably.

Let me share the results of testing. Again Period is 01-03-2018 to 14-03-2019

TP- 118, SL-69, Time- 7 /21 trailing stop-40 and step-14

These are standard settings i have been using in all my tests.

Ultron_PDV 104 without enabling any options- no progressive, no account leverage - same as previous PDV_1032

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ultron PDV 104 with Progressive option - 100,300,200,600
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ultron PDV 104 with Progessive option- 100,130,120,160 (is same as multiplying the general lot size by 1, 1.3, 1.2, 1.6)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ultimate - Ultron PDV 104 with Account Leverage Calculation- @Feex style of calculating lot size based on Leverage using 500:1 Leverage.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

(Fun intended) Damn we getting good... yooo... team work...

Lot calculations is making a huge contribution. Though it is risky, who care at those numbers. Withdraw after few profits - Idea shared by @PaulDv- withdraw 80 leave 20 and let it run or withdraw 50 of the profit generated and leave 50 and let it trade.

On a Serious Note: We need a good winner run, if we have good winner run, our EA can make it good based on the settings.

For all those who want full results attaching single zip file.

Thanks @PaulDV, great work.

Again thanks to @Pawel & @Feex

@Pawel, not sure where you got the Moving Averages Gap formula. well done buddy... still am in Awe how did those numbers come.

@majamivice thanks to you too, your testing and your question, made us understand the lotsize calculation.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
thanks for the testing!

i was doing some testing of my own... but the number was abit... unbelievable, thought my machine is having some issue haha

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
If you're in the UK (as I am) then you should use 08-21 and broker offset of +3.  When the UK moves to DST at the end of March, you would adjust the broker offset to +2.

Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
After debugging, open 3 separate live account and run individual settings each account . Thanks Paul, Feex, and Pawel.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Nice.... going to test with TickData and ICMarkets

ICMarkets its GMT+3 right?

Been using +2 but since hour change im not sure anymore

Thanks a lot for your hard work CDSAA

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Yes, it's currently +3.  (GMT+2 plus 1 for DST).

When the UK switches to DST (so London will open at 0900 GMT) then this will need to be switched back to +2 for the summer.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Icmarkets is +3

But tickdata suite doesn't have Icmarkets data.

I used Dukascopy data, which is +2 offset.

And icmarkets is going into +3 only this month. Otherwise both dukascopy data and icmarkets are both +2.

My leaving of testing with 0 offset is because of that. Tickdata dukascopy default is fine.

Verified by 2 orders which we got one of 7th and one of 13th. Timing does match.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Good to see that you have cracked this betting sequence implementation. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Same here, except I amend it to be plain GMT with no offset.  That way I can test without having to worry about DST changes and get an accurate picture of which time period works best on GMT, and can then adjust my settings accordingly.

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Hi,

I started to do some testing, got 90% accuracy, do I have to buy Tick Data Suite to get 99%?

I also tried with USDCHF, did better than GBPUSD...any reason not to try other pairs?

Thanks!

Mark

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Interesting! Can we you share the results of USDCHF?

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
PaulDV

Going to test live

Im in Portugal so its the same GMT as UK and i will follow your suggestion 8-21 GMT+3

Do u suggest to activate NEWS FILTER or not and if yes what is the best after-before timmings?

Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Having some fun playing with different settings and seeing the outcome.. $1m in 1 year would be really nice though.

I must say that this version is the best one yet, thanks PaulDV.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Hiya,

Although the news filter works (i.e. it stops trading and then restarts afterwards) I haven't actually tested the effects of having it on.

As you can't test the news filter historically, the closest I would be able to get would be to run the EA with it off, and then go through the trades and attempt to match them to the high impact news and speeches to see if they would have been avoided.  I haven't done this yet, but may do.

Generally speaking though, with other EAs, I would cease trading at least an hour before major news, and restart after about an hour afterwards.  However, as we're working on a H1 timeframe, I  suspect that the news filter will probably have little impact, but please feel free to try it out on demo.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Boas,..é sempre bom vere por aqui mais um tuga,..eu estou usar 8h,.23h,.brooker XMARKETS,..GMT+2,..a estrategia original é 6h,...21h,..,.se o seu brooker é gmt+3,..sera 9h,..0h...

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
È verdade artic118, obrigado pela dica, abraço

PaulDV, thanks for clearing it out on news filter, thats right, having it on H1 the impact of news are highly reduced

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Na boa, companheiro,.estamos ca para se ajudar uns aos outros neste mundo nada façil do forex,..sempre que precisar,.estou por aqui,..

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Hope all have this trade open on Friday.

All the best on green pips.

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
HI

would you inform us about opening any trade today? it's first day of mine with this EA and i want to know it works for me

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
today till now there is no trade; the last trade is on last Friday.

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Thank you, Paul!

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Mrdfx, so you are using progressive and risk 2%?

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Hi,

Can possible to add MAX Lot order to EA?

I found at demo account can order to 1000 lot but on REAL account is only 50 lot

maybe make options to choose automatic max lot and manual max lot

for now when on demo EA still order high lot and real account is stop to order when over max lot on real

maybe backtest on real account only may be better waste of time on demo backtest

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Sounds like a dodgy broker to me - who is it, if you don't mind saying?

I've been with over a dozen different brokers, and none of them have setups on demo that differ to real.  It sounds to me that they want to fool you into trying out strategies that may 'work' on demo, only to then have those same strategies fail on live.

Do they 'guarantee' to fill your orders?  If so, then run away, and choose a different broker (preferably an ECN one).

All that said, it is possible to add a Max Lot setting that overrides the broker's limit, so I'll add it to the list for later.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Morning all,

looked in on trades running looks like GU has taken a massive dump hope it will turn course for the buy.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
im 70 pips sl

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
how.

it is still not 70 pips

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Hi

what is "volume" in "trade conditions"? it should be under 25(as EA conditions) but at the moment it's 2560!!!

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
PaulDV,

what effect takes setting TP=0 as mrdfx has done and his win ratio is about 88% where other tests sit around 73% or less

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Can somebody tell me when the last trade was taken?

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
last trade was 17:00 on Friday as a buy.

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
25 is the limit for a trade to be taken.  The info panel shows the current volume simply for comparison.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
It means that you have no TP.  The trade will continue until it hits the stop loss, which presumably, is a trailing stop.  The idea behind this strategy is to ride a trend and potentially get a much bigger win.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Yes, few people have used different SL- some 70, me 69 and some 116 and some 100

So you can use any based on it.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
What do people think of the strategy of having two profit targets, where you close out a portion of the position at TP1 and the rest either at TP2 or leave TP2 as zero to try and make the most of a trend (with a trailing stop, of course)?

Would it be worth coding this option into the EA?

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
I'm going guess everyone will say 'Ya, sounds great' to different TP targets as that's what many experts recommend (especially for trend followers). I'm going to suggest it would be tricky to know and just have to test it out to see...

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Hi Paul,.first of all, thank you,..you working hard on this ea,.soo you believe in this ea,.thats good.

If we dont try,.we will never now if work or not,.soo if its easy for you,..why not try with 2 tp,..

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
I agree with this option

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Nice one Paul, Sounds good and thanks on the EA mate its a nice bit of kit i must say.

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
i'm actually already doing this with 2 EA, one of the EA will TP at a lower rate, the other EA will take TP at higher rate.

maybe can also include multi SL?

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Talking about GMT and broker time
Attached File(s)   !      NIH98 Market Time Indi.ex4

138 KB
|
339 downloads

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Friday entry : SL 70 pips out

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Friday entry, stopped out with a loss of 55 pips. Ultron Lite. I am now switching to PaulDVs latest version.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
So Friday early close out better. Or Friday end of day closing of trades.

Anyway we had 2 wins and 1 loser

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
ULTRON_LITE_3 sell, ULTRON_PDV_104 none.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Anyone just had a sell order placed? my buy stopped out just before that was a heavy loss

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
a sell at 1.3224 opened! But it seems it should a buy! lol

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
a buy with SL125pips from Friday still running and another one just opend sell at 1.32259 PDV104!

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Lite3 should have the same entries as my version - only the SL would have made a difference.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
heavy lost but another trade open almost immediately

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
No, the trade opening is as per the conditions:MA1 and MA2 below MA3. Gap between MA1 and MA2 between 4 and 13 pips. Gap between MA3 and MA4 < 48 pips. Last two candles are bearish.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Sell opened @ 1.32245

EA is PaulDV latest.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
I know Paul. i was joking : )

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Oh, sorry

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
In this test I was using default progressive and 10% risk.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Opened Sell position @ 1.32252 for all 3 system for Pawel Op_1, Feex Lite_3, and Paul-PDV104.

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Or can there be the option to open multiple lot positions each with there own TP/SL.

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Yes not a good idea to leave the trade open over weekend.

I actually was thinking, open 3/4 trades same lot size 0.01 with multiple trailing stop / TP. But then single trade is working good so why to make it complicated. It's Paul call to insert this feature or leave as it is.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Yeah sell open. I closed the buy at a slight loss as GU as it was over the weekend and could crash or skyrocket lol. Think I'll keep this sell going but really can't say.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Just went fast into profit for the sells on Lite 3 and OP.

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Coming to this - half TP1 and leaving second to the trend..-- may be good on others, but so far,

in Tests, one with TP=0 didnt yield so many trades which are bigger winners. Percentage is less than 10%. So, personally i think, this would not be an added advantage, to already good one. But if others feel that way, we can continue.

I think lets spend time on analyzing some data patterns and coming up with either another filter to add to entry or exit early a loosing trade. We will find something, if few of us spend time on it.

Am not sure, i can record and send a video, if you guys need it. May be lets select a month with many losers, i will do a video and lets come up with a pattern perhaps.

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Buy order from Friday hit SL.

Meh...

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
ahhhh, you were on 100pip SL.

We had a Sl hit at 70 and a new trade opened on SELL side.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Hi
about TP i think you know advanced trailingstop in " CCFp weekly signals" system and i think it's a good idea to accomplished it in this EA.
about second part, of course it's a good idea to use more patterns, indicators and... to make this EA better and better. it's obvious.

Best Regards

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
one of my sells stopped out from trailing at least thats a bit of profit today, markets have been harsh.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
you using Step-2, so you had a stopout. my step is 14, still going on...

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Hi my test GBPUSD H1 from 100 usd

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
yes i had mine at default settings other then the GMT settings, anyone had this EA running on other pairs yet with any success?

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Yes I'm using a 100 pip SL.

From my testing and optimizations 100 pip SL had better results than 70 pips.

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Yes, i saw your results.

I was just saying about other trade.

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
To add to this I've been doing all kinds of tests and optimizations over the weekend and so far these are the best settings I've found with a good profit and acceptable DD. Yes there were more profitable settings (+$100k) but the DD was over 50% which is past my threshold.

SL: 100

TP: 0

Progressive: True

Risk %: 4

Risk Basis: Full leverage

Tr Stop: 40

Tr Step: 2

With these settings tested over the last year, results from $1k start is $60k profit with 3.56 PF and 43% DD.

Setting Risk % to 5 would raise the profits to over $144k, but the DD goes up to 52% which is personally too high for live trading.

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
I can offer to limit trade on Friday afternoon, it is very effective

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Yeah just confirming what everyone else said: Friday's move hit the SL, but a sell order opened shortly after the closing of Friday's move. Hopefully this order does better haha

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
agreed, DD is very important factor.

Relative Drawdown, right @paroucia.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Hi

would you say what is "Relative Drawdown"?

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
in liv acount i get from 100 eur 35 eur drop after 100 eur profit im widr 100% and stey risk free!!!

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Most people only look at Maximal DD as its normally lower, but the one to look at is Relative DD.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
in liv acount i get from 100 eur 35 eur drop after 100 eur profit im widr 100% and stey risk free!!!

the is set fil.

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Thanks for your findings! These kind of results however, will be significantly less when testing during e.g. 4/16...11/17. Especially with the 1-3-2-6 cycle which I believe works best when the TP is fixed and with a low deviation of the typical win/loss cycles. I found something like 1-2-3 working better under those conditions.

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
My friend, you say that you do not need to use stop losses when you use monthly charts that determine the trends.

No body knows when the trend will change..

My question is:

What will you do in that case?

Will you wait for a long period hoping that the price will come back?

or will you use dollar cost averaging method ?

or you will close it manually after 500 pips loss, for example?

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Can you pls post the other detailed results for each order taken?

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Friday's buy order still open - SL 116 currently -60 pips.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
here is this version

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Friday trade still running for me,..i have 116 sl,.in the moment,..  -40 pips

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
fool test file.

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
I installed the EA in MT4, I got failure code "0". No trade were opened in backtesting.

Are some indicators necessary?

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Any indicators necessary?

I need the latest settings als file please, thx.

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
if you are talking about 3.2.0_VTB, and you have "0" on the test, then pay attention to which lot is set in the settings and what amount of balance you use for the test.

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
It works now. But I could not confirm the results here posted.

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Paul,

PDV104 with your settings opened Sell trade 18/03/2019 at 17:00 at 1.32256 on 3 brokers

On Think FX Live with News Filter
Close at 18:48 @ 1.32074 with 0.1 Lot Profit $24.39

On Demo ICM No News Filter

Closed at 19:01 @1.32250

On Pepperstone Demo No news filter

closed at 19.01 @ 1.32255

Why different result?

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Do this EA Version runs on a real account?

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Well, with the GBPUSD more often than not moving about 40pips in the direction of the trade after the EA opens an order - from my backtest results - I would say this feature could help one cash in certain portion of the trade while allowing the remaining portion run with the trend (if at all it does), either by trailing stop or set TP2. Since the tests from allowing multiple orders hasn't so far shown more profitability over the single order tests one could assume at this stage that we should get into a trade, pick the most we can quickly from it and get out so a new order can be triggered when the rules align again instead of having open orders for long - more like a buy and hold Stock kind of trading - which I don't think the GBPUSD with its recent wild swings and Brexit situation might really accommodate.

It's still up to PaulDV and co to decide though.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
For a system primarily based on MA's and their relative gaps to one-another, does it seem kinda odd that a sell order triggered essentially the next day (ignoring the weekend gap) after a failed buy order? This is the first time I've seen any of the EA's (from Pawel's original to the newest PDV) flip a move so quickly. Not a concern necessarily, just a comment. Thought it was odd.

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Read my messages again, you will get the answer.  if you couldn't read between those lines then stick here with EA development with TP & Stop loss. closing a trade after 700 pips or let it float isn't profitable method. You need to study the charts, if you know chart so you know big banks next moves (TREND).

Much better.

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Second losing trade in a row coming. Backtests are all unreal?

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Second losing trade?

Guess your setting is different. We had no loss second trade. with trailing stop, it was moved to safety.

And on Testing there is no 100% success rate. results were at 60-70% success. there is no holy grail.

Please do work on demo before you put it on live.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
History /CHARTS are important in Forex: You learn from it, make a guess but can't predict the future unless you understand your enemy BIG BANKS.

What version are you using?

Ultron_Op_1::: Pawel version doesn't have trailing stop but closed in BE (May be Lite3 & Op1 are sharing same magic number ).

Ultron_Lite_3::: Feex introduced trailing stop to make sure you don't lose a trade.

Ultron_PRDV_104::: Paul enhanced further and introduced many other features.

No there wasn't any losing trade from ultron so far. On Friday we closed trades in profit manually, it doesn't make sense to let the trade float and pray on monday for TP. Yesterday Sell trades closed by hitting trailing-stop-loss. profit was Collected.

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
are u on the correct time? there is no open trade for us now

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Loss trade GU open 17-03-2019 to loss 18-03-2019 and yesterday to now, loss two trade.

Can possible I use this EA with other pair with generate new MA1-4 setting value? I will try optimization good or not for keep original GU.

possible pare for 9-9-50-1 is EURUSD,GBPJPY in case user with other pair

good or not if use long stop loss like TP 25 pips and SL 65 pips compare with TP 220 SL10

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
You make TP 25 X 3 = $75 and loose all in one trade $65 + Commission. Not good. Trailing stop loss is an ideal to always stay on winning sides. You collect less or more green pips but that's all trading matters to collect green pips.

Ultron is Volume based Good for all majors or high ATR pairs, GBP is been focus due to brexit nothing special. However, you may need to tune settings as per other majors moves.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
I am using Ultron Lite 3, one loss buy trade on 15 March @ 1.3294 got stopped out yesterday. Then a sell trade was triggered minutes later @ 1.3224 up till now is a loss and seems to be hitting stop loss. I using default settings sl of 70.

Trailing stop 41, step 23. Nearly got hit on trailing stop of 41 to adjust to BE but did not (second trade). So still running paper loss now.

You can do a backtest on these dates and see if the two trades are valid.

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
But even in one of the backtests for last year, i saw about 4 trades lost in a row!

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
The trades are valid according to the entry strategy.

Your trailing stop of 41 is what has kept you in the trade.  If you had used the defaults of 23/2, you would have been taken out for roughly 17 pips profit.

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
On Friday Buy trade triggered and I wrote it won't make to TP so i closed it early collecting GREEN PIPS. Similarly other boys closed it on their own gut feelings and collected Green pips. Those who closed buy trade with Green pips on Friday, received Sell trade on monday and it hit trailing-stop-loss with GREEN pips.

In your case, you let the BUY trade run on Friday and it hit SL on Monday RED PIPS, then there was a late Sell order  in your system so probably you entered Sell Trade when we all got out of that SELL trade. Paul & Feex may include trades close on Friday  So finger cross....

Above all, this is volume based EA and one setting should work to all 28 pairs basket pairs, I'll test it to learn how does it behave in different market conditions. Volume / Priceaction EA / MA preset should collect Green pips for all 28 pairs. It's too early to consider testing it for basket pairs. BT shows Ultron would have generated 1 million for GBPUSD but we are't greedy and need consistent Green pips and avoid RED PIPS, therefore we are using trailing-SL to assure we collect green pips in every single trade.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
yes, still working in real acont FxOpen broker bet not working for FBS dont now way!

to version is ULTRON_PDV_104

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
I believe it is better to use a break even stop with trailling steps.

Example initial TP: 100 pips, SL: 50 pips

In case trade is in 20 pips profit, trade will protected to get not in negativ with break even 20, step 4 pips -> SL ist now at entry point.

If you use trailling stop at 20 pips with 4 pips step. The trade will have SL 30 pips below entry point.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Thx, I will test ULTRON_PDV_104 in demo IC Markets on VPS.

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Hi. I've been testing your settings. They good, but there's always big drawdowns after sometime

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
yes! thaths way im start from 100eur get 100% profit widrw 100 eur and you stay risk free!!!

then if you get profit 500% widrw 250% from profit Remember, one day you loos you depo  definitely then you put again 100 eur and start all over again

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Okay, thats a good idea. Maybe we can look at loosing trades and see what went wrong?

Also from what I saw leverage is important right? Which leverage you recommend?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
The trailing stop in Ultoron_PDV works the way you have described.

To use your example of 20/4, the EA will leave the SL where it is until the trade is 20 pips in proft.  It will then move the SL to 4 pips in profit and trail from there.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
yesterday i get lost

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
it's going to touch SL. pffff

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
lost the sell trade stopped out on me.

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Me too. let's see what about next one!

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Just seen the buy order is it supposed to be so regular as on previous versions it would be like 1-2 a week if that?

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
If you turn on "Show debugging values?" it will show whether or not your broker allows EAs - it may be that FBS doesn't allow EAs.

If it does, are there any messages in the Journal tab?

Having just taken a look at FBS, I have to say that I wouldn't touch them with a barge pole.  They are CySec regulated, which means they are virtually unregulated (CySec is a joke and rarely does anything with complaints), they are not ECN brokers and guarantee no re-quotes, which means that THEY take the other side of your trades, so have a vested interest in you losing.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Sorry, only just seen this.

The difference in results will be down to spread - it will differ from broker to broker, and when spread widens during periods of very high or very low volatility, those differences can be huge.

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
There is no buy order for any of Pawel, feex, Paul's ultron versions.

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
i got a buy order trigger a few hours ago... maybe 1-2 hours ago?

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
I've got nothing here.

Are you running on GBPUSD on H1?  What settings are you using?

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
default setting but with GMT offset by 2, if this wasnt suppose to open, might explain why the trade not doing so well haha

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
I've analysed the trades for the past 12 months, and there's a fairly even distribution across the week, with Tuesday standing out as the most prolific (almost double any other day).

Losses are fairly even across the board with only Monday trades showing no losses (but this is a small sample, and we've just had a Monday loss this week, so there's nothing special about Monday either).

Basically, you can close on Fridays if you like, but it looks quite resilient from the history.

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
That is weird.

The only explanation I can think of is that Oanda do have very large spreads, and at the point of candle opening, this influenced one or more of the MA values to the point where the EA opened a trade.

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
oh i see, thanks!

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
any new version of the EA?

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Me too. But on demo acc. Nothing happen on live acc

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Ok now for a week I was silently following this Thread and first I have to say Tanks @Pawl.Gawron for generously posting such an EA.

@PaulDV I admire your skill set to code I wanna learn that too seems to be useful.

Anyway, I've @PaulDV EA version 104 which is currently in a trade (Oanda) strangely the news won't show up in the upper right corner even when turned on, do they work in the background? It is strange that some are in a trade and some are not this means that would affect the profitability of some EAs depending on which broker you are using!?

@PaulDV you are a busy man are you the one with the forexsteam asian session idea?

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
I consider to run the demo version and make a trade copy from demo to real account. That will work.

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
I also had a buy order at the top of the range at 1.3290 running ultron_lite_3 at gmt +3 with oanda.

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Hey, my friend, I don’t understand the adjustment of the time zone. Can you teach me?

For example, my time zone is GT+8.

IC Broker is GT+3

Then parameter setting 7-21

If it is summer time and winter time

How much is the offset

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Thanks for the kind words - my coding skills are improving over time...I may go back to some of the early EAs I wrote and overhaul them with what I know now as I know I made loads of coding errors with them.

Have you installed the FFC.EX4 indicator?  If you don't have it installed and turn on the news filter, the EA won't complain, but you won't get any news.

Yes, different brokers may result in different results - a lot can depend on things like spread and slippage.

Guilty as charged - still a work in progress, I'm afraid.

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Ignore your personal GMT offset, it's just your broker's server offset we're interested in.

In your case, you should leave the start and end hours as 07 and 19, and set the broker offset to 3.  That should make the EA trade the correct times.

The only thing you may want to adjust is when Daylight Saving Time is updated:
During winter, your broker offset would normally be +2, and this is what you should normally enter in the parameters.In the spring, when your broker moves to DST, you add 1 to the offset (so, now it will be +3).When the UK moves to DST a few weeks later, you need to drop 1 from the offset (because the London session has moved forward an hour), so +2.In the autumn, when your broker comes off of DST, you need to take 1 away again, leaving the offset on +1.When the UK then comes off of DST a few weeks later, you need to add 1 back on , so the offset is, again +2 for the winter.

A bit convoluted, I know, but you only have to amend the offset which saves trying to calculate the base hours all the time.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
@PaulDV what time zone have you set the default start and end time?

In the original version it is 9-21, in the Lite version it is 8-23, and in your version it is 7-19. I think this is where some members are getting confused.

So basically at the current time anyone who has their broker server time to GMT +3 which is most brokers that use NY close as EOD then they should set it at 7-19 with a +3 offset correct?

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Correct.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
[quote = PaulDV; 12130923] {quote}忽略你的个人GMT抵消，这只是我们感兴趣的经纪人服务器抵消。在你的情况下，你应该把开始和结束时间保留为07和19，并设置经纪人抵消这应该使EA交易正确。您可能想要调整的唯一事项是更新夏令时：在冬季，您的经纪人偏移通常为+2，这是您通常应在参数中输入的内容。在春天，当您的经纪人移动到DST时，您将偏移量加1（因此，现在它将是+3）。几周后，当英国转移到夏令时，你需要从抵消中减少1（因为伦敦会议已向前移动一小时），所以+2。在秋季，当您的经纪人退出DST时，您需要再次取消1，将偏移量保留为+1。几周之后，当英国从夏令时退出时，你需要重新加上1，所以偏移量是冬天的+2。我知道，有点令人费解，但你只需要修改偏移量，这样可以节省尝试计算基准时间的所有时间。希望这会有所帮助。[/ quote]

Your explanation makes me very happy.

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
I use SET settings for cdsaa 7-21

I just need to adjust the offset, can I?

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Yes.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
[quote = cdsaa; 12126361] {quote}来到这个 - 一半TP1并且在趋势中排名第二 - 可能对其他人有好处，但到目前为止，在测试中，一个TP = 0的人没有产生如此多的交易是更大的赢家。百分比低于10％。所以，我个人认为，对于已经很好的人来说，这不会是一个额外的优势。但如果其他人有这种感觉，我们可以继续。我认为让我们花时间分析一些数据模式，并提出另一个过滤器来添加进入或退出早期的松散交易。如果我们很少有人花时间在上面，我们会找到一些东西。我不确定，我可以录制和发送视频，如果你们需要的话。可能让我们选择一个有很多输家的月份，我会做一个视频，然后让我们想出一个模式。[/ quote]

trailing stop start 40

18

Can help me with your TK. Thank you.

I want to know the comparison result.

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Friday's buy order hit the SL, and yesterday's sell order hit the SL. First time I've seen such quick consecutive losses. I use standard 70 pip SL but with 48 T-stop and 2 T-step (those numbers seem to be the most profitable for this year so far). It's true using the standard values of 23 and 2 would have prevented these losses, but those numbers also seem to really restrict a lot of moves. Many close at break even, or just 10-15 pips in the plus because of a pull-back. These two losses don't change my opinion of the EA at all and I still believe it will perform well this year. It just sucks to see two back-to-back losses so quickly.

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
[quote = SigmaEnigma; 12131544]周五的买单触及SL，昨日的卖单触及SL。我第一次看到如此快速的连续亏损。我使用标准的70 pip SL，但有48个T-stop和2个T-step（到目前为止，这些数字似乎是今年最赚钱的）。使用23和2的标准值确实可以防止这些损失，但这些数字似乎也限制了很多动作。许多人在休息时收盘，或者因为回调而仅在10-15点左右收盘。这两次损失并没有改变我对EA的看法，我仍然认为它今年表现不错。如此迅速地看到两次背靠背损失真是太糟糕了。[/ quote]

Yes, I also found this problem.

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
[quote = SigmaEnigma; 12131544]周五的买单触及SL，昨日的卖单触及SL。我第一次看到如此快速的连续亏损。我使用标准的70 pip SL，但有48个T-stop和2个T-step（到目前为止，这些数字似乎是今年最赚钱的）。使用23和2的标准值确实可以防止这些损失，但这些数字似乎也限制了很多动作。许多人在休息时收盘，或者因为回调而仅在10-15点左右收盘。这两次损失并没有改变我对EA的看法，我仍然认为它今年表现不错。如此迅速地看到两次背靠背损失真是太糟糕了。[/ quote]

I have been thinking about the profit-loss ratio. At the same time, the profit is greater than the stop loss to reach a stable curve.

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
The human brain often sees the bad side and the good side

At the same time, I just want to just want to leave quickly, but it also increases the side effects.

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Yeah, unfortunately it's just bad timing I think.  During back testing there have been a number of consecutive losses, so it can and will happen.

Regarding the trailing stop; it's a personal preference of course, hence why it's parameterised, but in my experience, holding out for the bigger wins can often be counter-productive over time, and often it's more profitable long-term to go for the smaller quick wins.  For me, at least, I prefer the smoother equity curve of smaller wins over the heart-wrenching wild swings in profit you can get when going for "the big one".

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
[quote = PaulDV; 12131636] {quote}是的，不幸的是，我认为这只是糟糕的时机。在回溯测试期间，已经出现了许多连续的损失，因此它可以并且将会发生。关于追踪止损; 当然这是个人偏好，因此它的参数设置为什么，但根据我的经验，坚持更大的胜利通常会随着时间的推移而适得其反，并且通常长期获得较小的快速获胜是更有利可图的。对我来说，至少对于我来说，我更倾向于较小的胜利平衡，而不是那些令人痛苦的狂野波动，你可以在获得“大人物”时获得的利润。[/ quote]

You are right

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
At the same time, I am considering the intraday volatility SL's stop loss according to the intra-month volatility adjustment with SL

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
ultron_PDV_104 set files.

Server time: gmt 0

Timeframe: m30.

try with 99% tickstory

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Back Tested using Tick Data, year 2018 and 2019 are awesome, but when we going test older data results getting bit odd

Section_0="===== Order Entry Parameters ====="; MaxTrades=5; Slippage=2; StopLossPips=69; TakeProfitPips=118; Section_1="===== Lot Size ====="; LotSizeCalc=1; FixedLotSize=0.1; UseProgressive=false; ProgressivePercentages="100,300,200,600"; Section_2="===== Money Management ====="; FixedPercentageRisk=10; PercentageRiskBasis=0; Section_3="===== Trade Management ====="; TrailingStop=40; TrailingStopStep=14; RetraceExit=false; Section_5="===== Time Filter ====="; TradeStartHour=7; TradeEndHour=19; BrokerOffset=3; Section_4="===== News Filter ====="; NewsFilter=false; MinutesBefore=60; MinutesAfter=60; IncludeHigh=true; IncludeMedium=false; IncludeLow=false; IncludeSpeaks=true; IncludeHolidays=true; Section_X="===== Trigger Parameters ====="; PeriodMA1=9; PeriodMA2=9; PeriodMA3=50; PeriodMA4=1; MaxVolume=25; MA1MA2Min=4; MA1MA2Max=13; MA3MA4Max=48; Section_6="===== Miscellaneous ====="; MagicNumber=20190311; ShowInfo=true; ShowAccountInfo=false; ShowParameters=true; ShowDebugValues=false;

2019 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2018 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2017 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2016 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
maybe setting the Maxtrades to 1 will help, anything higher than 2 maxtrades seem to bring in >50% DD

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
It reduce Trade counts and DD but not bring positive profit curve
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
it's not a good idea to let the trade float without tight SL therefore Feex introduced trailing-sl. Watch your GBPUSD trade and ready to jump in to collect small Green pips. Max 1 trade is best.

If you need extra trades then set ultron with other majors such as AUDUSD, EURUSD, USDCHF. I'll avoid USDJPY and we have big names such as mrdfx, cdsaa, paul, feex, pawel to decide ultron future with other majors.

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
As far as I know, we live in 2019, not in 2016.

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
I wouldn't get too hung up on backtests. I appreciate they offer some kind of indication of performance, but personally I would be analysing my results constantly throughout the year and optimising/adjusting settings depending on market conditions. i.e. we may start minimising the SL or TS depending on ADR changes. Summer months are usually worse for trading and have lower volatility, so I may even stop trading full stop or look at reducing my target profits. These sort of things backtesting doesn't take into account. We know that the EA works, so now it's a case of 'forward' testing it with multiple variables which I think this thread is doing well!

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
I know that, but if someone can able to find what is the reasons for those losses we can avoid those kind of capital lose in in future...

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
ive just had two more orders triggered after being stopped out im thinking of taking the EA out for now as ive had some heavy losses recently

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
Ultron triggered Sell trade in all three versions @1.3219+. Finger cross!!!

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
firstly, in the original version 6 and 21, in LITE_3 version 8 and 23 because this is for GMT + 2,
secondly, the essence of the time setting comes down to one thing:
The start hour is the opening time of the European session,
the finish hour is the closing time of the American session.
Everything else you are already changing, you select only for yourself, as you see fit.

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Market was different at that time.

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Now there are news on gbp, I'm afraid it is dangerous for trade.

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
the cause of the losses is the market. To avoid loss, we can if we solve the problem with losers - if not completely remove them, then at least reduce their number. Here's how to do it - this is the question ...)

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
open sells 1.32192 in lite 3 and PDV...gl all

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Not good place to open order.

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
yes, resistance zone but let's trust the ea

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Could you conduct the same tests over the years with the settings:

trailingStop - 30,

trailingStep -2,

and

trailingStop - 23,

trailingStep -2,

It is interesting to see how strongly trail settings affect long-term trading.

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Yes, I guess EA need filter to avoid open buy on 1 hour supply zones (resistance) and avoid  sell trades on 1 hour demand zones (supply).

all those past 3 negative trades opened near those zones.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Cant see much difference

20-2 ~ 2016  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

30-2 ~ 2016  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
What if you adjust settings based on time of the year?

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
it is necessary exactly 23 and 2) and there is a slight difference.
It is interesting for each year 2016-2019 to see the graphics ..
23 and 2 gives the greatest number of continuous wins, but the profit is not very high,
30 and 2 gives fewer victories in a row, but the profit is slightly higher,
41 and 12 gives a high profit, but continuous wins are few.
Therefore, it is interesting to compare from 2016 to 2019 which settings are optimal for long-term trading.

and if you can check it on version LITE_3

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
here is a rough run on control points for 2018

1. 23 and 2,

2. 30 and 2,

3. 41 and 12

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Im taking this Ea out of live trading for time  being its eaten through 75% of recent profit gained, love the effort in coding etc but GU is too unstable at the mo

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
My trade from last friday,..BUY,..still running,.in the monent - 63 pips,.overall i still in profit it ultron,..4 winning trades ,..220 pips profit.

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Actually, that looks more like a resistance turn support level as price seems to be testing that level for the 3rd time now and operating within that range since 13th March (the 2nd time it tested that level we had a loss for those using TStop of >40). If that level holds, price is likely going back 1.3290 level unless if the 1.3320 level gets broken wherein we probably would expect a breakout in the direction of the present open order.

Fingers crossed though.

Your suggestion is great but having the EA trade S/R zones will be very demanding in my opinion.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
US$ consolidated today.

BANKS/SWINGERS Take profit for their majors Daily BUY trades, which means US$ was purchased.

Swingers entered US$ BUY trades against majors including GBP therefore Ultron opened GBPUSD SELL trade.

But prices quickly retract due to US$ was sold somewhere in the world. So far unknown source sold US$ and day traders' SL were hit.

EA can't keep up with current affairs therefore they fail in certain market conditions. Best is to switch off EA in consolidation area or use trailing-sl to secure green pips in each trade.

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Couldn't agree more.

If Ultron is designed to run with the trend then we shouldn't expect it to do so great when the market consolidates. The Friday Buy trade that lost on Monday was at a resistance level hence it would've been wise to closeout the trade before the market closed - good instincts to those who did. The Sell trade that lost on Tuesday made a significant pin bar at a key support level so those with some PA skills would have gotten out early but at least we had the TS to keep us in the green. The present open Sell trade just made a key engulfing pattern at the support level - though still with a bounce - so I'm still bearish on this one in the short term if the level continues to hold i'm out. But if it breaks at candle close I'll let the trade run. My suggestion is to stick with PaulDV version's default for now until a breakout from the range happens and a new trend begins then you can up the TS if you like.

While EAs are actually designed with the intention to run hands-free I think to get the best out of them one should also study their actions and the market sentiments.

The poor results of 2016 and back could be due to market behaviour that wasn't suitable for Ultron at the time so we cannot just say the EA ain't profitable long term.

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
If it breaks this support level we all will be rich on this sell trade.

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
friday trade it sl -116 pips,..,.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
Having large SL doesn't really make for a great R/R especially for a non-scalping strategy like Ultron. I'd advice you rethink your SL value. You want to be in the game long enough to win it.

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
New trade for today!

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Same here - Friday Buy trade hit SL -116

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
Look for someone can help to build the multi-pair EA with the source code provided based this trading system.

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Mine closed for 48 pips profit.

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Good job ultron.

Paul V hit trailing-sl 49pips

Pawel V hit TP 69pips

Feex v hit trailing-sl 40pips

Sudden bad news pushed GBP down otherwise it didn't mean to hit TP lolll :-)

GBP is on its own and pushing NZD AUD CAD up.

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Stopped out with 37pips. Adjusted my TStop to 34pips using the previous swing low level and TStep at 2.

Honestly, if price later hits the 100pips TP level then I'd definitely be advocating for the partial close feature because pullbacks should always be expected

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Op tp hit. Lite 3 still going but just put a manual tp at the same level as Op and the SL has moveto trail in profit for lite 3. Is this just lucky though with brexits news lol

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
PDV104 Sell closed, capturing 33 pips profit. This is despite my Trailing Stop is 40pips. Does anyone know why this may have occurred? Could this be as simple as slightly delay from EA ->MT4->Brokerage ?

Thx

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
check your spread. If using ECN or standard account? but spread shouldn't matter when trailing stop is set to 40pips and trade went to 69pips.

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Price retraced 42 pips taking out your 40 pip trailing SL.

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Bugger it

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
But my step was 2, so doesn't that mean after 40 pips in the green the trailing stop increases every 2 pips? I.e. 40, 42, 44,46 etc ?

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
No, that's not how trailing stops work.  The TSL is how big of a gap you're happy to have once the SL starts to trail, the Step is how many pips to move the stop when the price gets ahead of the stop by the TSL.

If you use 40/2, every time the price is 40 pips or more from the TSL, the TSL is moved to 38 pips behind the price (locking in 2 pips).

If you use 45/13, when the price is 45 pips or more ahead of the TSL, the TSL is moved to be 32 pips behind the price (locking in 13 pips).

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Thank you for explanation, mine it hit the TSL around 28-29 pips, (IC Markets ECN DEMO)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Closed out the sell order everyone else got for +23 pips. 48 T-stop, 2 T-step is what I run. Small run but a victory nonetheless!

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
is it possible to get the mql4 for

ultron_pdv_1041

so far my set files are running very profitable in demo version. but want to add some extras to it.

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
My Live trade finish @ 1 31930 $41 in $1000 account,in ICM demo same

Great job Paul!

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Hi , Does any body know why the TP is not displayed below in the trade doscription. for trades?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Four trades so far on live account using original EA std settings,

07/03/2019 +67 pips with 25 pip DD.

13/03/2019 +67 pips with 10 pip DD.

15/03/2019 -55 pips SL hit

20/03/2019 +67 pips with 30 pip DD

Total +201 -55 = +146 pips.

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Probably because you used a trailing stop.  ULite3 uses a TP of zero if you use a trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Paul,

what TS and step are you using?

made 26.5pips with

TS40

step 14

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Very nice! Are you trading with an US broker?

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Broker is ICMarkets, based in Australia.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
The default of 23/2.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Thanks to all the contributors to this thread, i just subscribed and i think I like what I ve seen so far. Selfless contributors. Took some 28 pips from PDV104 yesterday. Still testing.

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
trade for today!

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
no trade for me

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
No trade taken for me either

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
No trade for me.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
I'm sorry, but I'm afraid not. Some of the code I've used was given to me by someone else, and they stipulated that I mustn't share it.

But if you'd like some improvements made, if you can define what you're after, I'll see what I can do.

Alternatively, the entry logic for PDV is identical to OP_1, so you can always start with the source for that.  The only difference between OP_1, LITE_3 and PDV_104 is the lot calculation and the trade management once the position is live.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Hi Paul,

Just out of curiosity, what future function are you planning to add into this Ultron in the near future?

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Two things are currently planned:TP1/TP2 functionality, allowing the user to close down part or all of a position at up to two defined points. Selection of the type of Trailing Stop.  Currently there's only the one type, which I will be referring to as 'Regular/ or 'Normal'.  Other options will include 'Immediate', 'Follow MA' and 'Previous High/Low'.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
[quote = PaulDV; 12139998] {quote} Attualmente sono previste due cose: funzionalità TP1 / TP2, che consente all'utente di chiudere una parte o tutte di una posizione in un massimo di due punti definiti. Selezione del tipo di Trailing Stop. Attualmente c'è solo un tipo, a cui mi riferirò come "normale" o "normale". Altre opzioni includeranno "Immediato", "Segui MA" e "Precedente alto / basso". [/ Quote]

Thank you PaulDV for all this, it's great. If further changes are planned ... ... then I would like to ask PaulDV if it is possible to have, in the input data, the "type of media" to make it possible to "play" with these and experiment with new configurations. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
2 days ago I started Ultron with agressive settings on a 200€ live account. I have the same 2 trades like you.

What indicator do you have to show you the past trades on the chart?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
I see you've amended the MA3MA4 gap from 48 to 70.  This is why your EA has taken a trade.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
HI! my seting.

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Thanks - that prompted me to run an optimisation on the MA3MA4 gap, and I've identified that 53 appears to be more optimum than the standard 48.  It makes 30% more profit, reduces the drawdown slightly and increases the win rate slightly.

I'll be using 53 from here on in, and will try and test some of the other settings as well.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Hi all, I hope someone can help me with this.

As I said earlier, I'm using the EA with the attachet settings. Using a 200€ live account.

I'm planning on withdraw from the EA 200€ once it doubles the account to 400€ (if I'm lucky). I plan to use that 200€ with another settings on another chart. Is that posible?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Hi, Paul. Indeed, 53 gives a significant improvement in all indicators!) I will make this change UL3.1 too.)

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
ultron lite 3.1,.????,..i only have ultron lite 3,..where is that version,..what is the diference for ultron lite 3,.?? thx,.FEEX

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
It doesn't exist yet - he's talking about the next version.

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
ULTRON_LITE_3.1

In this version, only MA3MA4 gap has been changed to 53 (ULTRON_LITE_3 uses 48)

That makes all the difference.

Thank you Paul for paying attention to this moment.

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
This is interesting perhaps then some of the other trigger parameters might have better results if optimized.

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Good find. Journey with a bit of change started. Well done guys.

I am off my laptop for last few days with guests. Will catch tomm with all. Lets test on.

Good going.. keep it coming

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
How useful is it to backtest from 1990 to 2018 ?

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
can this ma change be made on the PDV version aswell or will this upset the apple cart?

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
You just change the parameter for it.

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Cheers Paul I have made the change now lets see this badboy kick in lol

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
I missed out on the sell order because I only just now updated the MA parameter. Would have been a very nice trade otherwise. Good find with changing that value tho.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Lol same but now the EA is all updated and we all no GU is going to have some wild swings over the next month or so, bring on the Green pips!!!

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
PaulDV are you able to share trailing stop mql4 code?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Thanks! Are you using Ultron-Lite on any other pairs?

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Thanks, Paul and everybody for sharing and helping to improve EA. It's much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Only GBP / USD H1.

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
So does that implies more orders from the EA with this modification?

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
rough test:

ULTRON_LITE_3
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ULTRON_LITE_3.1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the same period of time, the same balance, the same settings (except gap)
UL_3.1 opened more orders specifically in this example

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Wow, Interesting! Good development!

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Can I test the EA with open prices instead of every tick? Is it reliable?

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Any testing for a specific period of time shows how exactly the program worked during this particular period of time, but no testing will show you how the program will work in the future.

Using any expert is a risk. And then you yourself make a choice - will you risk it or not)

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
I understand that. But there are some EAs that work with opening prices so you can backtest them with "open prices". So that's why I was asking that.

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

OK in all testing in last 1 year, we have picked up huge drawdown- according to some it is scary. 84% - Relative Drawdown.

And this has happened during May first 14 days. It is high volatile quick swings, which has affected these trades. This is the only 1 single instance in whole year where there were 4 consecutive losses.

Picture outlines which are those losing trades & how many pips was it before the market went in making the trade breakeven.

From looking at it,

What about this idea-

1. Bringing Spread into trade open. On a volatile market - spread is usually high.

2. If a trade which is opened goes into negative say about 60% or 70% of the original SL, then TP should be moved to Breakeven.

example, if setting SL is 100 pips, and trade goes into negative about 70 pips, our original TP should now be set to Break even price, so that when it retraces, order gets closed.  If the price comes into a break even range - say 10-15 pips range. new SL should be break even range.

new TP will be same or closer to our initial open price. And new SL should be 10-15 pips range of the new TP. That way, even if the price rebounds back into negative, we only take 10 pips loss.

I know some trades would close with this strategy, but i think, if this is coded, we might reduce drawdown, and we already have good winners.

What do you & @PaulDV say about this.

- For me changing ma-gap from 50 to 56 doesnt change much in terms of drawdown. main issue in previous was relative drawdown. profit was more than happy on both.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
On this backtesting with Open prices is not a good idea, it would show anything.

Order opening depends on Volume, so it not at the open price. full ticks need to be available to get proper testing.

And even with lot of testings, it only gives us high confidence on how an EA performs on historical data. It is probability only and not 100% guaranteed results. So still risk is at large. you still take general trade precautions, such as closing orders during weekend, and closing EA during NFP & other major news events. It usually helps performance of EA better.

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
I see. Thanks for the answer!

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
ultron lite 3.1,..open trade,.buy,..1,32089

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
Yup buy order opened @ 1.32089 by Ultron PDV 104.

Last Friday this happened and it hit SL on Monday so I'm unsure to let this trade roll over to next week.

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
But not PDV_104 on IC Markets. Out of trading hours.

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
No trade for me either as outside of trading ours on oanda.

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
If you have set gap, Ma3Ma4 53 has entered the market who has maintained 48 no.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
I have ma3ma4 set to 53 as well, no trade

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Got a buy order too, PDV 104. If this final D1 candle closes as a bullish engulfing candle, I'm going to let it ride. I use 7-21 time settings so trading hours run right up until 5pm EST.

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
Volume was too high on this Friday, i guess that's why orders din't opened, otherwise there have clear buy trades

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Yesterday there was something abnormal; in the last 3 games I have always had real account correspondence and demo both Lite 3 and PDV 104 with the same settings, but yesterday something was wrong the data of the 2 accounts did not match !!!! (Photo)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
All the brokers have many differences with demo and real. This is why some EAs or strategies works in demo but in real sucks.

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Hi guys. All night I've been playing with the settings. I am not a programmer, I don’t even know whаt some of the settings for, but I just changed some of the settings in order to understand which ones are more important and which ones can be ignored. I noticed that the expert is smart enough and if after opening of the order the price goes in the right direction and if price going in opposite direction, it will not come back soon, so you have to put or very big SL like 350 points (not good idea)to wait the price gets back or big SL are not needed at all, maximum 40 points. In addition, I have changed a few more options, as you know, the market is constantly changing and EA  needs to be constantly optimized. I tried to optimize it for 2018-2019. If you want to try, just Enjoy! This is for Ultron_PDV_1.

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Seems your broker may be playing some tricks.

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Sounds like a very good idea to me.

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Hi guys. SETTINGS WITH ARCHIVE IN THIS TOPIC, REAL ACCOUNT ACCOUNT.

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Seems like another trading system to me! Trading without stop loss?

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
What setfile are you using?

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
this is two advisers on one account

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
ULTRON_PDV_105

Updates:Startup messages are now output to the log. Improved some startup check messages. Improved the efficiency of the info panel. Added trade statistics to info panel. Detect the cycle on startup if using progressive lot sizes. Allow for starting cycle at a specific point. Amended the logic for the retrace feature to improve profitability. If you leave the broker offset as zero, you are now prompted when starting the EA to ensure that you mean to do this, as most brokers are not on GMT time.

The Retrace Exit feature is now on by default, and you specify the percentage of the stop loss you are prepared to allow the price to retrace before triggering the retrace exit.  Once triggered, the TP is moved to the 50MA, and the trade will either hit the SL (for a full loss) or the TP (for a partial loss).

This update improves the profitability and drawdown as shown below:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see, the profitability is increased slightly, and the average loss is greatly reduced, resulting in a lower drawdown.

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Awesome! Thank you for your continual updates with this great EA.

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
Well done paulDv, we're so grateful!

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
what can you say about the last picture in your post???

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Question for PAUL DV:

I don't have tick data, so I tested at 90% with no errors. I duplicated all the settings on your PDV_105 EA and got the following:

Total Net Profit: $1487 vs. your $18,989

PF: 2.61 vs. your 11.95

I know 90% modeling isn't ideal, but how can the discrepancies be this great?

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
Many thanks Paul, do we also need to install the FFXI.RoundLevels indicator for v105 to work or is it optional?

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
No those are for template to see what Paul has setup. they are not needed for EA.

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
90% data has too many mismatch errors. cant rely on it at all.

Now 2 variables- one open price is based on volume. so ticks matter. second closure there is retrace based on MA50. so again ticks play big role.

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
I Really Appreciate it. Go Ahead

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
i have a question from those who forwardtesting this EA:
do you confirm concecutive win/loss ratio in backtesting? i'm going to know  progressive factor really works?

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Thanks Veter, but we're all using 105 now.  Also, I recommend using tick data in order to get 99.9% quality modelling - 90% isn't accurate enough unfortunately.

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Hate to say it,but,this is curve fitting . Its like driving looking in the rear view mirror)) i know it looks great in hind sight.  Markets constantly change. What worked well before somehow  goes to hell as soon as you put real money on the line

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
Kola,

what is the other EA you are using?

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
Paul, appreciate your ongoing improvements.

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
But you are free to use non fitted version, according to you. Every version 104 or 105 all do have on and off features, You can switch off all features and just use TP & SL.

Let me say, why it is not curve fitting.

Back testing & Machine Learning based on historical data and improving the model is just about training your EA on old data to simulate forward movement. thats what EAs are for.

All March forward trades were repeated on back test as well on tick data.

Now coming to back testing or even for that matter EA, there is no guarantee, it is all about probability only. Markets are nothing but behavior of people trading against various factors- whether it is news, other economic factors or just speculation.

And every strategy is just a pattern which is observed and we try and fit. a repeat of the pattern and see whether it is successful.

Here on this EA, first we got the good signal, which allowed us to have more winners than losers - higher probability.

Then we focused on maximising our % of winners by bringing in Trailing Stop effectively managing it - again flexibility allowed.

Lot size calculation to allow for different styles to see how we maximise our winners.

To reduce drawdown, we saying, lets minimise our loss by reducing losers, even if it sacrifices few of our winners- thats where new feature came in. I think it did reduce a bit. not too much but a bit of drawdown. - if a trade goes almost 80%, then it is better to close it when it retraces, not expecting it to become a winner. already it has made a move of about 50pips or something. we saying, it is retraces to Moving Average 50, which is one of MA we using on this. It would be a good point to close it with that loss. it is just a pattern which has been observed to reduce losers.

We only have 1 incident of consecutive losing trades according to our signal. we can always ignore it and move on.

if you can, please help us find a reason why the signal formula worked better since August 2018 better. what made it good only now. how long will this run last.

Again, feel free to use without enabling these options.

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Thanks Pawel for your great EA and very good explanation of how the ULTRON works and look forward your updated version.

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
[quote = Johannes7; 12148800] {quote} Кола, какой еще советник вы используете? [/ quote]

advisors use 1) ULTRON_PDV_ 2) BULLDOZER

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Is anyone here using mql or myfxbook to show us the results of ea? and what are you thinking?

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
Appreciate for your test to this EA. Gonna run on my vps next monday

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
We pretty much discussing when EA enters the trade. In March we have had 3 trades.

And few based on changed settings, have new trade on friday, which is technically an open trade at the moment.

You can check in when a new trade begins and see the result. so many of us confirm how many pips have been made, either Trailing SL or TP.

It is work in progress. Some good work by @pauldv & @Feex, and still signal open signal being used is provided by @pawel. Thanks to them, we getting with positive buzz.

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
Ultron PDV 105 loaded with OP and lite 3

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
Man how is going M15? Is it profitable? What about MA50?

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
1- Ultron is been opening trades on Friday night.

2- Friday trades float approx 3/4 days and 50% 50% chances hitting SL or trailing-SL.

3- Some guys close friday trades manually and received 2 more trades triggered in next week.

4- Some guys didn't close friday trades manually and missed 2 profitable trades as compare to those who closed manually.

I'm happy with overall results with pawel, feex, and paul versions so its all good for me.

But for the sake of improvements, this matter is with mrdfx, cdsaa, Paul, & Feex to judge & decide.

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
I can't attach screenshots and then attach files. Is there an error? MA1-MA2 Gap shouldn't be green?

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
Closed Friday's trade with -8 pips.

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Does this EA work on live accounts or it needs a licence?

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
Hi Fareed,

I've performed some analysis on the results for the past two years, looking at wins/losses on a day of the week basis, and the trades appear to be fairly evenly distributed across the week, with the exception of Tuesdays, which has nearly double the trades of any other day.  Losses are also fairly evenly distributed, with Friday trades being no different to trades opened on any other day of the week.

Of course, that's historical, and running on forward testing could produce completely different results...

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
Is Bulldozer an EA or an indicator based system?

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
No licence is needed - it works on all types of accounts.

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
You should have trusted the EA - it's currently 34 pips in profit.

EDIT: just closed for 15 pips profit.

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Ah, yes, sorry - I thought I had fixed that, but I've just seen the same on my chart.  I've made a change to the code and tested it and it now works, and it will be included in the next update.

The issue is just with the info panel and doesn't affect the trading of the EA.

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
I don't even trust myself, and not talk about an EA. I could have close also in profit today with about + 8 pips, but when it turned back I thought better set SL little under open price then wait and pray with live account. I've waited since Friday night.

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
not bad, just 8pips loss is ok, we can live with it.

We can take next one... it is looking great.

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
Yeah, I guess that's one of the big decisions with Friday trades - do you keep them open, or close them?

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
close friday entry in profit with ultron lite 3.1 (MA53) +8 pips

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
For now keep them open. Let them decide if it needs to be closed. But, if you can allow the choice, no trade on friday afternoon. - I think it already takes very few trades. So it is not that bad. only 1 loss for the friday trade so far. even in history not many trades of friday which went bad.

I have tried optimising various set files. Default are the greatest so far. ma3-ma4 gap - 53 is still the best.

Am able to get all trades on backtest exactly same time and same behavior as the Live trade results. With Retrace closing of trade, we reduced our one single SL hit in march. very good.

So Tick data backtest only on this one.

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Welcome @Pawel.Gawron good work mate.

How did you think about those ma1, ma2, and ma3 ma4 gaps. very nice.

guppy moving averages was one who has used moving averages to this level. and now, this is looking great. Good work.

Though against your trailing stop apprehensions. @PaulDV & @Feex have put in some great work. this is going to remain as one of the best EAs on FF community.

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
I would like to thank everybody for the great work, you people are amazing! I have passed my CS midterms exams so I hope I will have some more spare time to contribute to this project myself.

Wish you all best!

Paweł Gawron

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
Congrats on your passing your CS.. -- CS as in Company Secretary?

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
For those of you who like some backtests of mine.

Here is the result with 5% Risk with Full Leverage. Check the Relative Drawdown, it is down to 30%. am happy with it.

single risk of a trade sits around 7% of the balance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is the result with 10% Risk with Full Leverage - same settings as @Feex. 50% Relative drawdown is not bad. As the drawdown is literally because of 10 days of May 2018. Single period of consecutive losses. Earlier this was 85% now it is down to 50%. If that 10days are ignored, relative drawdown will be in range of 20%.

single risk of a trade is 3.5% of the balance. Not sure, why it went down. - Max lot size played a role on this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is the result with no Leverage used for Lot Size calculation. Relative drawdown is 18%.

single risk of a losing trade is 4.5% of the balance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
Congrats Pawel - well done!

Actually, the only reason we're all here is down to you, so the thanks should go to you.

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
The Best Thread in the community so far. No chitter chatter. No Egos, No Foul language, None what so ever. Everyone focused on trade, and love the attitude of all to help make this one better. common goal.. better for trading success.

Lets get our hit run... longer...

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Glad to see you again buddy

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
Nice comparisons there.

Yeah, once you get to the broker's maximum lot size, the various money management options cease to be a factor and it's just the win ratio of the EA all the way from there on in.

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Thanks, I'll leave that option to one side for now and leave it up to the trader to decide one the day.  As you say, historically, it rarely loses a Friday trade.

Good news on the Live matching back test results - it's comforting to know that we have proof that this EA behaves exactly as designed.

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
these trades are given in here. backtest and Live trading matches, results can be compared.

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
I closed Fridays trade for +21 pips.

I was watching the PA and didn't like what I was seeing so took my profit.

I think even though this EA has performed great historically, with the current volatility on GBP from Brexit news it can go either way even if technically the open was good.

I'll be monitoring the trades opened by the EA closely and close manually if it doesn't look good based on GBP situation.

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
I just played in the tester and made a mistake in the time settings, it happened that instead of the start time 8 I set 10.
I was surprised at the test results)

profit increased almost two times.

(UL_3.1)
time 8 and 23
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

time 10 and 23
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

unfortunately the test is rough, if someone can make a quality of 99%, it would be interesting to see.

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
2017 with this settings blows account, isnt it bad? Or we dont look on data older than 2018?

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
This is based on Moving averages.

Current values on moving average gaps seems to hold good for 2018, based on volumes and swings. So we only looking at data from March 2018.

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
right.. even though EA opens, keeping an eye is nice choice.

We can always work based on our risk appetite.

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Nope @Feex,

not good. Increasing the time to 23 is bringing more losing trades.

Anyway ran both on optimizer. with starting balance of 100,

first pass is 8-23

and second is 10-23.

It is increasing drawdown. Not worth it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I used Optimiser because we are comparing 2 variables. And running normal backtest, it taking too long on your EA. it is slow.

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
When testing, you need to disable the information panel, this significantly reduces the testing time.

8-23 I use it for GMT + 2 and it gives a good result. I just accidentally used 10-23 and the result on profit was better, Therefore, I wanted to check the test in high quality.

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
You need to set Display info to "false" and it runs even faster then PDV.

EDIT: I see FEEX was faster then me to answer.

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
Hi, cdsaa,..first thanks for helping evry one with your backtest with 99% quality

in all the test you have done,..what is for you the best settings ,...?????????

THX

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
This is the maximum that I can do.

UL_3.1 time 8-23
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UL_3.1 time 10-23
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the effect is that I reduced the work time of an expert by 2 hours, the drawdown almost did not change, and the profit increased

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
Yes @Feex, but those results are not right. though overall return is good on 8-23.

but results for 10-23 is not good.

I posted the results, they are right results which i have posted. Use time 8-21 which better than 8-23.

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
I have posted on PDV105, results, those are the settings.

Personally i am on 5% with full leverage. it is working good with low drawdown. happy with my risk appetite.

Time- 7-19

risk-5%

full leverage

trailing stop- 23

step-2

Curve with 23-2 is smoother than others.

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
8-21 shows a worse result than 8-23 and even more so 10-23
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
Interesting as in my tests using 40 - 2 had better results than 23- 2.

Also setting a wider SL to 100 instead of 70 had better results.

I'm also not sure why but I'm unable to replicate your results in my back tests using TDS?

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
Time 7,..19,..is that gmt,..??

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
23-2 safer option. When I selected the settings for UL 3, I just stopped at two options: 30-2 and 23-2. 30-2 more profitable, 23-2 less profitable, but safer)

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
Hi i can't run the back-test  something is wrong Attached Image (click to enlarge)

.... pls anyone help me?

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
My Friday trade is still open. I run 48-2. We'll see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
Have you updated the settings for GBPUSD in TDS?  I personally remove all GMT offset of DST offset to get raw GMT data and then test with that and broker offset of zero.

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
You don't seem to have the necessary history data for back testing.

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
Paul, if I want each trade has fixed lot size, ie.0.1, not use full leverage in the EA, what should I set the EA?

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
I think it's this..

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
I mean fixed lot size in the live trade, rather than in backtest.

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
In my TDS I have my GMT offset set to +2 and the DST is set to US.

Should it be set differently?

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
On TDS, default if you using dukascopy, it is using 100:1 leverage. I changed it to 500 leverage.

Then I have enabled swap.costs and commissions of $7 icmarkets.

With that, you should be able to get same results. Dates are from 01 March 2018 to 23 March 2019

If am not.mistaken, you leverage in TDS is still 100.

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
On test, my data is DST, so I tested with 0 offset and 1 offset. Not much change.

On live, I did add gmt offset to 3. Let's see how this week goes. If it makes same trades as others.

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
what leverage are you using, pls?

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
Here are your results for Ulite v3.1

As i indicated making it 10-23 reduces the profit considerably.

Also relative drawdown is very high. check on it.

Ulite Hours - 8 and 23

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ulite 3.1 with 10 and 23

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ulite 3.1 with 8 and 21

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ulite 3.1 with 7 and 19

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Given multiple times.. Will attach full results zip, you can see where it makes those losses. -- All test files are in one zip.

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
Am using full 500 leverage. For this one, am using smaller account of 1000. i think most of users on this thread are using ICMarkets. me too.

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
Paul, just a question to Time

7-19

Broker offset:0 should that be +3 with ICM? (GMT now 7:30 and broker time 10:30)

I'm with ThinkFX same Boker time and I use 7-19 and offset+3...is that incorrect

By the way

my Friday trade closed yesterday 25/3 with +16Pips and Lite3.1 with+6.6Pips (10 min later)...so great result. That's 3 winners with PDV105 no losers yet

Thanks Paul!

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
Yes broker offset- +3 for ICM. Even Dukascopy is +3.

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
As @Hocius said, you set the Position size calculation method as below:

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
Thanks csaa!

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Thanks PaulDV.

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
thank you, cdsaa.

Once again, you have met, and helped to see the test results with the highest quality.

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
Been running PDV v1.05 for two days now without any trades yet, I am aware that this EA does not trade often, but is this still normal? Is one trade a week on average something that can be expected?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
I believe we had the last trade on past friday.

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
Correct - it seems to average about 1 to 2 trades per week.

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
New order opened at 1.32311 both live and demo.

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
a Buy Trade on @1.32309 14:00 broker time.

@PaulDV did you notice, we both on ICMarkets, one at 1.32309 and other at 1.32311

Execution time plays a role here. am with 1.5 ms execution time, VPS on same onNet as the ICMarkets on Equinox NY4 Server.

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
Yeah, I'm running on my desktop at home at the moment, with a ping of 120ms...not great!

I'm going to give the EA a few days to make some trades and then move it to a VPS.

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
Same with Ultron Lite 3.1. Buy at 1.32309. I'm live on ICMarkets

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
just got a buy order on 1032 but nothing on 105

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
Buy order for all versions.

Pawel.

Feex latest.

Paul 105.

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
What parameters are you using, and what is your broker's GMT offset?

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
open buy orders 1.32308 in Lite 3.1 and PDV 1.032

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
Sadly, I didn't get one. Running the EA from my laptop.

Paul, please could you remove the message prompt about EA designed for only GBPUSD?

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
Hiya buddy!

I take it you missed the trade because your laptop wasn't on, yes?

What's your reasoning for removing the warning message?  I put it in so that people would know from the start which pair and timeframe the EA was designed for, and to make sure that people aren't attaching it to the wrong pair or timeframe by mistake.  It can be clicked through to ignore if needs be.  If you load it to the correct pair and timeframe then the message isn't displayed.

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
I'm out for 6.7 pips profit

Still, profit is profit.

If the current candle closes long, then it's likely to enter a second trade.

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
New trade opened at 1.32425.

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
indeed, wish it good luck;

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
Yes. opened in all versions again.

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
i didnt get the new order my buy closed in profit

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
may be different broker. we mostly are with icMarkets and pepperstone

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
ah right i see has it opened one on the sell now?

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
Both Closed in +1 pip

Open again buy trades lite 3.1 and Dpv

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
No we all got buy trades.

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Yeah, that does't look to good at the moment!

I'm hoping it'll bounce off the 1.32000 as well as the 50MA.

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
So I decided to open a small separate account to run Ultron on its own and see how it performs, you can follow the TE in my profile.

Based on my own back tests and optimizations I'll be using the set file which I've attached for you guys to try if you like. The DD is a little higher than I would prefer but in relation to the expected payoff I think its acceptable.

I know historical results are not really indicative of future performance but if it can do only half what it did in the last year I'll be a very happy guy lol

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
So you got it on TDS now.

Yes Ultron has potential. It has become monster.

I have Robotron.

I haven't seen any EAs backtest with this kind of graph on Tick Data suite before.

Without tick data I see them a lot on plenty of EAs.

You went well with 100. It is nice using both progressive and full leverage. Anyway who cares how much percentage drawdown on a 100. Let it ride.

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
Yeah I had some of my settings on TDS not correct so I set it all up as it should be. After setting TDS up correctly it actually improved the results lol.

Yes $100 is not much so it will be fun to just let Ultron run for the next year alone, and then see the results and if I'm lucky make a very nice withdrawal.

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
Just as an aside: you can't use both Progressive and Full Leverage together.  If you specify Full Leverage, Progressive is ignored.

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
Laptop was on. Probably a little network glitch at the time. I got the new order at 15:00 for 1.32422. Not looking so good at the moment but I'm hanging in there cos I can see quite a number of bounces/rejections at the support level prior to the entry. Fingers crossed.

Meanwhile, regarding the message prompt, I just don't like seeing them pop up so many when I lunch my MT4 since I'm forward testing quite a number of high volatile pairs. Though not to stress you, I can manage it that way

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
My Friday buy closed for a break-even. I run 48-2. I think moving forward I'm going to make things a bit more conservative and use numbers closer to Paul's original 23-2.

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
Is there any way to filter buy or sell trades by the use of a MA or the daily pivots??

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
Hi cdsaa. I've tested with same settings as you but couldn't get same result.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Your test:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
TP is different

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
One is TP and other is Retraxe exit.

If retraceexit is false drawdown is relative drawdown 80%

Consecutive loss are 4.

Make it true you will see different result

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Pawel version hit SL.

Paul and Feex versions are heading to SL but never know British MP may sleep talk and GBPUSD runs towards TP. Otherwise GBPUSD trend is down .

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
Opening of an order immeditely after close on previous bar, seems to be something.

and there is doji. it is a clear resistance against bulls. so may be we need to bring in something about it.

But not many instances this has happened earlier. so, lets leave it as one of such incident. lets see how it goes. It is still alive on 70 pip SL- PDV105, so lets see if it hits SL. or rebounds. - then we have retrace 83% true. so we will still close it on loss i guess.

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
I agree! We have applied many filters to other profitable EAs but they r failed after years of hard work. Ultron is simple and doing great job and has good back-testing and front test results, yup this is our first Losing trade but that's alright. Paul said to have a trust in EA, So I won't touch the Friday's trade too  Thanks Paul.

This is unlucky day for mrdfx Live testing, but soon his account will recover loss + double the balance  It's too early to be disappointed, GBPUSD may reverse to Bullish.

my server is busy testing other Stuff, soon I am going to use separate Live accounts for feex original settings, paul original settings, and mrdfx set file in icMarkets live $100 each.  It will be great if Cdsaa release his set file for $100 initial balance.

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
I already did, but it is on comparative graphs i posted for 105, test files. I will send all 3 set file.

One aggressive, One conservative & One Moderate (my choice)

given setfiles zip as well as test results for those set file.

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
Hi Paul, Using UltronPDV, yesterday open Buy at 1.32430, just now EA modified TP under OP price to 1.32001, is it normal?

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
Hit SL 70.

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Yes, this is the Retrace Exit feature.  When the price retraces 83% of the SL, the EA basically decides that the trade is a loser, and moves the TP to the 50MA.  The idea is that if the price then reverses a little it will stop out for a smaller loss than a complete loss.

In this instance, it didn't make any difference though, as the trade finally hit the SL anyway.

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
lite 3.1 and PDV hit sl - 70 pips

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
That's alright. You will recover your loss in next trade

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
Same here. Don't worry. We need to have patience... In the backtest, if you backtest earlier years there's some times where it loses 20% of the equity and stays like that for like 6 months, then it recovers and makes huge profits in a couple months.

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
looks like few who had SL as 100 and 116 may still be alive on this trade.

SL -70 got closed.

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
can u share the mq4 please...we also can do modification

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
What modification do you want, we can discuss ideas first.

It would be difficult to control multiple versions.

@pauldv and @feex are doing good job, and they are giving without any restrictions.

This Ultron is great,

If you need, there are mq4 files which are available of earlier versions. you can use them, if you have some good ideas.

We are open to discussing all ideas... if it is good @pauldv or @feex can include in their code.

Am Happy to just using the EA for trading.

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
The source code is in the first post. You can make your own modification. If you want to change something in existing modifications, just offer your ideas, and PaulDV can be it implements in its version.

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
thanks,,,got it

sometimes DD goes very high.....it should maintain entry point in base of weekly support and resistance.....u can try davit fibo indicator code.....best one for entry
Inserted Code double wclose= iClose(Symbol(),PERIOD_W1,1);
double wopen = iClose(Symbol(),PERIOD_W1,1);
double whigh = iHigh(Symbol(),PERIOD_W1,1);
double wlow=iLow(Symbol(),PERIOD_W1,1);

double calPivot = (whigh+wlow+wclose)/3;

double calRange=(whigh-wlow);

// ***** for resistance *********************************************

double R38  = calRange*0.382+calPivot;
double R61  = calRange*0.618+calPivot;
double R50  = calRange*0.50+calPivot;
double R78  = calRange*0.786+calPivot;

// ***** for support *********************************************

double S38  = calPivot-calRange*0.382;
double S61  = calPivot-calRange*0.618;
double S50  = calPivot-calRange*0.50;
double S78  = calPivot-calRange*0.786;

entry should not exceed R61 and S61 in each direction

Attached File(s)   Davits Pivot V3.2 Auto.mq4

25 KB
|
409 downloads

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
can you post an example on chart

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

DD fall below 50%

once got 76 %

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
That's not a particularly good back test I'm afraid - 90% quality really doesn't cut it.  There are many EAs that show fantastic results on 90% quality data, which then tank when put on 99.9% quality data for the same date range.

I do like the idea of using pivot points or fibs to provide qualifications of the signals, though, and will look into this when I get the time.

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
But am trying to get hang of the idea.

So, idea is we cannot try and take a trade between R61 and S61 or We must only take trades between those R61 and S61.

IN March we couldnt avoid any of the losing trades if it is in between the R61 and S61.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Can you elaborate a bit more.

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
I believe that the idea is to avoid taking trades where the open is outside R61 or S61, and to also avoid long trades where R61 is less than the TP, and short trades where S61 is nearer than the TP.

The chart you show is weekly pivots, which probably work well for H4 or D1, but we're on H1, so maybe daily pivots would work better?

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Get ready for try number 3...

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
hahaha... yeah.

but it was a good one though, anyway our 70 SL went off, longer SL still surviving.

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
So lets see third BUy order in same... area. lets see how it goes today..

It is right at the Pivot R38 level. --- All 3 order in same zone. Breaking of that zone would push the price much higher. so our signal is trying to get that order. --- Point to be considered.

Lets observe this point.

As you have asked... @munna & @pauldv, i have changed the Pivot to D1 instead of W1 to monitor.

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
Yeah, there are some roadblocks for this trade...

Long, we have:1.32500 psychological level 1.32590 Daily R1 Short we have:50 SMA 200 EMA Daily pivot 1.32000 psychological level Daily S1 By all accounts, price should find it easier to go long, BUT, this is GBP which is being influenced by Brexit, so...

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
That's another long trade at a resistance level that has been tested for the 3rd time since 25th March. This was the same scenario that played out with the last 2 short trades wherein the former lost but the latter won - probably due to some sort of news 'cos of the length of the candle that broke the support level. If this is a norm with Ultron - I mean to open long trades at key resistance level and short trades at key support level - then we'd probably need additional entry filter(s). Only time will tell though. For now let's give it some time with forward tests.

For the previous trade that hit 70SL, indecision doji was a clue that there was buying weakness at the point of resistance and the next bearish candle was the confirmation. But since this is an EA I don't want to expect to constantly intervene with its decisions 'cos what then will be the need of a robot

Presently, the GBPUSD is in a sideways market and like I'd mentioned sometime ago I don't really expect Ultron to do so well presently. Myself I've put up a few high volatile pairs such as EURAUD, EURNZD, GBPNZD, GBPAUD, GBPCAD etc for forward testing on demo and they are showing promise. In time I'll post my results. This pairs make a lot of pips in short moves/distances and when they begin to move they tend to really move with not much pullbacks. But you don't want to be caught on the wrong side . If my results prove any good then we'd need to inculcate the partial closeout feature in Ultron so as to avoid closing out trades too early due to short pullbacks that usually take out the retrace feature.

Happy pips people!

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
Very nice, so many traders observing this, we will get to a good pattern soon.

Forward testing collectively has its advantages.

Good comments all... those observations are what made this such a nice EA.

Very nice points indeed.

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
Yes I missed that, but here it is new one and there is still difference.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
so guys, can someone tell me what set are u using and EA, I pic the EA from the first page and its only hitting SL all the time

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
Maybe we need something like this SR indicator to incorporate in EA in order to avoid these trades like 2 last trades.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   SS_SupportResistance_v07.53 (filter alerts MA) (1).mq4

49 KB
|
356 downloads

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
There are three main versions of the EA here, and they ALL use the same entry logic, so should all take the same trades.

The only difference between them is the lot calculation methods and trade management once the trade is live.

For ULite3 and PDV105, simply start with the default settings.

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
Looks like somehow you have lower ticks than mine.

I have 28803719 and you have 25151531 ticks modelled.- about 3mil ticks difference. which is considerable more than 10%.

am using Dukascopy as my base data. what are you using as your source.

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
My buy order @ 1.32309 from yesterday is still open as I'm using a SL of 100.

It will be interesting to see this trade play out with all the Brexit volatility this week.

Of course I'm really hoping that the pound will gain this week.

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
The same, Dukascopy and I tested with offset 0 and DST US.

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
Retrace please

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
If you follow the contrarian trading approach GU should turn bullish as 61% of retail traders are short.

Lets hope this plays out.

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
Buy order triggered for me around 9am EST at 1.32402. Went into the negative pretty quickly but hasn't hit the SL yet. Opened right at the top of the box the price has been ranging in for the past few days. We'll see what happens.

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
And today in about 2hr 55m we have UK parliamentary vote on Brexit. Pretty timing for opening trade today . Now we can just pray or close.

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
We have data short. Amount of ticks difference between both of our TDS data. Not sure what caused it. We need to check if someone else has TDS and can confirm number of ticks in that period. I think mrdfx also posted some data. Just checked one of his post- it is 28mil ticks.

So few days missing in your data. may be update the TDS to download until today. It will fill in gaps if any.

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
Strange, I'll see what I can do.Maybe because it's trial, but it shouldn't be the problem.

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
3rd attempt waiting for breaking of the resistance. Interesting....

Curiosity i guess...

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
Goldman Sachs- Ultron 3:0

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
Unbe fucki'n lievable!

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
Looks like it got rejected but it's now trying again.

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Finally.

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Just got stopped out by trailing profit at 1.32449. Oh well guess it wasn’t a loss

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
What time will be the votes tonight ?

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
Retail sentiment has now moved to 73% short up from 61% which shows more retail traders adding to their shorts as the price moves upwards.

This is good for us as we are on the other side.

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
Stopped out in lite 3.1 and PDV in BE

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
Weird. I just loaded your preset, did a backtest and got a completely different result altogether.

Pic related

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
Looks like you used a fixed spread of 20 - we're all using variable as it can make a huge difference.

Also, have you updated your Tick settings to use GMT 0 and DST None?

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
No I don't think so - I don't know how I would do that to be honest. Also thanks for your quick reply.

Maybe the difference is that the others use Tick Data Suite, which I don't have, since I didn't buy it. Could be the reason.

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
No worries.

In the Strategy Tester, you will see a button that says "Tick data settings".  Click on this and it will bring up TDS.  At the bottom, there should be two dropdowns: one for GMT Offset, the other for DST.  Set GMT Offset to zero and DST to none.

There should also be a checkbox for "Use variable spread".  Check this.  Then click OK.

The Strategy Tester should then update the HST files (the tick data) to be at the raw GMT times.  Now, when you run the EA, the Start and End Hours will be GMT, and you can set Broker Offset to zero.

Your tests will now all be at GMT.  When you run for real (on either a demo or live) you can leave the Start and End hours at the optimum settings you've found, and simply set your broker's offset and you should get the same results going forward.

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
Paul,

in my Live account, I have 5 winner/ 0 losers which is great

Time 7-19 GMT+3

On my 2 Demos account got wiped out with the combined loss from PDV105 and Lite2.1 0f $5000

My 4th trade at 14:00 finished in profit on Lite and PDV105, but 2 demos took trade at 16:00 which went bad, but this trade wasn't take on Live.

I had change GMT offset to +3 (7-19)and my demo was running at GMT+2 and Lite3.1at 8-23 .

Did the time difference affect the entry?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
Which broker are you with?

The time difference will affect the window during which trading can take place.

The only reason I can see why your demo took a trade when your live didn't is that your broker isn't really on GMT+3.  Those of us running on GMT+3 got a trade at 16:00 which then got stopped out for about 6 pips profit.

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
Most of retailers are using SL and Big bank (liquidity providers) can see your SL. Pray if someone is shorting GBPUSD, banks may spare shorters this time to their TP, but mostly they hunt SL. Otherwise why would they provide you liquidity to trade in FOREX? They want you be successful trader/over confident and then hunt you down.  Love ultron, brainless is better than brain sometimes.

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
Could we change to use GMT time?
https://docs.mql4.com/dateandtime/timegmt

if we use gmt time,   not need care the broker time , the user can easy test the EA .

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
for D1 pivot trade normally allow range R78 to S78 also weekly 61 is for reversal trade, if daily 78 goes above or below weekly 61, dont allow trade in same direction,

place trade in opposite direction after weekly 61, cause soon most of time curve return to pivot

if daily pivot below weekly pivot its down trend and if daily pivot upper weekly pivot its up trend

trend always try to follow/come back to its pivot point

follow here:
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=588764

my chart style:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
Live account with Think Fx, demo ICM and Pepperstone.

I think they are all GMT+3.

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
You need to change leverage to 500.

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
I can't seem to find the offset for ThinkFX, but it might be GMT+4 right now (I believe they are UTC+3 by default, but may have gone to DST by now).

IC Markets are definitely GMT+3 at the moment.

Pepperstone are currently GMT+2.

So, you actually have a range of server times there.

You really should know your broker's GMT offset - it's very important for many EAs.

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
That doesn't do what you think it does, and is virtually useless for coding EAs.

It returns the time in GMT using the LOCAL PC's GMT offset, and doesn't give you the GMT time based on the server's offset.  This is why you will see many EAs asking for your broker's offset.  Those that don't usually assume that you have entered the times adjusted to the server's time.

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
I got a new sell at 1.31517

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
Same here.

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
Why open sell if it says volume should be <25 and is wright now 555.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
Pawel version didn't trigger, but feex & Paul versions received Sell order.

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
I think Pepperstone is also GMT+3 presently like IC Markets 'cos I do compare their details often

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
Has anyone noticed that Ultron keeps triggering trades at every turn of the 50MA when the 50MA tends to trend a bit? From Pawel's description of the logic behind the entry I'm now strongly convinced that as long as the 50MA continues this dilly dallying around the present range GBPUSD is in, Ultron will suffer. And not until a real breakout from the range occurs I really don't see much success. So far it's just been bounces and false breakouts. Maybe it's just my pessimistic side talking here

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Mrdrfx, your trade was lucky to survive with SL 100pip against ours SL @70 pips. Gbpusd retract and I did notice your account was $20 - $40 floating profit. Your trailing-sl didn't save the trade and SL @100 pip hit.

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
Because at the time the trade was opened, the volume was less than 25.  That shows the current volume.

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
I know it's current volume, I didn't see when opened trade but I checked almost immediately and it was 555 at that time.

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Computers (and the markets) move fast

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
Yes indeed. And now again BE.

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
Yeah, same here, however my demo account is still running - slight differences in execution seems to have triggered the SL move on live but not on demo, meaning that my live has stopped out for BE but my demo is still running.

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
PaulDV can you please make trailing like this in picture so that we can lock profit how much we will and then trailing from there.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
Can you explain what those options mean and/or do?

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
Same as yours, just ignore word Basket, this is from basket trading EA. And here we have Add BE with profit lock where we can choose how much profit we want lock after trailing start, and then trailing step same as yours. With your EA after trailing start it jump to BE, but here we decide how much pips from BE we want to lock in profit before start trailing. I hope you understand me now.

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
In simple,

BE_Profit = 5 (5pips or 50points).

Trailing Stop will take that at the New Price to calculate the Trailing Stop start.

Openprice +BE_profit ( so minimum profit is locked).

Who want obsolute BE- they can choose  2 pips. and some who want 10 pips, they can specify, so trailing calculation will start after 10 pips- 10 pips+trailing stop pips.

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
OK, so if I understand it correctly, it would work as follows:Price hits 35 pips profit. Stop loss is moved to +30 pips profit. SL stays where it is until price reaches 35 pips ahead of SL. SL is then moved forward 5 pips. Repeat 3 and 4 until SL or TP is hit. Does that describe it properly?

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
No.

When profit hit 35 pips

Move SL at BE + Lock profit ( you decide how much you want to lock after BE)

Trailing step as yours.

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
nope.

Now, you calculating Trailing Stop- 23 from Open price.

BE_profit=10 pips

But now you calculate new open price for calculation  - Open Price+10 pips.

So trailing stop is essentially 23+10 pips.

You use instead of Open price- Open Price+BE_profit

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
I think that's exactly what I said, only in a different way.

If price hits +35, move SL to +30, then trail as normal.

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
Sorry, but I don't understand any of that.

Can you break down the logic into bullet point like I did?

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
Sorry, that was exactly the same as I want to say, I just forgot what numbers was in the picture I uploaded.

You don't change logic of EA with this change , just add BE option for those who want that option.

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Paul, in my VPS time for all 3 it shows GMT+3

Unless Pepperstone just changed.

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
Hi Paul..

appreciate all the improved version provided. Is there anyone had tested with tick data for year 2016 - 2017 ?

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
OK, so if I understand it correctly, it would work as follows:

variables

BE_Profit/LockProfit = 10

TrailingStop=23

TrailingStep=2 Price hits 33 pips profit. Stop loss is moved to +10 pips profit. SL stays where it is until price reaches 23 pips ahead of SL. You continue using Trailing Step & Trailing Stop - like in current TrailingSL Repeat 3 and 4 until SL or TP is hit.

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Then the only reason you would get different results would be down to different spreads and market prices offered by the broker (many don't give you the true market price).

I know that IC Markets are true ECN, but what about the others?

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
Nope. Price hits 23 SL moves to 10. Price hits 25 SL moves to 12.

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
ok.

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
Thanks - that's much easier for my brain!

OK, so there seems to be a slight difference between this and what @majamivice is asking for.

You're saying don't lock in until we reach TSL start + LockInProfit; @majamivice is saying lock in when we reach TSL start.

The issue with the former is that you might miss the lock-in point; the issue with the latter is that you are likely to get stopped out for the LockInProfit.

I do have 'standard' BE code in the EA that is currently commented out.  It consists of two parameters:

BE_At

BE_Profit

The way the standard code works is:
If BE_At is not zero, then the SL will be moved to BE when the number of pips profit is reached.If BE_Profit is not zero, then the SL will be moved past BE to lock in the number of pips profit.Trailing SL works only when price is ahead of either the OpenPrice or the SL (whichever is greater) by the specified trailing value.

This would cater for both scenarios mentioned:

TrailStart=23

TrailStep=2

BE_At=33

BE_Profit=10

and

TrailStart=35

TrailStep=5

BE_At=35

BE_Profit=30

The only issue I have with this is that it is introducing ever more variations to test out, but could possibly help in those 'bad' periods...

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Oh, so when you said 'trail as normal' you meant trail from OpenPrice and not the SL.

In my previous example, this would be achieved by:

TrailStart=15

TrailStep=2

BE_At=23

BE_Profit=10

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
It is nice.

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
this version is implemented by BE. This version with a fixed lot, but the principle of operation can be viewed.

Only trailing works differently.

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
Sells trades closed in Lite 3.1 and PDV

+ 20 pips

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
In my exemple as I described above.

TrailStart=23

AddBE=true

BE Lock in=10

TrailStep=2

Price hits 23 pips profit, BE moves to 0+10 pips, price hits 25 profit SL moves to 12 and so on.

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Yes unfortunately it hit SL and Murphy's Law the first trade on the small account loses.

The TS did not activate as I have it set at 40 - 2 and the trade went in profit max 39 pips so it missed the TS by 1 pip. It would have been a good catch if it could have caught the TS and booked some profit before the retrace.

It's fine Ultron will recover, its only the first week, lets see after a cpl of months.

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
Basically, what you're describing is a 15/2 trailing stop, i.e. you start trailing after the SL is moved into profit by 10 pips, but you then start trailing the stop in steps of 2 with a distance of 15 (25-10=15).

So, we're talking the same strategy, but the parameters would be set as I'd described.

It may make a bit more sense if I reverse the order of the parameters like this:

BE_At=23

BE_Profit=10

TrailStart=15

TrailStep=2

So: when price is 23 pips in profit, SL is moved to +10 pips, and then price trails by 15 pips in steps of 2.

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
So with those settings if I understand correctly, when price moves to 25 pips in profit SL moves to 12 pips, 27 to 14, 29 to 16 and so on. If it's correct then we are talking the same.

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Correct.

The good thing about this is that the code already exists in my EA, but I simple have it commented out.  If this seems like a popular feature, then I'll uncomment the code and re-enable the break even feature.

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
It’s better to have dynamic adr to move the SL

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
It doesn't hurt at all. As of now, when profit moves let say to 23 pips, SL moves to BE at stays there. And if price moves back to BE we loose spread and commission costs like today. With BE feature we can lock profit as we wish( it can be zero), and it doesn't change anything for those who don't want this feature.

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
Or you can make separate EA with this feature. But I don't see why anybody would be against this feature because it doesn't change anything if you don't want.

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
I can enable it, but simply have it turned off by default - best of both worlds then.

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
good, default is off.

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
Not problem at all.

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
Hey guys, did anyone backtest the years BEFORE 2018? And if yes, how are the results there.

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
there were tests even before that period. we have had answers on the topic earlier.

for now results are good only in 2018. before that not great.

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
Oh damn, thanks. Not that great news.

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
Paul, they are al ECN brokers, I don't use anything else.

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
Please read other posts on the topic. Answer is elaborately given.

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
How can I use the .set files coz I'm trying and failing to.

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
I've removed Pawel version from live account, Sorry Pawel :-). I'm live with Paul 105 0.05 fixed lot size in one chart and cdsaa preferred settings 0.05 fixed lotsize to second chart. Will let them run for this and next month, and watching closely mrdfx settings. cdsaa didn't find much difference except TP is 118 in yours.

GBPUSD has broken Daily chart's support line yesterday, has developed new down trend. Technical traders understand what does that mean, no more buy trades starting from here only waiting for SL to be hit. The GBPUSD is in fundamental traders hands and they will definitely shake GBP with brexit news. Tonight gonna be good night, tonight gonna be good good night. I got the feelings.

Finger cross!!!!

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
UK Moves to DST

As the UK has moved their clocks forward this weekend, the London open now begins at 09:00 GMT.

The default trading times for ULTRON_PDV is 07:00-19:00 GMT (basically the most volatile period of the London and New York sessions), so these need to be moved forward 1 hour to compensate.

This is done, by subtracting 1 from the Broker Offset, so my setting (currently at +3) will revert to +2.

I urge you all to do the same, but the choice is yours, of course.

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
Hi Paul. Will you upload anytime soon the new version with BE which we talked about last time?

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
Yes, but unfortunately with this weekend being Mother's Day, I've had the family over and haven't had the time to make the changes.  I'll try to get them done this week, and will upload a new version as soon as I can.

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
OK, no problem, whenever you have time. Cheers

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
Thanks Paul. I've updated icmarket ea time to gmt +2 ... thanks for the update

EA History; things go well in Demo but screw up Real account. I'm live with Paul version small lot 0.10 so let's see how things goes this week .

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
Buy Order triggered on 1.30987

A

on my 2 Live Servers both on ICMarkets.

1 VPS to Live Server is 0.94 sec ping time - triggered order at 1.30982

other VPS with 3.96 sec ping time triggered order at 1.30987

difference of 1/2 pip or 5 points. How much of impact is this on exits in our trades.

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
Open buys in PDV and Lite 3.1 at 1.30989

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
My VPS at 1.30986 ThinkForex

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
Opened at 1.30984 - running from my laptop

EDIT: Countdown to Brexit talks in 2mins ...

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
I wouldn't have open manual GBPUSD buy trade, USD data is due in 1 and half hour at 11:30PM AST and Brexit is been too funny.

Hoping another TP tonight. FINGER CROSS!!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
buy trade, open,..ultron lite 3.1,.. 1.30985

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
Yup seem trailing-sl will hit soon.

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
My trailing-SL got hit

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
yep,..trailing sl, hit,.for 3 pips profit

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
If the current candle closes positive, it will open another trade.

This is a really bad level to be doing that (1.31000), but I guess we just have to wait and see...

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
No trade for me, with ultron lite 3.1

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
Pawel & Feex lite both are still running.

Silly me. Pawel can't be close without hitting SL or TP.

Feex version has different trailing stop settings.

Overall, i think still good to start trailingSL earlier than hitting SL and regret. So all good .

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
ULTRON_PDV_106

Updates:Corrected colour of figures on info panel. Added trend details to info panel (everything has to be green for a trade to open). Added a separate MA setting for the Retrace Exit figure (currently defaulted to 50 - the same as MA3). Added break-even settings and logic.

The break even logic is checked before the trailing stop logic, and the trailing stop only starts when the price is in profit by BreakEventAt+TrailinsgtopStart pips.

Setting BreakEvenAt to zero (the default) turns off the break even logic.

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
For some reason I have two buy trades opened.

I know I have max trades set to 5, but it seems strange that two buy signals are triggered by the algorithm.

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
That's not strange at all - that's what the MaxTrades does; it allows a further trade to be opened if it gets another signal.

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
Closed by TS + 20 pips

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
Buy trade closed for +3. Standard settings. A wins a win.

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
Closed manually at 1.3136 for +38 pips.

I don't like the current PA and didn't want a repeat of last week so I booked my profit and ran.

Last weeks loss was a bummer, was 2 pips short of hitting the TS before it reversed an hit SL of 100 pips, something I don't want to repeat.

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
Something is very strange here. When I test PDV_105 with TDS 23/2 trailing I get completely wrong result compared with real result on my account. Enter price is almost the same but exit price won 25 pips on tester but on real account was BE. I guess it's the same for other days as well with wrong results on tester. I can't compare the other days because I was intervened manually before but for this day I know it's wrong on tester.

TDS 23/2 trailing setting:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Real account:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
Are you using Tick Data Suite for testing?

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
Just for the sake of clarity, none of the move-opening parameters have changed, they're just now displayed, correct? It still utilizes the same opening signals as Pawels original EA?

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
Correct, the display is for information only.

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
Thanks Paul

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
Paul, have you done any backtesting with Break Even setting?

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
I couldnt see much difference in using BE.

Point mentioned by @majamvice is indeed true. Closure is indeed different. Timing as well as number of pips being made.

@mrdfx - good to close in on manual after 30+ pips, if we can price action (PA) is not our favor we can close the trade. It is a good idea. more over this EA is only opening few trades. So we can always use our own judgement to close profitable trades. Win is a win

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
Yes, and because exits are very different I don't think we can trust at all backtesting results.

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
I wouldn't say that.

It happened once I did give full March results, please do compare open close.

Previous trades did coincide.

I was wondering, what caused such a close, it is timing. Because i have seen, on a fast spike, closure will be different based on speed of server as well as connection to the broker.

Opening times do match perfectly. So Backtest results we have to give credit.

Anyway it doesnt matter. This is still a good EA, signals are very nice and strong. We can make money on this. not sure about others, I did make money in march with trades using this one. 1 trades went SL though 3 are on BE rest on trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
It's sure this is good EA and profitable, but we need to watch it and decide what to do, but so is with all other EA's. I don't think speed of server could make 25 pips difference on tester compared to real account.

I wonder how it would be with MT5 version as their tester is much better compared to MT4.

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
On my ThinkForex Live account ECN(92ms connection) , all of my 7 trades have been winners since I started. I believe a fast connection and ECN account makes a difference in execution of trades.

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
I don't think 92ms is fast connection. What would you think about my 2ms connection if you think your 92ms is fast.

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
I don't think 92ms is fast connection. What would you think about my 2ms connection if you think your 92ms is fast.

And we are not scalping here,so fast connection doesn't matter so much in this case.

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
It did make difference.

gave comparisons of 5 points between 0.9 ms and 3.92 ms connections to same broker yesterday as it happened.

It does make difference while entry, but on trailing stop- unless there is a huge spike it wont make much dent.

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
With whom do you get 2ms?

Is it Vps or the broker?

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
It's from my VPS to IC Markets server.

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
Buy order triggered ~2 hours ago at 1.31153. Currently +17 pips. PDV 106, standard settings.

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
Which provider are you using?

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
Position hit the TS for +10.

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
I didnt get any order. interesting you had an order.

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
Really? Anyone else get an order Today?

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
Nop...

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
I have older on lite-3 version.

at 2019.04.02 22:00 , buy at 1.31141 , still not close...

trading time is open 8 to 23  , ICmarkets

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
I am new here!

Hello Guys..

Please can all confirm about the order triggered at 2019.04.02 on time 22:00 who recieves it with which version and time setting aswell!!!

I want to make a point

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
Please confirm your broker gmt and your hours and time settings too

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
Can you spend sometime to go through the thread. You will also understand how this ea works.

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
win-vps.com

Choose New York server if you have Ic Markets.

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
Thanks majamivice.

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
pricing is very good on this.

am paying $35 for same Network with ICMarket on Equinox. i get 1 ms and

if you getting 2ms on $3 server, i can live with it. interesting. let me test on this.

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
No order opened on my side.

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Yes pricing is very good,but it's just starting price, it will be little more with windows, but see yourself. Wright now on server Live16 I get 1.92ms, but on Live 15 2.12ms. It changes little bit all the time but still very good ping.

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
My broker is Forex.com. I run with no GMT off-set which corresponds to their server time. My time settings are 7-21.

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
The default time settings are 07-19, but it looks like you've changed your hours to 07-21, which is why you had an order open at 20:00 while the rest of us didn't.

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
Wow!

My connection is about 94ms...time to get me a VPS I think!

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
Check with broker time printed on chart, usually it GMT+3

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
I think for latency mine is pretty good although my VPS is a bit pricey and I'm looking for one a bit cheaper but still offering same specs.

On a side note I've been thinking if its wise to trade this EA live cos with all this Brexit volatility even if the entry is good all it takes is one stupid comment about Brexit to send the trade to SL. It's a real risk these days to trade any GBP pairs I think at the moment.

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
Am using on live. It wont harm, as there is SL.

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
Your broker Gmt is 0 ?

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
Hello Paul ! Big fan of urs...

Just want to know that the default timing which u mentioned in your EA 7-19 is based on GMT offset 0 ? right?

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
That's the point I'm trying to make.

Even if the entry is good and the trade is in profit and then some Brexit news comes out unexpectedly and sends GBP the other way hitting the SL, so technically the order was good but news due to Brexit made it a loss so that is the harm.

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
So why Ea has taken an order when their is a news? it should be disabled whether its a good trade or not...

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Yes it is. If I open the Market Watch tab and look at the time at the top of the table, it is exactly GMT. Other websites that list server times for various brokers supports that forex.com uses GMT server time with no offset as well. I adjusted the close time to match the closing time of NYSE which means the bot is allowed to make moves right up to 5pm EST.

That does indeed explain why I got an order when nobody else did.

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
It does explain! you are correct with your timings according to london and newyork sessions...

In Paul 106 default hours are 7-19 where it shorts 2 hours according to 2 sessions.. it should be 7 -21 with respective GMT broker offset

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
Agreed. i think as it is only 1 order in a week, we can easily manage this open order..

i did close on 34pips.. manually.

@maddi

you will get used to the EA as you follow.

EA - opens an order and Brexit news and events are not timebound. right now they are happening anytime.

In EA there is news feature. but we talking about this Brexit, where every news is trading spikes. and swings are big swings.

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
Thanks @maddi!

Correct.  Although you could extend the time to 21, in my back testing orders opened during those last two hours had a tendancy to generate losses, which is why I cut the times short in the defaults.

If you're watching the trades, and can intervene manually, then there's no harm opening up the time period a little and keeping an eye on the trades so you can intervene if they look like they're getting into trouble.

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
Yes that would be great Idea!!!

Please guys request to all Please do share your views if you see a bad trade i opened by the EA at once on this group so we can all treat it manually there and then !!!

As I am a newbie too does not know forex that much to know which Trade is totally bad...

Now just Waiting for Feex to confirm his default Hours in his ulite 3.1 version so I can set them according to london and Newyork sessions too...

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
Yes! I get it now ...its the untimely news...

So, Best way to do it manually

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
can u share ULTRON_PDV_106 mq4 file ? It was great, but I wanted to edit some conditions when EA placed an order

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
Can you share what condition you thinking about, so that we can see how it makes sense.

Paul is doing very good on updating EA with multiple requests. So please do share your thinking about what condition you want to implement.

I see few people join and first thread they see is this Ultron and They are requesting mq4 rightaway to make changes within few mins of joining the Forex Factory forum - not sure whether they had time to read all 89 pages.

Source code is available on Page 1 for all, you can make your changes new people.

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
I don't know much about code, I'm learning it. I want to try adding some conditions like EMA89 to place the order, besides, I can copy the code from the internet into your EA, so that I can learn more.

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
you can do that using code from first page.

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
i am trying with it, but i think with ULTRON_PDV_106, i will learn your EA strategy, it will help me think more

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
3 days running this week, still no entry in 106 EA....anybody got any trade?

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
nope nothing here as yet, im still on 105 at the moment.

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
Hey guys,

We had only one entry this Monday and trade got hit trailing-sl 3 pips profit.

Wait for condition to be met, Ultron does play when its right time to play

Tomorrow is Friday, US positive data Plus British MPs sleep talk increase volume for GBPUSD, let's finger cross .

NEW SELL ORDER TRIGGERED at 1.31128 Paul 105. ICMARKETS LIVE.

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
Sell open @1.31122

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
Hey. ultron 106 open trade short

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
New sell order opened at 1.31126.

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
yep,.same here,.sell trade open,..1.31128,..ultron lite 3.1,..XMmarkets,..live

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
where in on a sell and looks really good so far

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
I couldn't resist, took 30 pips.

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
Thanks to Pawel for introducing Ultron to us. Trailing-sl was initiated by Feex, many opposed him but he proof them wrong. Feex & Paul both have done good job. It's just our personal preferences otherwise all versions are doing great

Trailing-sl is currently chasing 2 open trades. I'm live with original 105 and cdsaa setfile so total 2 charts & 2 trades same size.

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
opened sellers in lite 3.1 and PDV at 1.31125, both now in profit

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
I manually moved my SL up sensing the price might turn around but I'm out for +35 pips. Very solid move. I'm pleased.

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
Live closed for 26 pips profit.

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
Closed manually for +43 pips after I started to see the pull back forming. Booked my healthy profit and ran lol.

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Hhahahaha

Anyway just noticed the trade. Looks nice. Lets see how it goes I didn't close.

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
Yes deffo second that this is by far the best EA ive seen to date and its down to the hard work of Pawel,Feex and Paul, this is purely my only trading method on a low account just allowing the EA to do its thinkg nothing manual from me unless something spooks the market majorly.

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
On the $100 account I've left the trade open, I don't interfere with any trades as I want to see how it goes unattended.

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
Closed by TS + 21 pips

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
I am sure cdsaa, mrdfx, and I myself are live with Ultron...

I think many others are LIVE/REAL with ULTRON.

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
Yes, I am using a live real account. This EA is good enough to put some real money on, and more so, I trust the developers and contributors behind its creation and evolution. For once everyone's trying to do some good here. I respect that.

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
Great work!!!

Incredible EA!! Best of what i have seen in years.

Pit

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/PitDE/robo-7622/3260228

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
I am using Ultron Lite 3.1 on a live account and I would like to know if the trading time from 8 to 21 is correct, my broker operates in GMT + 2 zone

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
You have more trades in that account, are you using ULTRON in that currencies too?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
Hope everyones well, looking forward to another week running this awesome EA has anyone run this live on any other pairs yet im tempted but dont want to undo all the decent trades recently.

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
Hi wheres the most recent update of the ultron? Theres so many pages and i dont know which one has it so if anyone can direct me to the post or post the file here I'd appreciate it

thank you

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
on 3.1

8 to 21 still holds good for GMT +2 as per @Feex and previous testing results.

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
Hello,

Are you using Ulttron 3.1 or Ultron PVD?

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

click on 424 attachment icon on right top of this thread
all file there together, select and download update file

also u can see specific post for that attachment

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
Id like to thank the people that have worked on this EA - it is showing some really good promise. I so far have 3 profitable trades and no losses on live account.

Ive monitored its behavior and it seems quite safe in its behavior - im growing quite confident in its abilities and the way it manages its positions with limited risk, im looking to increase lot sizes soon after a little more testing.

So far - every trade has exited on trailing stop. I have tried different TS settings but cannot improve it beyond PaulDVs default in the back testing. Often the TS closes it out before it keeps going favourably - however if you widen the settings the profitability gets worse according to back test.

Who knows where this will go after brexit - remember the market conditions could fundamentally change and so may the results yielded by this strategy - surely for the better i think - less volatility and hopefully not so choppy PA - this EA should do even better i think.

Just wanted to say thanks again

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
You were lucky so I was. 10 trades with Trailing-SL 7pips profits can be taken by 1 lose trade of 70pips SL.

Better watch Ultron moves and trade with small lot size in LIVE for few months.

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Yes. It works.

Which pairs are the best? I want to find out:
http://www.myfxbook.com/members/PitD...487222/3265191

Pit

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
Hello,

Today I started testing Ultron 3.1 on Cable, usdjpy, gold, platinum, audnzd all 1H timeframe. No trades have been opened the whole day. Is that normal?

Live trading enabled, all five are smilies

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
From what I understand, having read most of the posts, it only trades a few times per week, not everyday.

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
Those ma gaps are good for gbpusd. Not sure about other pairs.

Anyway we will watch your results.

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
On what page is the latest version of EA??

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
I found..., page 86 if new one will search.....

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
There are three versions

pawel.gawron Original version is updated on page one.

You can find latest info by clicking on the paperclip at the top of the page and looking for post with file attached..

Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
Ok, thanks.... and one more, if anybody have the set files, sahre it

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
You can find set files by clicking on the paperclip also.

For best results you need to optomize the EA using the strategy tester on your Platform.

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
I would like to add my thanks to pawel.gawron the originator of the EA and also to cdsaa, PaulDV and Feex and many ohers for a fascinating posts and amazing methodology. Long may it prosper.

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
so nice to see that, can you share the ULTRON PDV 104 settings please?

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
I'm following this post since Page 21. This strategy is amazing it works on EURUSD, USDCHF, USDJPY. Only you need to optimize gap between MA1 vs MA50 and MA9 open vs MA9 close. From my experience, friday is not good for trade with this strategy.

Thank you guys Pawel, Feex, PaulDV, Cdsaa, Mrdfx and many other guys.

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
Hello Xuushuur,

Can you share the settings for EURUSD, USDCHF and USDJPY??

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
Greetings to everyone, first of all I want to thank you for sharing this EA, since yesterday I have released GBPUSD on my live account No business yet.

If I want to put EA on another pair, do I have to change the magic number?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
Sure, But i will share my config after 12 hours, im not in my home.

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
Added Brent and Dow Jones, now Ultron 3.1 running on 7 pairs. Nothing has opened.

So as experimental, I have just put all  onto 5 minutes chart, but gold on 15 min.

Let's see it.

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
Guys Ultron is made for GBPUSD H1 only. And you Guys are spoiling my plans to test Ultron on basket 28+Gold pairs H1 starting from next week with tight SL 10pips instead 50/70/100 pips..  (Less than H1 will increase number of losing trades therefore I disagree with less than H1 until & unless you make TIGHT SL for 1minute chart to 1pip, 5minutes to 2.5pips, 5pips to 15minutes chart, and 7.5pips to 30minutes chart).

Anyways:

1- Special Thanks to PAWEL for sharing his EA with us.

2- Thanks FEEX to initiate / beautify Ultron and include trailing-SL.

3- Thanks MRDFX to give his feedback to ultron, at one point mrdfx said to leave original version on its own and don't change. I agreed with him and been live with Pawel version until recently changed to Paul version with trailing-sl.

4- Thanks Paul & cdsaa joined this Ultron together.

My testing conclusion::::

1- Pawel's version is 50pips bet each trade, it hits either 50pips profit or 50pips loss FIXED. If you make 50pips Loss so next trade can recover 50pips. winning rates 58% .

2- Feex & Paul versions are trailing-sl that's how trade close in profit for 3pips, 9pips, 13pips, and sometimes 43pips Not fixed. Winning rate is between 90% to 95%.

However, 1 losing trade gives you -70pips dent, eat up most of profit.

This is VOLUME EA, ENTRY is perfect in GREEN zone and profit secure by trailing-sl. Sounds good & PERFECT ENTRY .

Some trade does not trigger trailing-sl therefore trade goes to RED ZONE and can either retrace to GREEN ZONE or close with 50pips, 70pips, 100pips loss OUUCHHHH .

This is up to Pawel, feex, mrdfx, cdsaa, and Paul to discuss how to deal with losing TRADE with 50pips, 70pips, and 100pips dent/loss.

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
Ok, but the question is, are MA 1/9/50 the correct values to use in the first place? According to Pawel, each currency has their own characteristics and it's best to first understand the optimized values for the 4 MAs while adjusting their gaps.

Would be nice if someone can optimize them for at least EURUSD.

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
So it seems like with Feex/Paul's versions the accuracy of the entry is extremely important, and it would probably be a good idea to optimize the settings every month, or at least every quarter, so the EA can adjust to the dynamics of the current market.

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
Let's discuss GBPUSD h1 only. The originator and others don't like to discuss other currency pair  It's not right time to jump to other pair YET.

We've many other issues to think of before jumping to other pairs.

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
Agree... GBPUSD has many pips....

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
This is volume EA, it open trades in profit only. If price action lose momentum and your winning neither hit TP nor initiated trailingSL that's how you can see losing trade.

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
Huh? You mentioned that you are going to test 28 gold pairs and now suggest we only discuss GU?

In any case, I don't see why discussing other pairs is a problem, almost everyone is thinking of this path already and surely we can all benefit with the pooled experience/results, much like we have done with GU. (We are certain to continue the discussion of GU in the meanwhile)

I also recalled that Pawel suggested that we test the MA values for considerations of other pairs, so he's pointing us towards the right directions already.

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
For some of the newer members in this thread:

Pawel's original EA as well as all other versions were designed to run specifically in the H1 time-frame on the GBP/USD pair. The parameters for entry were developed from analysis of that specific pair on that specific time-frame. While experimentation is always encouraged, it's likely the values of every single parameter the EA uses to determine when to open a position would have to change drastically in order to be profitable on anything other than the GBP/USD pair, if it could be profitable at all. This is not a universal EA. This was and always will be a very specific EA for a very specific pair and time-frame. Just something to keep in mind for everyone attempting to run the EA on other pairs.

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
We aren't done with Ultron testing to GBPUSD H1 yet.

FYI: I'm manual technical trader/swing trader, scalper and have not been relying on automated EA but yes I do have plan to test Ultron to all basket pairs for myself. I will share 4 weeks forward test results in future not now, its too early to discuss other pairs in this thread. Keep your testing m5, m15, m30 and other pairs to yourself.

That was just an advice before pawel/Feex/cdsaa/mrdfx reply your posts. Good luck

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
Thank you for the comments guys, my interpretation that this EA might be able to work with other pairs comes from the following post from Pawel, now if I am misreading what he's saying then much apologies, but it seems that he made some recommendations on what needs to be adjusted to work on other pairs.

http://redirect.viglink.com/?format=...23post11677971

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
Cool.. team...

You are welcome to test and lot of parameters are configurable. You can see how it works on other pairs and share the results with us.

Someone earlier mentioned USDCHF has a correlation to the same conditions as GBPUSD. I did test out the USDCHF, it had more losing ones.

IF someone is up for task, you can optimise the MA gap parameters as well MA periods, if it makes any good.

Now that GBPUSD, we kind of reached a reasonable performance, we can play with other pairs, you can share your results with us.

Thankyou all wonderful community on working with Ultron. it is a great EA for sure.

We will still continue to share our Live Opening and closures - just out of curiosity.

I will try and optimize EURUSD and will post the set files & results. Lets see if it looks promising. I will be using @Paul's PDV v106 as a basis for optimization.

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
I concur with @cdsaa's comments above.

While Ultron was initially designed with GBPUSD/H1 in mind, I see no reason why it can't be optimised to work for other currencies and/or timeframes.  The parameters are exposed for all to amend as and how they wish, so if you have access to 99.9% quality tick data, then please feel free to test and optimise to your heart's content.

If you do find any settings that work reasonably well, I'd Like to ask that you either upload the .set files and/or a screenshot of the results report, showing the parameter settings you have used.

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
[quote = PaulDV; 12208083] {quote} Concordo con i commenti di @ cdsaa sopra. Mentre inizialmente Ultron era stato progettato con GBPUSD / H1 in mente, non vedo ragioni per cui non possa essere ottimizzato per funzionare per altre valute e / o tempistiche. I parametri sono esposti affinché tutti modifichino come e come desiderano, quindi se hai accesso ai dati di graduazione del 99,9%, non esitare a testare e ottimizzare a tuo piacimento. Se trovi qualche impostazione che funzioni ragionevolmente bene, vorrei chiedere di caricare i file .set e / o uno screenshot del rapporto sui risultati, mostrando le impostazioni dei parametri che hai usato. [/ Quote]

I would like to get back to the subject of trying to use the EA not only for GBPUSD and ask PaulDV again (maybe the first request was not seen or maybe you don't want to do it) if possible, to have the possibility to make changes too to the type of averages used and therefore not only to the period of the averages. This could allow a much wider development of the EA, in fact the averages are the engine of this EA. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Perhaps my comment about the EA was too harsh. I didn't mean to discourage anyone from experimenting. I'm just a "If it ain't broke, don't fix it" kind a guy. I look forward to seeing how the EA evolves.

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
Still GBPUSD is the only Pair which is promising.

I have tried multiple combinations.. on EURUSD, not great i must say. still couldnt find one decent setting which survives decently.

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
Im testing the EURUSD since 2018 to today, playing with the gaps and ema´s values.

the EURUSD have a critical drawdown in 2019. All the 2018 we won 4k in a 100usd account. Oh I'm using ULTRON PDV 101

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is my settings, the best I found in this pair

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Together we can find the best settings. I will try USDCAD.

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
Paul -- these are considerable enhancements -- thank you -- considering Pawel posted the original Ultron code here as public domain -- forgive me for assuming you are not as willing to post your Mq4 code -- will you consider providing to a select few for a reasonable fee? -- I'm four months into my MQL4 coding journey and would appreciate an opportunity to learn from you as I have from Pawel's original work.

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is my Test results for EURUSD best settings for 2018. It is still work in Progress.

Though the result was satisfactory, comparing to GBPUSD results, it pales off.

Zip file contains full test results as well as set file.

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
Hi guys, please which of the EAs is latest and better

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
They all use the same entry criteria.

OP has the values hard-coded, so you need to amend the source to make changes to them.

LITE has the variables externalised so you can amend them at will, and also allows for trailing stop and money management.

PDV is almost the same as LITE except it has additional trade management and money management functions,

There are several members here running all three versions with slightly differeing results due to differences in SL/TP, etc., so it's really a case of using whichever you feel most comfortable with really.

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
Thank you.  Unfortunately, some of the code within my version was given to me by someone else, and they made me promise not to make it public.  Personally, I don't see anything special behind it, but I have to keep to my word, so won't be releasing the source.  Sorry.

I've only been coding MQL myself for about a year now, and still have much to learn, but if there's anything specific you'd like to know about, I'll see what I can do to provide some snippets or tips if that would help. PM me.

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
Hi, sorry, but I didn't see this request until now.

I have played around with changing the MA types, and the results were horrible, so shied away from parameterising them, but I'll consider it for a new version when I get time.

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
buy trade entered @1.30793

opened at 10.00 PDV

My trade close SL 1.30847

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
No open order

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
No order opened.

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
No trade here either.

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
It did for me

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
no order for me

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
No trade on red australia broker,

Open trade on other green broker.

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
Curious!

The only thing I can think of is the spread may have caused MA2 to be slightly elevated above MA3 - that's the only thing that kept the rest of us out of the trade.

Hope it works out for you.

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
Hi,

Is there anyone have tried running with a cent account?  @PaulDV, can this ea be run with micro account.  Thanks for your response in advance.  Just new to the automated bot.  Blessed day every1....

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
new trade at 1.30790 with 106 EA

i m using ECN acc

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
no trade for me

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
Traded for me..

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
No trade here

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
dont knw how many pips u using for range bars, but pay more attention to ur charts to be loaded completly. Your not even looking at the same moments of the chart. Even though 1 min is too small for this matter. Yet both representing the same signal at same time

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
Hello PaulDV, pls i sent you a PM. Kindly check and give me a feedback. Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
Er...what?

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
No trade here, I am using PDV 1.06 and Lite 3.01 in IC Markets

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
Hi. I have an idea. When EA open first trade, if trade goes in loss 50% of SL, then EA open one more trade with same lot size. If trade continue go with loss then both trades close at original SL from first trade. If price turn after we opened second trade, then EA manage both trades as a basket with TP. I mean we have two TP fields, one original when we have just one trade open, and the other one(Basket TP) with 2 trades opened, just in case our trade goes in floating loss. When second trade is opened then Basket TP take over managing of trades. I don't know if you understand what I mean and if it's worth to make an such EA and test it to see results.

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
Just confirming: I didn't get any orders earlier today. PDV_106.

EDIT: Did get a buy order at 1.31138 as of 1PM EST.

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
Adding to losing positions "just in case" is a really bad idea in my opinion.

If I understand you correctly, we add to a losing position in the hope that it turns around and wins.  If it wins, then it wins 2.5 times the original reward, but if it loses, it loses 1.5 time the original risk.

It's not something I feel would work, personally.

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
Yes it's more risky, but I mean when second trade add it start calculate profit from second trade, and it need just half the way to first trade opened to BE, and we can use that option just as rescue on retrace if we want to, and we can trail profit also. That was just an idea, I don't say it must be good, but maybe worth to test.

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
I just got a buy order at 1.31138. PDV_106.

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
for me it's "out of trading hours"! no position!

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
Opened buy entries at 1.31126 in PDV and Lite 3.1

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
Yup new buy order opened at 1.31133.

Lets see how this one goes cos its approaching a strong resistance level at 1.3121 so lets see if it can break that level.

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
Buy order on...

I didn't get previous buy order as Johannes. But we are not taking spread into consideration. How did it play a role. Curious to know.

Am also not in favor of adding additional position to a losing trade. The strength of this EA is its signal. Retrace feature is just to cut losses so that we can minimize our loss. More over winning trade % on this EA is sitting around 75%+, which is very good.

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
Looking at H4 chart,  I feel this one will hit TP. Lets see.

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
I second that big time.

It's better to cut your losses than add to it. It's a terrible thing to hope for the markets to turn in one's favour considering we have no control over market forces. That's why personally I'm beginning to detest Scalping systems with huge SL.

Best you can do is stack the odds in your favour and let market forces determine the outcome. Personally I favour small SL and big TP. That way even a few number of losses won't eat up all the profits you've made with one trade hitting TP. The present settings with Ultron has proven beyond reasonable doubts to be a winner and I'm convinced that even without the trailing feature - which is of course a great addition in my opinion - Ultron will still be a long term winner with TP of 100 and SL of 70 as per the default.

You can't win them all. I know we traders don't like to see red in our accounts but like George Soros said (and I paraphrase) "It's not about how many wins or losses you have but how much you win when you win and how much you lose when you lose"

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
Nice double-bottom on the D1 too. Technically the move looks strong.

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
Didn't get the trade signal though.

I just looked at the H4 chart and what I can see there is somewhere between a triangle pattern (which means price can breakout from either side) and a falling wedge (which on the other hand should support your projection). However, back to the H1 chart price is testing that resistance level of 1.3120 for the 3rd time and a trend line drawn at the support level touches 3 points perfectly which brings me to my own projection that price is likely heading down. Also, adding a trend line to the resistance points forms a rising wedge which still adds to my conviction that price is heading down. I might be wrong though so let's see how things play out.

EDIT: While typing mine just triggered a buy at 1.31147. Well, fingers crossed.

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
1.31129,..buy trade open,.ultron lite 3.1

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
Price has rejected the 1.3121 level for a 3rd time. GU is going to need some strong buying momentum to break through that level, if it does we will hit TP for sure.

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
hi,

please anyone share Ultron ea latest version

thanks

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
Unfortunately my PC restarted and I didn't get the order. If I add it manually, the EA will follow up the trade? trailing stop etc? I guess not, right?

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
Same for me

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
each trade is assigned a number, if the number doesnt match, the EA would not update the existing trade.

Magic Number

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
Yes. Fingers crossed.

I can see this is like a pattern, we earlier had 3 trades which opened at resistance and first one did hit SL, if you recall it. But others closed on few pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
Well I was lucky, removed pawel version and inserted paul version, during this gap we had that losing trade... So far no losing trade in my Live account. Yes I'm testing all three versions to my demo lost 1 trade 70pips...

Cdsaa that's concerning a bit, we earn 10 profitable trades with 3pips, 7pips, 13pips and only 1 losing trade 70pipss will eat up profit. wE need to think of this losing trade otherwise all hard work on this EA will fail in few months. Yes I've seen big numbers more than 70+pips profit too but that's because of BREXIT news. overall Ultron Entries are perfect except 1 Friday was opened against trend but I manually closed that trade with few pips profit.

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
Looks like the price is heading upwards to test the level a fourth time. I think if it breaks through it this will be a really good trade. We can only hope.

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
Hi Emonts, I would be very grateful if I could also receive the Source Code. Best regards, Mathias

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
Just notice, we don't have daily adr info. But daily chart BB is promising to TP otherwise m1, m5, m15, m30, h1 are going to complete BB swing against this trade h4 BB will retrace in support to daily chart, no special news/calendar today but PM may due to address parliament tomorrow. Trailing-sl will initiate after 23 pips, and not much PA means small profit for this trade. Finger cross!!!!

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
I'm hopeful it will break the resistance because of the bullish candle of yesterday on the daily chart

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
PDV106 settings back test last 12 months at 99.9% using tick data suite, variable spread and inclusive of swaps.

This is based on a $10k account balance and using fixed lot size of 1.0 std lots per trade. Obviously the profit would be even higher if using MM settings but i like to use fixed lots for comparisons of back tests as it keeps things more consistent. Not bad Paul

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
please share Ultron ea latest version

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
Man, this buy order is hanging on much longer than I'm comfortable with, fingers crossed indeed!

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
Hahhahaha Yes, I agree.... PM May will address parliament today. Or already did nothing clear what time she's going to address them.

But this trade straight went to RED Zone. Still 50 50 chances it won't hit SL.

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
Cool, as what Alan taught, price now hit MA since H1 bearish div.

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
It doesnt matter whether this trade or any particular 1 trade wins or looses - whats important is the statistical edge which means it should win more than it looses over time.

One thing we can learn from the current buy order is that this EA is able to open an order into resistance or support or into a spike as the momentum builds. This leads us to perhaps adding some code to prevent this type of entry - easier said than done i know. However some early ideas could be;

1. using a market profile indicator for x period of time prior to the current time, to filter out entries where the price is approaching a price where the price has spent a very brief amount of time (only prior spikes) in the previous x period of time above (or below if short) the proposed entry price. Once this value = zero then the price has obviously broken through the level where it has not spent any time (above or below spikes during previous x period) and then entry is allowed. This is logic is designed to filter out entries where there have been previous spikes but allow them once the price has broken new ground... the tuning of x period in the market profile indi would be needed but easy enough to do with backtest. A suffiently large number would also = trade allowed if the price had spent a long time (or large volume) in the previous range of x period in the market profile.

2. using ADR to filter out entries if the price is near extreme level of ADR - entries near ADR 100% or above perhaps have a high likelyhood of reversal?

3. Filter out entries that occur within x pips of daily or weekly pivot points imported via dll data site - again to avoid entry close to likely reversal points

4. Filter out trades if RSI is above or below 70/30 @ period (input variable) also to tune via backtesting. long > 70 and short < 30 not allowed etc

Thats all i have for now, apologies if any of this has been tried before

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
has anyone cut and run yet with current order, i thought with brexit delay being announced would of improved confidence and kick off a buying rally.

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
Nice points, Let's explore a bit more on resistance levels.

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
I'm still in the trade even though it seems the price is coming after my stop loss!

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
I'm not liking the look of GU currently, too much range and indecisiveness in the market but more bearish than bullish.

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
Pawel version was always taken SL yesterday but saved with few pips only.

For now M1, M5,M15,M30 are downtrend but h1, h4, daily trend is upward

If this trade survive by London opening, this particular trade will enter GREEN zone.

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
Weeks back one BUY trade was entered end of BB resistance swing while GBP overall bearish, I had a bad feelings that friday so I closed it manually, that was obvious for those didn't close got hit SL.

Ultron is so good with winning percentage Pawel 58% - Paul 76%. Entry is good, trailing-sl is good but losing trade need to be taken care of by either tight SL or adr resistance/support level check. However, Ultron is still one of the best EA

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
The retrace exit has been triggered.  The trade will be closed for a loss if it manages to hit the 50 SMA.

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
HI Paul - im just curious about the above retrace exit. On my chart with my broker ICmarkets, the price was lowest just before asia open- just lower than it was before london open which is the next lowest spike. During asia session the price already touched 50SMA but it didnt exit  - i was surprised to see that it didnt exit as i figured it had triggered the retrace exit before asian open although i must admit i had not checked the exact price. Does you chart show a lower price before asia open or is there some other logic that ignores the price during the low liquidity period when considering the retrace trigger due to high spreads?

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
Damn - you're right.

Ignore my comment: the retrace exit has NOT been triggered because the first candle of the trade was in the direction of the trade.  The retrace exit is only enabled if the first candle goes against the trade.

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
Thanks Paul for this nice EA, I will give it a try...just one question, if MM selected in the settings it will override 0.1 lotsize in Fixed Lots?

Happy trading, jdva

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
Correct, the lot size entered is only valid if you select Fixed Lots.

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
Got stopped out at the retrace exit

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
GU has finally managed to break through the strong resistance level of 1.3121 on the fourth attempt. With this break we will finally see the bulls take over and the order go to profit.

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
That's obviously a false breakout. Ultron triggered another buy trade just at the same resistance level as the one that got stopped out by retrace exit. I guess I'm going to put a pause on Ultron till after the Brexit matter is over.

An Indecision candle forming at a key resistance level? The close of the next candle will tell the whole story. If it closes as a bearish candle, price is going back down. I see GBPUSD maintaining the 1.3030 to 1.3120 range for a while. I really do hope I'm now being too pessimistic

Just my 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
My retrace didnt get triggered. Did yours trigger to stop out.

Mine is still running.

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
Yep,.mine still running also,...doesnt hit the stop lose

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
Each trade, there is an upside and there is risk- which is SL.

Am very much mentally prepared to take the Risk- that means am not too worried, even if the trade hits SL. On Average, if i have more winners and less losers, am happy.

So on this, our EA has SL in case of bad trade, SL will protect our maximum loss.

Hope we get into positive pips

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
Please, can anyone explain me the meaning of Max Volume=25 under "Trigger Parameters"?

Many thanks, jdva

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
Yeah mine got stopped out at retrace exit as I had it at 83%. I guess that's the default.

Something is just off with the entries all happening around Resistance level for Buy and Support level for Sell. If the opposite was the case one would say it's trying to target reversals. But Ultron is designed to pick up on trend early and with GBPUSD just sitting within that range for weeks now I don't see any real success at all.

Could you run a backtest on the GBPJPY using PDV's latest version on the default please? GBPJPY despite facing almost identical volatility like the GBPUSD tend not to be moving sideways and the few trades I've had on the pair where successful (though taken out by 23 TSL they all later went to 100 TP). So if you could run the tests for the PDV's default and another without the TSL - i.e. 70 SL and 100 TP (maybe with multiple orders allowed) - that'd be great.

Thanks for your efforts as well.

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Will do and post. Do you think gbpjpy respects same ma50 for trend direction.

Pawel entry he uses ma50 as trend direction and distance to ma50 for entry. And uses ma9 to see how good the signal is.

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
Actually I've just been running PDV's version by default. Find attached the screenshot of the MA settings.

You can run the MA50 and MA53 separately so we know which is better. But kindly run it for at least January 2017 to date. A lot of EAs we've tested really messed up in 2017.

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
Man, another swing and a miss for that pesky resistance level. My trade is still open. At this point I'm just letting it ride I guess.

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
Big banks, they are evill,.lol..false breackout,.camming down to catch all the stop lose,..and next maybe will go up again,.if breack the last high,..

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
When a new candle opens, the volume is checked and if it is over the specified amount it won't take a trade.

You can test it with other values, but I haven't found a better value myself.

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
I'm not sure why you got stopped out, as I'm also running the defaults and my trade is still running.

The retrace exit is only enabled if the first candle after opening closes in the opposite direction.  With the current trade, the first candle closed long, as per the buy trade, so retrace exit should not have been triggered.

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
This GU PA really has me confused.

We finally broke the 1.3121 resistance level and pushed above the 200 EMA signaling a bullish trend and then it goes and reverses taking the order back into DD.

I'm not sure if its the MM playing games with is, or fundamental uncertainty about GBP, or USD strength, but I'm not liking it especially as I'm not fond of holding trades over the weekend.

I'll take the risk and see how next week fairs for GBP hopefully in our favor.

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
Well it did. Can't say why though as I just ran the default. The only change I think I made was on the breakeven pips. I'll post a screenshot of my settings when I'm at my PC.

I'm not sad about the loss but sad that GBPUSD is repeating the same pattern over and over again giving Ultron a hard time. My hypothesis is that a lot of traders are not trading the pair while the few who do are range traders, you know just buying and selling the 100pip range thereby not allowing a real trend breakout. Personally I'd stopped trading the pair manually since 2018.

I see better value in GBPJPY instead. I just hope I'm right.

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
Find attached screenshot of my settings.

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
i manually closed the position at BE, only to have it reopen again at a similar price just before it tanked again - luckily for me i saw it and closed top of spike then disabling the EA...

There is a fundamental problem here and that is the tendency to open buys into resistance and sells into support - if we could eliminate these entries by using some logic to determine prior support and resitance as i mentioned earlier this EA could get more profitable IMHO...

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
Just exactly the same position I was in though I left the new order open till we see what happens on Monday. Could do that 'cos I'm on demo  otherwise I'd have turned it off.

Also you echoed my sentiments on the entries

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
I think another thing we all forget sometimes it that market conditions over the past several month with all the Brexit chaos are surely not normal.  I don't expect a normal market to return until this is all sorted out and then even a bit beyond. We may actually be curve fitting to filter and optimize under this circumstances.  Eventually the big picture will again emerge.

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
Despite the conditions and this most recent move, the PDV_106 EA is still quite profitable. If you run a 99% accurate back test from the beginning of the year to today, it still performs well. So while things may be rough locally and losses still occur and the EA sometimes buys right into a resistance zone and vice versa, overall it still makes more than that it loses. I'm confident it will continue to do well this year, even tho I agree right now things are a bit abnormal for the good ole' cable.

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
i posted the backtest results earlier and agree its profitable - however that does not mean it cannot be made better. Its already improved significantly from where it all began - are we to stop here OR do we keep improving it? I for one, would be more than happy to put real money on the table for the development to continue...

Paul - are you personally coding logic into this EA or is someone else doing it for you?

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
3 backtests this year so far. Much better with fixed SL then with trailing. Two are with with Tickstory Lite backtest and one with original data from IC Markets without downloading 3th party data. I think original data is better accurate when I compare to real trades. Not many trades to compare but I've found one there on Tickstory is not right at all but IC Markets accurate.

Tickstory with trailing:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Tickstory with fixed SL 35 pips:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

IC Markets original data:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Tickstory backtest trade:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

IC markets original data backtest trade:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Real trade:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It would be interesting to see the same baktest as mine on TDS and if you can compare with your real trades.

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
I backtest with TDS at 99.9% - the last live trade i could model to compare live result with back test i have to do with different broker data due to no data available from ICmarkets. Instead i used alpari pro ECN data to back test. On the 4th april we had a sell using PDV105 - which i was using at the time before Paul released 106. The live result was 2 points better on the entry, and 7 points better on the exit. The live result was actually better in both entry and exit - most likely due to ICmarkets having lower spreads than Alpari. Either way - the modelling is less than 1 pip difference to the live trade, the live trade with ICmarkets more profitable. Thats all the data i have until more is available as i havnt been testing this EA for very long and the last 10 days historical data isnt available yet to compare the most recent trades.

Back test trade above chart, real trade in history below chart;

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
default PDV106 set file last 12 months @ 99.9% using TDS;

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
My point is most people use dukascopy  historical data as most reliably source when backtesting and that is clearly not the case when you compare with real trades on your broker. So backtesting in MT4 strategy tester with original data of your broker do just fine without the need to use TDS. That is just my opinion.

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
Hmmm...not sure about using broker data myself, especially with the poor quality and mismatched chart data - too many possible causes for errors for my liking.

However, the results using a smaller TP and no trailing stop are pretty impressive...

TP=35, TSL=23/2:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TP=35, TSL=0:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
Im using 35 tp and 70SL, no TS, in real account, the backtest with this parameters since Jan2018 to today with a 100usd account is very impressive, more than 40k of profit.

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
Can you compare backtest's trades with real trades on your account if they match?

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
I am making all of the coding changes myself.

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
Unfortunately not as I haven't been running that long.  Maybe somebody else who has been running since the beginning of the year could compare and let us know?

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
It's enough for you that one doesn't match (of those you have) that backtest with ducascopy data if you're running on IC Markets is not valid. Check last couple of trades if they match.

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
Many thanks Paul for your valuable BTs...! They do confirm my reservations about trailing stops in general.

Please may you tell me more about the logic/idea behind the Max Volume=25 trigger parameter at the beginning of a new candle.

Thx, jdva

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
You're right: in the backtest with TDS, there are two trades on the 10th April, but in reality there was only one.

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
Is it with same setting backtest as you run on real account? Try now with same setting on other MT4 platform with just original data and compare if you get same trades.

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
I don't get any trades on the 10th, even though there was one...

Either way, that set of parameters looks pretty stellar!

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
Just closed out the move that opened last week for -6. Not bad considering the swings it went through the past few days. I might wait for the price to move out of this current range before firing up the EA again.

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
TP = 35, TSL = 0 - this option is really interesting! Which is rather unexpected)

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
Very interesting and positive results using SL 70, TP 35 and no TS!

I never thought of trying an inverted TP & SL with this EA and it actually gives better results based on previous data.

Great work guys!

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
Evening All, ive just started a small account using the latest EA with the TS disabled and the 70 35 settings will let you know how it goes.

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
I've found that setting the break-even pips to 23 but keeping the static TP of 35 gets the best of both worlds. You get the safety of a break-even as long as you hit +23 and you get the higher performing results of keeping the TP fixed at 35 (which does yield a remarkable boost in profits).

[SEE POST #1947]

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
Who's still holding the buy order from 10/4?

Its not looking so good with GBP data and another thing I was looking at is the negative swaps being incurred on this trade. I'm not sure if its just my broker but the negative swaps are building up each day.

I'm still hoping for GBP to strengthen but after today's data I'm not sure.

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
am still holding. and it is closely inching towards my SL.

But anyway let it ride.

ok.. SL hit. so.. rest in peace

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
mine went hit SL but ready for the next order hopefully a nice winning one.

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
How could you find better results with break-even 23 pips? I get much better result with just SL 35. Can you post your backtesting?

With SL 35 and break-even 23:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With SL 35:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
BE at 23:  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BE of 0:  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

These aren't at 99.9%, which I know makes a huge difference. This is just what I found quickly last night well messing around with the settings. The difference in profit isn't that large, nor is the difference in win rate. So I thought: Having the safety of the BE at 23 is nice and it doesn't seem to affect profit that much. That's why I said what I said. Note: My broker is only 1:50 so it doesn't ramp up as quickly, I use 6-21 for the time range, and my risk factor is 9% instead of 10%. I should have put more time into the test before making my statement. As tests done with 99.9% accurate tick data reveal removing the BE and keeping the TP at 35 yield the best result, I will likely ditch the BE safety.

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
Again open trade right at support level.

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
It seems to keep doing that, or the opposite. I turned the EA off until the price moves out of this current range.

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
Did it open a buy or sell?

My buy order is still active and hoping to see it come back.

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Yes, sell at 1.30483.

Feel sorry for you. lol

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
If the range holds like it has been it very well could. Last time it tested the resistance I closed my order for only a small loss.

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
guys - if you keep messing with the orders and changing things you will not reproduce the profitable edge that the back testing shows. You have to let the trades run to completion and accept the losses when they occur - you dont know which trades will end in profit and which fail - nobody can know, nobody ever knows when they place any forex trade...

As to the current short position - yes it looks like it opens at support again. However this support could also break lower and if it does we will have a profitable trade. My position is in DD and still running...

I also back tested at 99.9% alpari pro ECN data in TDS last 12 months the different settings with TP =  35 and SL = 70. Both with and without trailing stop, and breakeven pips settings etc. None of them produced more profitble result that PDV106 default setting. Some were close - but still none were better over the last year.

For those of you backtesting over a short period of time or with the std data in Mt4 without TDS - your simply wasting your time. You will not accurately model what the EA would have done. The biggest problem is the lack of variable spread in the back test. So when liquidity drops during NY to Asia time - the spreads can get huge and your back test will think it can close an order at a price that is not realistic when the spread is factored. This can skew your results significantly and make them look far different to what it really should have been...

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
Havent had an order with PDV106 yet,will keep my eyes on see if any reason why.

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
Hello cdsaa,

Just following up here. Please any luck with the GBPJPy test results?

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
It wasn't great. Not worth posting. But will test again this weekend

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
Well said. I haven't been at this for very long and didn't realize the uselessness of running short non-99.9% accurate tests. I saw big numbers and tried to make them bigger. Thank you for keeping me more humble about the EA. Default settings it is. Green pips for all.

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
It's so crazy it just might work

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
Hi Paul -- unfortunately I don't yet seem to have PM privileges. The two enhancements of yours that intrigued me most are (1) adapting Ultron to pairs other than GBPUSD and (2) incorporating the newstime feature. I am presently unable to get newstime/FFC to work, either with your PDV106v version or in my own robot using the FFC.EX4.

This is the error (basically not able to locate the news xml on forexfactory):
"FFC GBPUSD,H1: FFC Failed to open FFC-ffcal_week_this.xml file, Error Code =5004"

Curious if you or others are running into this?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
Change Calendar path

FROM:::::  https://www.forexfactory.com/ffcal_week_this.xml

TO:::::: https://cdn-nfs.faireconomy.media/ff...r_thisweek.xml

Also allow DLL where you check TRADE LIVE.

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
1) All parameters that drive the entries are exposed as parameters, so there's no need to amend the code - you simply change the parameters.

2) I don't use the news filter myself, so hadn't seen this error.  Thanks to @fareed51, I've attached an amended version.

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
Our short position has now triggered the trailing stop using default PDV106 set. So this current short is going to end in profit - how much we dont know yet - but the TS is well below the entry price already. Unfortunately it will hit TS if retail sales print green later... temping to close early!

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
My 35 pips are home.

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
Yep...you was right, maybe TS too close!?

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
What settings are you using?

I'm using the defaults and didn't get a short trade as my long was still running.

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
I guess some of them killed the long trade early that's why they got the short. I allowed my long to run till it hit SL so missed the short. I'm on the defaults as well.

EDIT: Actually, I think I may have turned off Ultron after the last SL waiting for that range GBPUSD has been sitting in for a while to be cleared. I'll probably turn it on any time soon.

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
My last trade closed on BE on last Friday and I was manually moved SL to BE. Now I use TP 35 pips without TSL.

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
Now a short started at 1.30100

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
Yep pdv106 has kicked in a short for me too, lets see this baby nail it.

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
I got the "late" sell order because I had the EA off since yesterday. My order opened at 1.30192, triggered TS then closed for a pip because the price reversed a bit. Wins a win.

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
One thing I learnt these last cpl of weeks was to just leave the EA alone to do its job, and trust in the strategy.

Manually intervening with some of the orders has backfired and I incurred a bigger loss than I should have. By increasing the SL "hoping" that GU will turn up meant incurring a larger loss when the extended SL was hit early this morning while I was still sleeping. If I had left the original SL intact I would have taken a smaller loss.

Another thing that had me too involved was the lot size of the trade. My risk % was set too high so the order was carrying an unnecessary high risk. Yeah it would be a good thing if the trade would have hit TP, but not so good when it hits SL.

I've now lowered the risk %, so form now on smaller orders but a lot safer. It might take longer to make those nice high profits we had in the back tests but at least I won't feel nervous about any orders.

Just gotta remind myself that forex is a journey not a race.

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
last line said it all

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
Hello Paul,

Just want to find out if the Breakeven enabled could have been the reason the trade I complained about closed earlier despite using the PDV defaults

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
Yes, that would have moved the SL to 20 pips when the trade was 23 pips in profit, so there being only 2 pips margin, it's likely that the trade would then close shortly after.

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
Pdv 105 opened three trades. I close them in profit manual as lite 3 opens in a better level and is still open with TS auto moved. So cant lose and think should close it. Havent had a loss yet on this. Not sure why the OP didnt open a sell too.

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
Can you show this trade expanded so we can see the open date and time?

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
Depending on when people start and stop the EA and with what settings they are running - this explains the differing trades people have as only 1 open position prevents it front taking the next opportunity to trade...

Getting to know how the EA works and where its opening orders - i think its a good thing for the most part. Like i said earlier tho - it would be nice to filter out strong support/resistance zones somehow - and only allow it to open positions once it has broken those price levels. So some logic which defines these recent levels - say any strong spikes within the previous 10 trading days for example - those levels could be identified and referenced by the EA and if price is approaching within say 20 pips of those levels it could reject the trade. If the price breaks that level by 10 pips or more - then allow the trade one again if conditions are still met.

Paul - do you think some kind of logic like this is worth looking into? How to define those levels could be brainstormed here as a next step before attempting to add any code?

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
Oops! Didn't know that's how the breakeven works. I wouldn't have used it in the first place. Sticking with trailing stop for now.

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
Could we consider using the RSI then?

The last 2 buys which ended in a loss opened at RSI 70 and above which indicates Ultron was buying at overbought level (no surprise there as those were major resistance zones). At such levels one should expect a reversal - at least in the short term even if the trend eventually continues upwards.

So we could say only Buy when RSI is 65 or lower (or 50 to 65) and only Sell when RSI is 35 or higher (or 50 to 35) after all other conditions have been met.

At least at 65 we know there's still a little room at the top so buyers can still push price higher so if they tend to be a reversal around the 70 RSI then the TS should protect the trade as such move from 65 to 70 should produce about 23 pips or more. However, if price moves over the 70 and a bit higher we just might get to as much as about 70pips. The Buy order of April 2, 2019 at 1.3098 illustrates that with price reaching about 80pips before the reversal, though that was even a key resistance level. Same logic applies to the 35 level for Sell trades. For sell instance see the Sell order of March 28, 2019 at 1.3151; also that was opened at a key support level.

Just my own brain'storming'

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
does this EA work for other forex pairs and cryptos or will i need a separate one ?

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
My sell order just closed at a small loss could of closed for an ok profit so should of been on the ball really

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
I've already tried adding in RSI and Stochastics, but they absolutely ruined the results.  The problem is that you end up throwing away more winning trades than losing trades.

The thing about this EA and its entry method is that it will almost always be trading into an overbought/oversold position, because it's following a trend and jumping in once the trend has already been established, which usually means getting in at the height of the move.  It then waits out the inevitable pull back in the hope of a continuation.

I've even looked at bollinger bands, but again, it trades into positions where conventional wisdom says you avoid when trading bollinger bands.

I'm happy to entertain any other ideas that people have though.

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
Paul, thanks again for the EA. It's a winner for sure.

I've been backtesting it with TDS and with the current defaults, the EA struggled in 2016 and 2017 but did very well in 2018 and early 2019. Perhaps the Brexit market conditions have created the perfect conditions for the EA's default settings.  Not quite sure.  But there is a good chance the excellent market conditions of these last 12 months won't last.  I'm not trying to be a downer, but it's something we need to be looking for.

As you know, I've been testing quite a bit using the progressive factors and had some amazing success, even in 2016 and 2017.   As I said, it's a winner for sure.  I'm starting live trading next week.   I'll work on firming up my final settings and post the results on Monday.  Hope it might be of some help.

Cheers, my friend.

Chad

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
Hi Paul, i made these suggestions earlier in the thread but perhaps you missed them? Some ideas are;

1. using a market profile indicator like TPO or similar (i can attach it if your not familiar with it) for x period of time prior to the current time, to filter out entries where the price is approaching a price where the price has spent a very brief amount of time (prior spikes can be measured by volume and period comparison) in the previous x period of time (lookback time). Once this value = zero in the lookback period, then the price has obviously broken out of the current range where it has not spent any time (above or below spikes during previous x period) and then entry is allowed. This is logic is designed to filter out entries where there have been previous spike tops/bottoms but allow them once the price has broken new ground above or below this support/resistance. The challenge is to define an appropriate lookback period which is not too long, so that not too many entries are filtered out.

2. Another idea is using ADR (average daily range to filter out entries if the price is near 100% level of ADR - entries near ADR 100% perhaps have a high likelyhood of reversal. Again once the price breaks well above 100% ADR - the trade should be allowed again as strong trends begin with smashing through 100% ADR and often continue on to 200% or more...

3. Not sure how difficult it would be - but perhaps as a start we could even manually define levels which prevent a buy or sell opening within x pips of the manually defined price - simply consult the chart and look left at the previous spikes and define a level based on what can be seen by the user. Again once the price breaks well through that level - then allow the trade once again... Cannot be back tested is a problem with this tho...

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
Hello,

Been attempting to backtest the EA with an XM micro account, using the settings from the above post.

Problem is I can't seem to get anywhere near the same results ?

By chance has anyone made up any sets for this EA (in case I'm entering the parameters wrong) or any idea why my results would be so different ?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
I have leverage 1:500

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
Yet another indicator which may prove useful for filtering entries is average true range... provided the ATR is sufficiently high - this should indicate there is more momentum behind the move and more likely to continue rather than retrace in a ranging market... using a max and min ATR value is often used in many other EAs ive seen.

just throwing ideas out there...

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
Do you have any EA for short term...

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
Omg all three.. Op, lite3, pdv opened.

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
I got 3 buys.3 SL, and 2 tp

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
The real issue with applying filter after filter is that even if the filters remove the losses you are using them for, they will also remove wins - there's an averaging out effect which is almost impossible to get around.

The upshot is that, while you may smooth out the equity curve, you will almost certainly reduce the profitability of the EA itself.

I've also tried ATR to avoid trades where there's less 'room' in the day's movement than has been the average for the past few days, but that too has resulted in a massive reduction in profitability.

Personally, I'm coming to the conclusion that we've take this EA as far as we can, and have to accept the losses that it incurs as being part of the overall strategy.

I will continue to 'tinker' in the background with small changes such as different trailing stop strategies and variable targets, etc., and will post something new if I find something that seems to make a notable difference.

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
Try amending MA Period 3 from 50 to 48 (and, if you use the Retrace Exit, the Retrace Exit MA from 50 to 48).

You should see an improvement of roughly 10% in profitability.

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
Buy order closed in a quick loss. -70pips.

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
Same for me, -70  with Ultron PDV 1.06

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
I think "we" just might be approaching this EA the wrong way. This EA is designed to catch the start of a trend for the GBPUSD which means in a sideways or erratic market with very unusual volatility it will fail - No offence here. Of course we all know the state of the GBPUSD presently.

Now, what if instead of trying to modify the EA we turn to a pair with similar behaviour as the GBPUSD only this time this correlated pair isn't affected by the level of volatility GBPUSD is facing. I wrote about the GBPJPY and heard it did poorly in backtest. Honestly, while I don't undermine the necessity of backtest, like someone said: we are meant to trade the futures not history. Backtesting gives you a clue of a strategy's performance but forward testing tells you if it works in the present market conditions, as we know that the market is dynamic and changes very often.

That said, I've been demo testing quite a number of correlated pairs to the GBPUSD and have found the GBPJPY, EURUSD, GBPAUD doing what GBPUSD was designed to do - I mean doing great. I've looked at how the trades are opened in line with price action and the logic is sound. I'm yet to have a losing trade on those pairs and between them I've had about 8 trades (started testing from March 20, 2019). I have them set for 40 or 50pips TP1 and 80 or 100pips TP2 - depending on the pair - using another EA called Trade Manager to manage the TP levels. Presently I still have a EURUSD trade that just got to TP1 so I'm on a risk free ride at the moment and a GBPJPY that has hit TP2.

What I'm trying to say here in a nutshell is that we shouldn't try to force Ultron to adapt to every market changes as it won't. It's a robot not a human. But we can identify market price action and then decide whether to use Ultron with a different pair from what it's designed for or turn it off completely until the market corrects itself again. Personally I plan on studying the EA more and then utilize some price action skill to know when to turn it on or off and which pair to use it with when I do turn it on but those pairs have to be correlated with the GBPUSD since it's the pair the author designed it with. He definitely had quite a bunch in his mind when he opted for GBPUSD for the strategy and I have to respect that. I've had Ultron turned off for the GBPUSD after my last loss on the 12th of April wherein I did a lil rant on the forum - my apologies if I offended a few. So I guess I was lucky to avoid the recent loss(es).

So think on it people. It's just my 2 cents here.

More Greens

EDIT: The simple way to know that Ultron isn't doing great with GBPUSD is seeing it open Buys at Resistance and Sells at Support and that the pair is swinging up and down in a sideways move. Yes a few breakouts - both real and false - but it then returns to the same range again repeating the same pattern; a real red flag if you ask me.

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
I was haunted by the option of TP 35)
In the version ULTRON_LITE_3.7 now there are two options for trailing stop.
In the default settings, the first option works, to which we are all accustomed.
The second option "Tralling_from_Profit" works differently: the trailing works after the price reaches the TP level.
If "Tralling_from_Profit" is TRUE, then set Trailing Stop 4, Trailing Step 2. TP 35
The picture is a rough test of this option. Work time I used 10 and 23 (GMT+3 broker)
You can change at your convenience.
If someone can test this option with a simulation quality of 99.9%, then it will be more clear if this makes sense or not.
P.S.
I used 1:300 leverage. It is interesting to look at the result with a leverage of 1:500
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   ULTRON_LITE_3.7.ex4

51 KB
|
725 downloads

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
Hello guys,

Is very weird to see a lot of different results. I'm using ultron101 in a real account and I got 2 TPs.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
Here's the same setup using 99.9% quality tick data on 1:500 leverage:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There seems to be an issue with the lot sizing though: from order 105 onwards, no further orders are being submitted due to error 131, which is "Invalid trade volume".  This usually means that the volume exceeds the maximum allowed for a single trade by the broker (200 lots in my case).  If this is fixed, then the EA should go on to return even greater profits.

This is the same data, only using TP=35 and the normal TSL=23/2:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
I take it that the last trade was the one opened on the 18th, yes?

It would look like you're using a TP of 35 and no trailing stop (Ultron OP doesn't have a trailing stop).  This is what has helped in both these trades.  Those of us using a trailing stop have been taken out for a small profit and then entered into a losing trade, so you have been most fortunate.  Nice one!

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
Yes, I'm using TP 35 and SL 69, no trailing stop.  In the Backtest I got a great result with this settings so hope to get the same results in real life

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
Hey Guys,

Just a follow up to my previous post.  Here's the results running PDV 1.06 from Jan 1, 2016 - March, 31st 2019.   As you can see, late 2018 was a great time from the EA, but otherwise, it did struggle.   The test is with a starting amount of 5k and default settings.  After a little over 3 years, it gives a 230% return, but it takes quite a bit of time to get there and have some massive drawdowns.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After quite a bit of testing, I think I found a strategy that has a good return.  It doesn't have a stop loss, and it leverages the 4 to 1 win ratio with the progressive factors, but it has quite a bit of promise.    It actually maxes out the lot sizes around Oct of 2018 so it doesn't show it full potential.  You can't tell from the screenshot but the 2016 return is 150%, 2017 a 440% return, and 2018 a crazy 4700% return.   Of course, in a real-world situation, you would be taking profits long before it maxed.  The key here is to let each trade ride.

This strategy won't be to everyone's liking, but hopefully, it might be helpful to some.

Chad

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
PaulDV,

Couple of questions

1. See the snapshot for some strange reason it looks to have required the 1031 EA as it said it cannot open the file seems it wasnt there as I have your 106 version on there, I have fixed the FXSSI issue as I have added that to the platform

2. It seems that I can only test with open prices as nothing happens with every tick back test, is there something i am supposed to have as a setting in the BT to test via ticks and not open prices?

Great work

Greg

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
The result is interesting but in the second graph, there is a stop loss of 100 pips.

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
Thanks, Paul In principle, the schedule was not bad. Embarrassing drawdown. But you can reduce the "Risk Ratio", for example, to 5. Yes, this will reduce profits, but should also reduce the drawdown.

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
good day all, ive just gone a bit ballsy and put a range of Ultron EA's on multiple GU charts on a live account to see which one has the most winning trades with it and I will update all on progress, its only a small account and I can live with losses in an attempt to fine tune with the community's help, this is a fine bit of work and all contributions have been brilliant, now if I'm right in  thinking if I change each magic number by one digit the Ea's should be fine managing there corresponding orders?

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
Are you using one of the templates I supplied?  I think I may have forgotten to update the template to use version 1.06.  You can fix this by loading the chart as you want and then saving it all to a new template and overwrite the one I supplied.  I'll try and remember to update the template the next time I upload a change.

Are you using the default strategy tester in MT4 and not Tick Data Suite?  This is the most likely cause and is probably due to you not having tick data from your broker in the history files.  There is a way to fix this, but I can't recall off the top of my head, so I would recommend searching on YouTube on how to download history data.

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
Yes, you will need to ensure that all of the magic numbers are unique - I think they already are by default, but it's worth a check.

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
I didn't change the magic numbers from the default but the EA manages the orders perfectly

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
Cheers Paul,

There was a templater ther ebut it looked like an old one, will set up a newby...

As for Strat Tester I have my data from Tick Story, not sure if that is the cause but it shouldnt be

Cheers

Greg

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
I think this Brexit and events are playing spoilsport here.

We have to reevaluate our settings after this mayhem is finished. Support and resistance and breaking of levels has been playing big role this month.

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
New sell order opened at 1.29220, again looks like its selling the bottom.

Yesterday it bought at the top and hit SL in a few hrs, lets hope this doesn't go the same way...

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
Sell order opened for me too at 1.29212. PDV_106. With the flag formation broken on the D1, downward momentum is likely, so it's not the worst move. Let's see what happens.

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
I got an order on my demo account, which closed for 11 pips profit.

No order on my live account...because I had the broker offset set wrong!!

Ah well.

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
Same in my demo account, wit Ultron Lite 3.7 , sell from 1.19222 to 1.28220, default settings...

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
Sorry, ICMarkets demo account, sell from 1.29222 to 1.28220, default settings...

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
Looks like the price touched the TP at 35 then pulled back. Not sure why the order didn't close. Would have been nice rebound after the last trade. Oh well.  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
Missed TP by 5 points literally.

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
So aggravating lol I'm still hopeful it'll hit it. Just would have been nice to lock it in.

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
Thanks, Feex

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
The charts track the Bid price, but as this was a SELL order then it's the Ask price that needs to hit the TP - so it would have been spread that kept this from closing.

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
Another TP!!

Great EA!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
huh i didnt get an order on any of the Ea's running, bit strange what time did it place as mine might of been out of trading hours

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
Good shorting position opened recently - i couldnt help but close it for a heft profit  looks like its about to open another beginning of next hour unless the candle changes too much  little in the way of resistance for quite a way below from here

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
A trade was opened at 20:00 yesterday (19:00 GMT).

The EAs are designed to trade during the London and New York sessions.  I would suggest that you check your broker's GMT offset and amend the trading times accordingly.

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
Just confirming: TP @ +35 hit!

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
guys skinte adviser ULTRON LITE 3.7.ex4 on email { email address deleted by staff }, I can not download antevirus, does not allow and does not turn off

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
more tests with different settings

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
ULTRON_LITE_3.7m - Error 131 should not be present in this version.

I remind you: in this version you can use 2 types of trailing stop
The first in the default settings
The second works from TP:
Install TP for example 35
Tralling_from_Profit = TRUE,
TrailingStop = 4,
TrailingStep = 2.
Attached File(s)   ULTRON_LITE_3.7m.ex4

51 KB
|
1,784 downloads

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
New buy order opened at 1.29342.

This one looks good as my own analysis shows GBP turning bullish.

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
Agree

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
just closed all orders out for small profit got a feeling GU is turning bearish again.

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
Yeah 3 buys opened but bit scared as got burnt the last time. Just in profit now.

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
open 3 orders for 3 pairs

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
Did you test the Ultron on other trading pairs except GBPUSD?

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
[quote = Farmazetron; 12244320] {quote} Вы тестировали Ultron на других торговых парах, кроме GBPUSD? [/ quote]

I'm testing on 8 pairs on a real account

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
Can you post your settings please?

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
Hello in the group someone who develops in mq5 ?, I have an indicator that I use that has a big hit in M15. Someone available to develop an EA. If this is not the right location, call inbox

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
Orders opened on a buy, looking good at the mo although H1 might be starting to turn.

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
You must have missed the initial buy from a couple days ago... i just closed it manually for 50 pips TP. It may keep going - probably will in fact, but were heading into a data heavy USD period so i took the money and run on this upswing

--- 帖子 #2029 ---
my open orders[attach]Screenshot_635

--- 帖子 #2030 ---
looking good on the additional pairs, have you made any changes to the default settings on pdv104 for other pairs? im going to add more pairs on live account this week been trying different settings but need to see on live account how it runs.

--- 帖子 #2031 ---
Hello guys, I got a question, when you are already using ULTRON_PDV_105 on live for a while, do you immediately switch it to ULTRON_PDV_106 because it's a newer version?

Another question, what is our criteria for order entry on Ultron?

--- 帖子 #2032 ---
All three good for this buys. Made up some of the loss on the last one.

--- 帖子 #2033 ---
It is not taking any trade and show error message below.

Anyone can help me??

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2034 ---
The 0.1 lots the op and already hit its TP. So lite 3 and pdv still open with SL trailed so can lose. Be nice if TP is hit. (the 0.01 lots are a breakout ea and liking the settings on it now) anyway.

--- 帖子 #2035 ---
Come on you can do it.. Ps what the hecks happened... Bexit cancelled?

--- 帖子 #2036 ---
0.11 lots lite 0.12 is pdv. Should I TP myself lol

--- 帖子 #2037 ---
its close to TP = 100 now anyway... your only leaving a few pips on the table if you take it now

--- 帖子 #2038 ---
Its been a good day for Ultron.

TP hit on the buy order from last week and today's buy order also hit a fast TP, a nice little recovery from the previous losers.

--- 帖子 #2039 ---
Pdv just hit it TP. Lite 3 is still open with SL set. Might just close it too manual now. So made up the loss on the last three.

--- 帖子 #2040 ---
[quote = Emerald2112; 12246436] Давай, ты можешь это сделать .. Ps, что, черт возьми, случилось ... Bexit отменили? {} Изображение [/ цитата]

what settings for pair (jpy) are using

--- 帖子 #2041 ---
[quote = kola16; 12247196] [quote = Emerald2112; 12246436] Давай, ты можешь это сделать .. Ps, что, черт возьми, случилось ... Бексит отменили? {} Изображение [/ цитата] какие настройки для пары (jpy) используют [/ quote]

--- 帖子 #2042 ---
Aww lite3 just stopped out after the retrace on the spike after the fed. Still the best profit of the three though though. That's cause I set the TP on pdv.

--- 帖子 #2043 ---
I'm only using it on GU. The jpy are a different EA

--- 帖子 #2044 ---
buy order just kicked in then went into a heavy sell not sure on this one.

--- 帖子 #2045 ---
[quote = dgeorge35; 12250193] ордер на покупку только что сработал, затем пошел на продажу, не уверенный в этом.

another adviser you use if not secret

--- 帖子 #2046 ---
did noone else get a buy order? my broker is bdswiss

--- 帖子 #2047 ---
yes - this one is risky due to BoE and other data coming... its a risk and we proabably should have disabled the EA prior to this news. We might get lucky, but if carney is dovish we are hitting SL for sure... might look at expanding the news filter settings for things like this!

--- 帖子 #2048 ---
It seems that it bought at the top again and its not looking good. The dollar strength is also not helping the pair after the GBP news.

--- 帖子 #2049 ---
Can we have the code file.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #2050 ---
stopped out for -70pips

Looks like we will get a short next candle if the price stays close to where its at...hmmm to disable or not to disable prior to US data later... pondering the possibilities...

--- 帖子 #2051 ---
Who can do ULTRON_LITE_3.7m (GBPUSD, H1) tests with a quality of 99.9% (90%) with the following settings:
TEST 1 - 2018.01.01 - today
TP=35
SL=70
OpenHour=10 (for GMT+3)
CloseHour=23 (for GMT+3)
Trailing=true
Tralling_from_Profit=true
Risk Ratio=10
TrailingStop=4
TrailingStep=2
-----------------
TEST 2 - 2018.01.01 - today
TP=35
SL=75
OpenHour=10 (for GMT+3)
CloseHour=23 (for GMT+3)
Trailing=true
Tralling_from_Profit=true
Risk Ratio=10
TrailingStop=4
TrailingStep=2
-----------------
TEST 3 - 2018.01.01 - today
TP=100
SL=70
OpenHour=10 (for GMT+3)
CloseHour=23 (for GMT+3)
Trailing=true
Tralling_from_Profit=false
Risk Ratio=10
TrailingStop=23
TrailingStep=2
-----------------

Be sure to write down what leverage was used and the name of the broker. Thanks in advance.

P.S. If it's not difficult for you, do the same tests with RiskRatio = 8
(It would be very interesting to look at the test with the broker ICMarkets 1: 500)

--- 帖子 #2052 ---
Feex, result for you! Roboforex Pro

--- 帖子 #2053 ---
Hello, can you share your settings for this one?

--- 帖子 #2054 ---
You confused TP and SL)

--- 帖子 #2055 ---
Yup was correct on this one.

With these recent losses its difficult to see how the back tests were performing so well making 1000's of $$$.

I'm really hoping that this is just a temporary moment and Ultron will kick back to action like before.

--- 帖子 #2056 ---
Me too and pdv stopped out for a loss. Must had a lower SL for lite 3 as Heck... What happened again lol. GU is crazy lol. Nice end to the week anyways. Think I'll stop out manual now.

--- 帖子 #2057 ---
Hi emerald,

Which pvd and preset are you using? Because I'm not getting this trade that you got.

Regards,

Miner

--- 帖子 #2058 ---
test3 -

2019.05.03 18:35:55.031 2018.02.07 12:00:11  ULTRON_LITE_3.7m GBPUSD,H1: OrderSend error 131

--- 帖子 #2059 ---
pretty good tests

--- 帖子 #2060 ---
What leverage was used when testing?
And can you learn more about error 131? You can in private messages.

--- 帖子 #2061 ---
I've been thinking of that... in fact this is my 3rd week running it to 28pairs + xAuusd.

Ultron is profitable but there are some Resistance entries.

for example: 5 winning trades TP of 2pips, 10pips, 30pips, 13pips, 5pips but 1 losing trade 70pips eats up all profit at once...

we can minimize losing trades by controling S&R entries...

It's purely up to FEEX and Paul to insert this feature in their next version. However, someone should step up and explain/brief S&R and help them with best indicator .mq4 file.

--- 帖子 #2062 ---
for starters, we need to deal with one pair of GBPUSD) 28 pairs is too much to understand) I think so ..

--- 帖子 #2063 ---
Been testing the setting I posted in earlier on a 5k demo account.   Last 6 trades hit TP and I'm up 5,200 in profit.  See below.  Love this EA.  Thanks again, Paul.

--- 帖子 #2064 ---
A bit of manual intervention sometimes is needed - i stopped the ea after the first loss as it looked like the market was being pumped or pushed just prior to the us data beijg released. then of course it swings back the other way... if you set the news filter with wider time settings you would have avoided this latest loss...my 2c

--- 帖子 #2065 ---
I can see 3 posts in this thread but none of them contain what settings your running if different from pdv or lite... care to share?

--- 帖子 #2066 ---
Yup agreed

--- 帖子 #2067 ---
Roboforex  - ECN - 1:300

--- 帖子 #2068 ---
Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #2069 ---
TEST 2 - 2018.01.01 - today
TP=35
SL=75
OpenHour=10 (for GMT+3)
CloseHour=23 (for GMT+3)
Trailing=true
Tralling_from_Profit=true
Risk Ratio=8
TrailingStop=4
TrailingStep=2
-----------------

Optimization result.

--- 帖子 #2070 ---
Excellent results. Which version of Ultron is this?

I couldn't find your settings in the earlier posts. Can you share them again please.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2071 ---
Could you please save the result as CSV file? Just select copy all and open Notepad and past to notepad because the result has more detail setting.

--- 帖子 #2072 ---
Attached File(s)   Opt report.csv

53 KB
|
409 downloads

--- 帖子 #2073 ---
Why is the back testing so slow with Ultron lite 3.7? i cant back test it easily as it takes about 30 mins per run for only 12 months!

Can this be improved somehow?

--- 帖子 #2074 ---
Turn off "displayinfo"

--- 帖子 #2075 ---
Thankyou!

--- 帖子 #2076 ---
Hi Farmezetron- i get more profit with same settings and TP incresed to 38 pips. If you increase more than 38 pips- profit starts to reduce again...

--- 帖子 #2077 ---
Good Result

--- 帖子 #2078 ---
i think i have a sell order on these settings with ultron lite3.7m - but im unsure why as all the MA are close to centered around the SMA50? anyone else have a sell position opened?

--- 帖子 #2079 ---
mine has opened a sell order, hope this comes in.

--- 帖子 #2080 ---
Hi Feex - what are the entry parameters for ultron lite3.7m?  Looks to be quite different from PDV criteria...

--- 帖子 #2081 ---
the same. The difference may be in the time settings, for example.

--- 帖子 #2082 ---
Looks like we have a great trade to TP - profit locked in now trailing stop doing its thing...

--- 帖子 #2083 ---
looking good i must say!!

--- 帖子 #2084 ---
Quick and fast TP, just the way I like it.

--- 帖子 #2085 ---
anyone had a sell order placed? mines just gone on

--- 帖子 #2086 ---
yep another... and already TP in no time at all

--- 帖子 #2087 ---
yea mines trailing towards nice profit again, getting tempted to run 3.7m on other pairs see how it goes

--- 帖子 #2088 ---
Lire3 and OP from a day ago closed for profit. Pdv didn't open then but has now and SL already trailed for profit. Hope it goes to TP set though. Ultrons good for saving your account after a messed up trade on another EA lol

--- 帖子 #2089 ---
ULTRON_PDV_106.ex4 Can this EA source code be sent out? Thank you

--- 帖子 #2090 ---
Ultron made another good profit today...

--- 帖子 #2091 ---
This EA does not support Gold GBPJPY USDJPY Does it only support five decimal point currency pairs?

--- 帖子 #2092 ---
LITE version is for GBPUSD. three-digit does not support

--- 帖子 #2093 ---
Ultron_PDV 106 opened sell 1.30419. Doing good so far, 48 pips up

--- 帖子 #2094 ---
Ultron_lite3.7m TP35 with trailing from profit ExponentialFactorDecrease 0.9:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ultron_lite3.7m TP35 with trailing from profit ExponentialFactorDecrease 1:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ultron_lite_PDV_106 TP35 without trailing ( can't change exponential factor):
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Very interesting.

--- 帖子 #2095 ---
You can do the same test (same period) with these settings:
TP=38
SL=70
OpenHour=10
CloseHour=23
Trailing=true
Tralling_from_Profit=true
Risk Ratio=10
TrailingStop=4
TrailingStep=2
ExponentialFactorDecrease=0.5

and
TP=38
SL=70
OpenHour=8
CloseHour=23
Trailing=true
Tralling_from_Profit=true
Risk Ratio=10
TrailingStop=4
TrailingStep=2
ExponentialFactorDecrease=0.5

--- 帖子 #2096 ---
What is the settings pls? You said you did'nt use stop loss but we find 100pips stop loss!

--- 帖子 #2097 ---
Settings are here:
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...8#post12236208

He meant no trailing stop loss.

--- 帖子 #2098 ---
Many thanx pauI

--- 帖子 #2099 ---
what version u use?

--- 帖子 #2100 ---
Hi Feex.

There isn't any difference between 0.5 and 1 factor decrease. But it's much better profit with TP35 then TP38.

TP38 time 10-23 factor decrease 1:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TP38 time 8-23 factor decrease 1:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TP38 time 8-23 factor decrease 0.5:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TP35 time 8-23 factor decrease 1:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2101 ---
Pls share the EA and Set File -- >> Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #2102 ---
Thank you very much for your tests. I was interested to see the difference between TP35 and TP38, as well as starting time 8 and 10. I noticed a strange thing: ICMarkets shows the best results from TP35 and start time 8, while ROBOFOREX shows the best results from TP38 and start time 10. If I understand correctly, both brokers work as GMT + 3. The difference in leverage - ICMarkets 1: 500, ROBOFOREX 1: 300.

And I cannot understand why TP35 is better on one broker, TP38 on another is better. Starting time is 8 on one better, on the other 10 better ....

As for reducing the ratio - I noticed that there is no difference between 1 and 0.5, I just wanted to make sure that it does not depend on the broker. With a decrease in the coefficient of 0.8 and 0.7, my results were worse than even with a factor of 0.9

--- 帖子 #2103 ---
I don't know, but maybe because I am using Ducascopy data and not IC Markets. Bit still I was downloaded with UTC+2 offset, and they both use now UTC+2 server time.

--- 帖子 #2104 ---
Maybe ..

In any case, thanks again for the tests)

--- 帖子 #2105 ---
Hello! Good night everybody

I have been testing the E.A for some time and its performance is very good

I'm thinking of starting a real account this week to see how I get out

--- 帖子 #2106 ---
Can you share your forward test results, pls?

--- 帖子 #2107 ---
I find the dukascopy data is not very good - they have unusually high spreads compared to a true ECN broker that offers zero spread on EURUSD and almost zero spread on GBPUSD...  With the high spread - you will find you dont hit TP and you get better result with TP=35.

If you are using TDS for back test - try using Alpari proECN data instead of dukascopy - i found it has good correlation to my ICmarkets zero spread account.

The difference is in the spread offered by dukascopy IMHO...

--- 帖子 #2108 ---
Can you backtest the same period with your data just to compare?

--- 帖子 #2109 ---
I don'nt really understand this.

--- 帖子 #2110 ---
For those who did backtest with this settings, did this actually hit the initial stop loss at any time? If yes, how come we don'nt find a big drawdown on the charts since the R:R(70:4(trailing stop) is a big gap. Wish i could see the backtest detailed statements.

--- 帖子 #2111 ---
Pls, does anyone know why my trailing stop of '4' and trailing step of 2 has'nt kicked off yet?

--- 帖子 #2112 ---
This is trailing after profit of 35 pips.

--- 帖子 #2113 ---
Oh, okay. Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #2114 ---
hi, I am  also testing this epic EA! The back-tests are looking good and I am also running a forward test on demo. I was wondering if anyone else has a buy open on 1.30349 from Friday?

--- 帖子 #2115 ---
[quote = Atsiekratsie; 12269451] ciao, sto anche testando questo EA epico! I back-test stanno andando bene e sto anche facendo un test in avanti sulla demo. Mi chiedevo se qualcun altro ha un buy aperto a 1.30349 da venerdì? [/ Quote]

Yes, I had an open position at 1.30351 since Friday; recently closed in SL.

--- 帖子 #2116 ---
Same here SL hit already

--- 帖子 #2117 ---
Hi buddy are you still enjoying vacation

--- 帖子 #2118 ---
So I had some time and ran some optimizations trying out different/better settings and it is interesting to see the positive results.

I think with a changing market it might be necessary to do these kinds of optimizations every 3 months to keep the EA current. This is true when looking back at previous years where the current settings did not do well and only made real profit in the last 6 months. Perhaps optimizing the parameters to the current market will yield better results long term instead of keeping the same settings.

This is just my observation and I will test it and see if I'm right or wrong.

--- 帖子 #2119 ---
hi all,

noob EA tester here, stumbled across this thread. I can't get any of the _PDV_10...  ex.4 files to work at all in mt4

I could use the very first ultron.mq4 file ok

I am copying them to File>Open data folder>MQ4L>Experts

I can see them in the tester but they won't start. I try to drop on a chart but nothing happens.

I'm stuck!

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2120 ---
what version recomended to use. pdv or lite sir

--- 帖子 #2121 ---
Hi everyone,

I am trying out both PVD106 and Lite3.7m. Back tests look promising. Trying them out on a very small live account, with low risk settings, on GBPUSD only. Might as well forward test. After playing around with them over the weekend, I have started running them today, since today's London open. No trades so far today, but obviously the EA doesn't enter trades every day. Will be curious to see if I get similar entries as others. Thanks PaulDV for sharing this! And to Feex too for the Lite version, and to everyone who has contributed to this EA's evolution.

Mrdfx - I agree with you that settings may need to be adjusted over time to optimize profits. I backtested different time periods with different settings. What worked for 2018 wasn't as lucrative for 2019 YTD, and what works well for 2019 YTD wasn't as lucrative for 2018. Haven't been able to get modelling quality >90%, though. So, again, I figure might as well forward test on a small account.

--- 帖子 #2122 ---
Hi everyone since last week I have on ULTRON LTE 3.7m live account GBPJPY, EURUSD, and USDCHF, so far no open deal. I'm not sure if it works properly because three red dots are still on the information bar next to the logo. If I run the Ultron in the Tester, the worm dots will not appear until the trade is lost. If the deal is profitable, they are green, otherwise they are orange. Can someone please explain this to me?

Ultron is amazing and I thank everyone who is involved in its development.

--- 帖子 #2123 ---
Three red dots appear if the transaction is open and is currently negative. If there are no open trades, the three dots will always be yellow. If you have something wrong, make a screenshot of the entire trading schedule with an information panel.

--- 帖子 #2124 ---
Got my first entry since starting forward testing yesterday - this one on PVD106: Short GBPUSD 1.26948 @ 04:00 (GMT-4/New York time Zone), one hour into the London open.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2125 ---
Ultron was quiet all of last week and today opens a sell order the same day that May will give her last speech.

We can only hope that whatever she says is negative for the pound and we can profit otherwise this will be a SL order.

--- 帖子 #2126 ---
No store is open and the dots next to the logo are red

--- 帖子 #2127 ---
hmm ... this is very strange ... can you tell more in detail, after which this happened? And what is your broker?

Can you make a full screen screen, where you can see that there are no open deals? Judging by this screenshot, you have a deal open .. but it is not visible on the chart ..

still you wrote: "I have on ULTRON LTE 3.7m live account GBPJPY, EURUSD, and USDCHF" - ULTRON_LITE does not work on three-digit pairs. This Expert Advisor is for GBPUSD only.

--- 帖子 #2128 ---
Well there goes that....

--- 帖子 #2129 ---
Yup.. Hit stop loss again...now its like one win one lose everytime. Still in the losing side since we win 30 pips lose 70 pips.

Tough times.

--- 帖子 #2130 ---
Do you have any error messages?

Are there any messages in the Journal or Exports tab?

--- 帖子 #2131 ---
Yep... SL was hit... actually mine had entered another trade after that one I posted (I have PVD106 set to hold more than one position at a time), and that one was stopped out too. I came home from work today, and it has entered another short after market came back down (entry is 1.26992).

--- 帖子 #2132 ---
Good evening all, has anyone had any orders recently as i haven't any for well over a week?

--- 帖子 #2133 ---
Had two sell trades one yesterday that later hit SL and the other today that hit TP

--- 帖子 #2134 ---
Had a trade today hit trailing stop for 20 pips

--- 帖子 #2135 ---
I'll suggest you stick to only one open order. It's been proven to be more profitable from bactests

--- 帖子 #2136 ---
So its been 2 months since starting this little $100 account and I have to say its not looking anything like the back tests!

Well one thing I can say is that trading any EA these days on GBP pairs is very risky as its been extremely volatile and unstable.

Also the downside of this setting that I'm using, 70 SL, 35 TP is that it takes only 1 SL being hit to wipe out 2 profitable trades, and this last month its been like this, win one, lose one...

I'll keep this account going and see how its looking after 6 months, hopefully by that time it will be making profit and starting to resemble what the back test looks like.

--- 帖子 #2137 ---
nzdusd m30

try that one

ultron pdv 1.05

--- 帖子 #2138 ---
I had that concern about the EA not trading so fantastic in real live like it did in backtest and quickly stopped it from trading my account.

--- 帖子 #2139 ---
I have better results, started with GBPUSD only then added GBP crosses later and changed TP 35/SL70 for all pairs. This is the what I have after two months:

--- 帖子 #2140 ---
The result is pretty good. Could you please share how many crosses you have been trading and what the time frames are for those crosses? Thank you.

--- 帖子 #2141 ---
Sure, I am also testing GBPAUD, GBPJPY, EURUSD and have added GBPCAD, GBPCHF last week, all are on H1 with risk 10.

--- 帖子 #2142 ---
my test it works only  GBPJPY and NZDCAD with original MA, other pair need to change MA to other value EURUSD work with another MA try optimization fine value setting.

--- 帖子 #2143 ---
Hmm.. I'll begin forward testing with NZDCAD, thank you for the suggestion. Do you have the settings for other pairs?

Here is the new results, GBPCAD has another win today:

--- 帖子 #2144 ---
Yup GBP has Brexit so USD has TRADE WAR.

GBPUSD is overall troubled pair for now.

--- 帖子 #2145 ---
Today with GBPUSD pair result not good with 50/50 win/loss

recommend using a trailing stop

Try this pair with using a trailing stop trade (9-9-50-1)

EURUSD = result goof

GBPJPY = result goof

NZDCAD = result goof

(NZDCHF)

Most pair that trick open order but result not good (9-9-50-1) maybe need to adjust take profit to 5 pip-10 pip like scalping

AUDCAD

USDCAD

EURCAD

EURNZD

GBPAUD

GBPCAD

EURAUD

GBPCHF

GBPNZD

--- 帖子 #2146 ---
Hey brendan777, which version of the ea are you using? There are soo many ultrons file on this post it's confusing.

--- 帖子 #2147 ---
Hi guys,

Assuming that I want to run a backtest of brokers that I can't find any historical data.

Is running a backtest using historical data of another broker (Tick Data Suite etc...) would be better than running a backtest on the same broker that I'll want the EA to run "live"?

I'm not getting results of 99.9%, not even close to that... But still, would it help me to run the backtest with different spreads feed?

I defiantly need a piece of good advice here how to run my backtests since I have to run multiple EAs on multiple symbols.

The broker that I want attaching the EAs, has big spreads and huge stop/freeze levels so even if ill run the backtest with a proper historical data, ill have to adjust the parameters according to the server.

What steps should I take?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2148 ---
I have decided to remove Ultron form my personal live trading. The last months has been whipsawing and overall has not had profitable results and the risk is to high I think.

I know that GBP has been very volatile in recent months due to Brexit news, but Brexit has been going on for 3 years now so that can't be an excuse, and current results have not been even close to the 1-2 year back tests results we've seen shared here.

I'll keep the small live test account running (TE in my profile) as I've already written off the $100 so we will see long term if it comes back, but I have my doubts Ultron will be profitable like we all have hoped for. Its a pity...

--- 帖子 #2149 ---
Little is not clear your disappointment. No adviser will profit from forever. This is an axiom. No great tests for a long period do not give any guarantees that tomorrow this system will work the same way. This must be understood initially, if you come to the market. For profitable work of any adviser, certain market conditions are needed, and since the market is constantly changing, the conditions for the use of this or that adviser will also change, which naturally affects your profit.

The ULTRON system is a working system that brings profit under certain conditions. If market conditions are suitable for this system - it brings profit. If not - then you get a loss. That's how all systems work.

--- 帖子 #2150 ---
Hi, Feex and PaulDV

Can possible you both help to build Ultron EA in MQL5 for MT5?

--- 帖子 #2151 ---
Great Job sir,looking very nice in back test,do you have ant forward test details

please post,thank you very much

--- 帖子 #2152 ---
Been trading one pair, not enough trades to get the data I'd like to assess risk, but it's certainly not bad.

--- 帖子 #2153 ---
Is anyone still trading with this EA?

Out of interest I decided to run some back tests to see how it would have performed since I stopped using it and I was surprised to see that it has been pretty profitable these last 2 months.

It looks like I might have been a bit premature to stop using it...

--- 帖子 #2154 ---
I still consider it the best))
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2155 ---
I'm also making some money with it in the last couple of months .( live account). About 10% up. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #2156 ---
Yes. Still chugging along nicely. I will consider going live in winter post Brexit.

--- 帖子 #2157 ---
Here are my result since 1st of July.

impressive win ratio and profit

version PDV 1.05

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

in other chart i have 1.06 and profit are very small
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2158 ---
Impressive, could you please attached version 1.05 so i can download it, i was looking in the thread and was not able to find it.

Thank you in advanced.

--- 帖子 #2159 ---
Hi, whats is the last known EA? 1.06?

thanks

--- 帖子 #2160 ---
Here you go

Attached File(s)   ULTRON_PDV_105.ex4

103 KB
|
1,375 downloads

--- 帖子 #2161 ---
thanks

is there any indicator?

--- 帖子 #2162 ---
Thank you, i was looking at past posts and there was a lot of back testing with different setting, are you using default settings?, if not, would it be possible to have a capture of your settings?. Thanks

--- 帖子 #2163 ---
Here you go set file for my Ultron PDV 105

Please chanage .txt to .set

Attached File(s)   Ultron PDV105 .txt

1 KB
|
1,156 downloads

--- 帖子 #2164 ---
Just simple *.set

--- 帖子 #2165 ---
Yes, just delete .txt, and write .set instead...

--- 帖子 #2166 ---
Hi

what indicators do you use?

thanks

--- 帖子 #2167 ---
Hi Feex, would you say that Ultron Lite 3.7M is the best version (per your opinion)? Curious about your thoughts.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2168 ---
I have been running old Ultron Exponential 3.3 for months and it has been going pretty good as well. I do monitor it and manage it if I see the price action reversing or if it looks like a false break, etc. I don't leave on autopilot. Just my two-cents.

--- 帖子 #2169 ---
Hey. I consider this system the best in principle. Modifications Ultron PDV and Ultron Lite 3.7m in my opinion are the best of all modifications)

--- 帖子 #2170 ---
Thank-you Feex, appreciate it. I will check out Ultra Lite 3.7 with the updated info per the review in previous comments. I should of done so months ago....

Cheers brother

--- 帖子 #2171 ---
Thanks for sharing!

--- 帖子 #2172 ---
This ea has been on my chart for more than 4hrs, and it is yet to take a single trade. Can anybody figure out what could have been the problem?

--- 帖子 #2173 ---
It does'nt trade that often. It could take only 13 trades in two months, so figure out how many trades it may take in a week

--- 帖子 #2174 ---
Thank you Timi. That's kind of you

--- 帖子 #2175 ---
Murphy's Law that the first order since I started using it live again is a loss..

--- 帖子 #2176 ---
At which page/post can one find Ultron lite 3.7

--- 帖子 #2177 ---
Wow!!! Which of the versions and settings did you use?

--- 帖子 #2178 ---
Murphy's Fault, the previous one was a winner , i get both

--- 帖子 #2179 ---
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post12240747

If you click the 'paper clip' icon top right corner you can see a list of attachments posted to the thread. Then you can sort them by name/date etc.

--- 帖子 #2180 ---
Do you or do you know someone who can help me with a code I want to try for a certain strategy?  I am junior member so can not message or create post.

--- 帖子 #2181 ---
thanks

its nessary any configuration or indicators?

thanks

--- 帖子 #2182 ---
I don't know as I don't use it. Nor have I read the entire thread. However if you plan on trying it out you might want to.

--- 帖子 #2183 ---
Look at page 109, Robeg was very kind and share his .set file, i am using it with PDV 105 version, and is working great.

--- 帖子 #2184 ---
Did Ultron 3.7m Lite take any positions last week? I'm planning to forward test this one since it's pretty good on backtest, but so far since thursday live last week it didn't take any positions.

--- 帖子 #2185 ---
1.06 opened and closed today for profit. Is anyone trading other pairs?

--- 帖子 #2186 ---
made a test from the beginning of 2018 to the present.

used the following settings:
TP=38
SL=70
OpenHour=10 (for GMT+3)
CloseHour=23 (for GMT+3)
Trailing=true
Tralling_from_Profit=true
Risk Ratio=8
TrailingStop=3
TrailingStep=1
ExponentialFactorDecrease=0.5
-----

leverage: 1:500

dep: 100USD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2187 ---
one more test: the settings are the same except for RiskRatio!
Risk Ratio=4

I was interested in the drawdown, maximum and relative. In this test, the relative drawdown is lower than in the first test, but the maximum drawdown is higher. You see the difference in profit yourself. Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2188 ---
I'm curious as to why there's a big difference between these two versions. Could you let me know the settings you're using for each of them?

From my notes, the only addition to 1.06 was the break-even logic, which should be off by default, meaning that if you don't use the break-even feature, then the two ought to work exactly the same.

Could you perhaps also PM me a list of the trades for each version? That may help me to identify why there's such a big difference between them.

Also: your broker offset is set to zero - are you sure that this is correct, as it can have a big impact on when it takes trades?

--- 帖子 #2189 ---
Hello,

Below you can find settings for both version.

In addition is the list of the trades since beginning of July until end of August.

To be honest i do not remember why offsets are different but most probably i set two different way of sets just to see how it can influence for trading

Unfortunately i lost my demo account so i cannot get more details.

I set up new demo just for these two version so after while we can see if situation will be same as in July and August.

Attached File(s)   Presets.zip

1 KB
|
1,032 downloads

Attached File(s)   Ultron trades.txt

60 KB
|
930 downloads

--- 帖子 #2190 ---
Thanks, that was helpful.

Looking through the data, you have different time filters, which could cause differences in the number of trades opened.  You also have the Volume parameter set differently, which again will cause one EA to skip a trade where the other doesn't.

The only difference in trades was a losing trade opened by 106 on 12.07.2019 - 105 didn't open a trade at this time.  Looking at the time it was opened (5pm local time) I suspect that it was the Volume that caused 105 to skip the trade but 106 to open it.

All other trades appeared to open and close together, which is what I wold have expected.

The other main difference is in the lot sizes.  For 105 you're risking 25% of the available equity, but in 106 you're risking only 1% of the account balance.  This will yield wildly different results percentage-wise, for the same trades.

So, to sum up, I'm happy that 106 is doing what it should and it's just the settings that have made the difference here.

--- 帖子 #2191 ---
thanks paul for your great effort. also. may i ask if this EA can work on other pairs? so far i havnt found any good sets to use with Eu or ther majors. if it is possible can you point me in the right direction which pair to search for optimization? thanks again

--- 帖子 #2192 ---
Excellent explanation Paul.

Well done.

--- 帖子 #2193 ---
I see no reason why it can't be used for other pairs.

You just need to find the right settings for the Trigger Parameters, and play with the Order Entry and Trade Management values to optimise.

I say "just", but it's not an easy task tbh.

--- 帖子 #2194 ---
Thanks for this excellent clarification!

--- 帖子 #2195 ---
Do we know what the OP used to calculate the trigger parameters for GBPUSD?

--- 帖子 #2196 ---
Since nobody share mq4 anymore, Can anyone add magic number please? For ultron lite, pdv

--- 帖子 #2197 ---
ultron lite 3.7m version support change magic number .

--- 帖子 #2198 ---
HI all

Cant get any trades on BT with ULTRON_PDV_105

Any ideas?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2199 ---
Which post?

--- 帖子 #2200 ---
105 with settings

--- 帖子 #2201 ---
Maybe a backtest for a longer time period will convince us that those pairs EUR/USD, USD/CAD will be profitable on the long run

--- 帖子 #2202 ---
Good results. Can you share the settings please?

--- 帖子 #2203 ---
The magic number can be specified in the parameters for both EAs.

--- 帖子 #2204 ---
BT?

--- 帖子 #2205 ---
Ultron can be very scary and discouraging on real accounts, i wonder why. Does anyone have great results on real account with this EA? Did anyone experience losses in the last two trades? When you start using an EA on an account for the first time and you have to go 20% down in 2 weeks.....

--- 帖子 #2206 ---
I decide to stop this ea on real account.

--- 帖子 #2207 ---
Since restarting the EA on live account it has not done so well.

It has 2 wins and 3 losses so far and of course with using a 35 pip TP and 70 pip SL the loss is around -140 pips which in $ is a lot.

I must say that the last 2 losses were due to Brexit news, not at the fault of the EA. I think trading any GBP pairs right now is a bit of a gamble cos even though the EA might be correct technically any Brexit news can swing it the other way into loss like previously.

What we need to the Brexit news to move in favor of the EA so we can come back to winning.

--- 帖子 #2208 ---
This advisor is not intended for short-term trading. As I wrote earlier, there are times on the market when an adviser tramples in place, and this can last more than one day or even a month! Example in the picture - the adviser stomped on the spot from May to July. You must understand that such periods are possible and you just need to wait
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2209 ---
Totally agree with you.

--- 帖子 #2210 ---
Thanks, that was helpful.

--- 帖子 #2211 ---
Good reminder, thanks

--- 帖子 #2212 ---
Do you use ultron on real acc? Performance so far?

--- 帖子 #2213 ---
Not yet. But I’m going to launch an expert at the end of the year.

--- 帖子 #2214 ---
I'm intrigued, Feex.

--- 帖子 #2215 ---
It's just that now is not the best time to trade this robot on GBPUSD. We must wait for the end of the epic with Brexit

--- 帖子 #2216 ---
I agree, Feex. Looking forward to see what you are cooking up.

--- 帖子 #2217 ---
and how are you, not bad Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2218 ---
Hi All,

just thought i would ask if your all still following the progress of Ultron, in the last month or so i have been through the thread, downloaded PDV 106 and Ultron Lite 3.7m. Went and got myself some Alpari Tick data using TDM to run 99.9% back tests.

Currently running these on my demo account via VPS

Interested on peoples thoughts about this EA performance since aug/september/october?

Lastly,

I'm really impressed with the EA and the journey that has occurred and the community support that occurred here.

thank you to the OP and community for all their hard work on this. one day i would love to learn to code an EA myself

--- 帖子 #2219 ---
Hi, i ma still running the EA on a real account, but the trades are very rare since Strategy conditions, hope someone else that has more time working with the EA can answer your question

cheers

--- 帖子 #2220 ---
so far so good ...

--- 帖子 #2221 ---
hi this is Samuel, new to this thread. May I know if I can get help on the Ultron latest version and how to set up?

--- 帖子 #2222 ---
Hi Mate,

Have you seen similar results on real accounts?

--- 帖子 #2223 ---
Ulton has gone crazy! This trade keeps on giving!

--- 帖子 #2224 ---
I've translated this EA into MetaTrader 5 language. Here's the tests with 100% data quality:

--- 帖子 #2225 ---
What was the settings you use in the backtest??

--- 帖子 #2226 ---
Hi, thank you for sharing, could you please upload the .set file that you are using?. thank you in advanced

--- 帖子 #2227 ---
[quote = ForexFreak12; 12646990] Я перевел этот советник на язык MetaTrader 5. Вот тесты со 100% качеством данных: {image} {image} {image} [/ quote]

Good work sir, give us a Christmas present, you can post your adviser with sets here)))))

--- 帖子 #2228 ---
Here's the MT5 version.

Note: I have added Ultra as an 'add on' into my existing Crossover Ea. If Ultra = true, this ea will only use Ultra strategy. I've also added new trailing methods (Trailing based on  MA, highcandles, %profit, ATR, etc). I am a big fan of MA trailing, that is the position will close the profit if the pair touches particular MA.

There is no expiry or anything like that so feel free to play around with it and see what works best. Here's performance summary.

--- 帖子 #2229 ---
Thanks a lot!

I will be glad to check it out in detail and will share my findings.

--- 帖子 #2230 ---
Any chance for an .ex4 version?

--- 帖子 #2231 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

this is a test with default settings GBPUSD, H1

--- 帖子 #2232 ---
Thank you, everything is clear. You use the exact input of the adviser and then accompany it in its strategy!!!!Thank you good luck, good work sir!!!!

--- 帖子 #2233 ---
I'm sorry but I have one seemingly stupid question right here.

Regarding to the input 'Open Hour' and 'Close Hour' which I have been a little bit struggling with,

I'm curious that if it's referring to my platform's server time? Or my local time?

I'm using IC-markets, should it should be GMT +3 right? and then the Open Hour and Close Hour would then be '10' and '23' if I'm right.

Thanks for any help!!

(I'm asking because I have some different backtest results compared to some of the reports posted, with the same input, yet mine is still 99.9%.)

--- 帖子 #2234 ---
it referring to server time .

--- 帖子 #2235 ---
Hi,

Backtest looks good for the last 2 years. I tested before that, but crashes, so I am trying to optimise it.

What are ExponentialFactorIncrease and ExponentialFactorDecrease refers to?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2236 ---
MQL4 please? thanks you

--- 帖子 #2237 ---
Thank you very much sir for your Great Invention.

--- 帖子 #2238 ---
Brexit is upon us. By 31 Jan UK will be legally out of europe. So maybe its the right time to test Ultron. I've been forward testing Ultron PDV and Ultron Lite since November.From the looks of it Ultron PDV is much more stable and consistent. Ultron Lite is great too but compared to Ultron PDV, i think it falls short.

--- 帖子 #2239 ---
hello

nice system - does have also scalping setup for m1/m5 ?

--- 帖子 #2240 ---
Hi, I can, But I'll develop EA only if your indicator and trade entry, exit rules are well defined and have good return, I can develop for both mql4, mql5,

--- 帖子 #2241 ---
I haven't responded to this thread for a while. Wanted to just share; starting to the new year, I have been running the 'ol Ultron Exponential 3.3 on GDP/USD and on EUR/USD. Also been running Lite on GBP/AUD and on GBP/CAD. Mostly have been getting trades on the Exponential trades (GDP/USD and EUR/USD), mind you. I am currently up 11% for the year. Exponential settings are standard and the Lite settings are per FEEX settings (thanks bro). Based on my own trading, I only trade Tuesday thru Thursday, never Monday or Friday or on any Holiday. 11% is good so far for 2020.

Just my two cents....

--- 帖子 #2242 ---
Dear ZANEG, they correctly wrote that they put Ultron Lite 3.7 on GBP/AUD and on GBP/CAD ,Ultron Exponential 3.3 on GBP/USD and on EUR/USD????

or vice versa.....Ultron Lite 3.7-GBP/USD and on EUR/USD :::

and Ultron Exponential 3.3 GBP/AUD and on GBP/CAD.....

--- 帖子 #2243 ---
Many thanks for this info. Pls, what is your settings for Ultron Pdv, default settings?

--- 帖子 #2244 ---
Hi arci11,

That is how I use the Ultron system, correct. It initially was a bit of an experiment over the months that Ultron was evolved thru several versions. I use Exponential 3.3 on GBP/EUR and on EUR/USD..... and Ultron Lite 3.7 on GBP/AUD and also on GBP/CAD.

I turn off all the above Ultron pairs and I don't personally trade on Monday and on Friday due to my own method of trading the Forex market for certain reasons. Overall, I do not fully depend on Ultron. Sometimes I see that the system opens a trade right at a support or resistance level and I analysis whether I should stay in the trade or not, based on the direction it opened versus the support or resistance levels. Sometimes I close the trade with a small gain or loss. Hours later, I'm proven that I did the right move. Analyzing Support and Resistance levels are key in Forex trading.

Hope that helps arci11

--- 帖子 #2245 ---
Hi zaneG,

Thank you for the great clarification regarding your approach to the market.

By the way, it has been very accurately noted that it is not recommended to trade robots on Monday and Friday.

--- 帖子 #2246 ---
You're welcome arci11. I agree with the no trading on Monday or Friday. I don't personally trade on those days. Historically, the most pips (in a trend-like scenario) are had on a Tuesday, Wed and Thursday. Just a subjective opinion.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2247 ---
I've realised that if you avoid trading at key resistance and support zones, specifically on the daily and weekly timeframe, you will avoid unnecessary losses. So, i got a support/resistance indicator that helps me identify those points. When price is close to those points,i stop the EA from trading. It would be an awesome thing to get it integrated into the UltronEA, such that when price is close to support/resistance on the daily or weekly time frame by x number of pips, the trade will not be taken. Here is the indicator i use

--- 帖子 #2248 ---
Pls could someone help me out, ultron pdv 106 is not taking trades on my real account. Who can help me resolve this? I have what looks like an error message in the expert tabs. Pls, note thats it's not about the auto trading button, i only just disabled it after it was not trading.

--- 帖子 #2249 ---
timidave, go to your upper right hand where it shows your Ultron version you are using... click on it and an expert box should appear. Go to the middle tab which reads Common. The Enable Alert, Allow Live Trading AND Allow import of external experts Box should be checked. If that doesn't work, try re-loading the Ultron Version you want to use and start again.

Hope that helps

--- 帖子 #2250 ---
What are the settings you are using for the Ultron Lite 3.7m?

Anyone trading this on a live account? How is it performing?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2251 ---
Autotrading is disabled. Click the button "AUTOTRADING".

--- 帖子 #2252 ---
Not sure whats wrong with my tick data.I have tried downloading from tickstory and other data as well still, my backtest results are fluctuating.

I am using the latest file and default sets with EURUSD pair

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2253 ---
just gbpusd

--- 帖子 #2254 ---
who can add a little different risk to the owl. When the stop is triggered, the risk increases by N times(the volume of the next trade), (if two negative trades in a row are X*N*2). When closing a winning position, the risk becomes the same X1. Who thinks about it?

--- 帖子 #2255 ---
I had just about given up on this EA, but I opened the chart to take a look at what it's doing and was very surprised to see this:
Attached Image

Almost doubled the account...it'll probably lose the lot in the next few days though! Hehehe.

--- 帖子 #2256 ---
Hi Paul, why you were to given up?, it looks great .

What are you going to do with the EA?

I am running the EA with a real account with a small amount since 6 months, results looks great and i was going to deposit 30x times more , and now i see your doubt then i like to know if there is any long term problems with the EA or something, thank you.

--- 帖子 #2257 ---
it is good to know you are using it consistently in real account. If it works for you consistently then it is nice you can continue to use it. Just that after few setbacks few of us didnt use it in real account. May be fixed lot may make it sail through the rough patches.

Stats given by PaulDv shows win rate of 78% which is considerably great.

--- 帖子 #2258 ---
My doubt was because it went into a big losing streak initially, and lost over 70% of the account.  However, to come back from that loss to nearly doubling the account is pretty remarkable, so maybe I should put my money where my mouth is

--- 帖子 #2259 ---
No martingales here my friend - that will kill your account...guaranteed.

--- 帖子 #2260 ---
may be those few days.. that was one bad losing streak. all excitement gone down. but seeing those stats is nice and encouraging.

--- 帖子 #2261 ---
hi i m new here

can i ask what are the recommended pairs , only GBPUSD ?

and time period, only 1h ?

have anyone try XAUUSD ?

--- 帖子 #2262 ---
Kind of forgot about this thread and recently looked at my account. Yes, it's for GBPUSD on 1H timeframe.

--- 帖子 #2263 ---
Hey Paul,

Mind telling me when you started your test?

My test started on 30th of January and I kind of forgot about it.  Had another look at the account today and I saw that it was up 28% for me.

--- 帖子 #2264 ---
Hi,

I’ve been using in real account both Ultron Lite and Ultron PDV and so far happy with it. My percentage is higher than it should be because when trade is going a bit against me, I add couple of trades in the same direction. A bit risky, I know.

In a month (Ultron lite) , 100% of trades reached 35 pips goal

SL is at 70 pips and no loss yet.

Lot size start getting bigger so will decrease risk soon

--- 帖子 #2265 ---
Good to hear from you Paul, I've been wondering where you have been. I also lost hope on the EA and came back after I realized the rough times it had was just for a season. Brexit contributed greatly to those strings of losses anyway. I'll post my test results soon. I just started using it on real again too. My plan is, once I have 2 consecutive loses, I will stop the EA until the market is stable

--- 帖子 #2266 ---
This test results on demo is just for a month so far and i risked 25% per trade

--- 帖子 #2267 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2268 ---
IC markets moves now to +3, should i put 3 in the server offset? thanks!

--- 帖子 #2269 ---
Another win with both my Ultron account today.

so far only wins after a bit more than a month

--- 帖子 #2270 ---
Same here, thank you to whom belongs the development of the EA, i think PaulDV (i am using PDV 1.06 version)

--- 帖子 #2271 ---
Not sure if there are a lot of us using it. I use PDV1.06 and Lite_3.7m on different accounts.

Did you set up 35 pips profit/ 70 pips SL?

Today, it was much more than 35 pips to win.

--- 帖子 #2272 ---
It was a sweet win today for me, both on my real and demo account; 84pips!

--- 帖子 #2273 ---
hi , can i ask if possible (in future versions) SL ,TP and trailing SL can be also dynamic using ATR

enable ATR = yes (will ignore the static SL,TP and trailing SL)

ATR period =14

dynamic SL = 1.5 (1.5 x current ATR with period 14)

dynamic TP = 2

dynamic Traili SL = 1

etc

i check the atr just few min ago and for GBPUSD 1h = 40

so

if a trade opened the dynamic SL ,TP and trailing SL will be

ATR period =14

dynamic SL = 1.5 (1.5 x 40 = 60 pips)

dynamic TP = 80 pips

etc

and of course a lot of back testing will needed .. (the above config is only an example)

dynamic Traili SL = 40 pips

Also a good idea also is having 2 position open

i mean if fixed lot = 0.10 (open 2 positions with 0.05)

if risk percentage is 1.0% (open 2 position win 0.5% each)

also will need in config Sl1, Sl2,TP1, TP2 and also the same with dynamic SL and TP

example

SL 1 position = 70 pips

Sl 2 position = 70 pips

TP 1 position = 50 pips

TP2 position =150

..

Dynamic SL 1 = 1.5 (i give the example above)

Dynamic SL 2 = 1.5

Dynamic Tp 1 = 1

Dynamic TP 2 = 5

Trailing SL = 1

..

with this can lock half profits soon and a lot of later on as the trend can be very big some times

and of course the above numbers is an example only a lot of backtesting will needed of optimum config ...

--- 帖子 #2274 ---
I didnt have those trades this week... i have high news filter ON, maybe this is the cause? I have Icmarkets account with a VPS...

--- 帖子 #2275 ---
I get the trades and I always have filters OFF, maybe is that.

--- 帖子 #2276 ---
This looks like a good idea to me, if we have good and kind programmers in the house who can help us.

--- 帖子 #2277 ---
It would have been nice to have had a sell today but Nothing unfortunately.

anyway, one trade per week with 10% profit is enough if it continues like that,

--- 帖子 #2278 ---
Yeah, as the pound dropped seriously today against the dollar. I wish It had taken a trade too, but it follows a defined strategy! But GbpUsd has dropped more than 600pips in 3 days, what could be the reason, corona virus?

--- 帖子 #2279 ---
Even today, no trades with the EA, not sure why. I took couple of manual trades and made 10%

Coronavirus, and the way Johnson behaves with it compared to other countries. It's less strong than Eur it seems at the moment. Next week perhaps will get stronger

--- 帖子 #2280 ---
The attached version is the very basic version given by Powel to the very first page.

All I want someone to insert "MAGIC NUMBER" to this very basic mq4 version, please. Forgot to mention; so I can change the magic number via interface for other pairs.

Note: I've already been using feex and paul version in the past . I've been to this testing journey with FEEX, Paul, emonts. GPBUSD is pain and depends on market conditions. I'm in the middle of testing something and struggling to use multiple pairs with this Powel version.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2281 ---
It seems almost all the pairs are trending heavily right now because of corona virus. And until there's a pull back again close to the main trend line, there will be no trades!

--- 帖子 #2282 ---
I'm a fundamental trader and this current market is the very best for my style of manual trading

I've used this software and going back to the basic version but that doesn't have Magic Number. To use on other pairs.

--- 帖子 #2283 ---
There is some error in ULTRON_PDV_105 or I just can`t found right version of it. Test results doen`t match with live results. Tested with tickdata suite.

Can someone send here latest version of ultron here?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #2284 ---
Hi, anyone getting trades from Ultron?, my last one was on March 10 and before that was on March 3, and it was a win, but although current volatility i am not getting trades.

--- 帖子 #2285 ---
Same here, no trades for that long a time. It's th market condition that changed recently due to the pandemic; covid-19

--- 帖子 #2286 ---
Unfortunately, there have been no trades for a long time ((((

--- 帖子 #2287 ---
Alas, there was a buy trade yesterday and it's still running. Does anyone know if the google free vps is still available? I've not been able to set it up successfully

--- 帖子 #2288 ---
Hello ! Transactions were on April 1:::   - 75 points, today +35 points.

--- 帖子 #2289 ---
I have 2 accounts, same version of ultron, same settings, in  ICMarkets Account first operation closed in loss and second closed in profit, but in FXCM account there was only one operation that  closed in profit after almost hitting SL by a few pips. I assume that  the loss on icmarkets was because of a large spread.

--- 帖子 #2290 ---
I had only one  with good profit, icmarkets raw spread

--- 帖子 #2291 ---
Mine is standard, may i ask what is the size of your operation and how much they charged for the commission on that trade?

--- 帖子 #2292 ---
Hello,

Here is the modified EA so that you can change the MagicNumber according to peers.

Good continuation.

--- 帖子 #2293 ---
Hello, do you have any settings or EA for MT5. Thanks

--- 帖子 #2294 ---
Hi hhc ,

are you use default setting on both 2 EAs (Lite & PDV 106)?

--- 帖子 #2295 ---
Hi,I use .set provided in the thread, I will upload for you I only use pdv version. Something that it is important a user pointed out if you use a raw spread account like provided by icmarkets the returns improve a lot. I was comparing 2 account one standard and another one raw and in several trades the standard closed prematurely

--- 帖子 #2296 ---
what set files do you use

--- 帖子 #2297 ---
Thanks for the reply.

The set file you mentioned is it from post #1575?

If not can you please share the one you are using?

--- 帖子 #2298 ---
thank you so much

--- 帖子 #2299 ---
hi, this is the .set that i was using, i said was, because some days ago i stop using it, i finally find a strategy that works for me and i am trading manually.

I leave the .set and a screenshot of the last trades from the EA.

It was running with ICMarkets Raw Srpead.

See you

--- 帖子 #2300 ---
thanks mate

--- 帖子 #2301 ---
Do you think this EA is profitable or not ???

--- 帖子 #2302 ---
Where can I find good setting for the 1.06 MT4 version?

--- 帖子 #2303 ---
hi,

i use 70SL, 35 TP, risk depend on your preference

time 11-23

only change I made.

backtest from 2018 and see what you think

--- 帖子 #2304 ---
from 2018 is great
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

but from 2010 to 2018 is not good...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2305 ---
i was wondering

is a good idea to be added a filler of the currency strength ?

--- 帖子 #2306 ---
Dynamic SL and TP

is a good idea to add Dynamic SL , TP and trailing SL based in ATR

example

2 x atr (14) of current time period (if run EA in 1 h then 1h atr)

also

TP based in ATR

example

1 x atr (14) of 1 h candle

Two TP Targets (with trailing or static SL and TP)

and maybe why not the Ultron EA opens 2 positions with same SL or Trailing SL

and 2 diff TP or Trailing TP targets

--- 帖子 #2307 ---
hey mate, I'm trying your mt5 EA. I disabled the "ultra" setting. Should it have a stop trail to close the positions? It doesn't work... I have set it to 200 (default setting)...

--- 帖子 #2308 ---
hi !

can anyone put the martingale system on this expert?

--- 帖子 #2309 ---
Hello,

I am new here.

Where can i get the new version?

Is on the first page ok for testing?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2310 ---
is this same as ultron trade system? can i use it for other pair ? or only for gbpusd? thx

--- 帖子 #2311 ---
very interesting , only for gu H1,

backrest for 2007 until today, have nice result,

but any of "optimization"  or use other symbol/TF , will make it worse

--- 帖子 #2312 ---
what should i do with the type? ex4 or mq4? because .set is nothing happen

--- 帖子 #2313 ---
is robot cant trade with demo account? because ultron and this Jcross is not making trade at all.  i use 5 decimals/digits, do i need to change the input or something? thanks

--- 帖子 #2314 ---
I have written an implementation of the Ultron robot for the cTrader platform.

To know more about cTrader see:
http://ctrader.com
http://help.ctrader.com

The robot uses GMT times, and automatically takes into account the shift of one hour in the summer months (daylight saving time). That is, the allowed trading hours are shifted one hour earlier in summer.

The robot is profitable in my backtest between January 2014 and September 2020. The backtest has been done with high quality tick data, starting capital 10000 EUR and fixed lot size 0.01.

The source code is available. If you know how to program for cTrader and you manage to make this robot more profitable please let us know.

Before you ask questions about the robot, make sure that you have read and understood this whole thread in the forum and the manual of the robot.

--- 帖子 #2315 ---
Good work. Could you make a dynamic lots depending on the deposit?

Sorry This function had bot

--- 帖子 #2316 ---
I try test backtesting on ctrader already

result from Ctrader feel good

--- 帖子 #2317 ---
hi there sudislavi, cna i know which version of EA you created this calgo on? the original author's which version ?

--- 帖子 #2318 ---
It corresponds to the author's original version. ULTRON_OP_1.mq4 available in the first post of this thread.

I have made a small correction in my code. The parameter "Restricted trading hours" did not have any effect when the value is "No".

It is not important because this robot should always use restricted trading hours, but nevertheless I have corrected the error.

I cannot edit my previous post to update the attachment, but you can download this updated version and related files from this link of google drive:
https://drive.google.com/drive/folde...C3?usp=sharing

--- 帖子 #2319 ---
please check ur message / inbox sir...

--- 帖子 #2320 ---
Hi sir can you please share MQl4 for ULTRON_PDV_105,it's working well,thanks for modification.

--- 帖子 #2321 ---
Hi Muggle,

You can add tralling stop in Cbot?

--- 帖子 #2322 ---
Hello everyone..finally finished read this thread with keen interest...thanks to all the thread starter and contributors like paul, feex and cdsaa..

big question from me..why this thread is queit now ?

--- 帖子 #2323 ---
Probably like 99% of EA's out there

--- 帖子 #2324 ---
Whats results?

--- 帖子 #2325 ---
Hi everyone,

I've read through alot of the thread and would like to try Ultron Lite, and with a trailing stop like I think FEEX used/uses.

However I'm struggling to see what his exact settings/times are?

He said the following during the thread, but I'm not sure if they are upto date? Also it doesn't mention about stop loss.

I was haunted by the option of TP 35)

In the version ULTRON_LITE_3.7 now there are two options for trailing stop.

In the default settings, the first option works, to which we are all accustomed.

The second option "Tralling_from_Profit" works differently: the trailing works after the price reaches the TP level.

If "Tralling_from_Profit" is TRUE, then set Trailing Stop 4, Trailing Step 2. TP 35

The picture is a rough test of this option. Work time I used 10 and 23 (GMT+3 broker)

You can change at your convenience.

If someone can test this option with a simulation quality of 99.9%, then it will be more clear if this makes sense or not.

P.S.

I used 1:300 leverage. It is interesting to look at the result with a leverage of 1:500

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2326 ---
This is a nice EA indeed. Thanks a lot @Pawel.Gawron!

I used the the Ultron1.2 code from page 1 and made some modifications.

GBPUSD, Test from 2015-2021 with TickData Suite:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Compiled EA & Source code:

Attached File(s)   ULTRON-v1.3.ex4

10 KB
|
687 downloads
Attached File(s)   ULTRON-v1.3.mq4

4 KB
|
869 downloads

--- 帖子 #2327 ---
Very good! So you mean you actually modified the v1.2 code, so that's what this v1.3 is?

They are good results for 6 years, and acceptable drawdawn too.... One concern is that the gross loss is huge, like 80% of the gross profit,, does it mean it's mainly fees eating into the profit?

Also what reason did you choose to modify 1.2 rather than another version?

Thanks!!

--- 帖子 #2328 ---
Yes, I modified the v1.2 code and named it v1.3.

The gross loss comes from the losing trades. There are no fees involved. The gross loss from the original version is ~75%. So there is no big difference. Version 1.3 takes bigger risk in favor of bigger profit. So you will have a bigger gross loss, but also bigger net profit.

I've chosen the v1.2 because it looked the best to me. All the other versions in this thread performed badly or didn't show any significant improvement.

Original ULTRON v1.2:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2329 ---
No problem thanks very much, were the 1.2/1.3 done with the same lot size, 0.01? Your 1.3 has around 10x more profit with around 5x or 6x more dd, so better statistics in that sense, but with the increased gross loss... I know the gross loss wouldn't have mattered overall in the back test if it had been live, as more net profit, but it is something I consider.

I appreciate your efforts

--- 帖子 #2330 ---
I like the simplicity of Ultron. To be able to better backtest its performance, I ported the v1.2 source code to MT5. I have seen some other MT5 ports before in this thread, but no one posted the source code. So for those interested, I have attached the port from MT4 to MT5 of the original ULTRON v1.2 code of post #6 without any modifications.
Attached File(s)   ULTRON1.2.mq5

4 KB
|
485 downloads

Unfortunately, it looks like the days for Ultron are over. It was probably heavily optimized at the time of release. You might want to try to re-optimize for today's conditions, but beware that there are many hardcoded values in the source code that you would first need to turn into an input parameter for MT5 to optimize.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2331 ---
Thanks for this. Yes Ultron seems to struggle on any version/settings I've tried for around the last year.

If anyone is somehow able to find decent back tested settings where profit has increased over the last year (since around September 2020 I think) then that would be great.

--- 帖子 #2332 ---
EURUSD 01.2021-11.2021

game over ? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2333 ---
Good that you double check the result! However, please make sure you run a reliable backtest. Judging from your screenshot, it appears you used MT4 to backtest and only used Open Prices. That is not a representative backtest.

I recommend you test again using MT5 using *Real* ticks (not fake ticks). This will automatically download tick data from your broker, simulate slippage and requotes, etc. You will see that the results are completely different.

--- 帖子 #2334 ---
I can't say for this back test as I didn't do it, but I also use mt4, but with tick data suite 99% accuracy. The end of 2020 to 2021 were very bad for Ultron, whatever version or set I tried. Have you found the same time period to be back tested well on mt5?

I've back tested over and over between 2015 to now, and the last 12 months is just rubbish every time.

--- 帖子 #2335 ---
Yes, I am seeing the same (see equity curve in post 2342 above).

--- 帖子 #2336 ---
You need to be realistic. I think the EA was never meant to turn a $1.000 account into $10.000 over the course of a year, unless you take a crazy amount of risk, going in with 1.00 or 3.00 lot size, as shown in the video on post #1. If you backtest you will see that there are quite a few periods of drawdown.

--- 帖子 #2337 ---
I haven't seen the expectation of turning 1000 into 10,000 in a year?

However it's completely true that there have been long periods of overall loss with Ultron, and this moment could completely be one of those times. Maybe there can be modifications made to deal with the current overall sideways action, however I've been unable to reproduce it.

--- 帖子 #2338 ---
where is Ultron Lite_3.7m Source code sir ?

--- 帖子 #2339 ---
Hi sir,

can i get the ulite3 ea ?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #2340 ---
the mq4 for MT4 Trading platform

--- 帖子 #2341 ---
What is the meaning of such a test? Do at least with a quality of 90% if it does not have a quotes 99% .. you just put your time

--- 帖子 #2342 ---
Hello, please share set.file

thank you...

--- 帖子 #2343 ---
Hello, please share version 1.2 for MT4

thank you

--- 帖子 #2344 ---
Please read again what you just quoted...

--- 帖子 #2345 ---
Thanks.

Sorry for the inattention.

--- 帖子 #2346 ---
Hello! Nice to meet you. I'm new to this forum. I modified the ultron for XAUUSD. I've backtested it for a year and the results show around 200% profit with low drawdown.

Is there anyone who can help me backtest this EA for 10 years with 100% quality? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   ULTRON-3.4_Exponential_MM.ex4

16 KB
|
176 downloads

--- 帖子 #2347 ---
Simply the best.

--- 帖子 #2348 ---
I back tested Ultron 3.4 and it went down like a 45 degree angle.   It was using EU at 15 minutes.

Ron

--- 帖子 #2349 ---
There is no complicated logic inside, just compare iMA value for 1, 9, 50.

Also a bit hard-code so dun expect the default setting works for all.

--- 帖子 #2350 ---
I added some more "inputs", result with GBPUSD is ok. Profitfactor is average good.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)


===== 附件下载链接 =====

ULTRON_OP_1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3082567?d=1541812303
ULTRON.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3060599?d=1540635731
ULTRON.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3060601?d=1540635731
ULTRON1.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3061455?d=1540756534
ULTRON.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3071513?d=1541251952
ULTRON-3.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3071783?d=1541282665
ULTRON.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3071915?d=1541301730
ULTRON-3.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3072075?d=1541317237
Test2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3072040?d=1541314197
ULTRON-3.3_Exponential.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3072202?d=1541336406
ULTRON-3.3-BZ.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3075281?d=1541512136
ULTRON-3.1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3075325?d=1541513670
ULTRON-3.1.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3075395?d=1541515396
Helper Ultron.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3077705?d=1541609614
UltronIndi.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3077715?d=1541609684
ULTRON-3.4_Exponential_MM.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3079705?d=1541691688
ULTRON-3.1.2TR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3082096?d=1541781104
ULTRON-3.3-BZi.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3082118?d=1541781789
ULTRON_OP_1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3082566?d=1541812274
Ultron_V1.01.ex5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3083296?d=1541929839
ULTRON-3.1.7-TR.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3087175?d=1542128365
ULTRON-3.4_Exponential_MM_TR.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3087979?d=1542156785
ULTRON_OP_1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3088015?d=1542159423
ULTRON_v_beer.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3088065?d=1542163902
ULTRON_v_beer.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3088227?d=1542172599
Ultron DB v1b.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3101048?d=1542863676
Ultron - With Alert.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3101608?d=1542885462
Ultron - No Alert.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3101611?d=1542885462
MTP.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3102739?d=1542960067
LWMA-Crossover_Signal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3104063?d=1543015271
ULTRON_OP_1tra.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3197918?d=1549237779
ULTRON_OP_1tra.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3198962?d=1549289019
ULTRON_OP_1tra.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3205173?d=1549540892
ULTRON_OP_1tra.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3206305?d=1549572648
ULTRON_LITE.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3207790?d=1549640472
ULTRON_OP_1tra.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3221190?d=1550279058
Ultron sets.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3223418?d=1550478273
ULTRON-3.2.0-VTB.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3224586?d=1550519237
ULTRON_LITE_3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3234772?d=1550947498
optimisation Ulite 3.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3247729?d=1551581823
30_2.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3248729?d=1551672855
4123_116.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3248732?d=1551672855
23_2.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3248863?d=1551681254
ULTRON-3.4_Exponential_MM_TR.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3250727?d=1551758428
ULTRON_LITE_3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3257283?d=1552039731
ULTRON_PDV_1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3263945?d=1552425276
FFCal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3263947?d=1552425287
ULTRON GAIN2015-19_EXP-BSEQ.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3265500?d=1552496301
ULTRON_PDV_101.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3266138?d=1552525468
FFC.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3266284?d=1552536022
FFC.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3267962?d=1552599883
ULTRON_PDV_103.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3268047?d=1552604738
ultron_pdv_103_0320182019_10_100_23_2_tp0.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3268998?d=1552649083
ulite_3_0320182019_10_100.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3269001?d=1552649083
ultron_pdv_103_0320182019_10_100_23_2.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3269008?d=1552649142
ULTRON_PDV_1031.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3269266?d=1552657494
Ultron.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3269269?d=1552657503
FXSSI.RoundLevels.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3269272?d=1552657510
ultron_pdv103_0320182019_10.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3269418?d=1552662063
ultron_pdv1031_0320182019_10.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3269420?d=1552662063
ultron_pdv1031_0320182019_10_paneloff.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3269576?d=1552665450
Ulite_500Leverage_DefaultSettings.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3270132?d=1552713953
ULTRON_PDV_1032.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3270518?d=1552757244
ULTRON_PDV_104.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3270888?d=1552820564
pdv104_prog_1326.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3270953?d=1552824112
!      NIH98 Market Time Indi.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3272013?d=1552910678
ultron_GBPUSD_H1 Tral_44_6.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3272502?d=1552927012
ULTRON-3.2.0-VTB.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3272725?d=1552937256
2222222222222.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3272760?d=1552938742
ultron.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3274782?d=1553030979
ultron_GBPUSD_H1 Tral_44_6.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3277960?d=1553166929
ULTRON_LITE_3.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3278042?d=1553169849
ultron gbp 1h my BEST set.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3281501?d=1553336080
FFC.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3281734?d=1553356582
FXSSI.RoundLevels.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3281737?d=1553356583
Ultron.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3281738?d=1553356583
ULTRON_PDV_105.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3281740?d=1553356583
pdv105_noleverage_marchtrades_backtest.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3284255?d=1553529309
ulite3.1_7_19.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3285290?d=1553585493
Ultron PDV.set.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3286170?d=1553611590
100_pdv105_fullleverage_5%.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3287125?d=1553656003
cdsaa_set_Ultron_pdv105.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3287129?d=1553656198
Davits Pivot V3.2 Auto.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3287901?d=1553685045
SS_SupportResistance_v07.53 (filter alerts MA) (1).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3288424?d=1553699272
ULTRON-3.2.0-VTB.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3290330?d=1553776921
ULTRON_PDV_106.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3295631?d=1554125215
FFC.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3295633?d=1554125233
FXSSI.RoundLevels.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3295636?d=1554125255
Ultron.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3295637?d=1554125263
PDV105_EU2018.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3309015?d=1554872189
FFC.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3317893?d=1555568617
FFC.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3317894?d=1555568627
ULTRON_LITE_3.7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3320706?d=1556045053
ULTRON_LITE_3.7m.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3323061?d=1556270578
Opt report.csv: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3329455?d=1557047353
ULTRON_PDV_105.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3419129?d=1566396709
Ultron PDV105 .txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3419483?d=1566425317
Presets.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3431213?d=1567636462
Ultron trades.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3431214?d=1567636483
JCrossStrategy.ex5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3513701?d=1576750695
SupportResistance.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3555601?d=1581939337
ULTRON_OP_1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3578847?d=1584178353
ULTRON_OP_1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3624366?d=1588581215
Ultron PDV106 hhc.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3649517?d=1590715184
UltronV1.0.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3741339?d=1600170412
2020-09-16 11-40-05 History - Ultron cBot (GBPUSD, h1, 0, 1, 2, 55, 68, True, 4, 0, 21, 0, Tr).xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3742387?d=1600262739
2020-09-16 20-24-46 History - Ultron cBot (GBPUSD, h1, 0, 1, 2, 55, 68, True, 4, 0, 21, 0, Tr).xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3742388?d=1600262747
ULTRON-v1.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4064992?d=1634850164
ULTRON-v1.3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4064993?d=1634850165
ULTRON1.2.mq5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4066129?d=1634983838
ULTRON-3.4_Exponential_MM.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4773091?d=1722814804
ULTRON1.2.mq5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4887162?d=1738071025
