===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
I am going to close this thread the new thread is: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=3896189#post3896189
The final results Aug. 2009 to end of June 2010 was  14,195 pips gained.  The final vote was 90 for, 78 against. What is laughable about all of this was 15 people voted against the system before one single trade was taken and three more voted against it after we went to version 5. Version 5 the first week made over 1100 pips. During the month of April 2010 which was our very best month of almost 5000 pip gain people were still voting against the system. Now you wonder why people lose money in Forex. Anyway thank you for all your support, I made money and to the 70 who voted against it I challenged them dozens of times to come forward with something that worked better and they never did. I can only remember one person who ever posted why he voted against, the rest were cowards I guess. Anyway I still challenge every single one of them to post a better system. I dont think a one of them every will. On to version 5.
To show you how dumb people are 2 more people voted against the system after we closed the thread and produced 14,195 pips in 10 months. That is an average of almost 1500 pips a month. That shows you how dumb people really can be.

A note from a fellow trader p. 83 #1242: After a very very long time reading different threads and trying a number of different systems (Paid and unpaid), at long last I am making some profit by following the threads of two people in FF. One being your good self and other is Steve Hopwoods. It is interesting to note that both of you are Educators by profession.
I have posted the 4th editon Page. 93 post 1394. 977 people download the 2nd edition. We actally never posted version 3 because version 4 popped up very quickly so we went straigh to that one.

I have posted the 2nd edition which replaces all the downloads of the 1st edition. The 2nd edition folder contains all the files and folders needed for the system. I want to thank the 3057 people who download the first edition.
The second edition includes: Why countertrend trading is better than trend trading, (the trend is not your friend), using S/R, 40 MA BB bands, 2.4.2 recovery system and its variations, new definition of secondary trades, margin usage rules, volatility groupings of different pairs, margin usage and funding amounts, and both 4D and 5D versions are available.
Please return to post #1 on occasion because I add important info to this post as the thread grows.

This system I have used on and off for the last two years. I have however, refined it to the point where others could trade and be profitable with it. It is mainly a manual trading system but uses an EA for the entrances. This helps you in not getting in too early and avoiding whiplash. Instructions and all parts of the system are inside the folder. Discussion of this system will begin on p. 33 after post #491. Since it incorporates the changes I have added over the last 6 months, it will not change much of my daily reports. I have been adding this over time and now am publishing my refinements. The notes below are still valid notes with the second edition but the pics will not be quite the same.
Starting Aug. 16 page 16 post #237 I started making daily calls on my trades. I will try to post them before the JPY session good or bad and see what happens. This gives traders the opportunity to see how a day by day trading is done, with all the mistakes, trials and tribulations. You see the good times and the bad. This is real, I post them every morning and you can see exactly how I handle my trades day by day. Once I post the trade there is no hiding the system. +5597 pips since Aug. 16 to Dec. 31.
Aug. 2009 Total +1020 pips

Sept. 2009 total +2651 pips p. 27 post #396
Oct. 2009 total + 1335 for the month P. 39 post #579
November 2009 +1628 Pg. 48 post 709
December 2009 -1006 our first negative month. p. 57 post 841
2009 total pips +5597 p. 57 post 8412
I guess I can be happy with that.
2010 trades total pips by month
January 2010 for the month   +1757 pg. 65 #963

February 2010 1595 pips pg. 77 post 1146

March 2010  +2575 pips pg 83 post 1233

April 2010 +4951 p. 100 #1491 My best month ever and two people voted against my system during my best month SHEEESH.

May 2010 -3386 Got caught with our pants down on the Euro news stories but we have righted the ship and coming back.

June 2010 +1116 tough month to trade but we made profit.
2010 total +8598
Here are some important posts for review and study.
Page 7 post 104 is a very good note on how to minimize a losing trade and turn it into a winner in the long run.
Page 10 post 136 I outline a trading strategy which zeros out almost any loss. I hope you can understand the logic.

Page 12 post 178 talks about using divergence with this system on a trade. Very powerful when used on a 4H chart.

Page 15 post#214 I posted some impressive results of using this sytem over a 1 month period. I traded live using only 7.00 dollars as my starting capital. After 1 month I increased it to 61 dollars. COOL.
Post #367 pg. 25 I give some philosophy on why the system works.
new definition for the secondary trade. P.27, 28 posts 400, 405 and 411 ALSO discussion follows on pg 29-30 very important. I begin explaining my new definition for the secondary trade. I think I have improved it greatly and made it a more definite and accurate trade. Doing very well with it. I added a S/R with Double Top/bottom to the definition. Very solid trades now.

P. 27 posts 408-409 I go into more detailed explanation of how the 3x3 cross EA works using S/R lines and I also talk about when to take profits.
P 32 post #478 looking at a weekly bar chart and what it tells us about trading on the 4H chart.
I also added two indicators I think are valuable, one does the daily S/R on any TF and the other does Daily and 4H S/R on any TF. The one I include in the system does the S/R for what ever TF you have on your chart.
P.36 post #530 I give my best 11 pairs or alternatives for this system.

p.37 post #551 gives why the odds are so good for this system to work using the Eur/Jpy over a period of 5 months.
p. 40 post #599 Why interest rate stories are so difficult to trade and why I dont like to trade them.
Some people are having trouble with the NBMACD so I added a folder with the True MACD. Put the template in the template folder and the True MACD in the indicators folder.
p45 and 46 posts 671-679. I give posts preparing for trading at 100:1 leverage and answer several questions about the system. post 679 I give a pic and philosophy behind the system and secondary trade examples. Why they work so well. I also so a primary trade signal I did not take and why.
P. 48 post 713: Some reasons why price retraces and you are virtually guaranteed it will.

P. 52 post 779 I show pics of 4H MACD divergance in my live trading.
P. 55 post 822 I give an example of why I think the NFA are a bunch of loonies for banning hedging.
P. 66 post 979 and 980 Testing a refinement of my system. If it works I will produce the 3rd edition. Adding Break even and jumping TS.

p. 67 post 1000 "The trend traders conundrum" Should I buy into the new trend or sell the rally ???? Tomorrow a trendtrading guru will tell me what I should have done but what do I do now????

P. 86 post 1277 I give my philosophy on drawdown (DD) and countertrading as compared to using SL.

P. 90 post 1347 countertrend trading info.
p. 26 posts 1885 and 1886. The problems and limits of all indicators no matter which ones you use.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Hi

Where is the folder

--- 帖子 #3 ---
No problem I can do that

Regards

--- 帖子 #4 ---
What is your file format? Maybe try one of those numerous one-click hosters untill your problem is fixed.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
can i ask that no-one else posts until Bob makes some posts... itd  be nice to have alot of his initial stuff on the first page

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Sure.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
It took 2 1/2 hours but I got it to load Yeah. Now for some Monday trades.

You will often find that when things line up, it is many times a certain currency that is ready to move. Monday looks like a NZD day. Here is the Gbp/Nzd and Nzd/Jpy. These are what I call Primary trades Red, White and Blue are lined up. Both can move against you some yet that is why we let the EA handle it. So I am doing these Monday morning with Gbp/nzd getting the sell EA and the Nzd/Jpy getting a buy EA.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Here is a Eur/GBP secondary trade. You can see how I use the support and resistance Indicator on the 4H chart. I drew a Gold line at resistance, This should be a good buy opportunity. Blue and White at the bottom, Red in the middle, bottom of BB and bouncing off of resistance. Looks good to me.

The second one shows a Eur/Nzd primary trade bouncing off of resistance. Adding support and resistance lines is a great confirmation. Also looks like a very solid double top. Also it is coming off of the top BB after a nice run up.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
The Aud/JPY looks a little weak but it looks like a support level is being hit and with a strong signal from the USD/JPY as a primary trade. You could take a chance on it. If you use the EA and price breaks through support you arent in the trade. The USD/JPY is a typical looking Primary trade. With the NZD/JPY looking good above I will also take the Aud/jpy since it looks like the JPY and NZD will have strong moves coming up.

ON the second pic, USD/JPY is a great example of a trend continuing trade. The white line went up and hit 100 and price bounced off the middle 20 MA of the BB. Even though the Blue went above the red, this happened with the red on the bottom and is still a good read on a trend continuing trade. So even though it did not fit exactly the rule the steep slope of the BB would have helped you on that decision.

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Anyway I have worked on this almost all day. I am going to take a break and come back in a couple of hours. You may notice that the red line (MACD) will differ with some of my pics. That is because I am using two different platforms. One uses the MACD from MT4 and another uses a True MACD. In the system I used the True MACD because it seems to be a better read. Any way good luck. Be back later.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
for everyone info , the red line is not fixed. It moves as u drag the chart, take note if u wanna do visual backtest. Which means if u see the red line on 85/15 now , it might not be on 85/15 if it continue to trend and the red line will move away from 85/15 as it trend. When it finally stop and reverse , it will then stay on 85/15

--- 帖子 #12 ---
As usual Bob many thanks for your great efforts in helping everyone at FF!

--- 帖子 #13 ---
after great naningbob 60x90 EA that made a lot of money for me ...i think this is another great system ....i am going to open a live micro account for this system....

thank you Bob

Saly

--- 帖子 #14 ---
whats the difference between the standard mt4 macd and this 'true macd'?

also tranferred from the other thread, my initial findings....

"ive actually adopted it to my current manual trading. For those with chart reading ability this system adds a whole other dimension to your manual trading, ive had quite a nice run this week...

things that i say can put the probabilities even more in your favour:

- look for Support and resitance zones to support the stochs, macd and BB

- look for price action/candlestick patterns

- trade only with the overall trend

now these are just the rules im implementing... ive also adopted different re-entries depending on the speed a currency moves...

- one with a SL of 300, one re-entry after 200pips at 1.5x

- for quicker ones, 500SL, one re-entry after 300pips, 1.3x

now this is what ive done so far, its still early days... but id reccomend going to the 'Hall of Fame" thread and combine this with a manual system of your choice, personally id reccomend James16, Silent Service Method or Jacko's thread.

with the re-entries, overbought and oversold indicators, price action, S+R, trend lines, it makes this very powerful to your trading...

Also ive found that on the daily TF the signal can be even stronger, howwever ive adopted at keeping the 3ma cross for entries on 4HR and 2ma cross for daily's... (you can change at the bottom of the code once you get the EA)

PS: I wouldnt scrap this current system of 60x90 (or wateva mods uve made), I'm running it as a nice steady cash flow in the background with a DD SL of 10% risk, which seems high but has never had a SL hit on my settings... as you can play every currency with the red white and blue system your now allowed to be more selective with which currencies you use for the '60x90'."

--- 帖子 #15 ---
There are two tools in the indicators section I gave but did not talk about. I is the support and resistance indicator and the other is 1 week pivot indicator. By clicking on the little magnifying glass and increasing your vision to 8 weeks you can connect the dots and see very important support and resistance lines Here is one for the Aud/Jpy and why I think it is a good sell trade. I put two gold lines where this key resistance area is located. You can manually trade these areas instead of the EA and use a stop loss if the line is broken. Look at this pic below to see what I mean.

The second pic is a 1 week pivot indicator and it shows key pivot, resistance, and support levels based on weekly data. You can see here that it shows the Aud/jpy could move south to the next support level first before turning around  or it is at the turn around point.

You can place buys or sells at these lines to get the best possible entrances on the trades. So you dont have to use the EA to place your trades, you can enter off of support and resistance lines instead. You can use buy limit sell limit or buy stop or sell stop orders to trade. But this shows you ways on how to trade this system.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
You can put both of these indicators on one chart and see how powerful they are when both agree. You can trade with or without the EA. The choice is yours. You may have to click on the picture to see all the lines.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
There is a thread somewhere in FF that talks about the differences. Mainly the MT4 one is smoother and doesnt go as high or low as a True MACD. Also a True MACD has two lines and a histogram while the MT4  only uses one line and a histogram. We only use the line in this system.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Bob, I commend you for all your work.

This looks like a great system. I can't wait to try it out.

I have an observation and a constructive suggestion.

The MACD line doesn't really work, when superimposed on the stochastics.

It's position, over 85 or under 15, is by pure chance and is caused by the way MT4 positions it on the screen.

MT4 fits the MACD on the screen so that it's highest point and lowest point are equidistant from the top of the window and bottom of the window. If it happens to fall over or under certain Stochastic levels, it's a coincidence.

Here's a couple of screen shots to show you what I mean.

The yellow vertical line is at exactly the same data point on both shots.

Notice on the first one, the MACD is below 15.

On the second one, it is in the middle of the window.

The only difference is that I moved the chart back.

The Stochastics do not move in relation to the 85 and 15 line, because these levels are stochastic levels.

In my next post, I will offer a solution for you to consider.

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Here's what I think is the solution.

The first indicator is your MACD. I have removed the stochastics for clarity. It is Red.

The second indicator is a 26/12/9 %D Stochastic. It is Yellow.

The shapes are almost identical.

The difference is that the Stochastic is always stable in relationship to the 85 and 15. It doesn't reposition itself as the screen shifts.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Hi Bob,,,,When i open the zip file all I am getting is the two word files,,,,,,,,Thanks,,,,,,

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Will the folder be posted tomorrow?

--- 帖子 #22 ---
are you sure cause those two pictures are at different points in time.... Its well known that the macd can change position from what it looks like now to 4 weeks from now....

--- 帖子 #23 ---
The yellow vertical is at the same point in time on both pictures.

I placed the line only once.

I moved the chart back to illustrate that the MACD is not stationary, in relation to the stochastics.

EDIT- Zoom in on the two charts.

You'll see the time stamp at the bottom of the yellow vertical line.

It's the same on both screenshots.

2009/3-10/12:00

--- 帖子 #24 ---
yeh i know but what im trying to say, and what is explained as 'the one weakness' is that the macd position today wont look the same 3 weeks from now looking back... cos we arent trading back in time it doesnt matter, we aree trading at the right edge and we take its signal from the right edge position

--- 帖子 #25 ---
The MACD placement is just as arbitrary and random on the right edge of the screen as it is any other part of the screen.

It is not tied to the stochastic levels. The stochastics are related to those levels because they are stochastic levels, they are not MACD levels.

The MACD is fitted onto the screen, to make it's highest point the same distance from the top of the pane as it's lowest point is from the bottom of the pane.

If it coincides with 15 or 85, it's pure accident.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Here's another example.

The first screenshot shows the Red MACD line well below the 15 (My yellow vertical line)

The second screenshot is the same thing, except I've merely zoomed out a notch.

At my yellow vertical line (same location as in the first shot), the MACD is almost half way up the scale.

The thing is not stable. The MACD 15 and 85  readings, you are using are illusions.

They are caused by MT4 trying to center the screen and fill it up. They have no relationship to what the MACD is actually doing.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
The MACD shift is not that big of a problem on a 4H chart because by the time it starts shifting you are days down the road and the trade is usually done by then. Remember from one line to the next is a week and if you see the shift in the next week your 5 days past the trade. Also notice the white line moved up and the blue line did not. With the bounce off of the 20 MA you know not to stay in the trade. It would still have been a profitable trade but a small one at that. The white line will give you a warning of the MACD shift because the blue does not go with it. That is the improvement I have over the previous version we had tried last year. This then could have been taken as a trend continuation trade. It also would have been a small profit or break even. The time frame of this trade your showing is about 36 hours, 9 bars. There is plenty of time to react. Also you dont have a clear cut move off of the BB bottom line, some trades will go sideways and there is not much there but either way there is no big loss here. I see you have a sell on this trade and am heading for trouble.

One last comment you dont have all the parameters of the trade. The red, white and blue are not bunch together below the 15 at the same time, they are spread out plus you are not at he bottom of the BB, so this is a very weak read of my system.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Bob,

The MACD line is serving absolutely no purpose.

If you don't see that by now, it's my fault for not being able to adequately explain it.

The shift you are talking about is not a shift from accurate to inaccurate. It is never accurate to begin with, in its relationship to the stochastics and their levels.

Trying to superimpose unlike indicators and using the levels of one for the other, is a common mistake.

It does not work.

I'll leave it alone. I've given it my best shot

--- 帖子 #29 ---
I'll make one last reply.

I was not addressing your system and whether that was a trade setup. I never claimed it was one.

I was showing you that the position of the MACD, the way you are superimposing it, is arbitrary and has no relationship to reality.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Sorry to disagree with you but I have been using this for almost 2 years and have taught it to a couple of friends. It does work very well on a 4H chart but not on lower end charts. My win ratio is over 70% and at times greater than 80%. The only weakness is long runners and they dont happen very often. When they do it is usually the aud, nzd, and cad currencies that do that. The white line warns you of these so that is a key read. Thanks for your input though, keeps me on my toes.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
i see what ur saying billbs...

easiest way to explain is go.. look at ur macd line and where it is at currently... now zoom in and out and see how it moves....

maby Bob can clarify but im pretty sure you should be seeing 4 weeks worth of data on 4hr

--- 帖子 #32 ---
To recap...

--- 帖子 #33 ---
The idea of the floating MACD is based on where it is at now. What it does after now, 1 week ago, 2 weeks ago, 3 weeks ago matters little. We dont need that information. MACD a lagging indicator does not move quickly with price so it stays steady until price has clearly changed but then its read is to slow in a ranging market. It is not a good indicator when price  is ranging. The sto is a great ranging indicator but horrible in trending markets. They both have strengths and weaknesses. If you combine them they help overcome each others weakness by using their strengths. If price is trending strongly the sto lines will stay on one side of the MACD. If there is a retracement in the trend the white will go with it, while MACD will move very little or none, and the blue sto may move a little. This is the MACD strength and using the Sto weakness to indicate trend is continuing. This will be confirmed by the 20MA in the BB. So the Sto weakness on its own becomes a strength in connection with the MACD. We see the quick reacting sto giving us a false signal but the blue and red staying steady so we continue with the trend. This weakness of over reacting then gives us a point of reentering with the trend. So even if you did take the trade. Price still moved in your favor but maybe only for a candle or two. Then it is back to the trend. So that is how the weaknesses of the two working together make a strength.

IF MACD continues to move in one direction and thus changing its position on the chart, the blue sto line stays with it confirming this strong trend. The BB visual on the screen showing a 45 degree angle will also confirm this. This is the reason I added the 3x3 cross on a 4H chart because it will not enter until there is a clear break with the normal trend. At this point you have stayed out of the trade and eliminating almost all the problem of the MACD shift. If price decides to shift back into the trend after you entered that will show up with the white line going back in the opposite direction.

So the white and blue lines are used to interpret the movement of the MACD. The EA keeps you out of the trade until there is a reversal move going on.  IF it is not a true turn around they will tell in plenty enough time to keep from getting a big loss. Again once your trade is in profit you put your stop losses and TS and TP in and you can monitor the trade. When you get a 3x3 cross on a 4H chart I have always seen some kind of profit, it is just a matter of getting your SL and TS and other things in. Sometimes it is just one candle that moves in the opposite direction but that is usually rare. Normally price will retrace at least a couple of candles on a 3x3 cross.

Any way if MACD has moved but that was 3 or 4 weeks ago on your chart. It makes no difference to what it is telling you now. Here is how it works. IF you turn on the EA for the trade it stays out until there is enough of a retrace to cause it to enter. I used to do this manually with some success but I would get whacked once in a while. That is because I couldnt wait for the reversal. With the EA waiting for you, my chances of succeeding went way up. I leave the entrance of the trade out of my hands because there is no such thing as an indicator that predicts reversals. This system gives you signals that it is probably coming but you dont know when. The 3x3 cross is what catches the reversal. The white and blue lines will tell you whether it is real or whiplash. I dont know how better you can make the system. It does keep the guess work out. When the 3x3 cross happens, enter, if white and blue got together stay in, if white only goes then get out. To me that is a good read and solves the MACD wandering problem.

I AM SORRY FOR THE DELAYS BUT I CANNOT GET THE REST OF THE FOLDERS TO UPLOAD. SOMETHING IS WRONG ON FF END BECAUSE I CAN GET ANYWHERE ELSE I WANT ON THE INTERNET. I ALSO AM HAVING TROUBLE POSTING.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
The above was an explanation of using the system to spot reversals and strong trends. When the market is ranging, the MACD line goes flat and gives you no indication of what is happening or is very difficult to read. Now the white and blue lines of a sto are at their best. BB is ranging flat, MACD is flat, now you have the great strength of a sto indicator to use. When both are above/below 85/15 and your on top/bottom of BB. That is a great signal. You turn the EA on and let it enter on the cross. If price suddenly takes off on you and begins running up the BB, the 3x3 cross has not happened and you are not in the trade. That 3x3 was designed to keep me out of the get in too early syndrome that plagued me with this system. I have always loved this system but that one trade running up the BB would kill me. Now I have a protection placed that protects me from one of my greatest trading weaknesses. The EA forces me to have the patience I dont have as a trader. Since I have been using it, I noticed sometimes it will take days for it to enter. That is a good thing. I showed you the GBP/NZD trade on page 1. I turned that on on Thursday and am still waiting for it to enter. I am sorry to admit I dont have that discipline but it does. So I want you to understand that I understand the MACD weakness and how I have dealt with it. It still is a great indicator.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
I am going to try to post the rest of the system here. Let us see what happens. OK someone is blocking me posting the system. Here is the message.
ERROR

The requested URL could not be retrieved

While trying to retrieve the URL: http://www.forexfactory.com/newattachment.php?

The following error was encountered:    Read Error     The system returned:
(104) Connection reset by peer   An error condition occurred while reading data from the network.  Please retry your request.

Your cache administrator is webmaster.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
OK here are some more. Maybe I can get this stuff loaded. Here are the EAs

--- 帖子 #37 ---
here are the indicators and templates

--- 帖子 #38 ---
here are the profiles and scripts

--- 帖子 #39 ---
The music wave still wont load but all the important stuff did

--- 帖子 #40 ---
To show how MACD can distort if you go to far back in time here is the Eur/chf for the year and for the last month. The big spike early in the year would distort all the other MACD reads but that happened months ago and has no relevance to now. So getting a 4 week read gives you a good handle on what is happening. I want to make sure you understand the why's of the system. Why that spike months ago has no effect on decisions of today and seeing what is happening over the last two or three weeks is what is really relevant to this system. I hope you understand what I am trying to say.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
I tried your combo of sto and I did not get the same results. Could your show all the numbers including which indicator you are using Sto versus Sto Oscillator, whether you used lwma or simple or ??? I could not duplicate your results. Thanks for your input even though I may have not understood your point. Sometimes I am so focused on getting these files up that I did not read your post thoroughly or understood it enough. Please try again.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
A stochastic and a stochastic oscillator are the same thing.

MT4 calls it a stochastic oscillator, some other charting applications simply call it a stochastic.

1st screen shot:

Your MACD in the top indicator pane. It is RED.

The 26/12/9 Stochastic in the bottom indicator pane. It is YELLOW.

The other two stochastics (7,3,3 and 14,5,3) are the same in both panes.

The Sto 12/26/9 gives virtually the same wave shape as your MACD. It does not drift and shift. It maintains its relative position with the other two stochastics and with the stochastic levels (15 and 85). You can look at it now or 20 weeks ago, and it will be the same.

2nd and 3rd screenshots:

The set up for the Stochastic 26/12/9, using the MT4 basic "Stochastic Oscillator" indicator.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
I believe there are better settings for the Long Term Stochastic than 12/26/9, to accomplish what you want.

It can be made more responsive with less lag.

I made it 12/26/9, to reproduce your MACD.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
OK I see the difference. It matches the MACD of MT4 but not the True MACD I am using. There are some variations. The True MACD is not as smooth and is more responsive than MT4 MACD. It goes higher and lower than the sto settings you use and the MT4 MACD. That is why I use it, the signal is clearer. I have tried different settings with STO but I dont get the same reads as I do with the MACD. One thing you have to remember about MACD, the only reading that matters is the one that is now. What it shows two weeks later is useless info. The problem you will find with a fixed sto or any other indicator and many are going to suggest other indicators is--no fixed indicator knows when there is a direction change in price action. With a movable MACD always rising/lowering you always know at that point it is giving a signal and then other indicators tell what price is doing in relation to that signal. Is it continuing the trend, is it retracing, or is it changing direction. I have tried many other indicators but MACD because it does keep moving will allow the other indicators to show you how price action relates to it. So a Sto indicator, which you are suggesting with different numbers will start coming off the top where MACD will stay there and keep sliding. Then the read comes off of the blue and white relationship with BB. White moves but not blue, trend continues and so on. I have tried some sto settings and I dont get the same kind of reads as I do with MACD.  The clincher is the  EA entrance. It will wait for a cross before getting in. I cant tell you what a life saver that thing is because it is the one thing that will wait out a run and get you in when it is over. Here is a USD/CHF trade my EA got me in on Monday and didnt get rewarded until late Friday. I will take half first thing Monday and then ride the other half and see how far it goes. Notice MACD sat on the bottom all week. Maybe two weeks from now price will reverse and push the MACD up into the middle of the chart but that wont mean a thing then. The trade is over by then. So right now the sliding MACD doesnt cause me any problems because on a 4H chart it takes so long for the slide to happen the trade is over.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Bob just emailed me to let you all know he is currently being blocked access to the Forex Factory site.... i presume its a China related thing...

--- 帖子 #46 ---
That means he will not be able to post here any more?

May be we can move to another forum for discussion.

I read have read through the the whole document Bob posted.

Thanks Bob. Don't think he can see this though.

I have 1 question, may be white can help to answer that.

When Bob say "close 1/2 and see if 1/2 rides or not" (page 16, 3rd paragraph of End of week2),

does he mean, close out the trade and open another trade in the same direction?

--- 帖子 #47 ---
The problem I have is an internet problem China has a country wide firewall. Sometimes I cannot get out. Close half means to close 1/2 of the trade and keep the other half going. Place  your SL so you still will keep a profit and follow price to the bottom of the BB. You can then decide to close all or keep it going. Reset your SL as you go keeping as much profit as possible.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Interesting that I posted a  poll and after the market is open for less than 12 hours people are reporting their gains or losses. Interesting

--- 帖子 #49 ---
How are you closing half a position? Are you opening two positions when you first place the trade?

--- 帖子 #50 ---
How do you bypass the 3/3 cross if say you see a nice setup for a non trend trade and you don't want to wait for the cross? If you start the trade manually then switch on the EA, will the EA manage it from there? Thanks

--- 帖子 #51 ---
This EA does not manage trades, it only starts the trade. You have to put in the SL TP etc. The reason I did this is because of the great variance of the different currencies. The GBP/NZD maybe 200 pip back to the 20MA of the BB while another currency it may only be 30. So I leave that up to you. So you can enter manually and set up the trade your self. I do that at strong support and resistance points instead of waiting for the cross.

If you want a managed trade you can use the 60x90, 100/40 or some other of my EAs. They could manage the trade for you but they will reenter when the trade is closed. This system is really a manually trading system that only uses an EA to start the trade.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
With IBFX if I have a 2 lot trade I can close 1 lot out at any time and keep the other lot going. There maybe brokers that dont allow you to do that but I can with IBFX

--- 帖子 #53 ---
I recommended the following using my system this morning.

NZD/JPY up 87 pips put my stop loss at 50 so guaranteed winner

gbp/nzd was up 100 but now break even. I wasnt home to put my safeties in.

eur/gbp has not entered yet, went on a run the wrong way but the EA kept me out.

eur/nzd-closed 2/3 of this trade for +60 and will ride 1/3 SL at 45 so guaranteed winner

aud/jpy up 112pips put my SL at 90 so guaranteed winner

USD/JPY up 85 SL at 50 so guaranteed winner.

Remember to tun your SL on to a winning trade, now you cant lose. So far I have guaranteed 250 pips in winnings, no losers, one break even and one not entered. Also turn off the EA when you have your trade parameters set. Other wise it will take profit and the EA will enter again on you and you may not want that. I am happy with that.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
These are trades I have already taken or just set up. Beginning of Eur or beginning of USA session check. I will try harder to get these to you sooner but you can look at the charts and see why I think they are tradeable. Mondays I teach all day so it is difficult for me to do eur open trades on Monday.

These are primary trades

chf/jpy

eur/cjf

gbp/chf

usd/cad

usd/sgd

2 secondary trades, these are a little more tricky but I am trying them

eur/usd

usd/chf

REMEMBER WHEN I SAY I HAVE ENTERED THE TRADE IT MEANS I TURNED THE EA ON. IT DOES NOT MEAN I ENTERED THE TRADE. THE EA SAVED ME ON THE EUR/GBP TRADE. I WOULD HAVE ENTERED TOO EARLY IF I HAD NOT USED THE EA. I AM STILL WAITING FOR THE ENTRANCE ON THAT ONE.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
If you are not in the CHF/JPY trade as a buy do not get in now too late. I took my profit when it hit the BB 20MA line. Because of the angle of the BB look out for the whiplash back south. This maybe an example of a trend following trade. The other reason I think it will go south is because the CHF is a primary trade going south on the GBP/CHF and a secondary trade on the USD/CHF. You can use other currency pairs to help you determine these decisions. So after taking my buy profit I am going to play it as a trend continuing with the two others showing me CHF sells as a primary and secondary trades.  Currencies will often move together of the same pair if the fundamentals are strong enough. Dont know why the CHF would do this, I dont follow fundamentals that strongly but you can sometimes see it in chart signals.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Looks good. All stops moved to BE, took profit on audusd, and looking at closing out a few other steep angled ones depending on the next few hours.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
I closed all my trades from Monday/Sunday JPY session. My results were

gbp/nzd +145 actually I could have kept this one I see it broke resistance but oh well.

NZD/JPY +300 W&B above 85 and at top of BB

E/GBP has just entered so see what happens

E/ZDN hit my SL profit at +40, it went over 300 but oh well.

Aud/jpy +300 closed W&B above 85 and at top of BB

nzd/jpy +160 closed W&B above 85 and at top of BB

total for day one= 945 pips  I believe that is my best one day ever. I am going to take my wife out to dinner tonight.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
My Monday pre USA open picks

chf/jpy +100 took profit at BB middle--looked like a possible whiplash but did not happen. I put a sell EA on for the whip lash, it did not enter. Trade did not whip lash so all EAs were removed.

Eur/chf just entered

Gbp/chf just entered

USD/CAD nice run but it hit my TS at +77

USD/SGD closed at +50 bottom of BB

Total for 2nd round trades +224

Total all day = 1172

GOD I broke the 1000 pip barrier for one day EGADS. That is scary. Yes I could have let some run longer and placed some of my TS and SL tight but WOW, YAHOO, OH MY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE people dont expect this to be normal. It was not but DANG.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
All of these pairs are secondary trades. B&W are above/below 15/85, top or bottom of BB and are at a major support or resistance level. If they break and continue the trend the EA wont enter until the 3x3 cross. If they change direction the EA will put you in. Choose the ones you think maybe best but if they enter be tight with them and cover yourself with break even SL. Maybe they work Maybe not.

nzd/usd,nzd/jpy,nzd/chf,chf/usd,eur/nzd, eur/chf,eur/aud,aud/usd,aud/jpy,aud/nzd aud/chf, aud/cad

The aud/nzd I actually put on at the mid usa session and it has entered.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Verto secure your profits and put your SL at mid BB. Close 1/2 or all, if you put the S&R indicator on you will see they are all at some S/R point. The only thing you can play for now is that they will break S/R and continue running. So close all and take your profit Or close half and let the rest run. Good luck. I am still a WOW look at the proft grab it now trader still.  I still cant believe I did over 1100 pips in one day.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
I think I picked the worst day to start. Seeing as how its like one of the top days for this system. ahahahah. sighhhh

edit: It is just demo bob and sadly they are all 0.01 lots so I can't close half off... I got my stops to BE + half open profits so no worries there. Just demoing the system for now though so no big rush for me haha.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
I was going to edit my other post asking this but I've noticed that the EA enters before the arrows paint sometimes... it appears that the EA doesn't use the close of the bar but the cross?

Just wondering.. you said your gbpchf just entered but mine entered yesterday when I threw it on seeing we were overbought. It has since reentered at -150.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Do u have a SL when it enter the trade ? Where did u put the SL ?

--- 帖子 #64 ---
The EA has a 1000 pip SL but if you change it, put the S&R on your screen and put the SL on the other side of a S&R line. The EA will do a reenter every 150 or 200 pips depending on which one your doing if price moves against you. I rarely do stop losses I close my trades manually if I dont like one. I will let a bad trade hit a R/S line and enter a countertrade and get the loss back to as close as zero as possible. You can only do this if you dont overmargin your account. If you play too high of lots to the amount of money you have in your account you need short SL. For instance if a trade goes 1000 pips against me it is about 5-10% of my account. The only way it will get that bad is if I am playing a major news story. Since I dont try to trade the big news stories I havent had that problem for almost 6 months now. If you use the EA you may put the trailing stop at 30 -50 pips so when the EA enters it brings you up to break even after price moves 30-50 pips. Then turn the EA off and manage your trade. I wait for the EA to enter and then I manage my trade manually. When you manage your trade then you put your SL, TS, etc. in based on which pair it is.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
OK dont know what to say, The warning system I believe waits for the close of the bar to warn so that may happen. Did not realize that until now. I know the EA does not. This is how I would handle that trade to keep you from whiplash. If price has brought your trade to around break even close all of them and restart or close the losing one and bring your SL so if it whip lashes you still are close to break even. You are at a better location for the trade and back to level one. I do this often and I stay out of trouble that way. So that is how I would handle it. I dont use my own warning system, I go by the lines and turn the EA on and let it handle it. I am not home all day so it does me little good.

I may have to change the warning system.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
It is demo so I'm not worried. If price moves back to my level 1 I was just going to close that one out but leave the other trade running at +20 or something, no worries. I think it is better for the Arrows to paint on a close of the bar, to keep it from repainting.. within a 4hr candle if the ma cross doesn't wait for close it could repaint a ton of times. The thing is the EA just gets you in earlier.. or in the case of this trade at a bad time because it doesn't wait for the close.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
I'm up $21 trading .02 lots for the first day. Looking good!

--- 帖子 #68 ---
As I remarked in the e-mail I sent your system has raised my trading to a higher level and although I use your 4 hour system EA it also gives me the courage to enter manually whenever the blue and white stochastic are in the overbought or oversold area.  As a result I have made a good number of pips.  Thanks for your system.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
i know what you mean im using it as a confirmation of PA and S+R setups, also using the EA aswell...

ive also manipulated the EA to take daily signals off a 2ma cross... some of the daily signals can be quite strong.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Also I am using more and more the S/R indicator and putting my second position manually off of them instead of using the fixed pip number that the EA uses. Get better second position entrances. Hey I can load pics again.

Here is an Aud/Cad with support and resistance lines.If you use the EA as price bounces off it will enter. If it breaks through it does not. You can also put a sell in right at those lines and put a SL above the line for a more traditional trade scenario.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
mhmm fractals are very strong sometimes and make for good s/r at times.

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Now you know why I hate traditional trading tactics. Price went up to exactly my SL and started to come back down again. I havent done a traditional trade like that in probably a year and got the same results I have always gotten. Spike and knockout. Lost about 30 pips. I sometimes think the computer programs are designed to do that. Here is the 1 hour chart showing the spike that knocked me out.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
A possible variation of the trend continuation trade. Bob has advised that white line should be OB or OS, with red between white and blue. I've noticed that any time white gets 40-50 points away from blue (regardless of where red is and white doesn't have to be OB or OS) it looks like a good time to turn the EA on to catch the snap back.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
3 primary trades have come up EUR/CHF, GBP/CHF, GBP/USD

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
hey Bob thanks for the killer system

what do you think about GBPJPY right now. it looks like it could drop...

--- 帖子 #76 ---
According to this system the GBPUSD is the much much much better trade if you are looking for gbp weakness.

--- 帖子 #77 ---
I shorted as soon as I saw the double top on the 4 hour, and the EA ahs entered a trade too. See how it goes.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
We didnt get anything on the secondary trades yesterday. Only a couple of them entered and some have just entered as second level trades. Except for the Aud/NZD which is at a double top, none are in any serious trouble. If it breaks the double top I will have to take a loss on that one. The Eur/Cad also entered but I closed that one at a -33 loss because its signal is now lost and the lines are all in never, never land. So I closed that one out. So this is what I see for starting at the JPY session and I like what I see. Lots of choices for trades.

Primary trades:

aud/cad aud/chf              almost primary  aud/usd aud/jpy eur/aud

eur/chf eur/gbp

gbp/chf gbp/usd

secondary but watch very closely, dont hang in them if a S/R is broken

chf/jpy eur/jpy eur/nzd eur/usd

gbp/jpy nzd/chf nzd/jpy nzd/usd usd/cad usd/jpy

most of these currencies the white is crossing the red but the blue has not moved much. They maybe good trades because of the double top or double bottom from 1-2 weeks ago. If they break the double top or bottom I would not stay with them.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
The gbp/jpy, the 3 NZD, eur/nzd, eur/jpy, chf/jpy, and aud/nzd are all giving approximately the same signal. They may or maynot be a good trade. What you want to watch out for is the whiplash trade. They are all at that stage. I play them tight because they all can whiplash or take off for a nice run. The difficulty will be if they hit or get close to the 20MA line of the BB. that is where they could swing and become a trend continuation trade. That spot is showing to be a strong Support line if you put the S/R indicator on. So all of those currencies could bog down there or break through or bounce back up. That is one where I will take 1/2 profit, bring in a break even SL and let the rest ride and see if you get that breakthrough. I put a big gold line through all those S/R places.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
If you look at the Pic gbp/jpy above what usually happens is this is a retracement in an uptrend. The red line is angling up and white is coming down and blue is undecided at this point. You probably will not get a big move out of it but something over 100 pips is most likely then it will go into ranging mode or uptrend continuation. If you look at the last 4 weeks of action this area is a range area.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Not much happened to day. I regret not taking the gbp/jpy when it was +150 up but I thought it would go farther but now I am back to even. Closed some trades out when I thought werent going anywhere. Eur/cad, eur/aud -83. USD/JPY +96 USD/CHF +79 so up +92 for the day. Have a bunch of trades that havent gone anywhere yet. A couple spiked in the wrong direction at the news story but entered second level and see what happens. GBP/USD and GBP/CHF are hanging high in the air waiting to come down. Not entering any new trades at the mid USA session. So we wait to see where price goes next.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
You summarised the trade quite well, with the explanation of the indicators and their positions.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
how long are you gonna hold on to GBPCHF if it doesn't turn around Bob?

--- 帖子 #84 ---
I will play it through the JPY session. This is where I wait for my retracement. If I dont get my retracements I will take my losses. Dont want to hit the eur session in the hole and then get into serious trouble.  I manually entered a sell  at this point. Also the gbp/usd. If by before Eur session I havent got it. I will take my loss and reenter. Both of these I am looking for my best out. Try to get as small as a loss as possible. All my profits  I am taking except the NZD I set my TP and TS. Also did the same with chf/jpy. Currencies that havnt gone anywhere many I have closed. All my Aud trades I have closed for profit.

I opened these trades this morning, I mean put on the ea for these: Eur/chf, aud/usd, gbp/nzd. Looking to close out most of my trades open during this jpy session. Probably will have a losing session but trying to keep it at a minimum. I have closed several at profit now try to minimize my losses.

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Closed USD/JPY for +127

Aud/jpy +40

AUD/CAD +80

Aud/nzd +50

Eur/jpy +5

Eur/nzd -30

I subtracted the losing total from the positive totals instead of reporting each level. I look good on my closes right now but that could change with the closure of the GBP trades. Hopefully they will retrace.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
im noticing maby 70% success rate, Id advise that if a pair opens and lingers for a while or drops a little to close it if the signal (red,white and blue + BB etc) change... also once something goes to level 2, im looking to get out at a small loss or break even then if the signals still there start from level 1 again.

EDIT: im only running 2 levels, so this may be different depending on your re-entry signals

--- 帖子 #87 ---
I am going to try a new strategy on run ups. I will let you know how it goes. What I did was take the EA off the screen on GBP/CHF and GBP/USD and closed the first positions that had opened. I kept the other positions. This way I am no longer deep in the trade. Now both of my trades are inside 200 points and I am at a good location for a retracement or change of direction. I have 5 positions open now between the 2 currencies and only one is more than 100 pips in the hole. This maybe a way to get rid of a bad trade but still keep positions that may be solid. Now I dont plan on closing all the positions before the Eur session. I will let you know how it goes.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
thanks for the insight Bob

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Well, I dont know what happened but GBP dropped like a rock and took my profit and got out before I lost it. WOW. Hundreds of pips there. I might have been stupid to do that but after sweating it out for two days. I wasnt quite sure what happened. All of them have dropped 250+ so far. So I am happy. I placed TP another 100 pips away with TS and see what happens.  I am all smiles now. Glad I didnt close out but just dropped the wost ones. I am home free. The only thing left is should I have stayed in or was I smart to get out. ONe thing I have learned about this business is to be happy with profit. I will tally the results later. WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #90 ---
I put EA buy on aud/cad, usd/jpy and usd/chf. Closed my eur/gbp wow did that one move too over 130.

--- 帖子 #91 ---
I am all out of the GBP trades, they all retraced and hit my TS. So now that you mentioned it I went ahead and turned on the EAs again to see what would happen. My results for the week are this +2054 gained, -1165 lost for 889 pips. However, two losses that I closed this morning, GBP/CHF and GBP/USD were the first entrance trades I had talked about. They were total 889 pips. If I had hung on to them that would have knocked 250 for each one or 500 pips, but I did not play it that way. Anyway, I am happy with the results so far. Even though those were the two biggest losses they also were my smallest lot numbers, so I still made a nice profit on those two currencies. I cant decide if I should report pips per trade or break it down to single lots. In other words should I report them as .01 is -100 or +100 and .02 as +200 or -200 on a 100 pip move. I dont now which one reflects the better knowledge of what is happening. The only real accurate measure I think is not pips but increase of account. That is at 12% for the week, which is very good for me. In fact that is very high. So how to report results is sometimes questionable.

Anyway I see my poll numbers show half of the people think this system is rotten but how could you say that after 3 days. I mean I love the results. Oh well, we will see over time. Some people really got hung up on the MACD moving but that is not a real problem with  a 4H chart in my opinion especially with reentries being 200 pips apart and being able to read that white line.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
can i ask why you put the EA on for those currencies? the MACD doesn't seem to be in oversold if i understsnd the system correctly..

congrats on the results btw!

--- 帖子 #93 ---
what about GBPUSD? is there a sell signal for this pair right now?

--- 帖子 #94 ---
If a currency has been giving a signal and it drops in price and then goes back to its original point, for instance like a double top or head/shoulder movement. I will go ahead and replay it even though the actual signal may not be there. It is basically the same trade all over again but it is going into its reversal pattern or there is a battle between the bears and the bulls. Price dropped 250+ points on all the gbp pairs so I will play them again. GBP/NZD has dropped for a nice profit already but the gbp/usd continues to go up. Interesting Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde going on here.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
yes.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
I think I just learned something new about Forex trading. I see today many of the European banks are on holiday which means a long weekend. I think many traders closed their positions on currencies that were moving strongly yesterday so they wouldnt be caught off guard with the long weekend. Maybe just a wild guess but that seems logical to me. Still amazed at that sudden strong GBP moves yesterday.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Hi Nanningbob,

Nice system! Congrats on your success so far.

I think the strong GBP moves were possibly a result of the Retail Sales m/m news that came out early this morning? I was in a GBP/JPY long trade (using a different system) and just before 3:30 AM CST the pair started plummeting. In trying to figure out why I checked the FF news page and saw the red flag sign on this particular news event. So I am assuming it had something to do with that? Anyway... I waited the down move out moving my stop several times until the pair retraced and got all of the loss back.

I am going to study your system a little further. Keep up the good work!

adsanders

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Hi Nanningbob

Looks like you got a really good simple system going here, have been watching it all week & will continue to do so, thanks.

See extract below for explanation of yesterdays moves in GDP -

May 21 (Bloomberg) -- The pound dropped against every major currency after Standard and Poor’s signaled Britain may lose its top credit rating for the first time as the government’s finances deteriorate amid the economic slump.

The U.K. currency had its biggest decline in a week versus the dollar and dropped the most in two weeks against the euro after S&P lowered the outlook on the U.K.’s AAA rating to “negative” from “stable.” The dollar traded near an two- month low against the yen amid speculation the U.S. Federal Reserve will print more cash to boost purchases of assets to counter the global slump. The euro rose to a four-month high against the dollar after a European manufacturing and services survey beat economists’ forecasts.

Full article on Bloomberg

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Arnyboy and Adsanders thanks for the input. Thought I had discovered something but Oh well.  Just one of those wild guesses. Actually I wish FF published news like that. I dont know if those announcement, credit ratings, are planned or they come out of the blue. I was lucky this time. I got clobbered when they downgraded NZD several months ago but I find nowhere where that info. is known in advance. Is that possible or is that news dropped like a bomb out of nowhere???

--- 帖子 #100 ---
My pre Euro positions, here are some primary trades and potential arriving primary trades. Pick and choose which ones you like best. I am also including the support and resistance indicator if you wish to enter. Sometimes they bounce off and give you an entrance or they break for one last long run before the turnaround or retrace. Cant predict those, I just know that is where the action will probably happen.

Ok looks like it is Eur and USD currency time for Primary trades. Some are there and have been for a couple of days and some are almost there. I have shown the aud/nzd as an almost. Eur/aud, Eur/Chf, Eur/USD. The GBP/USD and USD/CHF worries me some because it is sitting on top/below a previous resistance/support lines. Old resistance lines make good support and visa versa so it could shoot up/down from there. If your in several levels like I am if it breaks north/south you may just want to get out instead of playing it.

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Here is a possible trend continuation trade. These look great after the fact but are really hard to predict in real time. The only reason I post it is because the other AUD currencies pairs look to be going south so that is the only confirmation I have that this is possible. I am not going to play it at this time but I showed the pick to show how one looks at the time you may want to try and entry. If you play this go with a fairly short SL on the other side of the 20 BB MA. They make a lot of pips when you get one but like I said tricky to predict exactly. Anyway here is one I think has a chance to be one.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Here are a couple of secondary trades. I hope they do . Again these are easier to see after the fact. Seeing these bouncing off of S/R is the best predictor and then SL on the other side of the S/R line I think is the best play. The EUR/JPY and EUR/CAD have a really strong resistance here so I think it is a good trade. With other EUR currencies at Primary trades this all gives good confirmation that the EURO may go south for a while. The flat red line shows we are in an area of ranging so is looks like a good trade to me.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
If you are entering trades on friday will you let them open over the weekend? Monday may see some high spreads. Seems like with this strategy it's safer to hold over the weekend and would alot of times be required to avoid drawdowns by closing negative open trades at the end of each week. I know it's best to start getting out near the end of the week and be completely out by friday but what if your floating loss is high on friday?

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Yes you can hold onto trades over the weekend because I only enter two levels deep and then decide to do something with the trade. That is the beauty of the 180-200 reentry. It is like this Eur/USD trade that just wont retrace right now. I am three levels deep with it so I am not really in any serious trouble as long as I get some retracement soon. If it doesnt retrace, I will take out the earliest entrance and be back to a two level trade. I like the flexibility that gives me. I hope to keep my losses smaller that way as compared with my other systems where that wouldnt work as well with the multiple reentries and larger reentries. So if price breaks north I will take a loss on one trade but still hope to salvage the other two. You can call it my stop loss area. That is my new rule, my stop loss is at the third entrance area if price continues to go against you. I did this earlier on the GBP/USD and it seemed like a good idea. If I dont get my retrace soon I will just close the one trade and play like I have two entrances and go for a small profit or break even. The first trade I close will be one of my rare losses. At least that is what I am hoping for. I think that is a major major impovement over some of my other systems. I posted the multiplication at 1.0 but I am using 1.5. So if you start with .02, then .03. then .05 and get rid of the .02 if you dont get the retrace and just take that as a losing trade. Try to break even with the .03 and . 05 trades and when they do. You still are near the top and you start a fresh trade at .02 and see if it will run. You also can go another 3 levels deep or 4-500 pips in the hole. with the red, white and blue still at the top, price has to give a some point of time. I hope I explained that in a way that is understandable but that, to me anyways, stops the big loss, death trade, that would occasionally happen. Does that make sense to you??

The gbp/usd has retraced two times in the last two days and broke above even the first time but the second time was a nice profit. Now I am looking at a third since it has gone up to hit that resistance line a third time. I have made up for the loss I took earlier when I closed the losing trade and I still have the potential of the break south for a nice profit. So that worked very well the first time I tried that. I still am waiting for price direction change and I am not at a loss on the currency.

What is mildly frustrating is the Eur/usd usually moves in a similar pattern with the gbp/usd and it hasnt this time. But again so far not a problem at this point. Now if it moves up all the way to closing and then gaps on me on Monday then it may become a problem but at this point it is liveable. If price continues to move against me I will close that first trade and leave the others running to deal with like I did above with the gbp/usd. This will keep my losses to a minimum if I do it right.  If you look at the charts price seems to keep moving in the same direction for a while after the weekend. That is difficult for a non trend following system but works better with a trend following system.

The 180x200 is doing good this week but I have changed it some since I posted it. I will post about that this weekend and why the change.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Mr Nanningbob,

I have downloaded the files and moved them to where you say in your instructions but I am getting the dreaded "waiting for update".  I have deleted and done it again on alpari and even opened an demo acct with your broker but still no luck.   Can you shed any light on what I may be doing incorrectly?  Thanks

DJ

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Hi Nanningbob,

I am sure you are already probably aware but if not... for future refernce... FF does have the entire coming weeks news schedule listed including the NZD news on the news tab above. I am not sure how acurate the different signs are (red yellow, etc.) but I have already experienced two different crazy movements close to or right after one of the news breaks when they had flagged them red. So I am making it a point to check their news page every day so I will at least have some idea of what could happen and at what time.

Keep up the good work!

adsanders

--- 帖子 #107 ---
This makes perfect sense to me Bob. I like this idea. Price has to retrace sooner or later and you're controlling margin used while you're waiting. On the multiple entries I'm using a mult. of 2.0 with a $2000 account so maybe I should back that down to 1.5.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Go to Market watch. It will open a side bar on the left side of your screen. Right click on the screen and click on Show all. Then drag each currency over to its individual screen. That should fix the problem. Save the Profile and you are ready to go.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
I dial back the multiplication because I only use 2-300 dollars in my account for now so with this new way of keeping atrade 1.5 or somewhere in that area should keep losses to a minimum I think. This maybe the one thing we have been missing in my systems, controlling losses during a perfect storm. Also, manually putting in your reentries at the S/R lines instead of a set figure may give you your maximum profit. We can now add pending orders to the system to get our best entrances. The buy limit and sell limit seem to be the best ones for my system unless you are playing that price will break the S/R then you want to use Buy Stop and Sell Stop. On the Buy orders is there anyway you can get it to go on the Bid price instead of the Ask??

Pending Order

Pending order is the client's  commitment to the brokerage company to  buy or sell a security at a pre-defined price in the  future. This type of orders is used for opening of a trade position provided the  future quotes reach the pre-defined level. There are four types of pending  orders available in the terminal:
Buy Limit  — buy provided the  future "ASK" price is equal to the pre-defined value. The current price level is  higher than the value of the placed order. Orders of this type are usually  placed in anticipation of that the security price, having fallen to a certain  level, will increase;  Buy Stop  — buy provided the  future "ASK" price is equal to the pre-defined value. The current price level is  lower than the value of the placed order. Orders of this type are usually placed  in anticipation of that the security price, having reached a certain level, will  keep on increasing;  Sell Limit — sell provided the future "BID" price is equal  to the pre-defined value. The current price level is lower than the value of the  placed order. Orders of this type are usually placed in anticipation of that the  security price, having increased to a certain level, will fall;  Sell Stop — sell provided the future "BID" price is equal to the  pre-defined value. The current price level is higher than the value of the  placed order. Orders of this type are usually placed in anticipation of that the  security price, having reached a certain level, will keep on falling.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
What I want to know is the specific time and dates for upgrading or downgrading a currencies credit rating. This news has a big effect on currencies and it would be nice to know when they are happening.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Hmmm.... I have no idea. Oh well at least maybe someone else will learn something about the news page and how the news effects movement. I just know I am going to be paying attention to it from now on.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
There are not many news stories that will go beyond the range of my EAs but Interest rates are one and changes in a currencies debt rating is another. But I do not know where to find that 2nd piece of info. The first time I ran into that news stories I got beat up pretty bad. this time I was blessed. I would prefer to know about those ahead of time though.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
I'm going to alter the 3/3 cross trigger to a 1/1 this week and see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #114 ---
im currently using the 3/3 for the 4hr chart and a 2/2 for the daily chart....  signal on both 4hr chart and daily are quite powerful... and i find the daily signal slightly better than 4hr atm... we will see in time however...

Bob what sorta of settings are you using for re-entries, whats your SL, or are you manging the trade so you effectively have no SL?

im currently doing 500SL, 3 entries 200pips apart. 1.5x. I was using a 300SL but was too small in hindsight. In my simulations ive been running on weekends a 400SL will usually keep you out of most trouble.... however this was when the markets were less volatile...

--- 帖子 #115 ---
I have a 1000 SL which is like no stop loss. I am trying reentries at S/R lines instead of fixed numbers and I am exiting trades at the 3rd reentry. I either take out the 1st entrance or if there is a retrace I close them all and start over.

--- 帖子 #116 ---
It sure would be nice if the Eur/usd would finally retrace. It basically has gone a whole week without one, which is very unusual and very rare. So far I have not had to take a loss with it yet but I am close to taking out my first level trade. Hopefully we will see some kind of meaningful retrace and I can get out with very little damage.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
i'm also looking for EURUSD to drop. thankfully i just got in a first level trade so i can go another 600 pips or so higher..

--- 帖子 #118 ---
does anyone think USDCAD will go up this week?

--- 帖子 #119 ---
ive already moved my stop loss to break even

--- 帖子 #120 ---
nice

--- 帖子 #121 ---
I dont know where I am in telling you guys stuff but today I closed the nzd/chf after the gap went in my direction for +33. I also closed the eur/nzd for +162. Took a buy late Friday and it gapped off the bottom of the BB with white and blue on the bottom. Ended up being a nice trade.

Mid way through the eur I closed eur/cad for +43, usd/sgd for +38 on all open positions and usd/jpy +38. I missed the aud/nzd Sun. as a primary. I had taken a nzd/jpy and my sell EA entered but I closed it when it bounced off the 20MA BB. It looked too much like a trend continuation so that was a -41.

I put buy EA on aud/cad, aud/nzd, as primary and also aud/chf because I did the other two and it had blue and white on the bottom. Not a clear cut primary trade and not a clear cut range but I played it like it was. If the USD quits fading I will be very happy. Would like to see a retrace sometime today to close out some positions. Some positions have moved to profit but want a bit more.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
id be wary its jsut broken thorugh pretty obvious support area and is now hitting it as resistance...

food for thought

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Well I am not in the trade until price moves enough to set off the EA. That is the beauty of it.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
jsut letting you know for profit targets

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Well, it is holiday time in the USA today so nothing much is going to happen today. Enjoy watching the bouncing ball.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Some currencies have lost their signals and didnt go any where so I closed them plus took a couple of profits. I closed one of my open eur/usd to use later if I needed a new entrance. So a small profit for the day. Did not see any new positions to take. So off to bed.

gbp/chf -8

aud/jpy -16

eur/usd -50

eur/nzd +40

EUR/CHF +65

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Currencies are finally moving in my favor, most are in some kind of profit now so will hang onto them through to noon and check then. Several I ensured my profit by setting profitable stop losses and put trailing stops on them. Closed USD/CHF for +82 and closed Aud/Cad because it looked like a trend continuation for -36. After closing the gbp/chf I reopened the position for a sell because all the other GBP are going south and this could bounce off of the BB 20MA. Since it is right there at the MA line I manually entered that trade. I manually entered it with half of what I normally trade because I consider it a higher risk trade. Hopefully after sitting on some of these trades for 4 or 5 days it is time for them to move in my direction.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
the gbpchf is a strong one for short, its a trade 2 type and if you look on the daily the red and blue is near the 85... also for those with more traditional manual trading indicators see attachded chart....

confluence of trend lines... bit of horizontal resistance above, also a 'hanging man' pattern a few days back which it has failed to go above...

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Thanks for the insight. So far the trade has kind of just sat there but so has almost every other trade. Very very quiet week so far unless you have USD trades and they are doing this very slow fade kind of like slow torture.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Closed some positions only the first levels, the pip loss may seem big but they are the lowest lot numbers. USD/CAD -480 and GBP/JPY -380 kept the other positions open and am now free to add a position at a good S/R point. AUD/NZD -4 the large pip spread caused this trade not to make any profit so I got out. Just didnt look like it was going to go anywhere.

USD/CHF primary and AUD/CHF secondary trades look like my only good trades for now. The are double bottom or double top. I also entered the Eur/Jpy as a secondary trade. OK, not much happening right now.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
hi Bob would you mind explaining why you took the EURJPY trade? i don't think i quite understand the rules for secondary trades and i would like to incorporate them in my trading if they can help. thanks

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Here is the pic. If blue and white are above/below 15/85 and red line is somewhat flat. You can take the trade. I also used S/R in my decision and manually traded it right at the Resistance/Support line.  You can see in the second pic the same kind of trade. However, if you look two weeks earlier you could have taken a secondary trade and it go against you. The white and blue stayed glued to the bottom and you had a trade run against you. I try not to be patient with the trades when they break S/R lines. Do not do this trade if the BB MA line is steep or the red line is steep.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
thanks!

--- 帖子 #134 ---
looks like there is a primary trade setup on EURGBP...

--- 帖子 #135 ---
I see aud/cad eur/cad and eur/gbp as  primaries

and gbp/nzd as secondaries

I closed some of my Eur/USD for profit, I am staying in my NZD and USD trades. The blue and white lines are moving close together showing a strong move, they could finally make a move today. Hopefully.

I closed my usd/jpy as a trend continuing, the sell I had on -20. I missed putting on my profits and SL 8 hours ago, bad move on my part. If it breaks resistance you can do a buy as a trend continuation trade. The pink arrow is where I missed my close or putting in my guaranteed win SL and TS. The yellow arrow is where I can enter if it breaks resistance.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
I have come up with a formula that almost literally guarantees a break even on almost any trade. I hope I can explain it in a way you can understand. I will call it 242424 strategy and a variation242646. If you think in boxes of 400 pips every 200 pips I think you can understand how this works. I am only going to show this in the worst case scenario. Any other price action and you make a profit.

Trade A is entered with .20 lots and it goes 200 pips against you. You then enter .40 lots. If price reverses 70-80 pips in your favor, (depending on currency and spread) you are at break even with the trade. You go from there. If price continues to go against you another 200 pips. You reenter .20, if price goes back to the .40 entrance, 200 pips, you are at break even. This is how I got the name 2,4,2

If price goes against you, you drop the first level entrance and that is a losing trade. The 4th level now you enter .40 if price reverses back to the level .20 entrance you are back at break even again. However, if you enter .60 you also cover your first original loss. You can keep following this startegy every 200 pips until you come up with a winner or break even trade.

The 2 4 2 4 2 4 2 will give you small manageable losses until you get out of the trade with a break even. You keep your margin usage at an acceptable level at all times and never get into the death trade.

The 2 4 2 6 4 6 ............ will give you coverage up to 1000 pips (or more if you wish and have the margin) against you and still come out with an almost zero loss trade even though price went against you 1000 pips. You literally keep you losses to a minimum. To go into trades as overbought/oversold as we do and still cover ourselves up to 1000 pips afterwards is a pretty darn safe strategy. As long as you dont over margin your account with too big of lots, you can safely trade this way. You pocket your winners and zero out your losses.

The purpose of this is not the typical martingale strategy of doubling up until you win or wipe out your entire account. But this strategy will limit the loss to break even so your overall trading will be a constant increase. I only hope I explained this in a way you can understand. COOL HUH

You can also do this with the 150 but you are using 300 pip blocks instead of 400. I dont know if someone can program an EA to do this but it would be fantastic of we just turned it on and didnt have to manually put these in. Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #137 ---
i buy this concept. it sound brilliant.

I think someone could change the excel to reflect this strategy. IMO, the excel is just as importance as the EA. The excel help to make the plan and the EA execute the plan for u.

The risk of using such strategy could be the currency went insane and it goes out of 1000 pip. The lost will be huge. Huge as in the lost in a single currency pair cannot be recover by itself and need to depend on other currency pair to recover the lost. The problem with no loss is that a single rare event will wipe out months of profit.

--- 帖子 #138 ---
The loss only becomes huge if you are not closing out the losing trades, otherwise you are always playing 3 levels deep. To me 3 levels deep is always manageable and the losses are manageable. You can go over a 1000 pips with this if you are playing small enough lots with enough capital. Anyway that is the thought, still dealing with this eur/usd and gbp/usd trades that just wont give major retracements. If you study back history these are turning into the biggest runs without a retrace in recent history. I see the Eur/usd finally is giving way. That was almost a 7 day run. The good news is my system handle it. I may get out of the eur/usd with a profit.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
only one worrying me atm is gbpjpy, 300 pips down atm, 200pips till SL... cmon japan raise interest rates or re-invent the wheel

--- 帖子 #140 ---
I find it funny that gbp/jpy goes up 100 and the gbp/nzd goes down 250. Way to go pound. Any I took that 150+ on the gbp/nzd. If gbp/jpy goes higher I will close one of my losing positions and reenter but there are no S/R lines anywhere nearby so this is guesswork for now until it establishes some.

Also took Aud/chf, and finished all my aud/usd that were left. USD/SGD Primary if I have told you yet. Eur/chf Primary. For the heck of it I took USD/JPY at the Resistance line manually B&W are above 85. Will put a short SL on it. Not going to play with that one for long if it breaks resistance. Hey its 5 points in my favor already and I havent even finished typing the sentence . Hung on to all my NZD and they went back to even. dang. Dont you just love the exact nature of Forex, what a science. YUCK.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
I like your 242424 strategy...

... BUT WHY CLOSE OUT ...if you have the multiplier effect?

if you use the multiplier of 1.5 or 2, does it not warrant the same effect? I understand your concept, i think, but when in 3L deep, to close 1st level will create a huge loss? Are saying close out level 1 when you hit level 2 already before level 3?

ps. thanks for sharing this awesome system, starting to understand it and gain plenty of PIPS per day. Just hanging on to long...for the retrace as per 180 system?

--- 帖子 #142 ---
The purpose is to close out a losing situation by getting as close to break even as possible. If you let the early level keep running with the loss then you need bigger lots or a bigger retrace to recover the loss. That is Martingale philosophy. What happens is sooner or later the perfect storm comes and wipes you out. This limits the loss to a size where you have a chance to break even on the trade and then keep your profits in the bank. That is the philosophy behind the system. It also makes it manageable as to when to open and close the trades. If you have ever used a martingale system you know as the debt gets bigger you wonder, will I get the retrace or will I wipe out my account. IN this you take the scheduled loss and then when the retrace happens you stand a good chance of getting back to even. Believe me your mental framework is so much better when you see that your balance has not been damaged. You take the philosophy that I will have my winners and I am going to limit my losers. If you are getting beat up by price for several days in a row but your balance has stayed stable, you know the profits will come.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
I like the sound of it nanningbob. Any chance of giving us a worked example so i can get my simple brain around it more?

With the system as it stands are you talking about using the EA to enter the trade initially, but when in, taking off the EA and entering the rest of the levels manually with the desired lot size?

P.S. I've been wondering if it's possible to get the system to send an email notification for a possible entry, instead of the sound alert?

--- 帖子 #144 ---
yeah there is a way to have an email alert. I have never tried programming that but I am sure there are guys here that can do that. MT4 is set for such a thing so we will need a real expert for that one. If we dont get one soon we can ask in the Programming section of FF.

This idea came to me last night when I was at the doctors office. I have been playing around with the idea of letting trades go so you dont need such a big retrace to get back to even. I am sure we can refine it some as we work with it. I also am playing with these support and resistance lines like Whitegoodman suggested so we will see what comes of it. I mean you see the B&W lines above 85 and a fairly major resistance area on a 4H or 1D chart, I dont see why not put your sell in there, instead of waiting for the EA but then again I will probably get myself into trouble doing that.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
did i understand this right?

if 4th level open i close level 1. and if 5th level is reached i close level 2. at this point i have a 0.2 lot with 600 pips loss and a 0.4 lot loss with also 600 pips. right?

this means the price have to return a long distance to recover the losses. or will you never recover them?

or will you close level 1 if level 3 was opened?

and if i use 2 4 2 6 4 6 i will recover the lossing trades how will the series continue if not? 2 4 2 6 4 6 ... 4 8 4 10 6 10?

--- 帖子 #146 ---
current trades:

BUY

USDCHF

EURCAD

SELL

USDJPY

EURJPY

GBPJPY

CHFJPY

CADJPY

i need some advice guys. should i be worried about the correlation between the yen crosses on the sell side? i could get hit hard if the jpy continues to lose ground...

--- 帖子 #147 ---
I have the same trades going, all the JPY trades are at a strong resistance point and I am looking at retraces on each of them. Even though the JPY currencies have been having steady moves in one direction they have been retracing nicely along the way, so I am not too worried. I went in this morning/(evening USA time) and put trades on manually at the resistance line so JPY session retrace you have been my hero many many times. Friday is usually a good retrace day because some traders like closing out at the end of the week and businesses like closing out their books at the end of the month. So we will see.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
I dont know if I will add trades today or not. I want to  clean out many of my trades today and not carry many into the weekend. I see chf/jpy as the only primary trade.

You can pick and choose but there are a lot of secondary trades out there. If the market keeps ranging they are great but if they break out ugly :

aud/jpy, eur/jpy, gbp/nzd, all nzd pairs. All are sells except the gbp/nzd.

Here are some TC trending continuing trades. They bounce off the 20 MA of the BB and can be great trades. Then again they may not so be tight with your stop losses on these if you do them:

aud/cad, eur/cad, eur/gbp, eur/usd, gbp/chf,

Happy trading,

--- 帖子 #149 ---
im generally only using 2 of the same currency ie if ive got EURJPY and GBPJPY i wont do any more pairs with JPY in them... id advise to have a look at the correlation tables for each currency...

also if say you have a signal on EURJPY, GBPJPY and CHFJPY go to the GBPCHF, EURCHF and EURGBP to see which 2 of the 3 are strongest...

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Good advice

--- 帖子 #151 ---
no worries im here all week

--- 帖子 #152 ---
I can't see why anyone would do this, so must be missing something.

When you get to L4 you'd be down $240 from 3 positions (120,80,40). You close the first 0.2 trade and take the $120 hit. You then open a 0.4 trade, so your position is down $240 (120 closed 120 open) and Long 1.0 (0.4+0.2+0.4).

You'd be in the same position if you left the 0.2 open and just opened a further 0.2 (ie. 0.2+0.4+0.2+0.2). You'd be down $240 (all open) and Long 1.0. No matter where the trade heads, up or down, the resulting profit or loss will be the same. Buying 0.2 you'd incur one third the spread of closing 0.2 and opening 0.4.

Leaving positions open and using 2,4,2,2,-2,2,-2 is the same as having only 3 positions open with 2,4,2,4,2,4,2.

Beyond higher spreads, a problem I see with 2,4,2,4 scheme is that psychologically you could think you're doing better than you are. An open position of -120 with the other -120 taken feels better than an open position of -240. It's like when being eaten by a piranha thinking 'I need to protect 100% of what is remaining of me' rather than 'I need to protect the 90% of me that's remaining'.

Cheers

Knoxy

--- 帖子 #153 ---
thanks bro

--- 帖子 #154 ---
thanks for the insight

--- 帖子 #155 ---
I will reply in detail more this weekend but those of us who have experienced the perfect storm and death trades know exactly what I am talking about and I think understood the system quickly. It will be better understood when I post some pics of its usage.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
just closed out USDJPY for +120.

what a waste of my time!  LOL

--- 帖子 #157 ---
does anyone have the indicator that displays the total open position of a particular currency pair? thanks kindly for any help

--- 帖子 #158 ---
i've just added these indicators to my charts and i think the study of monthly and weekly pivots could bring a really useful dynamic to this system.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
+120 is a waste of time ???? Not bad in a market that went nowhere this week. I mean the difference between the high and the low is 280 pips and you squeezed a trade for +120. Hey you did good. That primary trade on Friday was the only good trade of the week for that pair.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...50#post2766650

If you go to post # 2036 you will see the difference in my equity line of taking a loss of all levels and then taking out just the worst level trade and keeping the trade going. You will notice you can keep the equity about even through rough patches in trading instead of a bigger loss dip. You can study the first pic for my trading in May.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
i was being sarcastic! i was just poking fun at how some people have responded to the poll. i love this method!

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Sorry I have not been reporting but I have a family emergency and will be gone for the week. I will not be posting any positions for the week. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
all the best bob, good luck talk soon

--- 帖子 #164 ---
God bless your family. Hope it all turn out well.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
i hope everything is ok Bob

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Best wishes.  Good luck.

by the way, Bob, your 180x200 with 242424... seems indeed great for gbpjpy.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
I like this system but not familiar with the 4H TF, i am NOT looking for the silver bullet,but is anyone can give me an idea of realistic stop loss ?

--- 帖子 #168 ---
im using 900 SL

--- 帖子 #169 ---
No offense,but looks pretty high .

Is 200 STL unrealistic ?

--- 帖子 #170 ---
yes. This system is buy/sell and hold until it turn around. There are rare occasion that it doesn't and u have to just take a lost. That pretty much sums up this system

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Hi Everybody,

Do you use higher timeframe to go with trend, to assess a good entry point?

I'm trying to look at daily and weekly before entering. I think that it is much safer to play re-entry EA with trend on a higher time frame.

I'm testing this system for two weeks now so it is nothing but I've 100% efficacy

Thanks Bob for all your effort. I really appreciate that.

Good luck guys

--- 帖子 #172 ---
well forward test and find out, im not really using re-entry's as such... im just using it with my other manual systems

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Hi,

Does anyone of you use some kind of trailing stop in this method?

thanks

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Yes I do, when price gets into profit I set a stop loss in profit so it will not become a losing trade and then set a TS if I am not around to monitor the trade.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Sorry guys but I am having a terrible time with the internet here in China. Here is probably the reason why but I may not be able to post much right now. I have had only 24 hours of internet access this week and am getting shut down every time I use my VPN. Since MT4 also uses secure connections it seems to also cause me problems. I have to go to public computers now to get on the internet.

BEIJING — China has issued a sweeping directive requiring all personal computers sold in the country to include sophisticated software that can filter out pornography and other “unhealthy information” from the Internet.

The software, which manufacturers must install on all new PCs starting July 1, would allow the government to regularly update computers with an ever-changing list of banned Web sites.

The rules, issued last month, ratchet up Internet restrictions that are already among the most stringent in the world. China regularly blocks Web sites that discuss the Dalai Lama, the 1989 crackdown on Tiananmen Square protesters, and the Falun Gong, the banned spiritual movement.

But free-speech advocates say they fear the new software could make it even more difficult for China’s 300 million Internet users to obtain uncensored news and information.

“This is a very bad thing,” said Charles Mok, chairman of the Hong Kong chapter of the Internet Society, an international advisory group on Internet standards. “It’s like downloading spy-ware onto your computer, but the government is the spy.”

--- 帖子 #176 ---
just a suggestion regarding the system, think about changing the BB's to 3 standard deviations as opposed to the default 2 standard deviations...

--- 帖子 #177 ---
OK I think I am back. After my brother went to the hospital, closing of school for the year, cracking a shin bone in my leg, sending the family back to the USA and the internet being down about 70% of the time for the last 10 days, things are going just fine. I hope to start trading again. Price seems to be quiet right now so probably did not miss much. Sorry for being gone so long.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
BTB "Betting the Bank and selling the house"

When is a good time to bet the bank and sell a house on a trade. Of course there really isnt such a thing but here is one that is almost always a gold mine. I mention this because the gbp/chf looks like one now, so I will show it ahead of time. Using only the blue line in my system you will see divergence. Divergence is when the peak highs/lows are going higher/ lower but the peak highs/lows on the blue line are going lower/higher. Noticed the 4 divergences I marked on the gbp/chf over the last 8 weeks. Divergance is a good read on a major retracement or change of direction in price. On a 4H chart it is very powerful. Notice how I marked them #1-4.

Look at #1:

See the gold line in the chart how the lows are continuing to go down but the blue line the low peaks are now going higher. This is a very good in

--- 帖子 #179 ---
48 hours later and 200+ pips later here is the gbp/chf trade. I took profit here and will reenter if it breaks support (the blue line) nice trade.  Another nice trade for today is the Eur Aud. Good luck. Because of internet problems I am only going to do primary trades. I had too many problems to take the other types since they have to be monitored more often.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Eur Aud was a nice call 300 pip move. I closed when white line was at the bottom just under 200 pips. I saw no primary trades so far today so I took a secondary GBP/CHF. I had a nice run last week so I am taking it again as a secondary trade. Look too good to pass up at the resistance line. Can lightning strike twice

--- 帖子 #181 ---
I have decided to make just one call a day. What I think is the best looking trade. I may post others at times but I think doing groups of them was too confusing and too difficult to keep up. So my call today is the gbp/chf as a sell off of resistance line Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
ahhhhhhhhhh that didnt last long. I am also calling this primary trade EUR/CAD off of resistance and all three above the 85 line. Somehow I missed this on earlier.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
ok GBP/CHF was a nice trade. Over 150 pips and if it breaks the support line maybe more. It did that last week. I closed at 110 when my TS got hit.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Eur/Cad went against me to a third level trade. Will look for a retrace today. I put my TP just above the previous resistance line. Old resistance lines become the new support line so that is where I am looking for the retracement to go to. I will then try to break even or make a small profit at that point.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Well, almost any currency pair with AUD or JPY looks good today so I chose the AUD/CHF and GBP/JPY for diversity. This is what they look like both are primary trades. The Eur/Cad trade I have I will use my 2x4x2 with if it continues going north just to show how it would work live as we go through the process. So if it breaks resistance and keeps going north I get to practice my system of minimizing a loss live .

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Hi,

I think now it is a nice time to go short on eurcad. Price is at weekly and monthly pivot points resistance and it is a primary signal.

Good trading guys

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Yesterday the Eur/Cad kept going up. Using my 2,4,2 plan I closed out my first entrance and added a 3rd level, so had a losing trade on it. But I am still looking at a nice retrace here somewhere soon. Hopefully today. I only like using 3 levels at a time, makes my balance and margin usage looking good. The aud/chf trade went nowhere so sitting around 0 on that one so far. The gbp/jpy had a modest 100+ I didnt post I took the gbp/nzd and that one went over 200+ so that ended being my best trade of the day. It was a secondary trade. For those of you who stayed in the gbp/chf that one was very nice also. Well, back to the Eur/Cad. I will be playing to get out with a minimum loss and then see what  happens. I will probably close at a break even level and then decide whether I want to reenter at level 1 again. That will be my strategy.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Looking for a profitable interday or intraday EA

Hey, Do you have a good profitable EA that you can give me please- Im new to Forex and I would love to have an profitable EA.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I agree. I entered 1st level at r1, then r2 second and now r3. R and S levels or pivot points are good places to manually trade this system with signals from STO and MACD. I am beginning to prefer using those instead of a set number that the EA provides. Be interesting if someone could code an EA that used weekly pivot points for reentrance instead of set numbers like my EA. Then each currency pair would be using its own system. It is extremely rare for prices to ever move beyond R3 or S3. I use a support/resistance indicator but using a Pivot system would work also, very similar. There are also different MACD indicators and the MT4 MACD is the slowest of the ones I know about so the red line takes a little longer to get above/below 85/15. Anyway still looks like a good trade to me but you will be more profitable with this one over me. I am just glad some of my other trades went well yesterday. Overall a nice day.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Yeah Eur/Cad came back to even so I closed out, still a nice trade to stay in but I was happy to bail on it. I may reenter on a retrace later, see what it does. Aud/Chf and Gbp/Jpy were both 200+ trades so very happy with them. I didnt see any primary trades to take plus was not home most of the day so I entered no new ones. I decided to take two secondary trades gbp/usd and nzd/usd. Both are bouncing off of resistance and previous highs so they looked safe to me.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Go to

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=150293

download the 180x100 and follow the rules. I have been doing better than 20% a month with it. Just stay away from the big news stories and monitor your margin and lot sizes and you should do well.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Both of the gbp/usd and nzd/usd hit their trailing stops at around 40 pips so no big gainers there. I am leaving for the USA tomorrow so I am not taking any more trades this week. I will be in San Francisco for the weekend and be back in Orlando Florida by Wednesday. I probably wont be doing any trading during this time. With 4th of July week coming up it will be a nice week to relax and be with friends and family. I cant complain about the week, except for the Eur/Cad, which I ended up with just a small loss it was a great week. I hope I can do this well every week, but I know that is not always possible. Still dont know why 15 people voted against the system 11 of them posted negative pole results before the first day of trading with it. Strange. Well, Happy trading and I will be back in Florida for the month of July. Stay in touch.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
I did an analysis of my trades for June using this system. I only had one currency that lost  money and that was the Eur/Cad trade   I just talked about it  on page 13. Here are my results for the month. 97 total trades winning 71 for a 70% win ratio. That is averageing 3-4 trades a day but I actually slowed down towards the end of the month by taking one  or two a day. Some of my loses were from just closing down for the weekend  and others were because of multi level trades. So my win ratio is actually higher but this is good enough. The first column is total trades the second is long and the third are short trades.

-----------------------------------ALL LONG SHORT

Total Trades                                                                                                                                           -----------------97 ----                                                                                                                              30------                                                                                                                               67

Total Winning Trades                                                                                                                               ----71                                                                                                                               -----21                                                                                                                               ------50

Total Losing Trades -----  25 -----08                                                                                                                               ------17

This information is compiled by IBFX through their trade analyzer. A very useful tool.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Reviewing this post and back in May you said to turn off the EA manually.  Exactly how do you do that?  and in your posts how much dollar wise is a pip using the.1 lot .  Thanks.

DJ

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Go to the right hand corner and click on the smiley face. It will allow you to remove the EA. OR you can create a template with no ea on it and trade manually. The difference between .01 and .10 depends on your broker and their lot sizes. IBFX Micro lots .01 = 1 penny but .01 with a regular account is 10 cents. So it depends on your broker.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
pls can someone help me with the instruction on page 1, I downloaded the one on page 1 but it is not opening showing me error.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
I've also made one month summary of trading with this strategy.

I didn't have so much time to trade ,so I took only 15 trades.

Apart from signals showed by indicators I watched monthly and weekly pivot

point support and resistance zones.

Here are my results:

15 total trades

11 winners

4 losers

Win ratio 73%

Largest winnig trade :385pips

Largest loosing trade: 159pips

I've earned 1425pips

I like very much the idea of avoiding death by thousand stops...

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Hey Nanningbob- got your email... this is the tread I was talking about.

Can you explain you system, please.

Whats your % profit?

Do you have an EA.

Please assist...

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Hey guy, dont want to sound mean but go to page 1 and read. The EA and explanation are all there. The first thing you do is download the manual. It will tell you the system and how to ues it. It says instructions as the first donwload. You click on it and save the file to your desktop. You can then print it out or read it on your computer. I am not going to rewrite my book here in the forum all over again. Sorry.

If some terms in trading are not understood you can go to babypips.com and take their trading course for free. It will let you become familiar with different aspects of trading and terminology. A great little course for a beginner.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Make sure you have Office 2003 or higher on your computer. You can also try using a different browser. If IE does not work use a Mozilla product like

Firefox or Seamonkey. I just tried downloading the instructions and got it to work.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Hi Nanningbob, if I want to trade your system manually, not using EA, so the only thing I will do to set up for my chart is to copy indicators and template to my program's right folders. That's all or anything else. Pls not be uncomfortable if this question raised somewhere in this thread, coz I just come acrossthis thread. Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Yes I have used this system in some form over the last two years manually. I just find using the EA a great way to enter trades because many times I am not around when the best time to enter comes. To those who use this with weekly pivots etc will probably find manual trades to be a better way. Especially using pending orders etc. So to each person's taste you can trade.

To set up the trade manually you could use the MT4 MACD removing the histogram and adding the two sto lines. Then putting BB and some form of S/R lines or Pivot system and trade very successfully manually. Because I am not home often during the day I find the EA very usefull and keeps me out of the runners most of the time before entering. More experienced traders who are used to Pivot trading or S/R trading will probably feel more comfortable manually trading this system. My biggest problem in trading is entering too early and so I let the EA discipline myself. That is my trading weakness so the EA is my crutch, but a wise one for me.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Hey do you have a good weekly  or monthly pivot indicator because I have never found one I liked. If you do have one could you post it?

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Hi,

I had the same problem.

Try this: Right Click, then Save As. Don't open it, Close it.

Then go in through MS WORD, not Adobe.

I don't know why.

The new Adobe reader has been giving me trouble.

I stumbled upon this solution.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #205 ---
What make the X or smiley face appear on the ea when it is in the corner?  When I drag the ea over to the chart, what do I have to do to make sure it turns on correctly.  I think I have missed some trades and I don't know why.  Thanks

DJ

--- 帖子 #206 ---
If you see an x that means the EA is not loaded properly. Drag the EA on the screen and make sure you have clicked the box for live trading. When you do that the x will turn to a smiley face and it is working.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
try these

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Nanningbob- thanks for TEACHing A MAN(me) TO FISH.
Apriciate it dude

--- 帖子 #209 ---
i have not read all of this thread, i came to this post and i find it very usefull for my trading.I trade different setups , different tfs and 3 diferent accounts.

What i dit today, totaly stressless, was

1. i opened a short trade 2 minis at 1.4059

2. set a limit sell for 4 minis at 1.4200 (not 200 pips but .00 level)

later on another account, another setup i get a long signal

3. opened a long for 2 minis at 1.4144  tp 1.4200

so what came out :

the long closed with tp 1.4200 = 56 pips

the 2 shorts i closed manually at 1.4153 = -94 pips for the 2 minis and + 94 pips for the 4 minis

so all in all 56 pips gain

now i would like to know if thats conform to your idee of trading with almost no loss at all

--- 帖子 #210 ---
It sounds similar but my system is meant to go with my strategies. I am sure adaptations of it would fit other strategies as well. So it sounds like you did well. I used to use a system where I did a buy and a sell at the opening of the eur session and then near the close of the USA session closed the profit and then countertraded the loss during the JPY session when prices would retrace. The retracements were my profit. Very stress free trading because you knew price wasnt going to run away from you then. S/R levels are often set at the end of the USA session and I found them easy to trade from. But yeah sounds like you did well. Thanks for the report.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
I have multitimeframe one. I find it really useful.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
nanningbob

Teach men to fish

Naaingbob

On my manimized window, the sto line cross over the MACD line, but if I maximise the window, the sto line is not crossing over. THe MADC line is not fixed, and keeps changing possition.

Is there any way around this.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
The MACD red line is not a fixed line but the STO lines are. If you use the full screen and 4 weeks of data on the screen, you will find the indicator will give the info you need for starting your trade. The purpose of the indicator is to give you a good time to turn on the EA and look for the reversal. That is the purpose. I have tried having all fixed indicators and none give as good of a signal as a moving MACD. The EA is your protection against a continued run and the multi level entrances give you the flexibility to adjust to price action. With the 242 recovery system we have covered just about all the bases need to trade tops and bottoms. The MACD is a lagging but moving indicator and your best entrances are where the blue and white are crossing it. However, since we dont know exactly when that will happen the moving MACD keeps adjusting until it does. The EA helps you in getting that entrance.

It has taken me about two years to get this to all fit together.  I am going to post my results for the last month and they are quite astonding. I am very pleased with my live test of this system, in fact more than pleased, I am estatic. I want to finish my trades today and then post my results tonight.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Honestly I was a little miffed that some guys dissed my trading system early. 11 guys posted negative votes before the first day of trading even began. In other words they voted without ever even trying the system. So I decided to do something about it. I took one of my accounts and put 7.00 dollars in it and started trading June 3. I used almost all primary trades and traded .01 or 1 cent a point. I slowly built the account up until 1 month later, it is now 61.01 almost 9x the account from the beginning. I also am up to .02 and .03 trades and run several at once. I used almost all primary trades during this time. My win ratio was 75.6% and I had 93 winners and 30 losers. During this time I had to use my 242 recovery system twice. Once on a eur/gbp trade and the other was the eur/cad trade which I posted live while I was doing it on earlier pages. The first dip was the eur/gbp and the second dip was the eur/cad. The big drop is caused by the closing of the 1st level. You can see how I recuperated quickly, within 48 hours and kept right on going. The line is accelerating as I upped the lots to  .02 and  .03.

Anyway here are the results. I am not going to add any money to this account but see how far I can take my 7.00 dollars to. I think this is extremely impressive for a system. These are not demo trades but live trades many of them were posted on earlier pages in this thread. Again to do this I used almost all primary trades, very few secondary trades and no trade continuation trades. I felt I did not have enough margin for those kind of trades.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Nanningbob

Loving you thread.

I have read ( and re-read) your instruction.

I just wanna clearify some points.

Does the EA( buy and Sell) remain activated all the time on the chart or do I have to turn them on when the criteria is met?

You mentioned on page 12 of your explaination to the system
"When you decide this maybe a good time to enter you turn on the buy or sell EA...."

Can you please give clear set off rule/criteria as to what to look for before turning Sell or Buy EA.

Sorry if you have already done this..

P.S. I reckon this is an awsome trade system. Many thanks for posting...

--- 帖子 #216 ---
congrats!!

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Hi, Would someone kindly look at the attached screen shot and tell me what's wrong.

I have only 1 line on the 3-3 indicator and I have 2 purple lines on each side of the BB. I have no idea what this is or what it does.

Thank you so much.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Yes, when all three lines, red white and blue, are above the 85 line you turn on the sell EA. It will not enter until the 3MA open crosses teh 3 MA close. This way it helps you from entering a trade too early. If price goes against you the EA doesnt enter until it retraces. Once all three lines are above the 85 line or below the 15 for the buy EA, you are in a major retrace or price turn around territory. Once the EA enters the trade you then turn it off and manuallly control the trade as per the instructions found in post 1. This is a manual traidng system with an EA that helps you enter the trade. Again reread the manual posted on page 1 post 1. It has pictures and examples of how this system works. If after reading it you have more questions I will be happy to answer them.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Hit control I and see if you have a moving average added to your screen and delete it. It looks like one of my rejected experimented ideas. Then resave your template. Also you have a buy EA on and that is a sell trade.   I also see that no EA is attached to the chart so you need to get the buy EA with the buy screen.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
The "2,4,2" rescue system seems interesting concept, I've been reading a up on it.

For example I have the following trade:

L1 0.02

L2 0.04

L3 0.08

- For 2,4,2 rescue at what lot size should I start with for 1st entry?

- any recommended tp for each rescue level?

the moment the 1st entry for 2,4,2 trade is made the first trade will be closed to maintain limited number of trades.

I want to sort out the logic and attempt to code a "2,4,2" rescue EA.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Ok the L1 trade is closed because you are just taking a loss on that. You then enter your level 4 trade but it now becomes a level 3 because you closed out your first level. You now  match the size of the  old level 2 trade which is .04. If it retraces to the level 3 entrance the .08 is now at 0 and the profit from the second .04 matches the loss of the other .04 and you have 0 out your trade. Your only loss is the .02 which you took earlier. This is to help you minimize your loss.

If the trade goes against you again to another level you would then close out the first .04 trade (your original 2nd level) and then enter a .08 and try to 0 out the trade again but this time you would have 2 losing trades. Clear as a dirty river I hope.

In using this system I have only gone one level at a loss because I have always gotten a retrace on the 4th level entrance. A couple of trades I took a loss but reduced my losses with the retrace and a couple of others it went farther and the whole thing took a  small profit. One time I tried to just take a profit on each level because I felt price had not just retraced but actually turned around. So I closed the trades down in profit as price moved back to my original entrance point. I only did this once and I did it because fundamental news seem to favor such a strategy. So that is a variation of the 242 system.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Rescue EA would be great but how will you code it to conform to new FIFO rules?

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Thanks for showing how to fish in dirty river.

Time to make some fishing tools. I will post 242 rescue EA for everyone to test/comment hopefully before end of this week.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
I still have no idea how IBFX going to implement the FIFO rules. No harm coding first as to get the 242 system base up first.

FIFO is one thing, some upcoming NFA ruling also doesn't look too good. I'll probably be heading for alternative broker.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Hello NanningBob and thank you for this simple and easy to implement system. I plan to demo try it in the coming few weeks but I am having difficulty using the EA as my demo account will only allow standard lots @ 10$/pip and my live account will allow 0.1 lots but at 1$/pip. Is it possible to modify the EA to fit my broker's limitation? if not then how can I place my entry manually without being too early or too late? the other problem I faced was using the profiles because it tries to open currency pairs with an m at the end (e.g. EURUSDm), whereas my broker has the standard nomenclature (EURUSD). so I opened my charts manually, applied the template and then saved them as a new profile. Thanks again for this method and hope you will keep posting example trades with entry and exits.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Rescue would have to be different lot sizes right? Maybe something like 24354, dropping the 2 to add the 5 and then dropping the first 4 to add the second 4.

As for an alternative broker, I'm not having much luck so I'm really hoping IBFX (Singapore) keeps everything the same as the US. branch. Maybe NFA won't impose leverage limitations. Every MT4 broker I've found that offers a penny a pip(and there aren't many) with high leverage looks shady to me or don't take US. citizens. They're either unregulated or based on some island and have horrible reviews.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
NanningBob,

First, would like to say thanks.

Your system work very well tested on demo account and I would try in live account -- I am a loser in trading. Make money for a while but loose more at the end

I had simple question since I am not the expert with EA's...

The template (to buy/sell) works well on forex.com system but not working with Alpari --- I need to double click the EA. What is the problem...?

I still really confuse about dime & penny (I knew about 4 digits & 5 digits).

If you can help what broker shall use (dime/penny) for IBFX, FXDD, Alpari & Forex.com? and what will happen when I copy wrongly (dime/penny)?

I still read and read again your document to be more expert....

Read your statement on people vote bad event before try...

In life there is always people either a joker or just did not want to please other. Just leave it...

Appreciate your effort and all sharing...

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Since I dont use Alpari this is a difficult question for me to answer, however, what ever works on the demo will work the same on a live account. Or should anyway. So if IBFX .01 is a penny maybe Alpari its ten cents in stead of a a penny. If it doesnt work at all then you may have to use .10 which then should be a dime but with some brokers it could be a dollar. It also depends on what kind of account you have with them. Some brokers have a Micro account in which .10 equals a dime and then on a regular account .10 equals a dollar. So you need to ask them what is what. So give them a call and ask what does .01 lot equal in a micro account and so forth. Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
I fear the worse for NFA because the orginization is not controled by Forex traders but by future traders and the rules coming down is the rules they use. Dont know how true that is but that is from an article I read last week. I will look at IBFX Singapore. I am getting so many mixed signals. IBFX reports as long as lots are different size it wont matter but FX Solutions is saying first in first out always. FX solutions is setting up MT4 in Australia so I will look at that. I left them because I love the MT4 platform and theirs sucked. So if they offer MT4 and the same service and rates in Australia as USA they maybe a better company than IBFX. Only time will tell.

I am staying at a friends house with no internet connection, so I will be doing no trading this week. I come to the library and use their WiFI toget on the internet once a day. Oh well.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
just to let you know: 0.1 is a dollar at alpari; 0.01 therefore 10 cents.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
NanningBob & All,

When put-up template (per instruction to activate EA) to buy/sell; on this example is sell. I noticed the Red MACD become different e.g. drop below 85.

Image1 is cropping right before change template to sell and image 2 is taking right after convert the template into Sell.

I browsed the whole thread and did not found explanation why but probably many of traders knowing well but wasn't me. I put red circle on what I meant...

Hope someone really can help me to learn... With many thanks.

PS: Thx to reply my previous email and happy trading... (hope I will be there soon..)

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Make sure you have the same MACD on both charts. There is the MACD of MT4 and the MACD True which is the one I like. However, there maybe some screens I did not get the same MACD on each screen. Hit Control I and check which MACD you are using. You probably will find two different ones. I like the MACD TRUE it reacts a little faster than the MACD of MT4. Sorry if I made a mistake in the charts.

--- 帖子 #233 ---
NanningBob,

The template with warning & no warning are using MACD True but the template to buy/sell both 150 & 200 using MACD.

Thank you for clarification and my previous question is not intend to complain but I am a newbie with thousand confusion only

I can delete and put MACD True but could not locate on same Indicator window 1 but shown inside new Indicator window 2. Anyway, no such big deal....

Let me learning and practice... practice makes perfect

Cheers

--- 帖子 #234 ---
I understood your question. Unless you go on an negative attack we try to be patient here. Ask  questions that is how I learned.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
News for the week:

Canada Interest rate, probably wont change. Tuesday

Wed. Bernanke testifies before congress. Beware of this one.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
i RECEIVED THIS TODAY

SALT LAKE CITY— July 20, 2009—Interbank FX (IBFX.com), a worldwide provider of online foreign currency (Forex/FX) trading, announced today a solution for NFA Compliance Rule 2-43 affecting all NFA regulated Forex brokers.

Using our proprietary backoffice solutions, Interbank FX will allow our Meta Trader 4 platform to remain 100 percent compliant, while retaining order functionality and flexibility for customers trading. The MT4 platform will continue to function as our customers have experienced over the last several years. This includes the ability for customers to use fully functional Expert Advisors, Stops Losses, Take Profits, Trailing Stops and Limit Orders without making any needed adjustments.

“Certain US competitors have decided that their solution to the new FIFO rules are to move their customers overseas, rather than being compliant,” said Todd Crosland, Chairman and President of Interbank FX. “At Interbank FX, we have embraced the NFA’s efforts to help protect customers and provide a seamless solution without any changes to their current trading strategies.”

The only modification for customers will be their daily and monthly account statements, coming directly from the proprietary Interbank FX backoffice system using NFA FIFO offsetting procedures. The FIFO rule takes effect beginning July 31/August 1, 2009.

Interbank FX is currently working on a step-by-step video which will be available shortly on our web site, www.ibfx.com.

--- 帖子 #237 ---
ok I am back and trading live again. My Sun night(USA)/Monday morning (Asia) AUD/JPY session open trades for this morning are:

BUYS

AUD/NZD

EUR/CHF

EUR/JPY

GBP/JPY

USD/JPY

When I say I took these trades it means I turned on my 3x3 ea in the buy position. Here are the pics of the eur/chf and usd/jpy trades. All three lines have converged below the 85 line making it a primary buy trade. All the others look the same.  Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
BUYS

AUD/NZD-- trade is in profit--brought my SL to +10 and see what happens.

EUR/CHF-- trade is -55 or now, will wait on it.

EUR/JPY-- the 3x3 has just crossed and entered

GBP/JPY-- the 3x3 has just crossed and entered

USD/JPY -- trade is at -22 and just floating for now, will wait on it.

LOTS and LOTS of primary trades out there so pick and choose

AUD all

SELLS

USD/SGD

USD/CAD

BUYS

all NZD except Eur/NZD

GBP/USD

GBP/CHF

EUR/USD

ALL CHF pairs are buys or sells right now

Looks like a great week.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Aud/chf entered +25 set SL at +10 and see what happens

aud/nzd came back and hit my +10 reset my EA back to buy

aud/jpy came back and hit my +10 no call now

aud/usd came back and hit my +10 no call now

chf/jpy came back and hit my +10 no call now

eur/cad came back and hit my +10 no call now

eur/chf sitting in mud at -32

eur/jpy took profit at +100

eur/usd came back and hit my +10 no call now

gbp/chf +180 profit

gbp/jpy +200 profit

all NZD trades took 30-40 pip profits

USD/CAD sitting on +50 put SL at +10 and will let it ride.

USD/SGD took my +10

USD/JPY came back and hit my +10 no call now

New trades for today

buy aud/nzd try again on this one.

still in

aud/chf

eur/chf

usd/cad

I am happy with the day, lot of trades retraced and went no where but enough did to make it a nice day about 500 pips. Only one trade in the negative. Probably could have rode the GBP for more or taken half and let the rest ride. But always happy with a profitable day.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
you have gone thru a great deal of effort in explaining your system but it seems like magic to someone like me a newbie trader especially when it relates to supprot and resistance, but nevertheless thumbs up great effort.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Hi bob,

Are you using 20 bb or 40 bb to confirm your entry setup.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #242 ---
I use the standard BB (20MA) with this system. I may overlay the 40MA BB to see if it helps though. I haven't looked at it yet. My thinking on that is the 3x3 cross EA helps filter out some of the BB runs, maybe the 40MA would be a better filter. I had developed this system long before I ever tried a 40MA BB. Thanks for the idea though.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Thanks, if you only do primary trades it is a simple and fairly easy to follow. I hope you have a successful career in Forex.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Aud/nzd has entered again sitting at + 23 brought my SL to 0 and see what happens.

aud/chf came back and hit my +10 and I have reentered again.

eur/chf still running in mud at -65 will stay in for now still reads as a good buy.

USD/CAD came back and hit my +10 and then dropped like rock. Oh well cant win them all. &*^$%$&^%(^

so up +20 pips yesterday Eur/chf still in the hole

buys-- for today usd/jpy, usd/chf,  nzd/chf, gbp/chf,

sells-- eur/nzd

still in

aud/chf

aud/nzd

eur/chf

happy trading, looks like a chf day

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Well this eur/chf sucks -85. I will stay in for now still a buy.

aud/chf entered but came back and hit my +10

aud/nzd hit my +0

usd/jpy I never moved my SL so I am still in at+15

usd/chf I am at -40 I didnt move up to +10 or 0 so now I have a negative trade  It was profitable at one point.

nzd/chf at +22

gbp/chf at -70 I was up +70 on this one but I wasnt home to move my SL to +10 so now have another negative trade

eur/nzd at +44 right now, moved my SL to +10 0n it and 0 on the other profitable trades.

The only trade I saw that was close to a primary trade is the eur/gbp. I turned the ea on that one and if price turns around I will be in that trade. Yesterday was a slow day. So I had one closing trade at +10.

I could close all trades and had a good week. If none of my trades work out today I still had a decent week. However, you will notice I really only had one good trading day. The rest was very slow. You get weeks like that.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Hi Bob,

I am papertrading the 180x200 in your footsteps. Can you elaborate on moving your SL to 0 or +10? How many pips you want to be in the green? Do you wait for 4hr candle to close or do it whenever you see profits ?

Michel

--- 帖子 #247 ---
This thread is for the 4H trading system. The 180x100 is talked about in the 60x90 thread. The 4H trading system is a manual trading system except for the entrance which is done by an EA. Then you manually manage the trade after that.

It depends on how much in profit the trade is. If it is only 20-30 pips I will set it at 0 and move it up with time, if it is past 30 or 40 I will set it at +10 and let the trade run. Sometimes I will add a TS to the trade so the +10 will increase over time. To be honest I really dont have any set rules other than, dont let a trade in profit become a loser. There is nothing more discouraging than to see a trade go +70 like the gbp trade did yesterday andthen come back and then go -70 in the hole. If I had put a 30 or 40 TS on that one I would have had a minumum 30 or 40 profit trade. Most of the time I check my trades every 4-8 hours and decide what to do next. I never wait for candle close, if price is hitting a S/R line to me is the real key. Simply put do I let it ride or do I TP now? If I let it ride where do I put my TS or move my Stop to? I have this philosophy, I am always happy taking profit, you can never beat yourself up for taking a 80TP only to see price go up another 300 pips. It could just as easily gone back to -80. Once that trade gets to profit you NEVER want it to become a losing trade, that will really kill you mentally. However, even if you pocket a dozen +10 and 5 +0, you still made money and pocketed 120 pips that day, week, or month.

To manually trade the 180x100 you would have to take the EA off the screen and then manage the trade manually. What I do with the 180x100 though is I keep the EA on and will use the MT4 trailing stop. Once I am in profit I will set the trailing stop on a trade. For example I had a gbp/jpy trade go about 80+ so I set a trailing stop at 40 behind it making sure I would have a minimum 40 pip profit and then I let it run. You can do this with the EA on. I also have changed the TP on some trades because price seems to be moving rapidly and looks like it will move more than the 100TP so I will reset it to 200 with a TS. This way I try to maximize the move for profit. Most of the time though I will take profit when the white line goes to the opposite side of the Sto indicator and/or I see price has hit a support/resistance line.

I hope this answers your question, if not ask again and I will try to better understand your question.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Hey NBob, i put your stuff on test, using warning system. I use only best setups with EA entrance, however for SL i put either the other end of Bollinger band or swing high for sell trades (versa for buy trades). That dictates TP, which in most cases is bigger than i estimate its attainable. Ideal would be if i get at least 1:1 RR, I aim for 2:1 generally. With this in Mind i am interested mainly in frequency of good entries by EA, which would get good win rate with less losses.

So my main goal in testing is get a sample of hitrates, win/loss rates, win/loss sizes.

From quick over-the-shoulder estimates I reckon, that there could be many small win hits with danger being offset by some large losses.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Well, my win/loss ratio is between 65-70% on all my EAs and systems and that is this year. Most of the losses are very small. The 4H system I sometimes hit close to 80-85%. The key is really keeping those losses small and I have been able to do that this year. The 2,4,2 recovery system I developed has kept me from taking any big hits since I have been using it. So I am pleased with my trading this year. Too bad it took me 3 years to get here. I hope I can help others become profitable in a lot less time.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
eur/chf -75 it just completed a double bottom so I will stay in

usd/jpy went back and hit my +0 later it went to 70+ OH well cant win them all.

usd/chf -80

nzd/chf hit my TS at +43

gbp/chf -220 entered a second level trade so it now has two trades going.

eur/nzd tp +100 when it hit a resistance line.

My total for the week is pocketed 792 pips.

I am carrying over -375 so we will see what happens with them.

Monday:

buys: aud/nzd, usd/sgd

sells: eur/gbp

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Level two trade gbp/chf thinking. I drew a yellow line from a major support line from 6 weeks ago. You can see by the pink arrow where it was at. If it breaks below that support then we will have to do a hard decision on that trade. Also notice that price action from 8 weeks ago to 6 weeks ago are almost identical for the last two weeks. I am going to play that history will repeat itself. See the pic below.

The second pic is the eur/chf double bottom. I will try to manually enter a second buy trade near there to help recover on this particular trade.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Sorry late this morning Eur/chf has moved up to new level of S/R so hopefully we can get back to 0 on this one. -55 at this point.

gbp/chf has hit the major support line and looking for it to bounce back up now. -255 at this point but have 2 levels.

aud/nzd is at -18, it entered and came back down.

usd/sgd I took profit at +62, white line is at 100 and it is at resistance.

eur/gbp entered and is at -42

usd/chf -40, looks like mud to me so I just took the loss at -40.

New trades for today.

buy usd/cad

sell usd/nzd

maybe gbp/nzd ???

--- 帖子 #253 ---
EUR/CHF -54 and going nowhere and sitting in the mud

gbp/chf going nowhere -255

eur/gbp now at -60

nzd/usd +7 still looks like a nice trade.

USD/CAD is at +80 I will bring my SL to +50 add a TS of +30 and let it ride

So I took no loses and made no gains 0 day.

buy gbp/nzd, gbp/jpy (is at a 5th bottom on the 4 hour chart, I dont think I have ever seen one of them before)

I almost called the EUR/CAD yesterday but didnt. It had one of the best moves of the day. Blew that one.

Happy trading, markets are slow and dull right now.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
GBP/chf has moved up 100 pips so sits at - 150 on level 1 and is +80 on level 2 trade. Money wise it is a break even trade so I brought up my SL so as not to go deep in the hole again. If price contines up I will profit if it goes down Iwill close with a minimal loss.

Eur/chf moved up and I closed at -17 loss. P

Eur/gbp -100 but is a slow moving pair so I entered a 2nd level manually.

nzd/usd- closed 1/2 at +50 and brought SL to +20, will let it ride and see what happens.

USD/CAD- closed 1/2 at +200 brought SL to 160 and will let the other half ride.

aud/nzd - forgot to write about it yesterday -100 entered 2nd level.

So just like that I am out of the hole and profitable.

1/2 closes +250 riding the other half.

closed out -17 on eur/chf

sitting -100 on eur/gbp and aud/nzd entered second levels on both saw S/R levels there.

-150+80 on gbp/chf but financially break even on that one.

buys for today: USD/JPY, gbp/usd, gbp/jpy

sells Eur/Cad, eur/aud

Again as a reminder when I make a call all I am  doing is turning on the 3x3 EA so it does the entering when price reverses. If price does not reverse I am not in the trade.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #255 ---
WOW a lot of currencies are just trending slowly right now. Waiting on those retracements.

eur/gbp -140 & -40 2nd level

AUD/NZD -30 1st level +70 on the second level so closed in profit +40.

USD/CAD and NZD/USD both halves hit their SL of +160 and +20. So average total on USD/CAD trade is 180 and NZD/USD +37.  Why is it the trades you dont want to retrace but continue to trend dont and the ones you want to retrace dont. Dont you just love Forex trading.

gbp/chf continued its downtrend so it hit my SL I had set. Minimal money loss there. -170 +60 for -110 pip loss but financial loss was closer to -50.

USD/JPY entered at -10

GBP/USD entered +80 set my profit SL at +40 added TS 25.

GBP/JPY entered also +85 set my profit SL at +40 added TS 35.

EUR/CAD took TP +40 on retrace

Eur/AUD took 100 TP

So I am up for the day and week and have guaranteed my profit on all my trades except EUR/GBP and USD/JPY.

Sells Aud/Cad,

BUYs gbp/chf (try again  )

Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
HELLO anyone out there.

I kind of feel I am talking to my self here.

Last week total pips +792

This week +419 -167 = +252

That is +1044 pips in 2 weeks and still have more to come.

How many people are calling trades before they happen and then posting the results? Interesting. The scorecard says 24 for 22 against, If 22 are against this system and most of those were posted before the 1st trade was made, where is the record of their losing trades? Oh well.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Bob, first let me say thank you for your systems. I have used all that u have posted except for this one. I have tried and tried fully automated systems and just can't rely completely on them. yes, i still use 2 of them live but don't sleep very well at night. lol i do use your 100X180 from time to time and have made a small profit with it.

I just now took the time to sit down and read the rules to this system from front to back. I have yet to read the thread - only the rules stated in 1st post.

Let me say that you have 1 very well thoughtout plan here.

After reading, I don't see a real exact science for when to let the losers go and just except the loss. I can see the tp a little easier.

without reading the entire thread and if answered in the thread already then just tell me " quit being lazy and read the thread" lol but can you please explain in more detail when you say ok, enough is enough. ill bite the bullet and take the loss? I know you use the 242 to try to stay out of trouble - correct?

I see that your other systems - all being fully automated ea's, are getting a lot more attention. I guess people are like me and just want all the trading do be done for them - Easy way out!-

It also seems that this is your preferred system even over your own fully automated ea's. Is this true?

I look forward to start testing this out next week.. I will be doing my very best at devoting my trading time to only this system. - must babysit my ea's that are trading live- but most of my time will be devoted to learning the ins and outs of this system.

I guess the easiest way to dive into this system is to only take the primary signals for a while before trying to get into the more dynamic signals.

Look forward to an interesting forward test

Again thank you for all your contributions to this forum. You have put in countless hours and I want you to know that they are whole-heatedly appreciated!!!

Justin

--- 帖子 #258 ---
ill bite the bullet and take the loss? I know you use the 242 to try to stay out of trouble - correct?

It also seems that this is your preferred system even over your own fully automated ea's. Is this true?

Thanks for your comments, appreciated. People do say thank you often but I dont always respond to each one. Taking a loss is always the most critical decision in my systems. The profit making part is there but knowing when to take a loss that is the critical part. There are just so many variables, kinda hard to explain. As you probably have noticed I love the S/R indicator on the charts. I dont trade without it anymore so I carefully watch where price is fighting. As long as I see price banging off a 4 week high or low I feel really safe in that trade. For instance you saw I bailed out early on several trades this week. The most important one was the GBP/CHF. That thing has been trending down with only one major retrace for 3 weeks now. So I was really cautious with it and probably made the right decision. Why? Because I know from experience the GBP/CHF will run and run sometimes. Same with the NZD, CAD, and AUD pairs. CHF pairs will too but not as often. I guess it just comes from experience, I look at a trade and go OH OH that looks like trouble. It is why I like trading the 4H chart. I can see 4-5 weeks at a time on the screen. This system you realize you may have trouble if it enters and then reverses and goe beyond the previous high or low. I really start paying attention to a trade like that. But I slapped a 200x200 on it, so I have a lot of range. For instance the eur/gbp trade has my attention right now. It has gone over -100 but has finally broken its trendline. If it reverses again and starts trending up. I may take that one out because I dont have a lot of money invested in that trade yet. So to poorly answer your question it is a trade by trade decision. Most of the time I am wrong and I have closed early a trade that would be profitable but my overall equity goes up.

Of all my trading systems this one is the most profitable and rewarding. The average trade is 1-3 days long and DD is very low. Because I use the 4H chart I only have to watch over my trades 2 or 3 times a day. Right now I am doing this thread as once a day. That will change when price gets more volatile. Unlike my other systems where you have to trade .01-.03 with a couple of hundred bucks. I will go .05-.10 depending on the currency pair. Lower for the more volatile, higher lots for the slower ones. This is the system I trade on my big account.

If you read the thread you will see the biggest criticism is the moving MACD line. Even though that maybe perceived as a problem the moving line doesnt adjust that much until a week or two later and the trade is done by then. So it is not a false read. I have used this system and some variations of it for several years but it wasnt until I did the 3x3 cross with a BB signal did I finally solve my problem of entering too early on a trade. That was always my biggest downfall. With that problem solved, I just turn on the EA whenever I see a trade signal and dang if that thing wont wait out a run that I would not. I had one trade it waited 4 days to enter but when it did +210 pips in one day instead of entering too early, 450 pips in the hole looking for that retrace to get out with a loss. So that 3x3 is a life saver to me.

Even though in my book I talk about secondary and other trades. I really only do primary trades now. They are the simplest and take the least amount of thinking.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
OK we finished the week so lets see how it went.

Eur/GBP sitting at -112 and -12. Clearly broken its swing up for now, will see how big this retrace is anther 50 pips minimum and will break even. Hoping for more.  I normally reenter a slow pair at 150 not a 100. If I had done that the 2nd trade would be in profit now. Bad decision on my part. Bad BOB, bad BOB.

USD/JPY I had set my +10 and it came back to hit it.

gbp/usd came back and hit my TS at +94

gbp/jpy came back and hit my TS at +47

Aud/Cad entered and now -82 in the hole

gbp/chf entered and sitting at 0

Total pips for the week in the bank +403 carry over for next week -206.

Two week total = +1195 pips. Carrying over -206 pips into next week.

Not bad for and old geezer.

Trades for Monday.

Buys USD/JPY again

I am in GBP/CHF, AUD/CAD, EUR/GBP.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
I'm saying this the nicest way possible: have u read  the instuctions for the systems.  At least read the first post of each thread.  U will quickly learn there is a big difference

--- 帖子 #261 ---
eur/gpb going nowhere for now -12 -112

Aud/Cad-137 reentered at -150 so the second level is at +13 This one is starting to look good.

gbp/chf sitting at +12

Usd/Jpy entered and sitting at 0

Sells: Aud/Cad

Missed the eur/cad during the day, if the trade  retraces you can enter it also.

The markets are really slow right now. Below is a pic of the missed eur/cad trade. I dont like taking trades at the previous R line. If price breaks the line OK or if it retraces back up, plan  the reentry but not now at the R/S support line.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
well i wanted to jump head first into this system this week but we have been at hospital all day  so will have to start in the morning.

looks like a little bit of a rocky start of the week.  but now that i can jump on board maybe it will get a little better.   lol

will be posting what i see at start of US session  just to make sure im on same page as you guys.

see you guys at start of US session in the morn

hopefully wife wont have to go back to the doc!!!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Hi Bob, I don't think that is the exact criticism of MACD.

I have read the previous posts, and I believe the issue with MACD is that you say it must be below the 15 or above the 85 line for entry - HOWEVER - if you drag the chart left and right, you will notice that the MACD line moves up and down.

i.e. It is no really anchored to a proper number on the Y axis, but shifts up and down as you scroll back and forth along the chart.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
If you use the 4 week view it works fine. If you go back in time it also moves but like I said before when it comes to the next week or week after the trade is done so the moving MACD on a 4H chart is not a problem. It is basically static in the week you want to use it. Once you understand this basic principle it works pretty darn good, not 100% no system does that but it works. The two added features that filter out most of the false signals are the BB and the 3x3 EA. Once you put this all together it works very well. It is the most profitable system I have posted. The MACD, sto lines give you a trading signal that price is about to exhaust itself. The BB confirms and the 3x3 EA will protect you from many of the run ups. If you get in and  price goes against you, you multi level the trade until you can retrace for an out, like I did with the gbp/chf and eur/chf trades recently or go into profit, which I think the eur/gbp or aud/cad will do. Either way the so called problem is known but it is also dealt with. This is my most profitable system by the way because I can trade much bigger lots on fewer funds than my EAs.

I used to use this system on lower TF like the 1H and 30M charts and would do quite well but I would get whacked once in a while. That was caused by the moving MACD. However, once you get to a 4H chart and 4 weeks of chart on your screen the MACD movement is lessened down to a small percent. If you go back in time the MACD moves because the numbers being put into its averages changes the figures from week to week so you go back 1 week earlier you enter the a new set of math from something that happened 5 weeks ago, however, those figures are irrelevant to the now. The now is what is the MACD line telling us relevant to the last 4 weeks along with the STO lines. That is the key, that gives me my signal, not to trade but turn on the EA. Once price has retraced enough to cause the 3x3 cross, I am almost guaranteed at least one or two bars of reversal. That gives me at least 8 hours to bring my stop loss to +10 or more and makes it at least a minimal profit trade. The rare occasions where is peeks and continues, I have 3 choices:

1. wait out the battle of the bulls and bears, what I am doing with the eur/gbp trade now

2. ride it out entering a second or third time

3. Looking for my best out on that one particular trade.

Even though I had individual trades not go well, most of them did and they have covered any loss easily that I took on any of the  bad trades. The moving MACD is not as big of a problem as some have made it. Just like any system it has its losers but I have consistantly month after month kept my winning percentage at 70-85% and I will take that to the bank. Dont focus on the losers to the point you miss the vast majority of the winners. And this system does produce a constant flow of winners. I dont know anyone who publishes his trades on line before the day and keeps it going month after month. Its the consistancey of this system. I dont think I have published a single losing week since I have posted this system. Yes I have had some losing days, but not a losing week. Try it. It is a simple easy to understand system.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
ok bob.  back in the game.    if you don't mind, could you chime in when you see a point where you are gonna turn your ea on.  I have my eye open buy haven't had the opp to turn on ea yet.  at least as i see it.  right now it is 17:42 gmt sept 1.

in other words.  haven't seen the perfect setup today yet.  but will look every 4 hrs or so    if you see a setup coming, would you mind chiming in.

thanks man

justin

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Dont see anything right now but I usually report sometime before the jpy session. The EUR/GBP has not dropped yet and that is one I am in.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
somewhere around here???

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Yeah, but it is just drifting.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
EUR/GBP No change from yesterday

Aud/Cad nice move level 1 +12 Level 2 +149 Liked that one

gbp/chf flat as a pancake

USD/JPY still has gone nowhere.

I know in my other thread I dont trade NZD pairs but with this system I will.

Buys Nzd/Usd NZD/CHF NZD/JPY gbp/usd

Sells eur/nzd

Pick and choose what you like best. Looks like a NZD day. The gbp looks like future setups later today or tomorrow so keep an eye on them.

this week +162 carry over eur/gbp -122 gbp/chf and usd/jpy 0

--- 帖子 #270 ---
GBP/CHF is it finally a good trade??  In this pic you see where all three lines are below the 15 line (yellow arrow). Then you have a double bottom (two yellow checks) and if you look at the blue sto line you have divergance (yellow line) Is it a guaranteed trade, of course not, but it looks like a real good one from here. If you are not in you may want to try this one. Sometimes it takes a week for a trade setup to really happen. This gbp/chf has not had a major retrace in over 10 days. It is due.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Thanks for update.  Glad to see I'm thinking about it the same way.

we shall see how these develop

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Same thing with USD/JPY add that as a buy. Again signal early, double bottom, divergance. Here is the pic

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Still looking like a pretty strong NZD day if things will start acting right.  looks like there are several setup possibilities brewing

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Just took USDCHF trade.   tell me if you would have made this one?

--- 帖子 #275 ---
bob answer me this,  is this when you would turn the ea on for this pair?

--- 帖子 #276 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #277 ---
thanks sir.  did already   just wanted to hear from the master  LOL

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Eur/Gbp finally moved some 50+ points. After sitting on this trade since last week I finally just closed it out. I just dont see it going anywhere at this point even though I maybe wrong, so level 1 -72, level 2 +28 total -44 since level two is a higher lot than level on it was an almost break even money wise so I took it.

Gbp/chf came back and hit my TS at +37

Gbp/USD +131 Liked that one
OPEN TRADES

USD/JPY has backed up to -83

Eur/Nzd -160 entered 2nd level 0 manually off of resistance

Nzd/Chf not entered yet

Nzd/Jpy -74

Nzd/USD -23

New Trades

BUY chf/jpy

Sell aud/nzd gbp/nzd USD/CAD

For the week +330  -44 carry over -340 I put the aud/nzd and eur/nzd on the screen below. Keep an eye on the gbp/chf, if it goes back down to support I will enter again. A triple bottom maybe??

--- 帖子 #279 ---
I am taking the USD/CAD because of the bounce off of Resistance here. This has been holding very well this past month so I am turning on the EA.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Just a reminder. I forgot to turn my EA off when I closed my trades this morning. So I had to take some mini losses, the EA reenter after I closed the trades. I have to remember to take the EA off the screen and go back to the non EA screen after I close. dumb. One trade did take a profit so it covered some of the other mini losses. I usually put my non EA screen back on when the trade is entered but for some reason I did not do that yesterday.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
i did this exact same thing myself.   need to think about this.  im used to entering and exiting with ea.  not just entering

--- 帖子 #282 ---
I am currently in all your open trades and new trades.  Im glad so see we are on same page!!

--- 帖子 #283 ---
closed 1st trade with your method (Demo) with PROFIT!!!

--- 帖子 #284 ---
well Bob    i must say;  like all your systems: I Love It!!!

gonna demo for couple more weeks before taking it on live   but thses r how my trades went over-night

297.6 pips  and that is with me leaving the ea on TWICE it opened up 2 trades so i close them for mini losses

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Well bob how did you make out today? I have these on my radar- tell me what do you think?

waiting for: euraud long, eurgbp long, gbpchf short

feels a little lonely in here!  lol

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Figures, soon as I bailed out on the eur/gbp it moved on down. Oh well that is trading. Yesterday was a good day.

eur/nzd L2 I profited at +110 L1 I took at +17 total +127 Nice

Nzd/Chf hit my TS at +17

Nzd/Jpy +53 L2 +6 L1 total +59 I had added a second level at Support

Nzd/USD +54 hit my TS

Chf/jpy +23 hit my TS

gbp/nzd +44 hit my TS

usd/cad +23 hit my TS

All the currencies moved and then retraced but I set my TP and TS so as not to lose any winning trades. Sometimes they run, sometimes they dont but it is still a great day.  +330 for the day +660 for the week.

Now the carry overs.

usd/jpy at -23 still in

aud/nzd -15 still in

I took the gbp/usd off of resistance @-11

I took the eur/cad because it gave a signal during the day. +12

All 4 of these will keep running. So my carry over is a light -37

New trades. If I get to the USA session or Eur session in profit with these I will close and call it a week. No need to ruin a +660 profit week on the USA morning news. If you want to play the news market protect your profits and let em run.
buys eur/aud,  eur/gbp
Sells aud/cad, gbp/chf (continuation of the DT??),

other  possibilities maybe later in the day.

gbp/nzd play off of resistance again??

I would play USD/CAD again if it goes back up to resistance.

Doubled my pip total yesterday for the week, nice runs by the NZD clan. You will notice I play them for about 50 pips. Those are the ones where the pairs start with NZD. If you get more than that with them take it because they usually wont make 100 in one day. The others like Eur/nzd and gbp/nzd you play for 100 to 200+ most of the time.

Smilin on my way to the bank again this week.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Here is the gbp/usd trade and why I took it. In my manual I call this a secondary trade. I drew a yellow line across the screen and you can see where this area is a very strong resistance area (red dots) and a very strong support area (blue dots). To me this is a very good place to enter and also see the play off of the top BB band. This is very strong place and had bounced here 3 times in the last week. Gotta take it.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Eur/Cad trade, You will noticed I have changed my BB from 20MA to the 40MA. I like the read of the 40MA better. It has double bounced off of the top BB so even though the white sto line has gone most of the way down, I am going to stay in this trade for today.

Look at this aud/cad trade. This is like throwing a juicy red steak, putting it on a grill and covering it with your favorite spices. Trades dont get much better than this one. This should be one truly great trade. Looks like a replay from earlier in the week. Who says lightning cant strike twice.

One of the reasons I play all the currencies is you can see certain currencies ready to make a move. For instance, yesterday was clearly a NZD day. It moved across the board and we took advantage of it. Right now the CAD looks good to move across the board. I have the aud/cad, eur/cad and keep your eye on the usd/cad. For those of you that have the gbp/cad on your charts, it also shows a trade signal. So today looks like a good Cad day.  I added the usd/cad and gbp/cad just to show you what I mean. The gbp/cad pic I took from my testing of the 40MA BB demo. I see IBFX has GBP/CAD it for demo but not live trading.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
One of the reasons I play all the currencies is you can see certain currencies ready to make a move. For instance, yesterday was clearly a NZD day. It moved across the board and we took advantage of it. Right now the CAD looks good to move across the board. I have the aud/cad, eur/cad and keep your eye on the usd/cad. For those of you that have the gbp/cad on your charts, it also shows a trade signal. So today looks like a good Cad day.

you make a good point hear.  very easy to see!!!  im fully on board.  im not messing with news in the morn.  gonna stay on sidelines for this system tomorrow

thanks again.  lets have a good week next week!!

--- 帖子 #290 ---
You can see the usd/cad is the weakest call of the four but since the others are strong I went ahead and entered it also. However, if you are a 1,2,3 swing trader this is the type of setups, USD/CAD, they look for. They will enter off of the break of the support line (blue line).

--- 帖子 #291 ---
closed trades

usd/jpy thought the trade was a dud and took a -4 pip loss

aud/nzd hit a support line and took it +42

aud/cad +34

eur/cad hit my +10 and then took a nice run of over 200 pips

gbp/nzd +55 hit my TS and then sunk some more.

usd/cad +56 this one went over 180 closed at first support line.

Total for the day +193 but missed three big runs. Imagine making 193  pips in one day but missing 3 - 200 pip runs amazing.
These trades I have open

gbp/usd at -72

eur/aud -208 1L -8 2L

eur/gbp -14

gbp/chf 1L -60 2L +25 I manually added a second level at resistance. -35 for now.

Total carry over for the weekend -337
STATS

This week total pips +853 and I missed a couple of nice moves too. DANG.

3 week total +2048 carry over -337
Monday's picks

Sells AUD/USD  AUD/CHF

Will do AUD/NZD off of resistance line. Made this play earlier in the week see no reason not to do it again. I am learning to go ahead and play the double tops and Head and shoulder turn arounds. See pic below. Looks like an AUD day.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
I made a big deal on these CAD trades Friday and how currencies will show complete setups across the board. Even though I didnt take full advantage of the moves you can see how they did.

GBP/CAD +250

Eur/Cad  +235

USD/CAD +180

AUD/CAD and my juicy steak aud/cad trade, shows you what I know LOL, went down 56 pips and then came back up again. DUD.

But you will see currency groups do this and they make nice runs.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Here are my calls for Monday. Again you will see I turned my EA on but price will not enter until there is a retracement. So if they continue to run up, we are not in until price turns around and the 3x3 EA enters the trade.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Hello Bob,

in your templates for the 4H-system you use different MACD´s.In the "3x3-no warning"-template there is the MACD-true and in the Sell- and Buy-templates there is the standard MACD.

Your line of the MACD-true is not the same as your line of the Standard-MACD.

What MACD you are using now in your trading?

aiti

--- 帖子 #295 ---
I use the true MACD for all templates. I need to go back and change that. Thanks for reminding me. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Ok got some good runs and setups coming today so here we go.
CLOSED TRADES

gbp/usd put a 2nd level trade at resistance and it was closed at +74 the first level trade is at -17 and will keep that one.

eur/gbp +37 my most profitable trade of the day. The eur/gbp is like playing double lots because of the exchange rate.

gbp/chf 2L +97 1L +14
OPEN TRADES

aud/chf entered -50

aud/nzd entered +15

aud/usd entered -15

eur/aud 1L -253 2L -95 3L 0 (entered manually at support)

gbp/usd -17

I did not expect such a good start because of the holiday

Closed +222

carry over -415
TODAY'S PICKS
Lots of choices today

SELLS aud/jpy,

BUYS eur/cad, usd/cad, usd/sgd

Some worth watching- the almost qualifies

eur/jpy, eur/chf, eur/nzd, nzd/chf, nzd/jpy,nzd/usd

I wouldnt take all of these but you may want to try a couple. See how they look at the EUR open.

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Thanks Bob for writing posts all the time...

I have been using this system in June and July and gathered circa 1400pips

but I wasn't paying much attention to it. Many mistakes and errors I made because of it. Definietly it was possible for me to earn twice more so generally I'm willing to test it more and help here with my feedback.

Earning 1000-1500pips monthly is all I need.

Thanks once again for your system.

Regards

Baniu

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Thanks, most traders have never seen 1000 pips in one month or maybe even in a year. I will enjoy it though. USD is taking a beating so far today. Hopefully the USA traders will be a little bit more pro American.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
nanningbob,

really impressive stuff you got going on here, looks like one of the best systems here on FF.

thank's for updating and throwing so much time into this...

PC

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Almost qualifies first, I did take and close
CLOSED

eur/chf closed +30

eur/nzd +131

I DIDNT take nzd/chf +30 or +40 or nzd/jpy +20 maybe

I did take nzd/usd -80 still in
THE OTHERS

aud/chf -8 hmmmmm keep or close hmmmmmmm????

aud/nzd -21 keeper

aud/usd  -111 1L -30 2L Dont like the looks of this one. Aud can go on a long trend at times.

eur/aud 1L -204 2L -46 3L +50 took the 3l profit kept the other 2

gbp/usd 1L -182 Should have taken the 17 pip loss yesterday 2L +46

Aud/jpy -23 entered

eur/cad -8 just entered

usd/cad forgot to turn my EA on. would have been around +50 if I had dumb bob dumb bob.

usd/sgd remembered to  turn on the EA -80 sheesh ...........
TOTALS FOR HE DAY

Closed trades +211 for the week +433

Carry over -603
OPEN TRADES

aud/chf aud/nzd aud/usd eur/aud eur/cad gbp/usd nzd/usd usd/sgd

TODAY'S PICKS (some of these I am in early but I will recall so as not to confuse)

Sells aud/jpy chf/jpy eur/jpy eur/usd gbp/usd nzd/usd  and eur/cad (look for a double top)

Buys usd/chf usd/sgd

There are a lot of possible trades out there. Pick and choose what you think you like. Yester day I chose 1 nzd pair (it went in the hole and the two I did not pick would have made a profit, it happens) However, I did pick 2 or the 3 Eur trades and they both did well while the one I did not pick went nowhere. It happens. If I get retraces on the AUD and USD pairs I will have a great day. If not I will be looking to zero them out. If I get disgusted with my trades I am only down -170 for the week so as some pairs trend against you there are enough winners to keep it from being a disaster. Sooner or later I will have to do something with that EUR/AUD trade. Looking for my best out. If it goes back down to its support line I will add a 3rd level. If it breaks the resistance line I will look to get out as cheaply as possible.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
TAKE PROFITS

aud/chf +42 blue and white lines are on the bottom

aud/nzd +1 I had entered a second trade at resistance for +60

eur/aud taking my best exit 2L +37 1L -143 and I am out. Yesterdays+50 left me with a -56 pip total loss on that trade but minus -106 for the day. Dont want to wait to see if it breaks resistance or not. Blue and white are at 100 and price is banging at resitance so I am taking it. Maybe a good decision, maybe a bad decision. You get your outs when you can.

OPEN TRADES

aud/jpy +2

aud/usd going nowhere right now same as yesterday. -111 1L -30 2L

chf/jpy -22

eur/cad -80

eur/jpy -36

eur/usd -48

gbp/usd could have taken an almost 0 trade when it hit Support earlier but I  played for it to break, didnt do it so now I am back to yesterday. Going nowhere right now. L1 -217 L2 +11

nzd/usd -28 (should have TP like I did with the nzd/chf but I decided to close one and let the other ride, didnt work)

usd/chf -48

usd/sgd -92 added a 2L +8

TOTALS

-106 +103 = -3 for the day, +430 for the week. Notice how I took my profits from other pairs to help 0 out that eur/aud trade.

Carry over -485

NO NEW TRADES FOR TODAY.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
I just wanted to share my logic on taking a losing trade where, when and why.

There are times when price may not get anywhere near your first level. As you know I have been sitting on this eur/aud trade for quite a while and it had gone 3 levels deep. To me it was time to look for my best exit and take it. Now I want to get as close to 0 as possible but sometimes that isnt possible. Using S/R lines and my STO lines helps in making these decisions. Yesterday I took the +50 L3 trade because I could bank my profit, white sto line was above 85 and it was at a resistance level. If price continues up, which it did, I banked a TP and then lower my debt. If price goes down I still have that 3rd level to  play again in the future. So that is why for my yesterday's move.

Today, I see white and blue above 85 and my 2nd L is in profit. There are two ways to play this. I can bank my  profit and then have 2L to come back with on this trade or with my other profits I can 0 out. I chose to zero out this trade because yesterday I did this with the GBP/USD and I got into trouble having to go back to a 2L trade and try to 0 out that trade. I already had it at -17 so now I have to do it again. So with the eur/aud I have white and blue above 85, price bouncing off of resistance and the 40MA (a very commone bounce point) but the big decider was I already have many other trades going and I dont need another one going into the hole again so I take the loss on that one.

--- 帖子 #303 ---
every once in a while I have people ask me about the 2.4.2 recovery system. In my Nanningbob 4H trading system thread I show a live trade over several days that eventually became a recovery trade. I never went to the 4th level but if you want to follow my logic and what I did go here:

If you want to see a live trade I used this with, got to p.21 post #302 and read the page or two before. You can see me dealing with the eur/aud trade day by day and how I handled it.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...93#post3039393

There is a pic at post 302 so you can see the trade.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
well there goes the eur/aud. DANG. It seems this week the trades I keep go nowhere and the trades I bail out on take off. Missed the CAD move, twice. NZD/CHF last night, now the eur/aud. Welcome to Forex trading.

--- 帖子 #305 ---
兄弟中国人吧。为啥不能写个中文的。

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Not much happening as prices stagnated yesterday

TAKE PROFITS

aud/jpy hit my TS at +17

OPEN TRADES

aud/usd gained a little didnt break support and bounced back. -105 1L -24 2L

chf/jpy -17

eur/cad +4

eur/jpy -8

eur/usd -48

gbp/usd  L1 -333 L2 -91 (the decision not to close at -17 is looking worser and worser)

nzd/usd -84

usd/chf -92

usd/sgd -94 added a 2L +6

TOTALS

+17 for the day, +447 for the week.

Carry over -886

TRADES FOR TODAY.

SELLS gbp/jpy

Thats it. Maybe prices will move some today, they have been stuck for several days now. Really made a bad decision to hold onto that gbp/usd trade but will play it out. It is hitting a major daily resistance line so we will see what happens. I put a sell on that R line so now I am 3L deep. If it continues to go north I will probably drop my 1L entrance and just take the loss. That would really cut my carry over almost in half.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Well bob. It's been a slow week for me with this strat. Only opened a few trades. But been busy at work. Most pairs just don't seem to b in the right places  maybe open up a few over this and London session before Friday gets here. Still looking at ending up positive for the week but like I said I haven't had tons of time.

Like you, lovng this strat.  Hope to have more time have more time next week.  Hope all your -'s turn around for ya!!  Im sure they will

--- 帖子 #308 ---
This hasnt been a good week so far but cant expect every week to be a winner. See what happens. I have learned to trade small enough to keep my account out of trouble. May get a chance to practice my 2.4.2 recovery system here. The truth is except for the GBP/USD trade prices have just been stagnate which is common at turnaround time. If I had just taken that -17 loss I would not be having any problems. Just a dumb decision on my part. The thing about Forex trading is you get punished badly every time you make a mistake. Probably why many traders get killed in this cyber world. If I close that trade out, it only takes about 1/2 weeks profit so I just hate to give some of that back, thats all. Wont play around with it if it breaks that daily resistance line though. I will just eat the loss.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Hi Bob,

Can you write when exactly did you take this cable trade?

This week:

GBP/CHF 190pips

USD/CAD 110pips

Positions opened:

EUR/USD  -60pips

AUD/JPY   80pips

Happy trading

Baniu

--- 帖子 #310 ---
I have posted every trade every day just before the JPY session. What I mean by that is I turn on the 3x3 EA on and it enters sometime when they cross. So put a 3MA median crossing a 3MA shift 1 and you will find the entry point on the 4H chart. Since you did not post what day you are talking about I need to know the date to get the actual trade. I have been posting this thread for several months now.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
TAKE PROFITS

chf/jpy +56

eur/cad +37

eur/jpy +103

gbp/jpy +80

OPEN TRADES

aud/usd -111 1L -30 2L

eur/usd -96 added L2 +3

gbp/usd L1 -333 L2 -91 Added a L3 at resistance +30

nzd/usd -130 2L added at Resistance +10

usd/chf -102 manually added L2 Resistance -12

usd/sgd -130 added a 2L -24

TOTALS

+276 for the day, +723 for the week.

4 week total +2771

Carry over -1028

TRADES FOR MONDAY.

I see no new trades for Monday. USD/JPY is a possibility. This would be my first losing week if I closed my trades but since most of these currencies are sitting at a Daily Resistance level. I am going to hang in there and see if I can get a retrace. If the R levels dont hold next week I will have to eat some losses but it wont be the whole package at once. Just some of the deep ones and will go into 2.4.2 recovery mode. My TP on other currencies are keeping me in the ballgame and a short retrace would make last week a wash. Of course I dont want to do that, I want to keep my profit so we put up a fight. This should be fun and hopefully profitable. Remember I have locked in 723 in profit, if I can 0 out or get minimum losses I will have profitable week. If I cant then most or all my profit will go to cleaning it up. That is the plan. TUNE in next Tuesday to see what happened.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
OK I posted all my trades for 1 month. The poll says 27 people found this profitable 29 think it isnt worth it hmmmmmmmmmmm. Total banked pips in 4 weeks +2771. Even if you closed all my carryover from this last week you would still be up +1743. Not bad for a system over 50% think isnt worth trading. Wonder what that +50% are using as a trading method that is working better than this one?? Sure would like to learn their systems.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Hi Bob,

Thanks for sharing this wonderful method. I tested this method on my demo account [Alpari - only legal Forex broker in India] last week and was quite happy with the resutls.

Could you kindly confirm whether the following are good possible trades for next week?

Long:

USD/JPY

AUD/NZD

Short:

GBP/USD

GBP/CHF

Regards,

-Sri

P.S: I am a newbie to Forex, with a decent experience in stocks and index futures.

--- 帖子 #314 ---
YES on the GBP/USD short. Most definitely time for a retrace.   The gbp/chf doesnt meet the primary conditions of my system. If you put a 40MA BB on it, it is bouncing off the 40MA line and that can be a good trade, however I dont like taking trades in the middle of the BB. If you want to  play it put your stop loss on the other side of resistance and see if it will go. I definitely would not multiple level that trade. Comparing it with the gbp/jpy and gbp/nzd they have already gone south so the GBP/CHF off the 40MA maybe a good trade. I will not be taking that one however.   I would take the USD/JPY long with the 3x3 EA on. It is at a S/R from Jan. 2009 or 9 months ago so it may go up now.   aud/nzd almost meets my system criteria and is at a very strong S/R line so I would put the EA on that also. EUR/NZD is at S/R from OCT. 2008. So it has been in a long freefall here. May want to look at that one also.   As far as my system goes the USD/JPY & GBP/USD would be a good trades. I have been in the gbp/usd for a while now. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
I decided I will take two trades Monday AUD/NZD and USD/JPY. The support levels are looking very strong.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Hi Bob,

Thanks for the detailed reply .

When you say S/R levels, are these levels drawn by the "Support and Resistance" EA provided in your 60x90 thread?

If yes, when i drag this EA to the chart, it is does not get loaded, are you aware of any such problem?

Regards,

-Sri

--- 帖子 #317 ---
That is the one I use and I have never had any problems getting it to load. Drag it to the screen and then change TF and see if that helps. Let me know if  you still have problems and what broker you use. I can download a demo and check it out. That is one valuable indicator, use it all the time.

I just saw you called the S/R an EA, the S/R is not an EA but an indicator. Make sure you have it in the indicator folder.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Hi Bob,

Sorry for that stupid mistake. [I never observed that i was dragging the indicator[again thanks for correcting me  ] to the Stoch/Macd Chart instead of the price chart].

Regards,

-Sri

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Today was get out of trouble day I closed several trades to lessen my debt. Some trades I kept, some I did not. My reasoning was to keep as much of last weeks profit I could but still try to ride some trades into profit. The ones I kept went nowhere, the ones I close most of them I got the best deal the day gave me. Here is what I did.

TAKE PROFITS  errrrrrr losses today.

gbp/usd L1 -253 L2 -3 L3 +110

then added a trade for +40 total -100

I will talk about this trade in the next post.

nzd/usd -80 +60 total -20

usd/chf -74 L2 +16 total -58

usd/sgd -70 2L +36 total -34

usd/jpy +47

Total -165

And the best trade of the day was AUD/NZD at +60 and guess what, I didnt turn on my EA, so I missed that trade. Would have been at -105 if I had. If I kept the GBP/USD longer it would have made a small profit but I closed one support early and if I had closed the eur/usd instead of keeping it I would have broke even. I would not have had any loss. Oh well. That is trading.

OPEN TRADES

aud/usd -100 1L -19 2L Almost closed this at support but didnt. Maybe today?? Thought it would run, now back to where we were Friday.

eur/usd -147 added L2 -42 Added a L3 at Resistance line. Thought about closing this one at support but didnt.

Carry Over -308 so I have cut my deficit by 46% but both of these trades could use a good retracement. The aud/usd really didnt move but the eur/usd did move and I chose to close the gbp/usd and keep the eur/usd. If I had done the opposite I would have done better.
TOTALS

-165 for the day

Carry over -308

NEW TRADES

BUYS AUD/CHF USD/CHF USD/SGD (hey why not, same support line as Friday)

SELLS EUR/CAD
OTHER TRADES but not primary trades

SELL Eur/gbp because of the double top on a 4H chart and has been bouncing off this resistance line all month and the BB band.

BUY GBP/CHF for the same reasons as eur/gbp.

Looking for the USD to go up, the Eur to go down and the CHF to go down. Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
OK you are deep in the hole on a trade and you made a mistake in trading. Last week I had a profit on the gbp/usd and had decided to close one position for a profit and keep the other position at-17. Well, the trade went against me big time so I had to fight my way out. I ended up going 3L deep but Sunday night/Monday morning (Asian time) during the JPY session there was some good retracement activity. I made a decision to close some trades to lessen my losses and others I kept to see if  price would run. Here is my logic on the the gpb/usd since that was the trade I was in the most trouble.

Price retraced to a support level, I marked it with a yellow line. Knowing this possibley could be my best out if the gbp/usd kept on its uptrend I went ahead and took my loss at the yellow line. However, I also knew it was possible that price could continue to run if it broke that support so I put a SellStop order at the white line. Price ran through and I picked up another 40 pips. I closed it out at the next support line which was also the 40MA.

SO this is how this particular trade went from beginning to end:

9-3 open trade gbp/usd post #287 P.20

9-4 carryover-72 added a 2L during the day.

9-7 closed +74 carryover -17 Post #296 p. 20

(here is where I make a mistake and not close both levels. I decided to ride the 2nd level out)

9-8 carryover -136 #300

9-9 carryover -206 #301

9-10 carryover -424 #306

9-12 carryover -394 #311

9-14 closed -100 #319 & 320

total with +74 profit -100 close total trade -26 pip loss.

That is how you can minimize your losses.

The distance from first entry of this group of trades until close of the last trade was just over -200 pips however the loss on the books is only -26. This is one of the benefits of multi-level trading.

So that is how I handled the gbp/usd bailout trade to minimize my loss.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
nice job. Jumped in live with bb ea. Gonna keep up with 4 hr manual test. Want to get in trouble 1 good time with it and work my way out. Much like u did hear. Then I'll go live with this method

--- 帖子 #322 ---
SHeesh. I think the last time someone said they wanted to get in trouble to see if they could get out, we had one of our worst weeks. LOL. Any way if you want some practice put the 60x90 on the gbp/nzd or gbp/cad and you will get some practice. Those currencies really out run that EA.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Not a particular exciting day

TAKE PROFITS

Eur/Cad +84 at least one currency moved yesterday

USD/CHF hit my TS +14

OPEN TRADES

aud/chf 0

aud/usd -125 1L -44 2L Lets play sit on the fence.

eur/aud 0 forgot to call that one but put it on later in the day.

eur/gbp -98 added L2 0

eur/usd -197 added L2 -92  L3 -31 OK lets see how long we can stagnate, sheesh.

gbp/chf -140

USD/SGD -51

TOTALS

+98 for the day

Carry over -771

-67 for the week

NEW TRADES No new trades for today.

BUYS

SELLS

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Hi Nanningbob and all forumers!

I'm new to Forex Factory and just wanted to say I will be testing this in demo (along with 20MA 180x100 EA and 40MA BB EA).

Looking forward to discussing trades to take with you guys. And unlike those nasty people who voted BEFORE even trying the system, I have a very positive opinion already from the last 22 pages I've been reading

At the time I'm posting this, I can see;

GBPCHF is forming a primary BUY signal

EURGBP is forming a primary SELL signal

AUDUSD seems to be forming a secondary SELL signal

USDCHF seems to be forming a secondary BUY signal

I've put the respective EAs on these charts and am waiting for them to trigger the orders in good time!

Nanningbob, firstly I'd like to say a BIG THANK YOU, I greatly appreciate the good work you've done here.

Also, if you could kindly comment on my observations above, that would be swell

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #325 ---
I am in all 4 trades also. Just a suggestion, make the backround color or your buy screens and sell screens different colors so you dont mix them up. The green is my signal screen with no EA. Black is for my buy and dark blue for my sells. This way if I make a mistake I see it right away. The AUD/USD is now at a strong Daily resistance level. So I put a double lot there to try to get myself out of the hole. I expect some traders to start taking profit at that level so a good reverse, I hope. Been waiting on that for a while. Other than that saw some good moves today and knocked down some TP. If I get the AUD/USD and Eur/usd to give some kind of retrace I will get out of them two and move on.  See you guys before the JPY open.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Just an observatioin. If you eyeball the 4H chart and go back in time, I think you will notice that most currencies will hit their high or low for the week on Wed. or Thurs. Now that isnt always true but I think it is safe to say that most of the time you will see that. Let me know if any of you have spotted this same kind of trend in currencies. You can plan your retracements around those support or resistance lines at that time.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
I happen to agree with this guy. The pessimism concerning the USD is way overblown. Yes we hit  a bad bump here but most European countries and Japan carry a much bigger debt to GDP ratio than the USA. Just a reminder of history, during WW2 the USA carried twice the amount of debt to GDP than we are now and that didnt cause hyperinflation or all the other doom and gloom being predicted now. So Read and enjoy. Just an opinion.

Has the greenback really lost its preeminent place in the world? Not according to currency expert Marc Chandler, who explains why so many are—wrongly—pessimistic about both the dollar and the U.S. economy.

Making Sense of the Dollar explores the many factors—trade deficits, the dollar’s role in the world, globalization, capitalism, and more—that affect the dollar and the U.S. economy and lead to the inescapable conclusion that both are much stronger than many people suppose.

Marc Chandler has been covering the global capital markets for twenty years as a foreign exchange strategist for several Wall Street firms. He is one of the most widely respected and quoted currency experts today.

http://www.ordering1.us/bloombergboo...ct.php?pid=345

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Not a particular exciting day, made a tough decision today.
TAKE PROFITS

aud/chf +83

eur/aud + 135

aud/usd L3 hit TS +5 I thought it was finally going down. Mentioned why I did this earlier.

To eliminate some of my exposure I went ahead and took out my L1 AUD/USD and EUR/USD. I made enough profit yesterday to break close to even on one and I went ahead and took the loss on the other. I feel I can recover and still profit this week and not carry the risk of hitting a big loss in case the dollar keeps sliding. This is an account protection move. In my 60x90 thread I talk about the slow sliding death trade and I just dont want to hang on to these much longer. So I just cut my losses. I am adding a bunch of new trades and my carry over is high. I also am thinking about when I cross the -1000 carryover barrier I should make a decision to keep it from getting bigger, especially when I am adding a bunch of new trades. I am experimenting with that idea to see if that keeps my account in safe margin territory so I can trade bigger lots. Just an idea for now.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

aud/usd -209 only L1

eur/usd -240 only L1

OPEN TRADES

aud/usd  -128 2L new L3 -25 Lets play sit on the fence. I am really beginning to dislike this trade.

eur/gbp -132 added L2 -34

eur/usd added L2 -135  L3 -74 OK lets see how long we can stagnate, sheesh.

gbp/chf -184 added L2 0 could be a double bottom here on the 4H chart.

USD/SGD -124

TOTALS

+223-449=-226 for the day

Carry over -836

-293 for the week

NEW TRADES

BUYS aud/nzd eur/nzd gbp/nzd usd/cad

SELLS eur/chf eur/jpy nzd/chf nzd/jpy

Looks like a nzd, chf, jpy day. Chf is an interest rate day, they have already said they want to do something to improve the currency so it doesnt keep sliding down. So I am expecting some big moves on that one today.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
We made some profits even though almost all my trades went back to their TS. I was hoping for some currency runs but no luck today. I was tempted to close a bunch of trades at the end of the Eur session but I decided to hang on for some afternoon runs. It didnt happen and several came back and hit my TS. You kick yourself if you close and they continue to run. You kick yourself if you dont close and they retrace. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesnt. Sure would be nice to see the future huh?
TAKE PROFITS

aud/nzd this is the 2nd time I forgot to turn the EA with this pair. What is it with me anyway. It would only have been 20-25 pips but sheesh.

aud/chf +17 hit my TS

eur/chf  +17 my EA entered late on the drop so missed most of it.

eur/nzd +84

gbp/nzd +7 hit my TS This was a stupid move on my part, I had over 125 profit and should have moved up my SL to 90 or 100 and protected most of the profit. But I figured it would run because the gbp/nzd often does but not today.

nzd/chf +56

usd/sgd +19 took 1 level profit I had added a 2L during the day and then took the profit.

Total +200 surprising how all these little trades add up to a decent day though. Made too many mistakes and lost over 100 pips on the aud/nzd and gbp/nzd I could have had.

CLOSED FOR LOSS

none

OPEN TRADES

aud/usd  -102 2L new L3 +1 well at least I gained a little from yesterday.

eur/gbp L1 -172 L2 -74 L3 - 0 Tell me why I am trading the Euro right now??

eur/jpy -106

eur/usd added L2 -135  L3 -74 OK No change.

gbp/chf -284 added L2 -100 added L3 0 So much for that double bottom. Started off good but then ........

nzd/jpy  -24

usd/cad  -13

USD/SGD -90

TOTALS

+200 for the day

Carry over -1374

-93 for the week

NEW TRADES

BUYS  gbp/nzd again hopefully do better today

SELLS chf/jpy

watch the usd/jpy, if it spikes up put sell on it.

Even though my carry over looks high, all the currencies I am still look like good trades. I feel better now than I did two days ago when I hit the -1300 mark. It will disappear quickly if there are any moves. If I had kept those two usd/aud and usd/eur it would be looking ugly but the markets appear to be starting to move around again after stagnating most of the week.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
u r taking way more trades than me. I am in only three atm. But am only averaging a few open trades at a time. Maybe beingtoo picky but I'm not near in the dd that u r.  Haven't counted but must b up a few hundred pips for the week.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Hi Bob,

I have save all files and restart MT4, it has been 1 day and the screen still show waiting for update.

Does the update usually take so long ? Thanks

--- 帖子 #332 ---
u are using standard account mode

go to file> open account  and make sure it says mini  not standard

Before u do this x out of all charts. Then do as I said above. Then u will have fresh account. Now run profiles like before and all the charts will pop up.

Profile will only work for mini accounts not standard. It is setup to open pairs with

"m" on the end.

Because u r in standard account mode your charts do not end in "m". Therefore it will say waiting fir update forever!

switch to mini account and will pop up instantly

--- 帖子 #333 ---
I feel it would be unfair to make a call and then didnt make the trade. I prefer diversification over a wide field. Also even though -1300 pips may seem a lot, I am using 10-15% of my margin. When I get to -1300 I am about 15% of my margin so I have plenty of room to deal with bad trades. Last Friday, if you remember, I was at -1300 and the Monday retraces came in. I closed out the GBP trade but kept the aud/usd and eur/usd. I should have taken all three as minimum losses at that point and my DD would be  much less now. So we make decisions and sometimes they work and sometimes they dont. If I had done the opposite, kept the GBP and closed the two aud,eur trades I actually would have made a small profit. It is funny how forex works against you sometimes. It seems like I should write down, this little voice tells me to do this but I should do the opposite. Still beside all my mistakes and misjudgements I am still doing very well the last 2 months and cant complain. I am doing this to not only keep a record of my own trades but making my decisions public lets new traders see the real up and down of this business so they will get more realistic expectations. Here is a trade live going bad, what do you do. Here I make dumb mistakes not like the sale ads I get with guys trying to get you to buy their systems but never tell you about the downside of them. I like the hpye of this guy:
You can choose 3 easy monthly payments of                              $733 each. That is 2200 bucks to learn how to trade a breakout and move your SL to breakeven when you get into profit. Good hype and if you dont buy by midnight tonight this offer will be gone forever. But dont worry, he will scavange some system off of FF and be back 2 or 3 months later with his newest trading system. Hey I can teach you a breakout system. Put a 5MA high and 5 MA low on your screen on a 4H or 1H chart, wait for the red square news stories on FF and when price breaks the high or low enter. What they dont tell you is the banks get their orders in first, then their best customers, then the broker gets the feed and you are facing a high spread because the broker knows he cant get you the best price. REQUOTE, REQUOTE, REQUOTE. (This is probably what happened to my EUR/CHF trade yesterday. Got requoted to a small profit or big spread). I am tired of looking at a screen waiting for some certain rules to happen and then ........................... I prefer to trade longer term and let the trade develop. Sometimes it closes the same day, sometimes I can sit on a trade for a week or more. Much easier on my health, heart, eyes, etc.

OH gotta go only 9--2200 dollar training programs left.

As of09:49 AM
today, there are only  9
courses remaining

--- 帖子 #334 ---
I think u may have taken my post the wrong way. I wasn't saying anything positive negative or indifferent. I was just stating that I must b being a little picky because I wasn't taking near as many trades.  I really want to b on same page as you! As u seem to have this down pat!!!  Sorry if u took my post to b negative in any way. I meant NO bad words at all

thanks again for sharing all your info. I'M LOVIN IT!!!

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Tks. I finally got my charts up.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
No worries

--- 帖子 #337 ---
There was nothing negative about my post. I just stated why I did something. Then had some fun with the advertisers. It means nothing negative about what you say or do. I will  post my trades and you are free to pick or choose which ones you think is best.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Good deal.

Many pips to all!!

--- 帖子 #339 ---
First I was having trouble with my internet connection in China and then I couldnt post on FF because they were having problems but here we are finally. Anyway my first bad week in a long time. I cleared out some trades and now wish I hadnt closed the eur/gbp but what is done is done. The last two days garnished almost 400 pips in profit to offset some of my losses so hopefully we will see the end to these long unretracing trends and get back to bouncing up and down. It is ok for price to trend one direction or another as long as the retraces come with it. However this last week several currencies took off without retracing and that does happen occasionally. Anyway the gbp/chf trade is back under control and now we will chip away at the deficit some more and hopefully be back in profit this week.

TAKE PROFITS

aud/usd +30 closed L3

eur/usd +74 closed L 3

usd/cad +83

+187
CLOSED FOR LOSS

Closed GBP/CHF L1 -420 L2 -230 Dont like where this trade is going

closed Eur/gbp -200 L1 didnt like where this is going either so cut my first level off.

-650

OPEN TRADES

aud/usd  -80 2L One level left on this trade for now.

chf/jpy -50

eur/gbp  L2 -161 L3 -61

eur/jpy -89

eur/usd added L2 -119

gbp/chf L3 -181 L4 -0 I dropped two of the levels probably should have only dropped one. Pic below, this looked so ugly I just wanted to make sure I didnt get in over my head on this one. Took a big loss and cleaned house.

gbp/nzd -181

nzd/jpy  -20

USD/SGD -101

TOTALS

total for day -463

-556 for the week

Carry over -942

Total for the month of Sept. +1020

NEW TRADES

Buy Gbp/usd aud/nzd ( I may not take the gbp/usd trade until  I see some stoppage in the current drop in the pound) I have had enough trouble with this currency the last couple of weeks.

Sell usd/jpy

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Good Morning Bob,

I have not seen the 3x3MA appear on my sreeen evemthough I have add all programme into MT4.

Did I miss anything ? Thankyou

--- 帖子 #341 ---
U won't see the 3ma's on the screen. If u put ea on chart it will enter at the cross even though u won't see it

--- 帖子 #342 ---
It is easy to add. MA 3 LWMA Median with MA 3 Median LWMAshift 1 on the 4H chart. Then you can see about where it should enter.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
thankyou, Bob.

With regard to the recovery system 242424.

When there is a setup and we turn the EA on and let the EA pick the entry for us. Do we trade with 0.1 as per original EA or we have to key in 0.2 lot for the first setup ?

But on 2nd though, you name it recovery, it means we have already in lossing positions and you aply the 242 recovery system trying to reduce the loss. If this is the case, you allow up to how many levels L1, L2 or L3 before using 0.2, 0.4, 0.2 recovery system ?

--- 帖子 #344 ---
How much your lot size depends on what you want to trade. That is dependent on your margin, leverage and risk factors. The EA is set at a minimum. You have to find what you are comfortable with. Right now I am trading .05 on 400 dollars at 400:1 leverage. I can keep my margin usage between 5-15% of my account with this. You will notice when I pass the -1300 barrier I am closing a trade now and then. It is what I am experimenting with right now. I try to keep my margin usage to less than 15% of my account. This way if I have to use a recovery I have the margin to do that.

The 2.4.2 recovery can start on the 4th level. When you get 4 levels deep you drop the 1st level and try to make the other 3 break even. I am trading more conservative than that right now by trying not going much deeper than the 3rd level. If I had a 1-2000 dollars in my account I probably would not have closed any losing trades this week for a loss because I would have the funds to ride the trades out. I also am up for the month so I am more interested in preserving the profits I have already made. So I know you guys want hard and fast rules but I dont believe you can always trade the market that way. You have to learn to trade with some discretion. I know if price breaks a strong daily S/R line it may go on a long run. The gbp/chf has done that so I decided not to use the recovery system on it but just take the loss. I did leave one level going and it is approaching another strong S/R level. If it breaks that one I am going to  close and be done with that pair until it finally gets done with its run. Yes I will take a beating on that series of trades but my account will be healthy and still up for the month. So S/R is very important to me when applying recovery methods. If I am 3 levels into a pair and then it breaks a major daily S/R level I have learned to just eat it, fighting a move like that is asking for a lot of trouble. So it is hard to write hard and fast rules when trading is discretionary like that. The majority of time you will get the bounce but once in a while price will take a run and knowing when to bail out is very important. Hopefully this is clear as mud.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Thankyou very much for your details explanation. Not sure if i can sum up this way, If the trend is strong, don't flight the trend.

One more question is i understand if we don't want the EA to work, we can cancel it. Now if I already have a EA turn on for USDCHF, and later decide I want to cancel this pending order. Could you advise how to turn off ? Thankyou.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
I have in my templates a blank screen. It is not blank but a template with no EA on it, I just call it a blank. Just take the basic screen, take off the EA, change the back ground color and name it 4H blank or 60x90 blank. I just put that template on and then cancel the order. I do this for any currency pair I decide needs to be manually traded versus EA. It is how my 4H trading system works. The EA enters the trade and then I take it off and manually trade it after that.  Basically right now I let the EA handle the first 2 levels and then I handle most, but not all, my trades after that. The main reason is I enter my extra levels at S/R instead of some predetermined number. Also, if news is telling me a currency may go on a long run (more than 3-500 pips) and I am already 2 levels deep, I may choose to just take the loss instead of trying to recover the trade.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
I dont mind strong trends as long as they have their retracements. However, on rare occassions a currency will trend so strongly, the fundamental news is so big, the currency cant retrace and just runs and runs. A good example is the 10 day run of the USD/CHF last December. Those you want to avoid at all costs. The GBP/CHF maybe in one now. It keeps breaking daily S/R lines without bouncing or retracing.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Hi, Nannigbob! I used EA BUY 150 2L4H4D.10 on GBPUSD. EA has entered into the market 2009.09.18 ат 17.28/GMT+4/. BUY 1.6374. As a result the transaction was closed on SL-134 pips.Настройки were on a default in particular Stoch_TF-30. It can be necessary to change on Stoch_TF-240? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Hi, Nannigbob! I used EA BUY 150 2L4H4D.10 on GBPUSD. EA has entered into the market 2009.09.18 ат 17.28/GMT+4/. BUY 1.6374. As a result the transaction was closed on SL-134 pips.Settings were on a default in particular Stoch_TF-30. It can be necessary to change on Stoch_TF-240? Thanks.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #350 ---
[/quote]

I called a buy but the 3x3 EA has not entered yet. It is still waiting to enter the trade. Why are you in it??

--- 帖子 #351 ---
I called a buy but the 3x3 EA has not entered yet. It is still waiting to enter the trade. Why are you in it??[/quote]

I too have the ea turned on but it hasn't opend this trade yet.     matter of fact looks like it could be a pretty good day

have turned on the ea on several pairs.  now just waiting for the ea to kick in.    we shall see....    carrying over a little DD from last week but not anything too bad

good luck to all

--- 帖子 #352 ---
I am not sure what you are using here. We have not used a Sto based EA for almost 3 Years. My EAs are based on Moving averages, also the 3x3 is based on a 4H chart so no matter what TF you use it wont enter until the 3x3 cross on the 4H chart. So being on a TF 30 does not change the EA entrance. I also have no 134 pip SL on any of my EAs so I am curious as to why you closed out there??

--- 帖子 #353 ---
TAKE PROFITS

gbp/nzd +43 added a 2L and took profit
CLOSED FOR LOSS

aud/usd -50 showed a buy signal so closed the last of this trade

eur/usd -24 closed the last of this series of trades.

OPEN TRADES

chf/jpy -82

eur/gbp  L2 -161 L3 -61 well that one went nowhere yesterday.

eur/jpy L1 -198 L2 -3

gbp/chf L3 -181 L4 -0 This one went nowhere yesterday

gbp/nzd L1 -400 2L -43 Yesterday I added a 2nd level at Resistance and it went up. I added a TS and price came back and TP for a +43. This morning it dropped suddenly so I added a 2L again. See what happens. Wonder if the GBP will ever recover from dropping and people are worried about the USD, wonder what the Brits are thinking??

gbp/usd 0 just entered

nzd/jpy  -108

USD/SGD -68

usd/jpy 0 just entered

Sudden move by NZD changed my carryover but not to concerned at this poiont.

TOTALS

total for day -31

-587 for the week

Carry over -1305

Total for the month of Sept. +989

NEW TRADES

Buy aud/nzd (did a big drop but the EA has not entered yet) aud/usd aud/chf

Sell eur/cad, eur/aud,

Looks like an aud day.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
I have been testing ver 1.9 180 x 100 and the closed trades are doing OK, but not great.  In looking at the EA, I was using the default settings. It did not have anything in the TF settings. I just changed it to 240 for 4 hrs, which is what my charts are on.  That should make a lot of difference in how the EA takes trades, yes or no?   This should improve the performance shouldn't it?

--- 帖子 #355 ---
You are on the wrong thread for that EA but I will answer your question. The 180x100 EA I use is posted on page 1 1st post of the 60x90 thread. It is hard coded to the 4H chart. The one you have is someone elses with whatever changes they made. You need to go back and see what they have done with it. Right now the last two weeks are very rough on my trading systems. Several currencies are trending strongly without major retracements and it takes some headsup trading to get through this stretch. As you can see I have already taken some hits on some trades and probably will take a couple of more. I just reason if I can get through these stretches with a break even, I have done very well because then I will make money and increase my account when the currencies get back to their bouncy thing.

I can see all the NZD pairs have gone way overbought or oversold for the news story in about 6 hours and that tells me, unless there is a big suprise they will make a corrective move. I will be looking forward to that because it will  help me on several trades. Anyway good luck.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Finally seem to be getting some up and down movement again. Had a good day all around, closed the gbp/usd too early but other than that some nice moves.

TAKE PROFITS

aud/usd +88

aud/chf  +7 hit my TS

eur/aud +63

gbp/usd +90 closed this too early should have been +160-70

usd/jpy +63
CLOSED FOR LOSS

NONE

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd +26

chf/jpy 1L -80 2L 0 just added 2L

eur/cad 0

eur/gbp  L2 -143 L3 -18

eur/jpy L1 -170 L2 +23

eur/nzd +38

gbp/chf L3 -181 L4 -0 This one went nowhere yesterday

gbp/nzd L1 -357 2L -0 This one about gave me a heart attack yesterday but now seems to be finally going in the right direction. At least we hope.

nzd/chf +20

nzd/jpy 1L -90 2L +15

nzd/usd +10

USD/SGD 1L -113 2L 0

TOTALS

total for day +311

-276 for the week

Carry over -1020

Total for the month of Sept. +1300

NEW TRADES

Buy eur/nzd

Sell nzd/chf nzd/jpy nzd/usd

I actually entered all these NZD trades at the end of the eur session but they are still all good to go.

Looking for another good day. Prices will probably sit around until the FOMC statement later in the day.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Hi Bob,

I see the 1L is 0.01 and 2L is 0.10 by default. Is there any meaning 0.01 and 0.10 ? like 0.01 is 1 micro lot when enter 1L, and when enter 2L, the volume is 1 mini lot ?

Or we enter difference levels with same volume ?

thankyou

--- 帖子 #358 ---
I have no idea what you are talking about. Unless you multiply L1 by 10 you cant have a 2L of .10 from .01. There is no default for level 2. It is determined by the multiplication of Level 1.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Had a good day and cut my carryover in half. Got rid of some bad trades and am done with the gbp/nzd. Just too volatile a pair for me.

TAKE PROFITS

eur/gbp +67

gbp/chf +72

gbp/nzd +71

nzd/jpy +55

CLOSED FOR LOSS

gbp/nzd -270 closed this pair and will trade it no more too volatile for me. It just is not worth it.

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd -42

chf/jpy 1L -58 2L +22 ( I like the look of the double top on the 4H chart)

eur/cad -30

eur/gbp  -115

eur/jpy L1 -139 L2 +54

eur/nzd +100 TS set at 45 see where this one goes.

gbp/chf L3 -123

nzd/chf -6 after I posted the numbers it went flying and then came back. I still like the trade tough.

nzd/jpy 1L -5

nzd/usd +8

USD/SGD 1L -84 2L +23 I will look to zero out this trade today.

TOTALS

total for day -5

-281 for the week

Carry over -660

Total for the month of Sept. +1295

NEW TRADES

BUY eur/chf

I am starting to sit pretty with the reversals for the last two days. Got rid of my dangerous trades and you can notice how I zeroed them out with various trades. Even though I have gone through a rough stretch here you can see I have kept my total  profit up for the month. I think now I am in position to finish out the month strong. Cut my carry over in half the last two days and used my profit to get out of my ugly trades. Will see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Well I too was able to close many trades in profit today. Still have 1 pair killing me. Trying to work it back to good trade   Getting my wish if u remember.

Many pips

Justin

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Where is my shotgun? I would like to shoot the guy in my head that told me to keep one level of the gbp/chf. What in the world was I thinking anyway? dang, well recovery time again. Cant believe I missed the call on the AUD/CAD yesterday, was I blind??

What a great day, except for the gbp/chf!!

TAKE PROFITS

chf/jpy +72 +1 2L

eur/jpy +120 & -28 for +92

eur/nzd +66 hit my TS

nzd/chf +35

nzd/jpy +71

nzd/usd +58

usd/sgd +73 -34 total + 39
CLOSED FOR LOSS

aud/nzd -9 R,W,B line were all around the 85 line so I closed for a very minimum loss.

OPEN TRADES

eur/cad -178 1L 2L +22

eur/gbp  -296 1L -44 2L

gbp/chf L1 -515 L2 -115 doesnt anyone love the poung anymore

TOTALS

total for day +425

+144 for the week

Carry over -1126

Total for the month of Sept. +1720

NEW TRADES

BUY eur/chf (still diving EA has not entered the trade yet)
buys aud/chf, aud/usd eur/usd gbp/jpy gbp/usd aud/jpy (heck trade them all today)
sells aud/nzd, eur/aud, usd/cad, usd/chf, usd/sgd

gpb/chf Buy anyone, not me  already in but a strong buy signal here. Of course it has been like it for 2 weeks now. I think it really is overdue, I mean way overdue for a correction. Would really make my week and month for this one to come roaring back.

Looks like an aud, usd, gbp day. I like it when a bunch of currencies all line up overbought or oversold. Almost always, but not always, brings about an across the board reversal. So today is reversal Friday. Lets end the month with a big bang.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Margin usage thoughts. As I trade this system I have noticed that right now I am peaking at 1300 - 1500  pips in the hole at times. Using this figure and making sure you want to have  plenty of margin to cover your trades a figure of keeping yourself at no more than 10-15% of your account being used as a max. I have come up with this formula.

one penny then would need 100 dollars

nickel trade would need 500 dollars

dime trades would need 1000 dollars and

1.00 trades would need 10,000 dollars to trade with comfort.

This would keep your account within safe distances from wipeout and still give you room for a sudden unexpected run. Once an account starts using more than 15% you then would be looking to exiting losing trades to keep you under that percentage. This sounds fairly reasonable for trading a multi-level system. Any thoughts??

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Ok so it wasnt an aud, usd, gbp day. Lets see how it went though. We entered a lot of trades but basically they went nowhere so we will continue next week.

TAKE PROFITS

usd/sgd +18 hit my TS
CLOSED FOR LOSS

0
OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd      0

aud/chf   -21

aud/jpy - 115

aud/usd    +1

eur/aud   - 19

eur/chf      +1

eur/cad 1L -213  2L -21

eur/gbp     -320 1L -68 2L

eur/usd       0

gbp/chf L1 -529 L2 -150 L3 -50

gbp/jpy  L1 -192 L2 -12

gbp/usd    - 91

usd/cad     -26

usd/chf      + 5

TOTALS

total for day +18

+162 for the week

Carry over -1820 (this does seem high but 3/4 of it is in the gbp trades. I have plenty of margin so I will let it ride, however, if the gbp break resistance levels I will close a couple of my first levels with them.)

Total for the month of Sept. +1738

NEW TRADES

buys

chf/jpy, eur/jpy

Other than the gbp/chf I think I am  sitting very well going into next week. Almost all the currencies are sitting at overbought or oversold so something has to give. -729 on the GBP/CHF but that can recover quickly. I have figured the math and if I get a 213 pip retracement I break even on the trade financially so that is an easy move for that pair in one day. Once I get above 180 I will be looking to close out with a minimal loss. The others will take care of themselves I think. So looking forward to Monday and finishing the month with a nice profit.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Hi Bob,

Your strategy remind me of another guy, Bains who used to post on FF. Do you know this guy, Bains ?

For some reason, he and his whole team has disappear from FF and started own website.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
NanningBob,

Can you share the strategy (buy/sell) or give a clue for pairs next week?

I monitored your system and like the idea but at this moment I only had account with FXDD with min 0.1 lot.

I had try in demo version in forex.com that allowed me with 0.01 lots with good results applying your strateg/indicator...

Thx & good day...

--- 帖子 #366 ---
I have taken Peter Bains course 'Trading like the Big Dogs' but I dont think that is  who you are referring to.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
I post my buy/sells every day before the jpy session. All you have to do is follow along. So many guys gave this thread a negative rating I feel I need to prove they were wrong. In fact the vast majority, and probably none of them, even tried to trade the system. Over  half of the negative votes were posted before the first trade was even made. So I think their votes are basically dishonest. Like I said I have used this system for almost 3 years now and this is the final product. I think if you just do primary trades and not overmargin your account you can safely trade this profitably.

When I trade this I am using .05 on 400 dollars so if you have a 1000 or more trading .10 lots should be no probelm if that is a dime account. This system is not like my EAs in which you need lots of margin, this trading method uses much smaller margin and higher lot sizes. Most currencies will only give you 1 maybe 2 trades a week and sometimes none. So it is a very selective trading system. Basically you are trying to trade off of the high or low for the week. My study of the Forex showed me that every currency has a high or low every TF and I think the easiest to trade highs and lows is the 4H or the weekly high or low. That is the basics of this system.

Most trades you will enter and get a profit the first level. Some on the 2nd and the 3rd level on up you try to break even as best you can. Just simply playing the odds that every currency will retrace 100% of the time. That is the one absolute 100% fact I have found about the FOREX. Every currency will retrace at some point. The other key to this over my other EAs is we keep using the same lot size almost all the time. If I enter .05 1st level I will enter .05 second and .05 third level also. If it stays a level 1 trade it makes profit. If it goes two levels as long as the 2nd level retraces over 50% I make profit. If I go 3 levls the closer I get to the 2nd Level entrance the smaller my loss will be. I will increase my lot size to .08 on the 4th level so my retrace doesnt have to be as big to get to break even. I am doing that now with the gbp/chf trade so I can break even around the 200 pip retrace instead of needing 250 or more. Imagine this, the trade is over 700 pips in the hole but I only need a 200+ pip retrace to break even. Something the gbp/chf can easily do in one day. Also money wise it is not even 30 dollars in the hole, so if I have to close it out, it is by no means a killer or account killing trade. The only question is on the retrace will you make a profit or cut your losses to a  minimum. So I am trading a system that is 100% guaranteed of getting a retrace. I only need to protect myself from over margin my account. Patiently waiting for the retrace or price turnaround is the key. I think it is a simple and easy formula to follow.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Bob. Really man u have nothing to prove. U have proven yourself and your systems time and time again. We r all grateful. Haters can just go elsewhere!!

--- 帖子 #369 ---
No< i am not referring to Peter Bain. Me too, took his course. Nothing good to comment on his course.

I am referring to Brains, who start something call kanto... He avocate average down and I was deep under water since last year Aug. Anyway, its not important any more

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Ha! You are referring Brijon. He still has a thread in rookies section and a trading journal. It was really good  till market collapsed. Basically it was dependent on carry trade so when interest rates were good, system worked.

Even now it works only in AUD pairs according to him. System can revive once interest rates are normal again

--- 帖子 #371 ---
I quoted "If I enter .05 1st level I will enter .05 second and .05 third level also. If it stays a level 1 trade it makes profit. If it goes two levels as long as the 2nd level retraces over 50% I make profit. If I go 3 levls the closer I get to the 2nd Level entrance the smaller my loss will be. I will increase my lot size to .08 on the 4th level ............."

Just need your confirmation. So, if level 1 you enter 0.5 lot, in level 2, you will also enter 0.5 lots ? If price retrace 50% , can we alreadu make profit ?

If go to level 3, you will use 0.8 lot.... is there any formular that can calculate how many lot to increased on 3rd level onward ?

Also, another question is if we enter lever 3 with more lots then 1st & 2nd levels, aren't we taking excessive risk on a trade already ?

--- 帖子 #372 ---
There is an xl spreadsheet available for optimizing lot sizes in this thread or the other thread by Bob.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
That is what we did with the EAs 60x90 and 180x100 each level increases. In this though we take a different approach. Our idea is to catch the retracement at the top or bottm. the blue and white lines above/below the 15/85 lines are usually hit this around 70-80% of the time, with a level 1 or 2 trade. It does get tough when currencies are trending strongly like the pound is now. But with that thought we try to use one lot size so you can compute easily your margin usage and trade bigger lots. So it goes like this all 1L trades are profitable. All level 2 trades become profitable with a 50% retracement and all level 3 trades can break even at a 1/3 retracement from the original position. I think the odds of getting this in overbought and oversold situations are very high. I believe the returns are very good and the chances of happening very high. If we dont then we go to manual trading and try to zero out or minimize our loss. That is the basic philosophy of this system. If you get skillful at minimizing losses then profitability with this system I believe is very high.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
G'day everyone,

Just wanted to share that I'm currently in the following trades right now

GBPNZD GBPUSD GPBCHF EURGBP EURCAD USDCAD AUDCAD and all of them are in drawdown. Pretty big negatives which is quite scary but still expecting them to reverse shortly according to the indicator signals!

Otherwise, I'm hoping for some guidance on how to recover from a losing trade

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Me too, in EU, GU, UC, EG, EJ & GY. The DD is big. All these trades are so far level 1. Like EJ, i am now -212 pip with 0.05 lots and level 2 is not trigger yet. Question is when i enter level 2, do I use the same lot 0.05 ? or have to use more lots such as 0.15 lots trying to recover ?

--- 帖子 #376 ---
In this system us the same lot size, a 50% retrace gets you to break even. The gaps were killers this morning but very often they retrace quickly during the day. Too many good buys to pass up for some traders. Most currencies have been trending heavily the last 2 weeks and this happens at times. If you can survive this with as few and small of losses as possible you will get a good deal of  confidence in your trading skills. The only regret I am having right now is not completely closing out that one gbp/chf trade, all the rest can be dealt with.

Buys usd/jpy nzd/jpy chf/jpy

sells usd/chf

The gaps put the jpy in position to buy. Some of you guys may not have experienced Monday morning gaps like this before so here you go. Counter trade those bottoms and tops and get ready to close out minimum losses or minimum profits if your deep in the hole. If you are in a comfortable margin range you can try to ride this out. That is what I am doing but whenever you get some 200 pips away be ready to add a level at S/R and take the EA off so you dont have a double entry. If you want to encrease your lot size I only add a pip or two. So my  .05 are not .06 or .08 depending on the currency.

What we maybe facing is a mini collapse of the pound right now and if the ship does not right itself soon, you just have to take the loss and eat it. The gbp/jpy has just done a -1030 move with out a retrace and that is really really rare. It looks like it is going to retrace now, finally. I only need about a 240-250 retrace to break even on that one so that is doable. Exciting moments in Forex land.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
I've closed all the trades for a profit except for EG & GC. These 2 pairs I decided to close at a manageable loss as the white stoch line is almost at the other end (my understanding is that this indicates the pair is running out of steam in the current direction)

My open trades are AC, GN & GU. AC & GN still look ok to me as the white stoch is still at 'my' end of the chart, but I am worried about GU as the white stock is approaching the overbought territory..

In short the system is working great so far, Bob! However, if my open trades don't improve considerably, it will actually wipe out all my profitable trades

So, hoping for some good luck to come my way!

--- 帖子 #378 ---
OK what a day. After those gaps happened and everyone crapped in their pants things developed very well. Took lots of profit so here we go. Needed to clear out all these trades. I may have closed some early but I dont like carrying this many trades.

TAKE PROFITS

aud/chf +83

aud/jpy  +100

aud/usd    +79

chf/jpy   +20

eur/aud   +165

eur/cad +82

eur/gbp +38 I added a 3L after the gap

eur/jpy  +8 hit my TS

eur/usd +2 hit my TS

gbp/chf +67 added a 4th level after the gap

gbp/jpy  +29 added a 3rd level after the gap

gbp/usd +97

nzd/jpy  +21

usd/cad +34

usd/chf      + 18

Total for the day +843
CLOSED FOR LOSS

eur/chf -5 forgot to bring up my SL had a profit but missed it.

I know I didnt make some of my best moves closing out all these profits but I also want to begin clearing out bad trades and dont want to risk more reversals and getting deep in the hole again. So lets close out some loss here. After looking I decided to keep the GBP trades and ride the reversals.

aud/jpy -36

eur/cad -66
OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd -92 -8

eur/gbp -314 -46

gbp/chf L1 -518 L2 -139 L3 -39

gbp/jpy  L1 -194 L2 -10

gbp/usd    - 155

TOTALS

total for day +736

+736 for the week

Carry over -1515

Total for the month of Sept. +2474

NEW TRADES

buys eur/chf

sells aud/cad

--- 帖子 #379 ---
We have to face the fact that the gbp is dieing and if we have a profit total to maybe just get out. I am going to ride the gbp a little while longer but for me if I close now I still would be up over 900 pips for the month. My goal now is to walk away with as much profit as I can get for the month. You can see why I will play all the signals because it has been the constant winners from the other currencies that is keeping my month profitable. I mean I pocketed over 800 pips today and used some of them to close out some of my losses. In other words playing all the signals I could wipe out about half of my deficit but I am going to play that the gbp will move up for at least a couple of days. You can believe if I get any strong move up anytime today I will be out of all of them. So I am going to try to fight for every pip I have gained. If you really look at it other than the pound this has been a terrific month and part of trading is accepting the fact that once in a while things are not going to go your way. But the key is, the account is preserved and losses will come out of profits not my capital.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
I've closed GU for a small loss, seeing as the white stoch is in the overbought territory.

GN and AC trades are still running from last Friday.

A secondary trade has just opened on the AN.

I've turned on the EA for the following pairs as well:

Buy - EC, EN, UC, EA,

Sell - AJ, AU, AC

Most of them are secondary trades..

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Bob, wish I had read ur earlier post that you will not trade GN anymore

Argh now how am I gonna get out of this losing trade?

My original entry for this pair was at 2.23811, 2nd entry at 2.21161...

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Well, it has hit another double bottom. The gbp thing is wearing on all our trades. The gbp/nzd is now on a 1600 pip run and it hopefully should end sometime. If you want to trade that pair you need to change the reentries to about every 300 pips instead of 200 but still a run like this is very rare and doesnt happen very often. I am just lucky I have banked a lot of pips already in case I have to eat these trades. I wont lose money this month but whether I have a nice big profit or just a small one rides on the gbp retracing very soon. It is dropping 500 points at a time and retracing 150 and that just is not enough to get a good clean out. So I am with you on these, I dont want to eat the loss but I dont want to  give back most my profit either. At least the gbp/chf and gbp/jpy are showing signs of finally reversing. They both are having higher lows and that is a good sign. Maybe the gbp/usd and gbp/nzd will follow suit. Enter at the support line now and hope it bounces up like the other two did. Remember this run is in its third week, the pound is just getting pounded all across the board right now.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Bingo I am out of the gbp/chf trade thank you retrace.  You may ask why did I take it now. It hit the middle band of the BB and I didnt want to find out whether it would continue or not. Best exit I have had for that trade in probably two weeks. YEAH.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Bob, greatly appreciate your advice. My luck just took a turn for the better, the gbpnzd has just gone up briefly so that my 2L trade generated enough profit to cancel out the 1L trade and still manage to show a small profit. As the pair is approaching the 4H resistance line and I'm too chicken to see if it will break it or respect it, I have closed both trades.

I will now stay away from the gbpnzd until it is safe to trade again...

Right now the EA has just triggered trades across most of the pairs, I now have trades open on the following:

Sell - audcad, audjpy, audnzd, audusd

Buy - euraud, eurcad, usdcad

New trades (EA on but trades not yet triggered):

Sell - audchf

Buy - eurnzd

It's only Tuesday, still lots of time for the pairs to show some activity yes?

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Yes that is exactly how to do it. You dont play with trades that have put you in the hole. If it did not break resistance and went back into its downtrend it would kill you. Now that all the trades have closed if the trend continues you can put a buy on the other side of the R line and benefit if it does break Resistance. If it doesnt you got out of your bad trade in good shape. So playing the market this way can create a Win Win for you. If price continues to go up, you pick up the trade just as it breaks the Resistance line, (a low risk trade in my opinion) and if it bounces off and goes back down, you got rid of a bad trade with very little damage or a small profit. So you played exactly by the book. That is how it is done.  After you have done this a couple of times your trading experience and confidence will soar and you will begin developing a trading patience because you will know exactly what you will do with price, whether it goes against you or for you. It is a good feeling.

The gbp/nzd is the most volatile currency of the big 8 (eur, chf, gbp, usd, jpy, aud, nzd, cad) without going to exotics so you will face this scenario more often with it than any other currency pair. If you want practice getting out of trouble that is the perfect currency to use. It will do long runs of 1500-2500 several times a year so if you want to trade that kind of excitement be my guest. I dont think I will play with it anymore.

Also, now that price action is picking up you will find more trades during the day than we did during the slower summer months. Good luck and glad to hear the good news.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
"Bob, greatly appreciate your advice. My luck just took a turn for the better"

I know you feel lucky at this point but the only truth I know about FOREX that is 100% true is what goes up must come down and what goes down must come. That is always true all the time. It is just a matter of not overmargining your account or playing with too big of lots. I have learned to play those S/R lines. Entering and TP at those lines is the foundation of everything I try to do with my trading.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
[quote=nanningbob;3102172]"Bob, greatly appreciate your advice. My luck just took a turn for the better"

Hi Bob,

Last week, I buy EJ at 133.90. it then drop >400 pip to 129 and my 2level still never get trigger. I am using 150 2L. Can you advise what happen ?

I turn off and on my laptop, could this be the reason why the 2nd level wasn't get trigger ?

Usually after level 1 get trigger, we have to manage the trade manually for the TP and SL. So, do we turn off the level 2 after level one get trigger ? When do we turn off the EA ?

thankyou

--- 帖子 #388 ---
[quote=nico28;3102463]
I would not use the 150 with the E/J but I will look into the 150 tonight and see what is wrong. You would try to handle the trade manually if there is a  problem. Turning on and off the computer should not affect the EA I would think since it still would register one live trade going.  Turning on and off the computer however does affect it closing trades. So if you closed a trade and turned it off and back on it would not know it is suppose to continue closing.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
I teach all day today so have to run quickly. Out of trouble for now and protected my profits for the month. It ended up being a good month even though we battled several trades. Decided to keep the gbp/jpy trade because it still looks good. Backed it down to one level just in case though. Hopefully it wont do what the gbp/chf did.

TAKE PROFITS

gbp/ jpy +43

eur/chf +10

CLOSED FOR LOSS

I am out gbp/chf and eur/gbp

-336 +41 +141 for -154

eur/gbp -248 +20 for -218
OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd -107 -23

aud/cad -20

gbp/jpy  L1 -113

gbp/usd  -75

TOTALS

total for day -327

+407 for the week

Carry over -318

Total for the month of Sept. +2484

NEW TRADES

buys eur/aud eur/usd

sells aud/chf usd/chf

--- 帖子 #390 ---
[quote=nanningbob;3103306]
Why you would not recommend using 150 with EJ ?

when use 150, does that mean every 150 pip, the EA will enter next level when there is 3x3MA cross ?

So, as long as no 3x3 cross, 2nd position may end up enter say 300 or 400 pip away from 1st level enter ?

--- 帖子 #391 ---
[quote=nico28;3103481]
NO. once the first level is entered the EA will reenter every 150 pips from the first position. So a currency like EJ which can move 4-600 pips in one day, the 150 is not enough room. I always use the 200 with it.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
[quote=nanningbob;3103672]
I see. I though with the EA turn on, 2nd level will Only trigger when there is a 3x3 MA crossed ?

I read your few post saying you were save by the EA because as long as the 3x3 never cross, the EA will not trigger 2nd level or even 3rd level ?

Did I understand wrong ?

Thankyou, bob

--- 帖子 #393 ---
No 2nd and 3rd will reenter every "x" pips if not going your way.

I say "x" because u can set this to b what u want. (depending on particular pair)

What he was saying was that he turned the ea on and it never entered the 1st trade because of no cross. He was saying this is a plus because without the ea he would have entered manually to early. But because ea waits for 3 3 cross the trade was never opened in the first place

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Thankyou. So it is my misunderstanding. The 3x3 cross is only apply to 1st trade (entry)

2nd & 3rd levels entry is simply re-enter after "x" pip.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Yes that is correct

--- 帖子 #396 ---
TODAY IS END OF MONTH REPORT

The month started out great, hit a lot of rough spots in the middle but fought our way out and then the last week finished strong. Ended up being a very good month despite the GBP runs that gave us all heart palpitations.
TAKE PROFITS

aud/cad +40

gbp/usd +42

eur/usd +4

usd/chf +45

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd -158 -80

eur/aud -169 -54 dumb mistake here entered 2nd level too early

gbp/jpy  L1 -113

aud/chf -121 2L 0

TOTALS

total for day +131

+538 for the week

Carry over -695

Total for the month of Sept. +2651
Aug. 2009 Total  +1020 pips

Sept. 2009 total +2651 pips p. 27 post #396

+3671 pips since Aug. 16 Dang thats good. Hey guys/gals that is the best trading I have ever done, have never even gotten close to doing that before. I am going to take my wife out for dinner tonight, best restaurant I can find in town. See ya.

NEW TRADES

buys eur/nzd eur/cad

sells usd/chf (yes again) nzd/chf eur/chf

Looks like a chf and eur day.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
"Interbank FX now offering no fee credit card deposits"

IBFX feeling the competition heat.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Hi Nanninbob,

Congratulations for your results, I think it is a really good strategy, I have read your document with great interest, thank you for putting so much effort on your strategies.

I have started to demo test the 4H from mid-Sep with moderate success.  I am not comfortable with big drawdawns, so I select a tight SL based on the last swing high/low.  The Win/Loss proportion is reduced,  (at the moment roughly to 50%), however the winners are higher than the losers.  I have just used the basic strategy first (white/blue/red above 85/under 15) and intend to introduce slowly the other ones.

But  I am just wondering, have you tried the use of this strategy for daily and weekly? I understand that SL would be increased but also profits.

Again thank you for your work. Really inspiring.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Once in a while some people report using Daily etc. I am just comfortable with the weekly. I make my calls ever day before the jpy session and just let them run. So that is just my preference, if Daily charts ring your bell it would be better to probably use a 1x1 EA or enter off of support and resistance lines with pending orders. But I like the 4H. Mid September is when we had the difficult trades and that showed up in my results also so you have to understand every strategy has its bumps in the road but how you handle them determines whether you become a successful trader or not. Good luck and thanks for the compliments.

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Today was a very good day. Liked it nailed 353 pips

TAKE PROFITS

aud/nzd +14

aud/chf -25  +51

eur/aud +98 -18 my dumb mistake turned out good, wow, made a mistake trading and it turned out good. How many of you ever have that happen.

eur/cad +68

eur/chf +22

eur/nzd +112

nzd/chf  +31

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd -106

gbp/jpy  L1 -298 L2 0 Someone please tell my why am I hanging onto this trade? Am I suicidal or what??

aud/chf -121 2L 0

usd/chf 0

TOTALS

total for day +353

+891 for the week

Carry over -525

NEW TRADES

buys aud/cad chf/jpy eur/jpy eur/usd,

sells

Why am I taking the eur/jpy, because it is at the same support line I took the last trade even though my lines are not the same. This would be a secondary trade. I am going to change my book on secondary trades to be more selective. See the chart below and notice the support line and two yellow checks. Blue and White are on the bottom and red is in the middle. Double bottom here, should be a nice trade. Again when I take a trade, I am only turning on the EA. If price goes South unexpectedly I am not in until it crosses the 3MA. That is a very good safety feature of my system. Instead of a stop loss like normal trading I let the EA be my patience for me.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
OK guys just to let you know, I live and work in China and we have a week off for their 60th celebration and they also have a mooncake festival. I may not get up early enough to post every morning. When it is 8pm EST USA it is 8 am here, so you will have to forgive me if I sleep in until 10 some mornings. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Hi Bob,

Just would like to share with everyone that after applying this trading strategy for a week, my experience has been very positive and it has been correct in predicting the future direction of almost every pair I have traded, very likely to be around the 80-85% mark that Bob mentioned in one of this earlier posts in this thread.

I'm very happy with the results of this week's trading using Bob's 4H trading system. It did go into pretty deep drawdown several times, many hundred pips deep which made me sweat a little, but because I have developed confidence (faith??) in Bob's system, I just hanged on, and the price turned back in my/our favour in the end allowing us to close with a profit (:

I've closed most of my trades for a profit, some for a small manageable loss.

Currently my open trades are:

AUDCAD, AUDCHF, CHFJPY, EURAUD, EURCAD, EURJPY, GBPCHF, USDCAD, USDCHF

Of these, the only ones I am watching very closely are:

AUDCHF, EURAUD, EURCAD, USDCAD

This is because the white stoch is already (almost) at the other end. I'm most worried about EURCAD and USDCAD as I have a couple of trades open for those pairs, that are in significant negative figures at the moment..

Thanks again Bob for your system. I am hoping to get as good as you eventually with more practice.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Thanks for the report. Because the Pound is in such trouble right now I have quit trading the gbp/chf. It will trend terribly if the pound or chf are in trouble. However, it is a great currency to trade when they are not. SO I am putting it on the shelf right now. The only GBP currencies I am going to do is the gbp/usd and gbp/jpy. Both the usd and jpy are strong enough currencies to force a retracement. Eventhough the eurgbp doesnt go far, it is such a slow moving currency it seems like it takes weeks at times to finish a trade. Even though the DD may seem large at times if you play with small enough lots or enough funds and margin, I stay out of trouble. That has always been my biggest fault, always trying to push the EAs a little too  hard.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Always appreciate your valuable insights, Bob. Something that can only come with experience that I severely lack right now

--- 帖子 #405 ---
I have added buys for nzd/jpy and nzd/ usd for the same reason as I did for the eur/jpy. See pics below. This may become my new definition for a secondary trade and I will change my book. Notice the first set of arrows where I took the trade earlier and made profit. The second set shows that the red is not quite there but the Support line is the same. Again the reasoning is if Support is broke the EA will not enter. If it bounces off support like last time the EA will enter the trade. I LIKE THIS WIN WIN  For the nzd/usd the trade is more of a primary trade than a secondary trade but you get the idea, I HOPE. Also both trades are at the bottom of the 40MA BB. I have switched to the 40 MA BB even though I have the 20MA in  my book and templates. I like it better and helps to keep me out of some bad trades better.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
I quoted " Again the reasoning is if Support is broke the EA will not enter. If it bounces off support like last time the EA will enter the trade..."

1.   Bob, you mentioned above is assuming you have not any open position yet. Correct me if I am wrong again, When we see the white, blue & red beyond 15 line, we turn on the EA. Am I right ?

2.   If price go against 1st level and went against by 200 pip, we will manually put a buy limit 200 pip away from our 1st level entry price without tuning on the EA any more ?

3.   So, your statement abobe "if Support is broke the EA will not enter ............ is referring to 1st level entry ?

4.   "If it bounces off support like last time the EA will enter the trade" when it bounce off support, EA will enter, why ? Is it because the 3x3 cross when price bounce off the support, therefore trigger the EA to enter position ?

Thankyou for your time .

--- 帖子 #407 ---
I am sorry, bob. You have ansered me already before that EA will automatic re-enter 2nd & 3rd levels every 150 or 200 pip when trade go against our 1st entry.

My next question is when EA re-enter 2nd level, what if the white, blue , red are not beyond 15 and 85 line ? Or put it another way, when EA reenter 2nd level or 3rd level, must we wait for white/red/blue line to cross beyond 15 or 85 line ?

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Bob, you mentioned above is assuming you have not any open position yet. Correct me if I am wrong again, When we see the white, blue & red beyond 15 line, we turn on the EA. Am I right ?

Yes you turn the EA on. I no longer enter my first position manually because even though there is a good chance price will bounce off of support there is also a certain percentage of chance it wont. The EA addition to this system is what saves me some considerable headaches. Doesnt stop all the entrances that arent retraces but it catches enough of them for the system to be profitable consistently. Before I did the EA thing I found my self getting into trouble too often.

2. If price go against 1st level and went against by 200 pip, we will manually put a buy limit 200 pip away from our 1st level entry price without tuning on the EA any more ?

The EA 200 is set for 3 levels and the 150 is set for two levels. You can let the EA handle it or you can do it yourself using support or resistance levels. I will do both types depending on the currency and how I think the market will be doing. If I have the 200 EA on and I see a S/R at -180 I will enter at the S/R so I dont have to wait 180 pips to break even. If I get the entrance then I am only 90 pips from break even. The same thing if the S/R line is at -220. I will then manually put a pending order at the 220 and turn off the EA. So I read the market some but most of the trading in the first two levels is handled by the EA.

3.   So, your statement abobe "if Support is broke the EA will not enter ............ is referring to 1st level entry ?

Yes, I do not enter the trade. For instance the usd/chf trade i called yesterday took almost 16 hours before the EA entered.(See pic below) Line 1 is when I made the trade call. Line 2 is when the EA entered. The EA held out for almost another 40 pips. That is 40 pips extra profit or 40 pips of less risk on that trade. You can see by the pic what a better position the trade is now. If it goes against me I am 200 or 150 pips from my next position instead of 160 or 110. These little things is what makes trading much more successful. You multiply 40 by 10 trades and your talking some real money.

4. "If it bounces off support like last time the EA will enter the trade" when it bounce off support, EA will enter, why ? Is it because the 3x3 cross when price bounce off the support, therefore trigger the EA to enter position ?

When the 3MA line crosses the 3MA shift 1 you have a reversal or retrace and the EA will enter the trade. Most of the time you will have some kind of move in your direction. Once you clear some profit and bring your SL or TS up you have a guaranteed winner. You can see by my closes every day I get lots of small profits and one or two currencies will run. They all add up. This takes the pressure off of your trading. You set the SL or TS, turn off the EA and let it run. I live and work in China and I usually set my SL TS before the USA session and go to bed. I get up and give my report to you. Imagine sleeping during the most volatile period of trading but that is what I do. I set my trades in the morning before I go to work before the jpy session and then usually add my SL TP TS before the USA session and I am done. I just peek at the score once in a while.

If you get 3-6 currencies in this positioin, something good will happen. If my run percentage is 10-20% I dont have to sit at the computer wondering should I close or let it run. What happens if I lose the profit I have? I dont worry about those things anymore. I put the odds in my favor that 1 or 2 will run and the others will give me some pocket change. To me that is so much better than hoping my one or two trades a day will score.

I am trying to be different than any other thread that exists. I give my trades and logic before the market moves not the next day when it is obvious what you should have done. This looks like a great trade but no trader guru I know would come back and say. See this great trade I did and it went 100 pips against me. You get to see this live. I get tired of these guys who come around after the fact and say, I am a fund manager of gadziillion customers or funds and I have traded blah blah blah years, and you should have blah blah blah yesterday ............. or never do blah blah blah .......... let them come online and post their picks and let us see how good they really are. SHeeeeeeeesh

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Not quite sure what you are asking here but I will try. Once I enter the trade I now concetrate on the trade and S/R levels. If I enter all below 15 and now they are all above 85 and still have not made a profit. I know I am in trouble and will get out. You dont have to wait for R,W,B lines to do anything but in my decision making I will close a trade in profit when.

1. White has gone to opposite end.

2. White and blue are at opposite end.

3. Price has hit S/R and I dont think it will continue

4. Price has hit the middle BB band

5. Price has hit the opposite BB band.

Those are my 5 profit points.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
I am loving your two posts (quoted below)

Good stuff, mate. Will keep these in mind when trading..

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Another nice day +435, man when this system is clicking its clicking. No long trends going on right now and it shows on the scoreboard. Oct. 3 and my account is already up 7% for the month. Too bad it doesnt do this everyday but we all know it wont. Enjoy it while it lasts.

TAKE PROFITS

chf/jpy    +63

eur/jpy    +68

eur/usd    +90

nzd/jpy    +75

nzd/ usd   +58

usd/chf    +98

CLOSED FOR LOSS

aud/nzd -17 If I had hung in there longer it would have profited but I didnt know it would break support. Seemed like a good move at the time.

OPEN TRADES

aud/cad -75 I was up about +20 but didnt get my SL and TP in now will have to look for a retracement

gbp/jpy L1 -390 L2 -92 3L +63 Well it had to go and make a double bottom. Ok time to go up now OK nice little pound, We love the British. God save the queen. Xie xie (Chinese for thank you for changing directions and going up now  )

TOTALS

total for day +435

+1326 for the week

Carry over -474

NEW TRADES

buys aud/cad, aud/chf, aud/jpy, aud/usd,

sells  eur/aud, usd/sgd,
Secondary trades

buy: gbp/usd (almost double bottom like the gbp/jpy)

sell:  usd/cad I have already entered  +11 but I had not called it. See pic below.

USD/CAD trade, when price broke through the R (dotted red line) and it did not hold. That was enough of signal for me to treat it as a secondary trade. You can look to the left of the screen and see where I drew a white line. It had not broken through these R lines in the  past so I felt safe enough to turn on the EA. If price had not gone down the EA would not have entered but price did so bingo, I am in. Compare this with the aud/chf where I looked for a secondary trade bouncing off the two blue support lines and the middle BB band. Price did not bounce off the support but continued on through. The EA did not enter the trade so we wait until it does. When it works it works

Monday I will put my SL and TS to make is a guaranteed winner and away we go. You notice that today I started a Secondary trade section to keep them separate from primary trades. This way you can understand the difference between the two and why I take some and dont take others.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Hi Bob, could you please summarise or point me to the post where you describe your tips for detecting possible whiplash when using your system?

Fei Chang Gan Xie Ni!

--- 帖子 #413 ---
When we see a trade we want to take- which EA ( what time frame) is best to turn the EA on?

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Whip lash is when you enter a trade and price goes against you. We solve that problem by not using SL but reentering again at another level. So we multi level trade instead of a SL and reenter later of most trading systems. That is how we solve the whiplash problem.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Well thats me up to date on the 6090 and this thread, its taken a week to trawl through it and i bookmarked a few pages with useful info to come back to.

Bob, firstly I'd like to say thanks, for sharing and how do you have the patience for such a comprehensive manual.

Tonight I will be setting up a 4h 3x3 trial for me to get used the system and its peculiarities, I have Monday off work so I may catch you online at some point and pick your brains as I suspect you will be making the most of the chinese holiday.

I'll post my results, then you won't feel you are talking to yourself so much

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Nice strong moves at the JPY open today. Bring your SL up and protect your profits. I will be out of the gbp/jpy move soon at break even.  Man what a good month so far. This will be a good day to TP at S/R and then put a new order on the other side of the S/R line to see if price keeps running. Get the MAX profit but still stay in the trade if it runs.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Here is my Eur/Aud trade going live right now. The move this moring allowed a nice entrance and it broke through a support line. I placed my SL just above the line to  protect my profit so I dont turn a winner into a loser and I put my TP at the next line. Hopefully, it will keep going but if it retraces I secured my  profit. Sometimes price will peek over a S/R line and retrace, sometimes they run. Either way I am set on this trade. Here is a pic.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Hi Bob,

Dun understand your 242 recovery system especially number of lots to re-enter to recover the loss. For example, if i trade the 2L150 with each level entered with 0.2 lot. So how many lots should I apply when use 242 recovery ?

If i use 3L200 with 0.2 lot each level, how many lots again to apply 242 recovery ? Thankyou

--- 帖子 #419 ---
My H4 just closed, got about 13 signals from 20 charts....not sure if thats normal.

Closest I see right now is CADJPY and GBPJPY looking almost identical, am I on the right track here?

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Not quite sure what your seeing right now but I dont have any signals at this time. Here is the gbp/jpy. Only the white line is above the 85, blue and red are not there yet. Price is at the center of the BB which is no mans land. I would not take that trade. You want to be at the extremes. R,W,B above or below the 15 and 85 and price be at the top or bottom of the BB bands. Then you can turn the EA on. That is the heart of the system.

Maybe you are thinking of taking it as a secondary trade but if you are new to this system I would stick to only primary trades. I seldom take secondary trades right now. If I do it is because price is at the high on the screen or the low of the screen. Right now price is in the middle so you dont take it now. The only secondary trade I would take with the gbp/jpy would be if it was bouncing off of support for a third time. I would take that trade but not one in the middle of the chart.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Hi Bob :

First I like to thanks you for a beautiful system. I just started to use it .

Market now quite quiet but manage to get some trade. Now I got short

the euro/dlr hope it goes well. Maybe all waiting for ISM news to get moving.

I also like your recovery plan hope I got chance to use it.

Many thanks again.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
I'm not sure where you see this setup.

Nothing lines up except the 3 cross.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Hi Ben :

Thanks for being around to response. Or I be talking to myself.

Yes I attach a pic to let you see sorry I unable to add circle or arrow on the pic. Its around 5th Oct 1600 near bottom of pic you see the cross of W and B so I short it. Am I doing the correct way.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #424 ---
although bouncing off BB pretty good and it seems to be in pretty good downtrend.  I personally didn't take this trade because all not all are in overbought area.  I like to see all stoch lines above or below to buy or sell like in the below pic.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
I'm new to the system myself, but as I understand it.......

The price is "in no man's land" as Bob calls it, as well as the bottom chart lines above 85, the top half of the chart also has to be touching the Bollinger lines.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Agree with both Ben and jtmoore, if you take the trade when the price is at the middle of the BB bands, then you must accept that it would NOT be the safest trade that the system can offer you.

I entered a sell trade trade on that same pair a few hours later as you can see in the attached chart below. By that time, both the white AND blue stoch lines have risen above the 85 line, and the price is closer to the upper bollinger band so there is now a better chance of the price reversing direction.

However, even at this point, it is still not a primary trade signal, as the red line is not at the top together with the white+blue lines. It is not even a secondary signal by the original manual's definitions, as that would require the red line to be almost in the middle around the 50 line.

So, I know I was taking a risk when I placed my sell order because of the above factors. Hope this makes things clearer.

Bob, please correct me if I am wrong in any way. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Open trades:
BUY

AUDCAD - I still hoping for a retrace, even though it seems more and more unlikely. I currently have 2 negative trades on this one.

SELL

EURUSD - I am counting on the R line and upper BB to knock price back down

EA is on for the following pairs:
SELL

NZDUSD - looks like it might be bouncing off the daily R of 22/09

AUDJPY - possible secondary trade

AUDCHF,AUDUSD - I am counting on a few daily R lines around the current price, in combination with the white stoch in the overbought territory

EURCHF - Although it appears the pair is in no-man's land, I've turned on the EA as I am hoping it will bounce off the R line that has held since 25/09.

BUY

EURNZD - approaching primary trade signal

EURAUD - downward movement losing momentum and white stoch is under 15. It is also near a previous daily support line which might have turned into an R line, so am guesssing it might reverse in price soon

USDSGD - white+blue stochs under 15, price close to lower BB and S lines

AUDNZD - approaching primary trade signal

USDCAD - white+blue stochs in the right place and price is close to S lines

Bob, if you have time, please do comment on any of my trades that you see lacking sufficient justification

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Your logic is sound. The only reason you would take this trade is if your a fundamental trader and you believe the dollar is strengthening and the Euro is weakening, which is the view of some fundamental traders right now. There have been so many primary trades the last 10 days that when they dry up we start looking for trades that arent quite there yet. Again, when we start taking trades in the middle it could get sticky. Price has just made a major slide up or down on major currencies and the new High/Low has not been fully established yet. If that is the new high the trade will be fine, if it is not, well, we will see where it goes.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Nice day but a different one. Almost all the action happened right out of the box during the jpy session. Once that happened price sat on a stool and waited all day. Waiting can be tough. I brought all my SL up and price retraced and hit them. A couple kept running but there are days like this.
TAKE PROFITS

aud/cad, +11 once back in profit put my SL up and TS, hit my TS

aud/chf,  +13 same as above

aud/jpy,  +73 same as above

aud/usd, +22 closed this too early bad move on my part.

eur/aud,  +42 same as above

usd/sgd,  +11 closed this morning

CLOSED FOR LOSS

gbp/jpy +160 +68 - 230 for a -2 I am out of that one without a scratch

OPEN TRADES

all my trades were closed in profit yesterday. I have no open trades with this system.

TOTALS

total for day +170

+1498 for the week

Carry over 0

NEW TRADES
primary trades

none
Secondary trades
BUYS usd/sgd, usd/cad, aud/nzd
SELLS  nzd/usd,  nzd/chf

--- 帖子 #430 ---
OK secondary trades Eur/USD versus NZD/USD. Why I chose one and not the other. The NZD/USD is at a strong resistance line and is at the top of your screen. The chances of it going down here is very strong. The EUR/USD is in the middle and could go either way. Not as good of a trade. So even thought the R,W,B, lines are identical for both pairs, I choose one over the other. See the pics below. Does that mean the eur/usd is a bad trade, maybe not because if it has established its new high, it is a great trade, if not then it will continue to go up. The NZD/USD however, is hitting its previous recent high. I stand a good chance of it bouncing here. If the USD has continued weakness both trades will be bad. If the USD strengthens both trades will be good. If price is just going to bounce around, drifting then the nzd/usd will be good. So that is my choice. Same with NZD/CHF and USD/SGD.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Open trades:
BUY

AUDCAD - I still hoping for a retrace, even though it seems more and more unlikely. I currently have 2 negative trades on this one.
Probably should have closed when it hit the middle BB. That is what I did with that trade. When price got back to profit I tightened up my SL and took it. Made only +11 but I felt that was the best I may get and it was.
SELL

EURUSD - I am counting on the R line and upper BB to hit price back down
See my debate in the nzd/usd vs. eur/usd. It may or may not be a good trade.

EA is on for the following pairs:
SELL

NZDUSD - looks like it might be bouncing off the daily R of 22/09
YUP

AUDJPY - possible secondary trade
Near the middle of BB, I dont like those trades anymore unless I know the fundamentals are strong. I dont like trying to keep up on the fundamentals of so many currencies.

AUDCHF,AUDUSD - I am counting on a few daily R lines around the current price, in combination with the white stoch in the overbought territory
I sometimes will take a secondary trade near the BB center but not a whole currencies worth. If the AUD continues a run up, you will be in trouble on all of them. Choose the best one and go with it but leave the others alone.

EURCHF - Although it appears the pair is in no-man's land, I've turned on the EA as I am hoping it will bounce off the R line that has held since 25/09.
If you want to be a traditional S/R trader, your reasoning is sound. But to multi level these trades may not be the best move. Put on traditional SL on them on the other side so you dont have a bunch of trades going into the hole. You then can keep a couple and not end up committing a lot of margin into the trades. If the EA never enters the trades then you will be OK. I have never tried S/R trading using my EA like this. Certainly would be an interesting study.

BUY

EURNZD - approaching primary trade signal

EURAUD - downward movement losing momentum and white stoch is under 15. It is also near a previous daily support line which might have turned into an R line, so am guesssing it might reverse in price soon

USDSGD - white+blue stochs under 15, price close to lower BB and S lines

AUDNZD - approaching primary trade signal

USDCAD - white+blue stochs in the right place and price is close to S lines
Before I began using an EA with this system, I always got into trouble by getting in too early manually trading. I will wait for a little stronger confirmation. I almost called the USD/CAD this morning since I had called the others also. That one is a good trade possibility. I may take that one later before the EUR session if it still looks good. Awwwwwwww, you convinced my on that one. I will take the USD/CAD and AUD/NZD also. So for me its a NZD, USD day.

Bob, if you have time, please do comment on any of my trades that you see lacking sufficient justification

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #432 ---
aud/jpy why it maybe good/why it maybe bad. The AUD/JPY has a lot of secondary trade signals. Strong R/S area (see white line) white crossing blue potential. EA wont enter unless strong move down. Eur is showing weakness lately.

Why it maybe bad. There is still room to go to top of BB band. It is in the middle of chart.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
USD/CAD near the recent lows. Took this trade earlier around the same spot for nice profit. Nice secondary trade. Same with AUD/NZD. I would consider the USD/CAD and AUD/NZD much better secondary trades over the eur/usd and aud/jpy. Hope this makes sense.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
I understand your confusion. All levels are the same in the 4H system but in my other systems the lots increase. When you get to the 4th level in the 4H system you can keep the lot size the same or increase it. Depends what you are comfotable with. I have been increasing the lot size at level 4 so I can recover a little more quickly but it is not double. I have been trading .05 lots and have increased to .07 or .08 on the 4th level. If you use the 150 that is for the slower currencies, I wouldnt use it on the more volatile ones. So that is why you maybe confused on the recovery system.

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Thankyou bob.

ook like EZ is going to offer up an opportunity to long today .

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Yes it looks good. The one thing I really like about the Eur/nzd is when it bounces back, it bounces strong so that will be worth looking at. Also change the 20MA on your BB to a 40 MA. I think it gives a much better read on a currency. I like it better anyway. I hope to update my currency book soon into a second edition. Some of the changes will be switching the BB to a 40 MA, better rules on taking secondary trades, dividing currencies into slow, medium, volatile, very volatile ratings and putting the 2.4.2 recovery system in.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
One thing nice about this system is you can see a future trade coming. You know when this one turns around it most likely will be good. However, it sometimes will take days for it to do this, sometimes not. I was talking to a trader last night and he talked about how he is used to trading the 15M chart. He told me watching a 4H chart is like watching paint dry. A 4H chart is great for watching what price is doing for the week and seeing what it has done for the last month (last 4 weeks plus this week) so enjoy watching paint dry .

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Bob, I used to think I could not trade on the 4H chart either. But now I am a convert

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Bob, your assessment of the EURUSD is turning out to be accurate. I should not have jumped into the short trade so soon.

Let this be a warning to everyone!!

UPDATE:

Just great, I should not have gone into the trade on those AUD pairs. Something has obviously happened and all my trades around the zero mark or in profit are now nice fat negatives with the recent spike - EURAUD, AUDUSD and AUDCHF.

Grrreat.. I'm preparing to pull out 2L on these trades once a R line or S line forms...

--- 帖子 #440 ---
I should have mentioned there was the AUD interest rate story today. They raised it a quarter  point. That makes the AUD & NZD market move but not enough to go outside the range of the EAs. I  post those notices in the 60x90 thread but not here. The reason I dont is because I end up entering after the news when the dust has settled. The news sends a currency to its extremes and then my indicators show it is time for a retacement. Probably in the next day or two the AUD pairs will show up as trades. The news stories push price out of the middle to the top or bottom of the BB bands, (probably happen today) The next day or day after price will retrace and we take advantage of it. If a story is very very strong then it will run up the BB bands and we try to survive the move. When it finally retraces we get out with a small loss or profit. The currency then establishes new highs and lows and we trade it again. Most of the time the market is bouncing between two points and then spurts to the new level. There are traders who love to trade the breakouts. There are those who try to pick the trend but I like to trade the rebounds back to center. So, stay out of the center.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Hi Bob,

Do you recommend to change the BB to 40MA for all the currencies or just Eur/Nzd?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Hi Bob,

I have just realised that you recommend BB 40 MA for all pairs in post #405.  Sorry for asking something that has been already answered.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Here we go, my 1st trade from this system, EURNZD buy @ 2.00443.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Really??? i have the buy ea on and it didn't open the trade. i have openend the nzdjpy but the en didn't open en yet and im glad it hasn't. not sure why yours would have opened. What time did you turn ea on?

im not seeing a 33 cross yet!

nj just crossed so the trade opened

--- 帖子 #445 ---
2009.10.06 14:43:43    BUY 200 3L4H5D .01 EURNZD,H4: open #69078369 buy 0.01 EURNZD at 2.00443 sl: 1.90443 ok

just over an hour ago and it opened a trade about 10 seconds later

im using alpari uk

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Why do you think the survey gave such widely varying results?

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Survey?

--- 帖子 #448 ---
open trades....

--- 帖子 #449 ---
people just answer these to be dicks.  i saw where 1 guy said he always votes as negatively as possible just so the thread starter doesn't get a big head.  really dumb.  i wouldn't look to these surveys for any real value.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Ah!! he meant the poll... on an earlier post, Bob said something like 15 people voted negatively before the 1st trading day.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Hiya Ben, I should be in the same trade as you.

2009.10.06 16:00:05: order was opened : #2198169 buy 0.01 EURNZD at 2.00535 sl: 0.00000 tp: 0.00000

The trade was opened about 14 hours after I enabled the EA.

I'm using GoMarkets (GMT+2).

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Quiet day not much happening yesterday but today looks like a really good day for entering trades.  Some of you jumped in early yesterday but I will be turning my EA on now.
TAKE PROFITS

aud/nzd +52

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

nzd/chf   -33

nzd/usd, -42

usd/sgd, -16

usd/cad, has not entered yet

TOTALS

total for day +52

+ 222 for the week

+1550 for the month

Carry over -91

NEW TRADES
primary trades
BUYS eur/cad, eur/nzd, gbp/nzd (hesitating on gbp but will try),usd/cad
SELLS aud/jpy, aud/usd, eur/usd (now I will take the eur/usd)
Secondary trades
BUYS eur/aud, usd/jpy
SELLS aud/chf (see explanation next post)

So it looks like its a NZD, AUD, USD day.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Primary trades are pretty easy to pick out but secondary trades seem to be more troublesome. I will use the aud/chf for an example today. Actually this one was easy to spot. First all the other aud currencies have lined up for trades. Second it is reaching its previous recent high which was also a primary trade. Third it just had a long run of 11 of 13 bull candles so a retrace or turnaround should be expected soon. Fourth, you are almost hitting the top of the BB band. So put the sell EA on it, expect to maybe hit or get close to the resistance line and enter sometime later in the day.

Second pic is the eur/aud, same reasons but it is a buy plus looks like a solid double bottom here.

USD/JPY triple bottom. So those are good solid secondary trades confirmed by other pairs in the same currency being primary trades.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Hi Bob,

Tomorrow will be the Australian unemployment rate news release. How should we prepare for this, if possible? Any other news to consider?

On behalf of all of us here, thanks a gazillion

--- 帖子 #455 ---
That should not affect us much. When I worry about news stories, I worry about ones that will push prices hundreds or thousand of pips. The only ones I know that do that are large interest rate stories, sudden war and trillion dollar bailouts. The other news stories if they push 200-300 pips is one reentry, maybe 2 in my system. Well within the range of my EA. My favorite are spikes. I make money on those. Price will move up 100-200 pips when brokers and banks want to clear out SL. I just add a position and then ride the spike back down again. Many times my EA will catch it right at the top when price pauses. Usually price is moving too fast for the order to get in. Wnen it stops to reverse the order is taken and then FREE MONEY. Doesnt happen very often, maybe two or three times a year, but when it does fantastic. The next day all the traders are complaining about their lousy brokers and how they got ripped and I am smiling. I like beating them at their own game.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Just placed the sell EA on EURCHF

placed a few trailing stops today to secure profit, most closed out now

I have a few running -ve pips but nothing to worry about

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Damn FOREX market is being a pain. I have currently have a massive drawdown in my account now, mostly due to positions on AUDCHF, EURAUD, AUDUSD & EURCHF.

I have the most DD in the underlined pairs but the 4H stochs are still at the extremes for those pairs. I am more worried about AUDUSD though, as the white stoch is already approaching the other end and price has still not yet fallen. Any thoughts, Bob?

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Bears and Bulls are battling it out so prices are bouncing around some. Missed on the eur/usd profits because I didnt set my SL into profit like I should have. So we closed that one out at 0. One new trade today. Aud/chf never entered and have had that EA on for more than 24 hours, neat.
TAKE PROFITS

eur/cad +56

eur/usd    0

usd/cad +39

usd/jpy +26
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/chf EA has not entered yet

aud/jpy,  -26

aud/usd,  -68

eur/aud,  -98

eur/nzd,  -74

gbp/nzd -138

nzd/chf   -99

nzd/usd, -68

usd/sgd, -58

TOTALS

total for day +121

+ 343   for the week

+1671 for the month

Carry over -629

NEW TRADES
primary trades
BUYS
SELLS  eur/chf
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Aud/chf has not entered yet. Just turned the EA on for eur/chf so it has not entered. Since it just arrived at the top of the BB band now is the time to turn the EA on. All the AUD, NZD pairs are in the turnaround fight right now. I dont know what you mean by massive drawdown, I have yet to enter 2nd level on any trade so we are just getting started. My DD is light right now so if your account is in trouble you are playing with too big of lots.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
aud/chf pic. Shows how the EA kept me out of the trade all day as it keeps going up and up.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Note to all (including self), remember: Do not open 1L trades in the middle BB band unless you have a damn good reason to. Do not open 2L and 3L trades too close to each other and avoid opening deeper than 3L trades.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Hi silv3r4sh :

Yes I very aware and remind myself not to take entry at mid BB even if its secondary trade.

I now only do primary trade even that at time I still need 2L or 3L but I got patient that it will turn around. If prepare for 3L then you will know how big placing the lots as to able withstand the crush.

Now I got many open positions wait for the retrace oh dear.

Happy trading to all

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Thought I'd revisit this EA since you're doing so well with it. Couple questions for you. I put the 3 linear weighted open and  close on my charts to see the actual crossover trigger. Does the EA kick in at close of candle or crossover? I'm assuming at the cross. And  will the EA initiate a trade if you turn it on after the cross has occurred?  I started the EA this morning and didn't get a trade on the NZD/USD crossover. I'm trying to figure out why it didn't trigger . Cross had just occurred before I turned EA on. I've got the smiley face on the chart. thanks.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
OK The EA kicks in at the cross however price must be below the cross for the cross to trigger. Its a 3MA So it is the average of the last 3 candles. The bigger the MA the longer you go below the line before it triggers the trade. It is not when price crosses the line but the average crosses the line. Sometimes that happens at the new candle formation, sometimes before the new candle forms. Hope you understand that.

If you are with IBFX make sure you are using the 4 digit ea if you are live and the 5 digit if you are on a demo. If you are not with IBFX you need to make sure you are using the right EAs. Also make sure you have 4H charts on your screen.

Yes the EA will trigger a trade after the cross, in fact, if you take profit it will reenter the trade immediately as long as the 3 is less than the 3.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Im seeing GBPUSD as a sell opportunity

--- 帖子 #466 ---
EA is making trades now so everything looks good. Yes I'm using an IBFX demo so I'm running the 5 digit version. By the way, IBFX says they"ll have no work around for the leverage limitations after nov.30th. They say they're working on a UK branch but don't know if US.citizens will be allowed to open an account.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Hi Nanningbob !

What settings do you recommend for trading the 15 min time frame ?

Greetings and happy trading

Bernhard

--- 帖子 #468 ---
I'm sure this question is in the wrong thread!!

Are you sure you didn't mean to ask your question here? http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=150293

Unrelated posts can only clutter up a thread...

--- 帖子 #469 ---
They have also opened an office in S Korea of all places, so we will see. NFA is not my friend. I wanted them to make brokers more responsible and honest and instead they are forcing me to use only a certain type of trading method. Sounds like they want to control the market.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
I dont use the 15M TF that is why this thread is called the 4H trading system

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Spent some time with you on Skype. If you are going to manually trade your levels you still must keep the 150-200+ spread on the retraces. Cant get them too close or you are martingaling and then you cant recover because your in too deep or you commit too much margin and you cant maneuver. REMEMBER there are times you just have to take a loss on a trade and go on. In fact I teach, take a loss on a level and stay only 3, maybe only 4 levels deep. If you want to enter a 4th level, turn your EA off (go to a screen with no EA) and close out your first level. (if you close the first level with the EA on, the EA will close all the levels) Just accept that as your losing trade and go on. Hopefully we can use the new level to zero out levels 2 and 3 and go on. We are not there yet though.  There is no such thing as never losing trading. That is our mental SL when we have to use L4 we accept the fact L1 is our losing trade. Also, try to reenter once a day, dont multiply your problem. Look at a daily chart of any currency and you will see that candles are usually full. The body of the candle is almost always bigger than the wicks or stems. That means once price starts heading in a direction it stays in that direction all day. So dont fight it with multiple reentries. I enter most of my retraces at the end of the day before the jpy session or before the euro open. Once a day on those reentries guys/gals. So choose it wisely or just let the EA handle it. There is a 150 for the slow currencies and a 200 for the more volatile ones. I am experimenting with a 300 reentry on the gbp/nzd. Let you know how the tests go.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
OK I declare today retracement Friday. Anyway, hopefully that will happen. Price action seems to be crowning on the AUD currencies, maybe a burst and then reversal but hopefully just a reversal.
TAKE PROFITS

no profits today
CLOSED FOR LOSS

I read my speech and then began closing some extra levels I had took. I am going to limit myself to one a day or let the EA handle it. If price continued to go against me today. I would be using more margin than I would want. So that total was -342. I tell you about this to show I make mistakes and misjudgements too. So I corrected the problem now so it doesnt become a bigger problem later. I used my profits for the week to cover my own stupic mistakes. So if I am going to make a profit this week today is the day.  My new rule: 1 reentry a day, keeps the margin collectors at bay. Cute huh.

OPEN TRADES

aud/chf -4 EA just entered  that is good news same with aud/cad

aud/jpy,  -132 2L Just added now

aud/usd,  -223 2L just added now

eur/aud,  -233 2L just added now

eur/chf  -23

eur/nzd,  -33

gbp/nzd -51

nzd/chf   -84 2L added

nzd/usd, -84 2L added

usd/sgd, -190 2L -65 I had made the mistake on this one by adding too many levels. I closed two of them because my spacing was all wrong.

TOTALS

total for day -342

+ 1 for the week

+1329 for the month

Carry over -1122

NEW TRADES
primary trades
BUYS  eur/cad, usd/cad
SELLS aud/cad, aud/nzd, gbp/usd, nzd/jpy
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

I love it when almost every currency is overbought or oversold usually means a big day is coming soon. Somthing has to give and when it does BANG  prices will reverse all across the board. It maybe today, or Monday.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
I think the level of re-entery is the key to recover from any lossing trade. We cant fix at 150 pip or 200 pip because many times, price will start to reverse after go against us by say 95 pip and our re-entry is waiting at 150 pip away from 1st entry. Just wondering is there any better way to access where to re-enter our 2nd or 3rd position ?

--- 帖子 #474 ---
This week, i have booked 8% profit but i have few pairs which has big DD. I can only say I made 8% if i can closed the rest of the lossing trades at breakeven. A big headach

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Hi nico28,

I understand where you're coming from in your last 2 posts. Regarding re-entry points, nanningbob did once mention using S/R lines as possible good points to open up the next level trade.

And like you, my account has grown nicely from this system, but will be giving it all back to FOREX world if my massive DD does not clear up! Oh, let's hope this happens in the next few days...

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Haha... we all in the same boat... I believe there are more

--- 帖子 #477 ---
From experience 150 for the slower currencies and 200 for the volatile ones are good numbers. I am only saying if you see the S/R near these levels, like 189 you dont enter at 150 or wait for the 200. You can take the EA off of the screen and put a limit order there instead or wait until it hits and put your order  there. Because I am such an impatient trader at times I am going to try waiting until the next day to reenter and see how that works or just let the 200 EA do that because I am not home that much. I am gone 10-12 hours a day from home so I can't always babysit my trades.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Just to give you guys some hope  Here is a weekly chart and you can compare with any currency what I am about to say. Just like I pointed out on the daily charts that candles are mainly full bodied, almost every candle on the weekly has a wick on it. Which means that it retraces almost every week at the end. If it does not then you can see that the next week you will see a retracement at the beginning of that week. So check the currency you are worried about and see if it has lots of wicks near its closing price for the week. You will see most of the time there is a wick.

If it doesnt what happens the next week at the open. Does it form a wick? that means it retraces on Monday for you or goes in the opposite direction. You will see this is the majority of the cases. check the chart below and notice all the wicks at the weekly close. If they dont then what happens the next week? I put blue checks where you can see the wicks and yellow arrows where you can see retraces at the beginning of the week. Just wanted you to know where I get the info for my theories. USD/JPY is at a weekly support so that looks good to me to hang onto the buys. If you are in a sell OH MY. You may have trouble brewing.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Hi Bob :

Appreciate your advice very much. Your system indeed give me very good

confident in trading the forex. First the direction tho not exact but somewhere there. Second got space to allow price to move but one must be prepare for it esp the trending one. Third got the recovery plan just in case the worse scenario .

This week tho pile up quite alot open position due to many hits 3X3 to short but now I already close all with a small loss. Have learn some of my mistakes.

So everyone have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Hi guys,

Like Bob, I am not around much to keep an eye on my trades, which is a good thing most of the time, but sometimes it is problematic. So I was wondering if anybody has come across a trailing stop EA of sorts? What I mean by that is that you can add the EA to your chart and tell it when to start trailing ie. if you're up by 100 pips start trailing 25 pips sort of thing. It cold be a very useful thing.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
try this e-trailing

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Hi Maxximuz :

I wish to know how to use your e-trailing EA. The trailing stop say 25 pips and the trailing step 100 (ie after 100 pips then trailing start ) to be set like that. Please correct me if I am wrong.

Thank you for your help.

Have a good week.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Shame its Friday, the EurCad line up is lookin good

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Wondering how all the bailout money is being handled, here is an update. Certainly not what the doomsdayers were predicting. Right now most of these programs have accomplished what they set out to do and are being scaled back successfully with the debt being transferred to private sectors. I did not know this but the majority of the stimulus package has yet to be spent so 2010 should continue to recover. In other news Bernanke is set to increase interest rates beginning next year so inflation can be controlled and the FED is prepared to start removing money out of the market as the recovery takes hold. So the demise of the dollar is not going to happen anytime soon. The debt to GNP ratio of the USA is still lower than many European countries and nearly half of Japan which is at 200%. Obviously we are not out of this crisis yet but I have never bought into the doom and gloom of the disaster scenarios. We are not anywhere near that at this point. So read with interest. While many are predicting a decline in the USD in the future I still see a more choppy market with a much slower decline than many are expecting. Anyway just my opinion on the matter.

Corporate debt purchases: Demand for commercial paper -- short-term debt that companies issue to finance day-to-day expenses -- came to a screeching halt during the credit crisis. That prompted the Fed to start buying up three-month debt, which helped calm the market. Many businesses were ultimately able to find open market buyers after the first round of debt expired in January. Peaked on Jan. 22 at $350.5 billion. Now at $47.7 billion.
Money market rescue. "Safe as cash" money market funds started quickly losing money after Lehman Brothers' collapse in mid-September 2008. When investors started a run on the money markets, the Fed immediately moved to lend to the funds and to the banks that lend to money markets. That stabilized most of the funds within a month, and the program has now been almost completely wound down. Peaked on Oct. 2: $152.1 billion. Now: $79 million.
Discount window for investment banks. The long-time lending facility for commercial banks was opened up to investment banks for the first time in March 2008 in an effort to stave off another Bear Stearns-like collapse. The program soared in the weeks following Lehman's bankruptcy, but ended in May after investment banks were able to find funding in the open markets. Peaked on Oct. 2: $146.6 billion. Now: $0.
Term Auction Facility. TAF began in December 2007 and was the first "bailout" program from the Fed. The government lent set amounts of short-term money through auctions to commercial banks in exchange for hard-to-sell assets like mortgage-backed securities as collateral. The Fed ramped up the effort during the height of the credit crisis, but has since scaled it back as banks have been able to secure funds from one another. Peaked on Nov. 13: $415.3 billion. Now: $212.1 billion.
TARP. Banks started paying back Treasury's capital investments en masse in June, though many experts said it is less a sign of banks' health and more about the negative stigma associated with a government bailout. Peaked on June 16: $436 billion. Now: $372.5 billion.

The wind-up
Fannie and Freddie. The government placed the mortgage finance giants under conservatorship a year ago, sending them $85 billion to stay afloat. But the firms are far from standing on their own two feet again -- and the housing market has yet to show signs of a strong recovery. As a result, the Fed continues to buy up debt and mortgage-backed securities from Fannie (FNM, Fortune 500) and Freddie (FRE, Fortune 500) in an attempt to keep mortgage rates low. $806.3 billion of a possible $1.9 trillion.
Making Home Affordable. Treasury's foreclosure prevention program has helped just 12% of of the four million eligible borrowers modify their loans. The administration is pushing servicers to do more after a rocky start prompted numerous complaints.$22.1 billion of a possible $75 billion.
Stimulus. The Recovery Act is the largest federal spending bill ever, but most of that spending will come in 2010. The majority of the upfront payouts came in the form of tax relief and Medicare aid to states. Later this year and into next year, the infrastructure projects will really kick into high gear. $151.4 billion of a possible $787.2 billion.
TALF. With lending to consumers and small businesses still stagnant, the government offered to provide up to $1 trillion in financing to private investors to buy up securities backed by consumer and small business loans. Buyers aren't exactly breaking down the door yet, but the Fed extended the program and hopes to attract more support.$36.3 billion of a possible $1 trillion. http://i.cdn.turner.com/money/images/bug.gif

--- 帖子 #485 ---
No major reversals today and the Cad takes a dive off the news.
TAKE PROFITS

aud/cad +43 closed this one and it kept going.

eur/nzd, +93 closed this one and it retraced so good decision.

gbp/usd +31 hit my TS

nzd/chf +43 -40 for +3

nzd/usd, +63 -21 for +42
CLOSED FOR LOSS

usd/sgd, -100 1L +35 2L +52 3L This is one currency that doesnt move much so I kept reentering every 50 pips or so. It got me in big trouble as I closed some for a loss yesterday and evened out what I had today. I am done with this trade. Even slow currencies will move around at times so I must discipline myself to keep that 150-200 pip spacing on the reentries. The USG banks bought a bunch of USD to prop up their currency, that is why it moved up. -13 for today though.

OPEN TRADES

aud/chf -47 so far just drifting

aud/nzd EA has not entered yet

aud/jpy,  -234 2L -102

aud/usd,  -224 2L -1 OK that went nowhere

eur/aud,  -327 2L -94

eur/cad -227 2L 0 My EA entered and then it took a big dive YUK

eur/chf   - 35

gbp/nzd -180 Why do I bother with this one.

nzd/jpy  -31 had a small profit but did not set the SL up Oh well.

usd/cad -100 2L -1 Dang Cad entered and dropped like a rock. Glad the Canadian economy is recovering though maybe buy some American goods now.

TOTALS

total for day +144

+ 145 for the week

+1473 for the month

Carry over -1603

NEW TRADES
primary trades
BUYS
SELLS eur/jpy
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Disappointed in the NZD trades. They didnt move as much as I had hoped. I was hoping they would move enough to cancel out some of my AUD trades. Ok Just like last month we now fight to keep what profits we have made so I will be using profits to zero out trades. Hopefully the AUD currencies will give us enough retracements to zero out some trades. I have 5 trades going at -1029 / 5 = 205 or about 100 pips move each to zero out. If I use some bigger lots I can do it in less. I will use profits from other trades to lower that figure and have +144 profits this last week to use. So that is the plan. Try to minimize bad trades and you keep the profits you have already banked. That is the other side of this system and the trading skill needed to beat Forex. We were successful last month doing that with the GBP trades so lets do it again.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
I have EA on for that one ,waiting for 3/3 crossover to initiate. Are you guys waiting for price to get to outer B.Band to turn on EA or just turning on when stochs and macd are at extremes?

--- 帖子 #487 ---
I personally wait for both. If in mid of bb then I wait

--- 帖子 #488 ---
I am going to bed. Tomorrow I want to proof read my second edition of the 4H trading system with updates in the text. Then I will post it. Hope you guys find it a good read.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
I won`t go to bed, I can`t go to bed, I won`t sleep anyway, I`m waitin.....

All the best

Forex37

--- 帖子 #490 ---
I'm waiting for the market open, then ill consider it. No good opening fresh trades into the weekend.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
I have posted the 2nd edition which replaces all the downloads of the 1st edition. The 2nd edition folder contains all the files and folders needed for the system. I want to thank the 3057 people who download the first edition.
The second edition includes: Why countertrend trading is better than trend trading, (the trend is not your friend), using S/R, 40 MA BB bands, 2.4.2 recovery system and its variations, new definition of secondary trades, margin usage rules, volatility groupings of different pairs, margin usage and funding amounts, and both 4D and 5D versions are available.

If you have some of the other editions I have tried my best to eliminate the differences in screens and EAs. All the EAs and charts now use the same 3x3 cross. Because of testing I had some different types of screens and EAs and they got mixed into the different systems. For example the MACD is my own. I took the MT4 MACD and changed it for my system and called the NB MACD. It now shows the same line as the TRUE MACD but this one is a smaller code and simpler. Now all my charts are the same. Some screens had a 3x3 that use the Median and some used the open and close. Now all the EAs and MA screens are open and close. My old screens had the 20 MA Bollinger Bands now they all have the 40 MA BB shifted 1. I have the S/R indicator on the screens. I have used different colored screens for different EAs and charts so you know you are not on the basic screen.  Every effort has been made to have the system completely the same on all screens for both 4D and 5D charts. The 4D is the same as I use on my live accounts. The 5D is the same as the 4D but the EAs were adjusted for 5D screens. I have never used the 5D live so please demo and make sure it is working properly before going live.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Bob, thx for effort to 2nd edition. Let me try it.

For info. my trading (live) so far positive by combining TF5Min and yours = for sure I am intend to share the result how I did when it more significant money (+++ USD) . To premature right now but your trading system help to increase my confidence level on trading. Cheers

--- 帖子 #493 ---
I have tried other times frames and the the chances of backlash go up with lower TF. However, that was back in the days when I didnt have the 2.4.2 recovery system, 40 MA BB and S/R. I would avoid news times but off times when the  market is slower like USA afternoon, jpy session etc. might work. Will have to investigate that option. If I were you I would use the daily S/R or the 4H & Daily S/R on your 5M chart to help in your decision making whether to go long or short and TP levels. If you see a S/R level broke by price you dont want to be on the wrong end of the trade.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Dear Bob,

For some reason, the link to the 2nd edition is corrupted for my computer. Is it possible to cut and past the document to me? Again, sorry for the bother.

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Send me your email address to my private FF box

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Hi Bob,

The 2nd ed zip file has ' bad zip header'. There is no 5D files/folder. Only 4D templates and EAs and indicators are in the zipped file. Any other text doc file to be there? There isn't any.

Please re-post the zip file

thanks.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
I dont know what to say I downloaded the files and got them all. Try again.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
USDCAD is at a beauty of a support level, I think BUY like you never bought before!!!!

Also marks all the boxes for this method.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
The problem with the CAD is, it keeps dropping to new support levels and not retracing very much. It has a habit of doing this once or twice a year. The interesting thing is the USD can over come good CAD news but the CAD cannot overcome strong USD news. So lets see what happens next ....... HMMMMMM.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
You'll be 40 pips up if you took this, remember to lock in profit and cover your ass, maybe a 30 pip TS

Like Bob says it may carry on down and this is just a pause, you dont go bust taking profit

--- 帖子 #501 ---
quiet day, the auds continue to march in the mud.
TAKE PROFITS

eur/chf  +10 well its something

CLOSED FOR LOSS

I am going to start reducing my risk in the Aud

Aud/chf -28

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd EA +42 put my +10 on and will let it ride

aud/jpy,  -257 2L -133  3L -18

aud/usd,  -262 2L -39 OK that went nowhere but white line is back at over bought.

eur/aud,  -327 2L -94

eur/cad -327 2L -100 3L 0

eur/jpy +10

gbp/nzd -328 Why do I bother with this one.

nzd/jpy  -66

usd/cad -200 2L -100 3L +5

usd/jpy +30 move my SL to +10 and going to ride

TOTALS

total for day -18

-18  for the week

+1455 for the month

Carry over -2358 You will start seeing me reduce this risk and dumping some currencies here. I will start picking my spots of minimum damage. Minimal retracements on the AUD and NZD are hurting this particular group of trades. Cad recovery hopefully will start coming. So we go to work.

NEW TRADES

primary trades
BUYS  aud/cad
SELLS chf/jpy usd/jpy

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS  eur/usd look at the double top

watch for the NZD pairs to double top and see if you want to take secondary trades later today.

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Hi All,

After watching the price bouncing around, I've taken the plunge and closed most of my losing trades. Quite devastating to my account balance.

I hope never to repeat that mistake of placing my multi level trades too close together :/

Open trades:

None

New trades (EA enabled):
BUY - USDCAD, AUDCAD
SELL - CHFJPY, EURUSD

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Still playing in the mud. Starting to lower my risk in the pairs. Some of the majors are coming back into play finally. In my GBP fight last month I offset some of my bad trades by others taking profits. So far with the depth of my AUD and Cad trades I have not had the offsetting winners from other currencies. That has made taking out bad trades tough this month. But we keep hanging in there. Reduced my carry over by 25% mainly by the nice jump in the gbp/nzd. Still my worst two trades aud/jpy and usd/cad still havent had a good retracement yet.
TAKE PROFITS

aud/nzd +30

Eur/Cad +60 3L  2 L -13

usd/jpy +10

CLOSED FOR LOSS

eur/aud 2 L-20

gbp/nzd +130 -198

OPEN TRADES

aud/cad -32

aud/jpy,  -257 2L -133  3L -18

aud/usd,  -262 2L -39

chf/jpy   -38

eur/aud,  -253

eur/cad -267

eur/jpy  -45

eur/usd -30

nzd/jpy  -66

usd/cad -230 2L -130 3L -25

TOTALS

total for day -1

-19 for the week

+1454 for the month

Carry over -1825

NEW TRADES

primary trades
BUYS  usd/chf
SELLS eur/usd I started early yesterday

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Might be insightful

http://www.actionforex.com/action-insight/

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Thanks for the heads up on the USDCHF, Bob.

I've enabled the BUY EA for that one too now.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Hi Bob...

Following the thread with interest and downloaded your updated PDF and indicators. A problem exists however. The MACD indicator does not show up on the template and the template does not match the photo. Both stochastics are present and the BB are 40. It would be no problem to add Macd if I knew the settings but I can't find them in your PDF. It would appear that I have a composite of the old and the new. What do you suggest. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
The EA would not kick off a sell trade for CHFJPY.

I've manually opened one myself. I really REALLY hope the previous daily resistance doesnt become the new support line :/

Also, I decided to take the buy EA off AUDCAD as the white stoch line is already approaching the other end and the EA failed to trigger a trade for that one...

Bob, is this normal? Just wondering, thanks!

I am guessing it's just not working for the current market conditions and might require me to pull the trigger manually instead

Active trades:

Sell - CHFJPY

EA is still turned on for:

Buy - USDCHF

Buy - USDCAD

Sell - EURUSD

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Make sure the NB MACD is loaded in your indicators. That is the one I am using. If you dont have it open the MT4 MACD  Hit Control F. You will get the text finder. type Histogram into the search and it will find histogram. Change histogram to 'line' and then save it to NB MACD and compile it. Then it should show up.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Shortly after I opened that trade on CHFJPY, the white stoch smacked the bottom of the chart so I closed the order with a small loss.

No active trades again...

Looks like my previous statement might come true, the price might actually be bouncing off the previous resistance line, so it would now act as a support line.. Should I open a buy trade? Hrm...

At this point I am thinking of waiting for a trend confirmation before deciding whether or not I should open a buy manually on that pair...

Comments anyone? (:

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Make sure you are watching on the 4H chart, your description sounds like the 1H chart. Here is my chf/jpy trade and would have entered today.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Argh you're right Bob.

My mistake.. I was indeed looking at the wrong TF chart in that case

Thanks...

On an unrelated note, I have taken the EA off the USDCAD chart. I decided to do this after looking back at previous price behavior and it seems very unpredictable........

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Trying to dig my way out of it once again. Hate that pair. I think I will burn it off of my hard drive so I never look at it again. Thought I would have better luck with this system over the other systems I have used with that pair.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Still no active trades, but I now have 4 pairs waiting for a trigger...

BUY

USDSGD, USDCHF

SELL

GBPUSD, EURUSD, GBPJPY

Wondering if I should also enable the EA for GBPJPY?

Edit: Ah what the hey, I'll turn it on. The list of pairs above has been updated.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Thanks! I'm looking forward to learning your system.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Prices continue to stagnate. Interesting that everything is moving in one direction very very slowly at the same time. I dont think I have ever seen this on all currencies at the same time. I have seen prices stagnate before big news stories but they still will bounce up and down in a very small range. Last month while we waited on the GBP trades the other currencies still bounced around and gave us some trades to counter the bad GBP trend but the entire Forex is doing a snail trend. I once described this like getting your small toe twisted off by twisting a wrench on it 2 mm every 4H.

I closed out my usd/cad but hung on to the AUD. The aud currencies are showing MACD divergance on almost every pair and that is a very powerful indicator. MACD divergance is when the red MACD line is going down and price keeps moving up. It is one of the strongest indicators of price reversal. Also whenever the AUD/USD has gone over 90 in the past it usually doesnt stay there very long. Makes their exports too expensive and things slow down for them. So we will see.
TAKE PROFITS

aud/cad +2

CLOSED FOR LOSS

usd/cad broke a weekly support line and I was no longer willing to play with it. Just not worth continuing to risk this trade. Sometimes we eat one and I am eating this one. -620

OPEN TRADES

aud/jpy,   -318 2L -194  3L -79

aud/usd,  -342 2L -119

chf/jpy     -58

eur/aud,  -333 2L 0

eur/cad  -367  2L 0

eur/jpy    -66

eur/usd   -53

nzd/jpy    -61

TOTALS

total for day -618

-637 for the week

+817 for the month

Carry over -1990

NEW TRADES

primary trades
BUYS  usd/chf EA is on but has not entered yet.
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS  aud/chf

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Really appreciate the commentary, Bob.

It's very informative

--- 帖子 #517 ---
I had the Buy EA enabled on USDSGD but it failed to trigger a trade to capture the recent price reversal. So, I manually opened a trade on it. When it went up a bit, I put in an SL to lock in some modest profit and guess what? It came back down and hit my SL. DEFINITELY should have bagged the profit right away. WHAT WAS I THINKING?! It should have been obvious to me that it was in a downward trend and the upward movement was more likely to be short-lived.

I also got a few pips on USDCHF, almost identical to my little story above.

I've just manually opened up trades on EURGBP and USDJPY, instead of waiting for the EA to kick in...

EA is turned on for:

GBPUSD, GBPJPY, CHFJPY

Hoping the EA captures the change in direction, otherwise I might manually open the trade again.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
By the way Bob, USDCAD is finally retracing - damn, wish I/we had caught that one!!!

--- 帖子 #519 ---
I'm waiting for both stochs and macd to be in OB/OS territory before turning on the EA's. Makes for a safer trade. If you add the 3LWMA open/3LWMA closed on your chart you can see when the cross is taking place. Did you have the smiley face in the upper right hand corner of your chart for that USD/SGD trade?

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Going through a rough stretch here. If I had stayed in the usd/cad I could have saved an extra 90 pips off of the trade but still dont like taking the chance. Resisted jumping in too early on the GBP but today we go in. The AUD and CAD has been a killer this month. Good to see the major currencies come back into play. Will make a mental note that when the major currencies are not in play you dont want to get involved with the minor currencies. Took out the Aud/jpy trade at -400 for 1 level. That is using my 2.4.2 recovery method. Now we want to zero out that trade. So far still using my profits and not my principal to get out of trouble. Been a rough two weeks.
TAKE PROFITS

Eur/USD +30

usd/chf  +50

CLOSED FOR LOSS

aud/jpy -400

OPEN TRADES

aud/jpy, 2L -374  3L -259 4L 0

aud/usd,  -382 2L -159 3L 0

chf/jpy     -158 2L 0

eur/aud,  -419 2L -88

eur/cad  -315  2L +62

eur/jpy    -258 2L 0

nzd/jpy    -208 2L 0

TOTALS

total for day -320

-957 for the week

+497 for the month

Carry over -2558

NEW TRADES

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS USD/JPY gbp/usd gbp/jpy gbp/chf eur/usd

Secondary trades
BUYS USD/CHF
SELLS

--- 帖子 #521 ---
After this series of trades are done I will be studying my results over the last 2 years and will come up with fewer pairs to trade at one time. I think over the last 2 years I have enough live data trades to come to some conclusions of which currencies to use. Definitely want to tone down the involvement with the minors.

Right now I have narrowed it down to 15 pairs:

aud/cad aud/nzd aud/jpy chf/jpy

eur/cad eur/jpy eur/usd eur/nzd eur/chf

gbp/jpy gbp/usd nzd/jpy usd/chf usd/jpy usd/sgd

That keeps me to 3 each of the minors aud,  nzd, cad (2)

chf 3 eur 5 jpy 6 usd 5

sgd 1

Will decide between several to keep my # of pairs down:

On the chopping block maybe:

aud/jpy eur/jpy eur/chf usd/sgd, one of the NZD pairs

That would give me 2 aud, cad, nzd, gbp, chf and bring the Eur, usd, jpy to 4. I think that would give me a good safe mix of currencies. Anyways, thinking on that one. Then maybe play a bigger lot. or change to increasing levels like 3,5,7 or 4,6,8. Anyway just some thoughts for now.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Forex has just taught me another lesson, EURGBP and USDJPY didn't reverse, they've tricked me and continue to go down/up so now I'm in negative pips.

This time I won't make the same mistake of opening the multi trades too close together though..

--- 帖子 #523 ---
I have made that mistake many times. You have to keep your spacing or you get too many lots too close together and you have a big deficit. Price will reverse but you have to wait on it, it is not predictable as the aud/usd keeps showing us. But if you keep your spacing you will get it. Keep those 200 pip retracements. Price going over the BB band more than 400 pips is very rare but it does happen and if it does, you are only 3 levels deep instead of 5 or 6 Levels and then BAM price decides to run again. Now you will need a big lot retracement to recover and that is when you can get some serious damage to your account. Even though this run by the AUD and CAD have been trying, I am not in serious trouble at this point even though I dont like the depth of my carryovers.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Dear Bob,

Are these sentiments of retrenchment and revision true about the 60x90 system as well?

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Bob,

What do you think of the idea of still having all the original pairs available to begin with but limiting the number of trades at one time and not taking any new trades until you feel comfortable with DD again? This is how I've been limiting  DD so far. When I see margin use or DD starting to get out of hand, I stop taking new trades and give  existing trades time to recover. I'm currently trading (demo) .01 lots with a 1.5 multiplier and trying to get by on 100:1 leverage. DD is currently sitting at -868 with +449 banked for the week.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
The problem is the new trades often are the ones that help me get out of the hole like last month the gbp/chf and gbp/nzd trades. The problem here was I was invested in two currencies CAD and AUD and had 8 pairs all going long trend on me. The majors were just sitting in the middle of the charts and werent tradeable. In cases like these limiting the number of trades in a currency seems to be a better option than losing possible profitable trades because I am having a bad run. What just happened is really very rare and unusual but it does happen so my thinking is limiting risk in any given currency group. When the gbp had its run I was in Gbp/chf, gbp/jpy and gbp/nzd. 2 of the 3 gave me fits but I was still bagging 1-300 pips a day and that really helped getting me out of the hole. This run there was hardly any help and I ended up being invested too deep in two currencies. So right now my thinking is to go with a smaller group and slightly bigger lots. I had been trading .05 every level but with fewer currencies I am thinking .04, .06, and .08  or .03 .05 .08 for faster recovery. So 3 levels .05 is a .15 commitment and 4,6,8 or 9 is an .18 or .19 commitment or 3,5,8 is .16 commitment. I am movng the recovery levels up 1/3. I like the math a little better but the overall commitment is not that much more at -400 pips Plus the retrace needed wont be as big.  Like you I am trying some new numbers to prepare myself for the downgrade of the leverage. Keep the ideas coming, but that is my thinking for now.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
I found a great correlation. table at this site  http://www.forexhit.com/analyze-fore...relations.html to maybe help with deciding which pairs to trade with this EA.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Happy to finally take some profit trades, been a while. Eliminated another bad run trade with a small loss. Other currencies ended up where they started. Since I have posted this system this has been my worst week. I would think some people would appreciate me showing both the good and the bad. Most just want to talk about the good and hide the bad, but here we are ready to rock and roll. 3 AUD trades left to get rid of.
TAKE PROFITS
eur/usd +70

usd/chf +50
CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/cad  -224  2L +157   total -67

OPEN TRADES
aud/jpy, 2L -374  3L -259 4L 0

aud/usd,  -347 2L -124 3L +35

chf/jpy     -158 2L 0

eur/aud,  -416 2L -85

eur/jpy    -257 2L -1

gbp/chf (not entered)

gbp/jpy  -25

gbp/usd -50
nzd/jpy    -185 2L +23

USD/JPY -15

TOTALS

total for day +53

-904 for the week

+550 for the month

Carry over -2238

NEW TRADES

All trades posted are subject to letting the gaps happen Monday first and then deciding which ones to take as trades.
primary trades
BUYS
SELLS aud/cad

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS aud/nzd

--- 帖子 #529 ---
The 60x90 system is not deep in the hole at this point. It survived these runs pretty good. It is only on 3rd level in two trades aud/usd and eur/aud. There are two other currencies at the 2nd level so its in good shape trading wise. The eur/aud is recovering but the aud/usd is far from its TP line. So I will wait them out a little longer and decide whether I want to take my loss on them or not.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, gbp/jpy, eur/jpy are all similiar so choose two of the 3. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility.

eur/chf, eur/gbp, usd/sgd, hkd/usd are all slow moving currencies and will rarely go more than 3 levels. If I play the eur/gbp I cut the lot size by 1/3 because it uses the most amount of leverage and may not move much for days at a time. It used to be eur/gbp was the slowest currency around but now that the fortunes of England and European economies have diverged it can have some interesting runs at times which I don't know how to judge yet. It used to be the eur/gbp never had a move of over 150 pips in one day but the last year or so 300+ moves have happened often enough that I am keeping my distance on it. Because of the exchange rate with the USD .05 lots with it are like playing .08 to .09 with other currencies.

eur/aud very dangerous currency that go on a run of over a 1000 pips and show 0 retracement.

nzd/chf, nzd/jpy, usd/nzd these currencies trade real nice but then get crushed by strong fundamentals. NZ is a very beautiful country with few people out in the middle of nowhere. The amount of currency in use is very small and at times can get crushed by their bigger neighbors. I love the aud/nzd because the aud news will come out and it will run up and then a couple of days later the same news will come out for NZ and price will retrace back down again. Very similar economies. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I do not recommend trading usd/cad because they both trade the same session and the USD fundamentals can crush the CAD. gbp/nzd, gbp/aud, gbp/cad are just too volatile. I tried trading the gbp/nzd with a 300 pip reentry and still had some interesting times. Just don't think the risk to reward is worth it. If you want to practice recovery methods put these on a demo and go for it. They will give you some interesting runs.

Conclusion: This should give a variety of currencies so if one or two are having runs you don't get too deep into any currency pair. For example if the USD, EUR, or JPY fundamentals are weak and all the others are running on it, you are only battling 4 pairs at one time. More volatile currencies like the commodity currencies and the pound you will only be 2 deep at one time. This should really help in the DD. I am very uncomfortable with being as far over 1500 that I got doing all the pairs, so now I will cut my risk. Hopefully you find this helpful. I made my decisions on my experience with trading all the pairs on demos or live over a 2 year period and I think I have a good handle on their behavior and I also think I have a good balanced mix of all the different currencies.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Dear Bob,

Are these conclusions for your trading universe which appear in the 4H thread also germain for the 60x90 thread as well? Thanks.

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Most of the same principals apply, instead of trading inside out, by which I mean being in the middle of the screen and trying to determine the trend and going with it to the bottom or top of the screen, (whiplash land) we try to go from the outside in, ie. 4H system. In the 60x90 or 180x100 we start closer to the center and use the natural up and down motion (the edges of whiplash land) of Forex to take profit. It is kinda of a reverse Fib levels. Instead of following the trend and trying to reenter the dips and hope the trend continues, we use these retraces to take profit knowing, except in extreme cases, they will always happen. The farther from the median we get the closer we are to getting our profit.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Bob,

I think Lenoxer is asking if you use the same 11 pairs and alternates on the 60 x 90 method, as well.

Visual One

--- 帖子 #534 ---
This week Tues be vary wary of the CAD currencies. If the Canadians think their economy is improving they may increase their bank rate. If they do you want to be on the upside of the CAD. That means you would sell the usd/cad, eur/cad etc. no matter what the indicators say. Normally I am not worried about a .25 increase but after my experience with the AUD you should be wary. The markets are in a moving mood right now to any kind of news.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Hi Bob,

I have 1 quick question. Am i suppose to turn off the EA when close out an order? I noticed when i close out an order, the EA would immediately trigger another order in the same direction. Is there anyway to prevent this from happening?

Thank you very much!

--- 帖子 #536 ---
--------------------------------

Dear Bob,

Yes, Visual One is right; do you use the same 11 pairs and alternates on the 60x90 as well?

Thanks,

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Don't think there is any way around this. That would have to be programed into the existing EA. What I do is turn off EA if I'm closer to TP and leave EA on if I'm closer to L2 kicking in.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
NO the MA is moving with the direction of the trend so price action is different.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Thanks for the answer Toothman,

I thought of using auto fixed profit, but that is not possible then  because the EA may open another trade when close out a trade. It would be nice if the EA only trigger one trade at the arrow alert or at least not more than 20 pips away. That way we don't have to turn the EA off to TP.

WLP

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Thank you JPY session for some retraces, used it to close some more bad trades. Slowly working my way out of the hole. When I saw the nice large profit at Support on a bunch of currencies I decided to take it instead of running all day. It had been a while since I had seen that much on the table. Used it to clear out 3 more bad levels. It ended up being the right decision since only the aud/nzd continued on through support.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/cad +10

aud/nzd +70
Aud/usd 3L +80 2L -79 = +1

gbp/chf +140

gbp/jpy + 125

gbp/usd + 50

usd/jpy +10
CLOSED FOR LOSS
aud/jpy +50 -324    (took TP and got rid of L 2 losing trade)

eur/aud -390 (I just gave up on this one and closed it out)

OPEN TRADES
aud/jpy,  3L -320  4l 0

aud/usd,  -347 2L 0

chf/jpy     -200 2L -44

eur/aud,  2L -220 3L 0

eur/jpy    -299 2L -45
nzd/jpy    -335 2L -127 3L 0

TOTALS

total for day -258

-258 for the week

+282 for the month

Carry over -1892

NEW TRADES

Even though the aud/cad shows a sell I am not entering with the CAD interest rate news later today. Staying away from that one.
primary trades
BUYS
SELLS gbp/jpy, gbp/usd, (ride the gbp again )

Secondary trades
BUYS usd/chf, eur/nzd (it is at a previous primary trade support from 2 weeks ago)
SELLS eur/usd

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Interesting the Cads moved 150+ points in 2 hours over the news that there was no news over interest rate change. Wonder what it would have done if they had changed it. Fundamental traders are getting bored, they are having a hard time finding trades so jump on no news.

TAKE PROFITS
eur/aud +70

eur/nzd +93

eur/usd +44

gbp/jpy +77

nzd/jpy +37
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/jpy,  3L -280  4l +40 set SL at +10

aud/usd,  -290 2L +68 Set SL at +10

chf/jpy     -190 2L -34

eur/aud,  2L -145

eur/jpy    -299 2L -45
gbp/usd -27
nzd/jpy    -295 2L -92
usd/chf, +10
TOTALS

total for day +321

+63for the week

+603 for the month

Carry over -1579

Good to see my DD getting back to a more normal range. No such thing as 100% win ratio but if the jpy will retrace and the aud comes down some we are out of the long trend trades and it looks like we survived with a profit intact. This is not easy trading folks. I hope you are learning something.

primary trades
BUYS Eur/chf
SELLS Aud/Cad, eur/cad (bet your glad you didnt take these yesterday )

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS gbp/jpy (third times a charm) Eur/usd (if it goes back up to resistance again)

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Interesting the Cads moved 150+ points in 2 hours over the news that there was no news over interest rate change. Wonder what it would have done if they had changed it.

I got out of my 2L USD/CAD trade today with a modest profit and won't be trading that one again as was advised. I'm at +555 for the week and a half that I've been trading this EA but I'm carrying a DD of -1400 at the moment. Won't be too agressive with new trades until I get that DD more under control.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
This is clearly the most difficult month since I have posted this system. The pairs are on long trends and I have made some mistakes along the way. Once we get back to bouncing mode we can quickly make up any losses we may get. So far I feel I have been doing well being caught up in too many long trending currencies. I am just glad I have finally learned my lesson (I hope) about committing too much margin to a group of trades. As you can see I will also limit the number of pairs traded, but I will still watch some of the pairs even though I may not trade them. Never turn down a truly great trade. If GBP/NZD is sitting on the top or bottom of the screen, it will be very hard for me not too touch it, especially if all the other GBP are in the same situation. Back to work.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
www.fxpro.com news

Lorraine: Existing clients residing in the US will be given sufficient time to manage their positions and portfolios, and further notice will be provided to them soon.
Lorraine: The Company has decided to concentrate on the EU and emerging markets where it has a niche. In light of this strategic decision, the Company is not accepting new clients that reside in the US.
Lorraine: Sorry we do not as yet have any details on when this will happen

Lorraine: you will receive details on this sir
Lorraine: to provide you with sufficient time

What is with foreign brokers not wanting to do with USA traders? I bet our govt. is strong arming them to give them financial information. They dont want our govt. controling their business. Just my best guess do not know if accurate.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
The US. gov. hasn't been able to strong arm Australia yet apparently. I'll be moving my account to FX Solutions AUS. before the new leverage limitations kick in. Will be more expensive to trade with them but they still have the 400:1. I don't like their floating margin use either. The higher the EUR/USD ( the only pair I trade with the 100/40) moves, the more margin it uses on my initial trade and every level after.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Sorry I have not posted today but I do not have internet connection at my house here in China. I will try to post later today if I can get service restored. Sorry about the delay.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Two days ago during the jpy session the currencies made a retrace and I set my +10. Boy am I glad I did that or I would be in big doo doo now. I am setting my TS for 30 on the slow currencies and 40 for the volatile ones and seeing how that goes. Seems to be working so far. Finally got out of the AUD trades with some minor damage this month but wiggled my way out. Kind of proud of myself  The Cads which were my biggest enemy two weeks ago are starting to kick some profits into the bank so am happy with that. However, the JPY is now giving me fits. This is a long trending month and each currency seems to be taking its turns. So far we have survived the AUD run, the CAD run and now am facing JPY run. I maybe forced to close some of these 1st level jpy trades here but am hanging in there. I will be glad when this month is over, this is turning into too much work.

TAKE PROFITS
Aud/Cad  +10

aud/jpy   +10
eur/cad   +52 hit my TS

eur/chf   +10

eur/usd   +38
gbp/jpy   +10
gbp/usd   +10
usd/chf    +10

CLOSED FOR LOSS
aud/usd -246 +150  =  -96 (took this as my best exit)
eur/aud,  2L -55

(managed to get out of the final aud trades, now get to face the JPY trend sheesh.) Two of these will no longer be on my list after I close out these series of trades. I may rethink the eur/jpy and use the aud/jpy instead, we will see.)

OPEN TRADES

aud/jpy,  3L -381  4l -40 (hit my+10 then reentered)

chf/jpy     -314 2L -158

eur/jpy    -504 2L -250 3L  -76
nzd/jpy    -451 2L -248 3L  0

TOTALS

total for day -1

+62 for the week

+602 for the month

Carry over -2422

primary trades
BUYS   aud/nzd, Eur/chf, usd/chf
SELLS  Eur/cad,  gbp/jpy, gbp/usd, usd/jpy

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS Aud/Cad, Eur/usd,

Looking for the EUR and GBP to pull me out of the jpy trades. Dang and I was so proud of my self in getting out of that AUD mess.

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Just to let you know I took out my L1 eur/jpy when it  broke the R level this morning at the JPY session. So add -550 to my figures. I will put it in tomorrow's session. I will add a 4L when price quits its run.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
You trade and trade and once in a while you walk into the jackpot. Way to go GBP, will ride this one for a while. JPY continues to trend in one direction, looking for the correction. Still keeping a profit for the month even though its been a tough battle. I see guys are giving me more negative votes. I just assume they dont understand that there are going to be DD however, in the middle of one of my worst runs ever I am still keeping profit. Other currencies help with the deficit on these long runs and keep you from being overun. I am definitely thinking of using the less volatile aud/jpy instead of the eur/jpy in my final 11.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/nzd, +10
Eur/chf,+ 20

gbp/jpy +152

gbp/usd +252

CLOSED FOR LOSS
Eur/jpy -550

OPEN TRADES
Aud/Cad, +19
aud/jpy,  3L -405  4l -65
chf/jpy     -353 2L -197 L3 0
Eur/cad, 1L -57
eur/jpy  -349 3L  -175 4L 0
Eur/usd, +36
gbp/jpy  +22 (see note gbp/usd)

gbp/usd, +52 I put a limit order under support and reentered the trade I have done the same with GBP/JPY. The GBP is going down for a while so don't do any buy trades even though your indicators may say so.
nzd/jpy    -451 2L -248 3L  0
usd/chf +41 set SL at +10 with 30 TS
usd/jpy  -74

TOTALS

total for day -116

-   54 for the week

+ 548 for the month

Carry over -2194

primary trades
BUYS NO new trades for monday.
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Hi Bob :

I too agree that this week also being very tough as like euro, aud, nz, are trending very well.

So now I setup one platform for trending and the other for ranging,

Do you agree that your 4H system is more for ranging becos I feel that for the trending you will keep adding levels till the pair reverse could be quite disastrous.

I still feel your system is good becos it works.

Like you say CAD move and now the GBP move unexpectedly more than 200 pips wow.

I am with you and happy trading .

--- 帖子 #551 ---
I posted this on my other thread but it shows why the 40MA BB trading system should be very successful. It also shows you how you survive with the 2.4.2 system on the 4 runners. This obviously would apply to any currency pair.

There is one part of my system that if you can handle the runners, you will be very successful. Here is the eur/jpy for the last 5 months. There are 28 potential trades you could have gotten if you just played the BB band. Enter sell on top and buy on the bottom. Of the 28 24 were immediate winners and 4 were runners. I marked the 4 runners with an x and the # of pips on each run. If you can grasp this one thought, understand it, learn to trade it, this system will be very successful for you. If you can zero out or minimize the loss of the 4 runners you can see very good profits.

Two of the runners were easy to handle -223 which is two levels, no problem, -342 which would be 2 or 3 levels. They bounced back nicely and would be easily 0 out or minimally profitable. Now the other two. If you follow my recovery system. You would take a L1 loss on each one and then 0 out the rest. The last one is the one I am in now and I have taken a level 1 loss and now am waiting to 0 out the other 3 levels. That is the plan so if this last one follows form this is what your trading could look like on the Eur/Jpy.

28 trades, 24 winners, 2 losing trades with 3L break evens and 2 trades that may or not be minimal winners or losers. I like those odds.

What looks ugly right now is when one pair is running like this, all the pairs of that group will run. The JPY is running across the board but the eur/jpy is in the worst shape right now. The others are still only 2 or 3 levels or already had a retrace. So that is something you will see and learn over time. My solution to that problem is two fold. Either use enough money to not have margin problems or use a limited number of mixed currencies to cover your trading.

So if you can learn this one thing you can be very successful with this system. Do you have the patience and margin to ride out the band runs? Do you have the trading skill to do this? If you do you can see how your losses can be minimal and your winners very successful, you will love this system

I also marked two retraces on this last run in yellow and I could have gotten out. I did think about it at the time but I chanced the change of direction and it was the wrong decision. It is not that I didnt have opportunity to escape this run I just didnt think the retraces were going to be that small. These are decisions you make that sometimes work and sometimes dont. Either way price will not keep going up forever, I am guaranteed a retrace again but this time I will take it and go for the smallest loss I can get. So if you can grasp what you see here and understand how it works you can be profitable.

--- 帖子 #552 ---
In the pic above to the very far left this is one more run of 347 pips which is easily survivable. Another 2 or 3 level trade that recovered nicely. I see I did not mark it on my screen.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Hi Bob

Thanks for the detail illustration. I have yet to fully grasp the system. I like the system and will continue to work on it.

Many thanks again for your remarkable system. It is great.

You have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Hi Bob,

I'm using this system live since beginning of this month. Then I got trapped by the reversal of GBPUSD, it is the biggest I ever had sofar, more than 700 pips. Thanks to your 2.4.2 recovery (350 pips distance), yesterday when the pair fell I got out with smaller loss. But then I think I may have closed it too early because the pair is still continuing go down. Weekend close at IBFx was   1.6305 while my 2L was at 1.6273, only 32 pips away from the break-even.

What do you think?

P.S: Oops incorrect labeling, in my chart: 1L is my entry (0.01 lot), 2L is my 1st recovery (0.02 lot) and 3L is my 2nd recovery (0.01 lot).

--- 帖子 #555 ---
I think I posted this before but this will help with zeroing out multi level trades - http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/attach/mq4.gif i-Breakeven.mq4

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Check the news section and you will find out that the gbp had some very bad economic news. I suspect it will downslide for quite a while so we should not be doing any buys on it right now. I am going to ride it down and stay in some of my trades. I like taking TP at Support and putting pending order on the other side. That way I dont lose my maximum profit with a bounce back. If price keeps sagging then I am back in it again. The Fundamentals will be strong on this one. Very Strong Fundamentals always overide indicators. That is why I am so wary of interest rate news.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
You know, minimum losses are what they are. -32 is not a bad escape. It is a very livable loss. The only thing is when you see price suddenly jump, go to the news section and see what is causing it. The gbp had a big news story so I closed out the profitable ones and kept the losers. Put new entrances below support and will play it that way. I am doing that because of the news report. Now if you dont know that, then you did the right thing and got out with a minimum loss. I read the news story, knew it was big, guaranteed my profit and held onto the losers because I think the gbp going down has just got started. I will play this going down no matter what my indicators say. Sell and hang on, this doesnt happen too often. I expect some big gaps Monday as more traders jump in. Gaps are caused by banks unloading first before they allow traders to trade so there should be some real drops. That is my read on the GBP market right now. Hopefully I will be right. If it drops real big then move your SL with price action in case some bargain hunters decide to buy. Every time you TP put a pending order on the other side of support so you can stay with the drop. When price quits dropping you will no longer be in.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Thanks.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
NZD interest rate Wed. If they change it follow the trend on that one. Market has shown strong volatility on any change or even non change recently.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
In post #555 I have the http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/attach/mq4.gif i-Breakeven.mq4 indicator. How hard would it be to mesh it with this EA ? What I'd like it to do is calculate break even on  level 2 and 3 trades and automatically set TP on all open trades to a desired price. What I've been doing is getting the break even price and adding 20-30 pips past BE to all levels.  Example: Buy E/U at 1.5000, price falls to 1.4800, EA kicks in Level 2 trade, BE is automatically calculated , x number of pips added to BE, EA then resets TP on both levels. Price falls to 1.4600, EA kicks in L3, calculates BE + desired number of pips past BE and resets TP on all three levels. I think this would make a nice addition to the strategy. Also, I'd really appreciate it if someone could add language or change language to keep EA from reentering after a TP occurs.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Thank you Mr. Pound. Last month you were my headache. This month you are fantastic. Some oil company stepped in and bought a bunch of pounds to stop the drop for now. Never know what will happen in forex. Closed out my Eur/jpy trade. I also did the gbp/chf but that is not a chosen pair made a nice profit on it too. I will show you what I did with the gbp in the next post. Cut my DD almost in half. Finally getting back to normal trading here. Maybe the forex will get back to bouncing again over these long tortuous trends.

TAKE PROFITS
Aud/Cad, +10
Eur/usd, +166

gbp/jpy +122

gbp/usd +215

USD/CHF +10

USD/CHF +102 left my EA on and it entered a 2nd time

CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/jpy  -246 3L  -72 4L +99

OPEN TRADES
aud/jpy,  3L -385  4l -25
chf/jpy     -283 2L -127 L3 +70
Eur/cad, 1L -145 2L 0
nzd/jpy    -386 2L -183 3L +65
usd/jpy  -88

TOTALS

total for day +406

+406 for the week

+ 954 for the month

Carry over -1487

primary trades
BUYS   aud/usd
SELLS  usd/sgd

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS aud/cad, all gbp pairs put sell stops below support lines

OK JPY give us our nice retrace today and we will be sitting very nice once again.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
I used this strategy for all the gbp pairs, gbp/chf, gbp/jpy, gbp/usd. I got in late on the gbp/chf but used it for the 2nd round of trades. The gbp dropped like a rock over very negative economic report. I took profit at the first check mark and then put a sell stop under the support line. It broke through again and I took profit a second time. I put a sellstop under the next support line but price has not broke through support as a big oil company stepped in and bought some GBP. Once that dies out and no one else interferes I am set up on all three with a sell limit under that next support. You can see the yellow line on the screen. So if price breaks support again I will be in the trade on all three pairs going down again. So far 411 pips on the gbp/jpy and gbp/usd. I will set up my next TP near the bottom of the BB band and then put another sell stop under that support line. We will play this game until the gbp quits dropping.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Sounds like a great idea but I know I will not have time to do that for a long time. Have very little free time right now.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Does anyone have a MA cross that gives an alert and posts a message. The one I have posts every hour on a 1 hour chart or every 30M on a 30M chart, etc. I need one that will just post at the time of the cross not every time it makes a new candle.

Thanks

Bob

--- 帖子 #565 ---
I got a response from the programming section on my question in post 560. This EA has a feature that will set TP of all open trades of the same pair to break even + a desired number of pips . It will also set a SL after a desired movement in price.You have to put EA on a separate chart.   http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/attach/pdf.gif Multi purpose trade manager instructions.pdf (91.2 KB, 267 views)      http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/attach/mq4.gif Multi purpose trade manager.mq4

After reading the pdf more closely I don't think it will set TP's but it will close at a variable $ profit. Has lots of cool features.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Today was clear it out day. All the bad trades were washed away and still sitting with a profit for the month. Been a tough one but we made it through all those trends. Closed all my pending orders. Love the forex. The AUD gets a .25 rate increase and goes on a 3 week trend. GBP gets some really bad economic news and drops for a day. Yes folks trade those fundamentals. I have moved up my sell stops on the gbp pairs. Maybe they will drop again. Then again maybe not. Well, cleared out all the DD with very little damage, still up for the month. Now we need a couple of good days to finish the month.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/cad +54
Eur/cad, 1L 0 2L +145

CLOSED FOR LOSS
aud/usd  -12 didnt like this trade and closed it
aud/jpy,  3L -305  4l +55
chf/jpy     -193 2L -37 L3 +160
nzd/jpy    -308 2L -105 3L +143
OPEN TRADES
usd/jpy  -41

usd/sgd +15

TOTALS

total for day -403

+3 for the week

+ 551 for the month

Carry over -26

primary trades
BUYS eur/usd
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS  usd/chf

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Dang NZD move 250-400 pips on the news that it didnt change interest rates, along with related news. SHEEEEEEEEESH.

TAKE PROFITS
usd/jpy +47

usd/sgd +0

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

eur/usd  -99
usd/chf  -59

TOTALS

total for day +47

+50 for the week

+ 598 for the month

Carry over  -158

primary trades
BUYS chf/jpy eur/jpy
SELLS  eur/aud

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS eur/cad
AS tempting as they look, do not touch the NZD pairs.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
I've been pretty impressed with the EA's performance over the last three weeks. I've been able to bank $782 on a $50,000 demo using only 100:1 leverage. So that would be $78 on $5000 over three weeks. Actually could have banked another $800. What happened was, I have my TP set at 50 and on two  different trades, I entered a L2 and retraced 50,closing out both levels for a combined loss. On another trade I entered  L3 ,got a 50 retrace closing out all three levels for a big loss. So I'm in a delema here. I want to leave the EA on to reenter but if it does and then retraces 50 before I see it, it closes the multiple trade for a loss. I could set my TP for more to try to avert this but I like to get my 50 and get out. I guess I could set limit orders for L2 and L3 and turn EA off. The account manager I posted earlier does'nt seem to work. I've been playing around with the My Money Profit feature on this EA to see if it will work. If it does, it would let me leave EA on after L1( to enter additional levels if necessary)  and still get me out at a combined 50 on a retrace. Will let you know if this feature works or not.

Update: Now have banked $1183( I'm trading a dollar a pip) for the three weeks with the big move from news today and very little DD. presently. The worst DD I've seen in the three weeks has been around 6%. I'm really thinking I might be able to trade this with 100:1 leverage.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Thanks again for sharing Bob, I'm quietly following your orders in the background and am slowly recovering my losses.

Have a great weekend

--- 帖子 #570 ---
To get around FIFO IBFX says as long as your lot sizes are different you can close in any order you want. So instead of levels of 5, 5, 5 I am experimenting with 3,5,8 which is a 16 commitment over a 15 commitment. To find numbers that work try this program and get multiples that would get you closer to breakeven. The problem you have is if you only try for 50 pips off of a 200 reentry you will need to multiply by 4 to  make the third level profitable. That also gives you a  much higher risk. The deeper you go in the trade the bigger the retrace must be to get where you want to go. So on 5.5.5 each level I need a 200 retrace to break even at level 3. At a 1.6 multiplier or levels 3,5,8 I only need a retrace of 138 to break even. That is a 35% retrace on a -400 move. That is a reasonable number to expect. Fibo numbers give retracement at 38.2% so I think that formula would work. Anyway here is Frostcalls formula program that works in Excel. See if you can find numbers that work for you. I have it set at 3,5,8 to show you how they look. The program does not add the spread so take that into your thinking when you develop numbers.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
I am so happy the market turned back to normal again. Bouncing up and down like a good little baby. Thank you. After a very rough month we are up in the sky again.  Imagine how good of a day I would have had if I had taken all those NZD trades, but then again it could have gone against me also. So I take the AUD off of the interest rate news and I am playing against a 3 week trend and battle them all month. I dont take the NZD and they all retrace 150-250 pips. Go figure. I guess if the big move is off of no change take the trades the next day. If the interest rate changes stay out.

Everytime this month I have cleared out trades the next day they kept moving in my favor and I wouldnt have needed to take such a big loss. Everytime this month I have hung onto trades trying for a smaller loss, price has moved against me and I had a bigger DD. Yet we remain in profit. Welcome to FOREX where every decision can be wrong but I still am profitable. SHEEEEEEEESH.

TAKE PROFITS
chf/jpy +134

eur/aud +144
eur/cad +25
eur/jpy +201
eur/usd +14
usd/chf  +6

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

TOTALS

total for day +524

+574 for the week

+ 1122 for the month

Carry over 0

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS aud/nzd

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS aud/cad
Watch all the gbp as secondary trades to day. Also the eur/nzd as a secondary trade later today.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
HMMMMMMMM 40 like my system 41 do not. I will have my 3rd profitable month in a row and I publish my trades every day. Wonder what the 41 who do not like my system use???

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Don't know if I'll stick to the 50 TP but I only use it on my L1 trades. At L2 and L3 I figure out what BE is and add some pips (20-30) on top of that for a small profit at TP. Isn't it funny how IBFX hasn't mentioned the soon to take place leverage restrictions yet?

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Of all the brokers, so far they are the most innovative. It is why I havent joined the move to a foreign broker yet, I will wait to see what they will do.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Would love to see IBFX drop out of NFA. I don't think it's manditory to belong. They've told me twice over the phone that they'll have to comply at the end of Nov. so unless you hear differently I wouldn't be carrying too many trades going into the last week.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
What's your best guess on getting this EA to not reenter after a TP? Maybe your programmer friend would know. thanks

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Use an EA that closes only and put on a lower TF. When it closes that trade there is no more opening. It will take a separate EA to do that.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Also using the BB band EA. It only opens a trade when price hits the top or lower band.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
My one regret was taking the gbp/jpy profit too early went almost 350 points. Still nice finish for a very rough month. OK Monday we start a new month at zero.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/cad +25

gbp/jpy  +188
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd  -58

gbp/usd +128

eur/nzd -233 L2 -33

TOTALS

total for day +213

+787 for the week

+ 1335 for the month

Carry over -196

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS eur/usd
(nzd/chf, nzd/jpy, nzd/usd if you want to play them) I will probably play one or two of them. Even though I took them off my list I will still take a juicy looking trade, when everything else is quiet. I just dont want to be loaded into one currency like I was with the AUD this month.
SELLS eur/cad, eur/nzd

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Starting Aug. 16 page 16 post #237 I started making daily calls on my trades. I will try to post them before the JPY session good or bad and see what happens. This gives traders the opportunity to see how a day by day trading is done, with all the mistakes, trials and tribulations. You see the good times and the bad. This is real, I post them every morning and you can see exactly how I handle my trades day by day. Once I post the trade there is no hiding the system. +5006 pips since Aug. 16 to Oct. 31.
Aug. 2009 Total +1020 pips

Sept. 2009 total +2651 pips p. 27 post #396
Oct. 2009 total + 1335 for the month P. 39 post #579 (This was our most difficult month so far but we survived and profited)
2 1/2 month total +5006 (dang thats good) the vote on this system by the great FF factory experts is 40 for and 41 against. hmmmmmmmmm wonder if the 41 against made more than 5006 pips the last 2 1/2 months.

--- 帖子 #581 ---
2 1/2 month total +5006 (dang thats good)- That's darn good, especially  this last month. Your poll is even now.

--- 帖子 #582 ---
I posted this on the other thread but if you get caught on the wrong side of a trade this week using the system, especially if a country makes an interest rate change, just close the trade and follow the trend. If they dont change look for a big move and then a big retrace the next day, could be very profitable. Anyway here is my note:

Well this is going to be an exciting week with prices bouncing all over the place. Interest rate news

MON AUD (expecting an increase)

WED USD

THURS EUR, GBP

Recently no news or no change in the interest rate has been very exciting. There have been big moves on currencies, some moving over 300 pips in a matter of hours, when they havent changed their rates and long trends lasting weeks when they do. I would not want to take the 60x90 into these news stories. I dont think it has enough range to handle these kind of moves when there are interest rate changes. I will not even use my 180x100 during this week. I will be using the 40MA BB on pairs not effected by the news. If you are going to trade this week do not play a lot of one kind of currency. In other words dont have 5 AUD pairs going at once. Maybe 2, same with all the others. Take your 2 or 3 favorites and trade them.

VERY IMPORTANT. MAJOR NEWS ALWAYS TRUMPS INDICATORS. If any country changes its interest rate just follow the trend. They probably will run 2-3 weeks in one direction so follow it. If they dont change there have been big moves for about a 24-36 hour period. So trade with care.

--- 帖子 #583 ---
I think I found a MA cross that will do what I want. Thanks for your help.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Bob, which MA cross are u talking about? Can you please tell

Also I wanted to know why you are using 3EMA-close and 3EMA-open crossover to enter a trade? sorry I am a newbie......and wanted to know whats to special in 3EMA

Thanks in Advance

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Finding a top or a bottom of a move is like finding a needle in a haystack so we search for it. In a ranging market Sto and BB work great. If trending then we look for the blue sto crossing the MACD. However, I am not going to sit and stare at a screen all day looking for it. We want to stay out of the trade until there is a move downward. A 3x3 is fairly accurate but 20% of the time it will enter too early. A 3x3 is approximately the same time the white sto will cross the 15 or 85 line. So the logic is I want a definite downturn before I enter and the sto crossing the 15/85 is a good place to start. The 20% of the time it is wrong we multi level the entrance. That is the theory. Once we are in overbought and oversold territory, price will move only so far before it retraces for some reason. The exception is very big news stories or a fundamental change in the currency IE interest rate changes. We watch out for those two things we are in good shape on almost every trade. If we get into a bad trade we try to retrace our way as close to 0 as we can get so we get to keep our profits.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
thanks bob. 1qq: how do you turn on the buy/sell EA's? at a time only 1 should be started for any currency? I have gotten everything else then this. Please help

Thanks

--- 帖子 #587 ---
How do you know which EA to use on which pair. There are a lot of them in the paperclip files.

--- 帖子 #588 ---
That is what page 1 post 1 is for, read the instructions.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Bob can i use this system for a daily tf or strictly for the 4hr time frame. Also should i use the same 3ma cross over for daily tf or change it like u say in ur manual.

Also can u tell how to have 2 indicators in 1 indicator window?

thanks

--- 帖子 #590 ---
I post everyday what I do, sells, buys, you can follow along for a while and get the feel. In my book, page 1 post 1 I give the different trade scenarios. When you see a trade scenario you post that template onto the screen. The EA is already in it. The EA will automatically enter the trade when price crosses the MA so you will be in then. Then monitor the trade.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
You can use the daily TF for signals if you wish but the EAs are hard coded for the 4H TF. If you want them changed just go into the code and change the 4H to D1 and it will be ready. Probably need to change the 3x3 to a 1x1 for the daily chart though.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Also can u tell how to have 2 indicators in 1 indicator window?  From the custom indicators all you need to do is drag the indicator on top of the other indicator. Then you will have one in side the other. You can really have some weird stuff and is fun to play with. I put two stos and 1 MACD together to get the red white and blue lines. That is kinda what the ADX indicator is.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Beware of the aud go with the direction it heads after the interest rate news story. Because it is a big news week almost all the currencies are sitting in the middle. That is no man's land and we dont trade it. I put the Eur/Chf on but that is a maybe. I took two nzd trades and they are just sitting there. So we wait for the news stories to take price to one extreme or the other and then take the trades. So not much happening today. The nzd/jpy nzd/chf trades play very tight. Get your SL up as soon as possible.

TAKE PROFITS
eur/usd  +62

eur/nzd  +103 gapped up monday entered and took the profit.

gbp/usd +120 took the profit
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd  -87

eur/cad  -8

eur/nzd -261 L2 -61

nzd/chf,  -21

nzd/jpy  -5

TOTALS

total for day +285

+285 for the week

+ 285 for the month

Carry over -443

primary trades
BUYS  eur/chf
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Wiped out my carryover and still made a profit. With yesterdays profit from the Eur/Nzd trade it actually was a profitble trade even though today it looks like a loss. Beware of the eur and usd interest rate statements tomorrow. dont get deep into any of the trades. Not much out there today, nice day to go fishing. Excitement will be later in the week.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/nzd +33

eur/cad  +50 (hit my trailing stop, nice move though)
eur/chf   +10

nzd/chf, +12

nzd/jpy  +10
CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/nzd -142 L2 +58
OPEN TRADES

TOTALS

total for day +31

+316 for the week

+ 316 for the month

Carry over 0

primary trades
BUYS  aud/cad (even though this shows as a primary trade, it is sitting in the middle of the screen so not a really good trade. I am going to pass on it but I thought I would post it to show an iffy primary trade.)
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Updating trading results.  +1502 for the less than four weeks I've been trading the EA with at least another + 800 if I wouldn't have mistakenly left the EA on. I'm trading the 200 3L EA's on 18 pairs starting at .1 on a $50,000 demo. I'm taking only primary trades. The worst DD I've seen in the 31/2 weeks was less than 6% and so far 100:1 margin has held up. I've been taking +50 on L1 trades. When I go to L2 or L3 I set my TP at BE + 20-30 pips. My multiplier is 1.5. I'm quite happy with the results so far.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Didnt have any trades on so nothing happened. The aud/cad would have made around 50 pips but did not take it. The market is sitting in the middle for now, I believe that is because it is not sure what will happen with all the interest rate stories later today. If they all move to overbought or oversold then that is kind of predictor of what will happen later. If there are any trades its the Gbp/chf, gbp/jpy, gbp/usd as sells back to the middle. If you take those have a tight stop and play them to go back to the middle and then get out before interest rate time. Some of the Auds have lined up as secondary trades but I am not taking them either. Will take the aud/nzd but that is it. Other than that, go fishing again.  The aftermath of the news tomorrow will be our play time. Good day to go to the 5M chart and scalp a couple of quick ones.

TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

TOTALS

total for day 0

+316 for the week

+ 316 for the month

Carry over 0

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS aud/nzd

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Hey, good news the positive votes are 43-41. Took 5000 pip profit in less than 3 months to do it though.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
What is your broker doing? Havent heard from IBFX? Here is some news for USA customers.

On November 30, 2009, the NFA will implement amendments to the Financial Requirements Sections 11 and 12.  This amendment will limit leverage to 100:1 for U.S. held accounts, including all currencies and metals offered by FX Solutions.

FX Solutions is able to provide an alternative to the new NFA amendments reducing leverage. You have the option of continuing all current functionality by seamlessly opening an additional account with FX Solutions UK. This alternative would also allow

you to:  http://content.mkt41.net/ra/2009/422.../checkmark.jpe Maintain leverage up to 400:1 on Forex and up to 200:1 on Spot Metals†  http://content.mkt41.net/ra/2009/422.../checkmark.jpe Trade on a ticket-based system  http://content.mkt41.net/ra/2009/422.../checkmark.jpe Place stop loss and limit orders on individual trades  http://content.mkt41.net/ra/2009/422.../checkmark.jpe Utilize Hedging functionality††

--- 帖子 #599 ---
There are two important things about interest rates. If they change, they fundamentally change the direction or continuation of a currency. This may affect a currencies movement for days or even weeks. As you may have noticed the last AUD change sent price up for 3 weeks straight with very little retracement.

Second there is associated news that comes out with it based on the interest rate change or non change. So even though the interest rate may not change, the currency will move based on associated news. Last year we had a change on the NZD rate that moved the market but several hours later, based on that change, the credit rating changed which made the NZD shoot hundreds of points. That secondary story caused me to take one of my biggest losses last year. That news story was not on the FF calendar but greatly affected price action. So that is why I am so cautious around interest rate changes, it affects many other areas that may not be readily seen or known as a trader.

So as you can see I am very cautious around these events. Even though most of the time the market does not move that much, it is when there is a surprise and you are on the wrong end, your account can be damaged very quickly.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Minimum trade size is 10cents a pip right? I know with  FX solutions Australia you have to trade 10 cents a pip.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
I dont know will investigate when I get home from work tonight. Interesting to see whether a company will stay or move from the USA. We wonder why our jobs keep going overseas. Stupid, we are losing our freedoms on regulation at a time. If this actually protected investors I wouldnt complain but this only forces the little guys to go elswhere. The NFA is only out to protect its own little group.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Not sure MT4 is offered by FX Sol.UK. I know it is with the Aus. branch.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ hmmmmmmmm not much out there so went to the list of currencies I said I dont trade and found some there. Looking at the gbp
TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd -46

TOTALS

total for day 0

+316 for the week

+ 316 for the month

Carry over -46

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS eur/nzd

Maybe later today if they line up eur/cad, eur/usd

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS gbp/chf, gbp/nzd, gbp/usd, gbp/jpy all look good as secondary trades so I am going to take 2 of them. gbp/nzd and gbp/usd. The problem of the gbp is there is lots of bad news coming out but banks and companies are stepping in and supporting the pound. Hard to trade when people are stepping in and buying when the news is bad. So if you sell, take the profit, because it will disappear quickly. It is why I dont trade fundamentals, this is how they get killed on trades. Only long term position traders win out in the long run, if some sudden good news doesnt hit. See chart below. I had expected the pound to keep dropping but with the buy ins, it didnt. My 40 MA BB would have played this perfectly but I was expecting a BB band run so I didnt use it. Oh well, Forex trading is so  much fun. TP at each support line and put a sell limit below it. If someone doesnt step in again you may get another good ride. If people do step in, you get to keep your full profit and not get involved in backlash.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
I have been demo the FX SOL mt4 but it keeps freezing up on me. So I dont know. Still have not heard from IBFX. Wondering what they will do??

--- 帖子 #605 ---
My FXSol. Australia demo has been good. Don't like the higher spreads and swap but I still think it's worth it to get the 400:1 and hedging. I'm going to trade a retirement account with them so the 10 cents a pip is ok with me.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
I am trying to get a follow the trend EA to work. Trying to overcome the SL problem is a pain. Will keep working but I am running into all the problems I had in the past with these dang things. It is actually easier to get a non trend EA profitable than a trending one. I dont like the  costs of shipping money to Australia and back. Even though the spreads are higher they are fixed whereas IBFX loves to increase the spread as you approach profit.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
With the help of the programming section and (IamThat), I think I have the changes you have to make to the code to keep EA from rentering after a TP. Will post changes if they work. Bob, quick question- Say the EA enters a trade with TP set to say 50. If you then change the TP variable of the EA to 0, will the EA override the existing TP order and close it at BE? Or will the trade close at +50 since that's what the order line reads at the bottom of the chart? Hope the question is clear enough. thanks

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Not really sure what you are asking. There are only a couple of ways to take a profit. 1. # of pips 2. indicator cross 3. TS 4. some  predetermined point like a trend line, BB band, etc.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
eeked out a couple of trades. For a big news week it sure was quiet but +487 pips and very little DD, I will take weeks like this all year long. Bad report for USA employment and the markets hardly moved. The Forex is about business doing business and it has been quiet, are businesses not doing business around the world and things are getting worse????
TAKE PROFITS
eur/nzd +83

gbp/nzd +88

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd -98

Eur/cad Not entered

Eur/usd   +22 set SL at 0

gbp/usd    0

TOTALS

total for day +171

+487for the week
+487 for the month

Carry over -76

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS aud/cad, eur/cad

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Sorry I wasn't clear with the question. Example - EA has gotten you into a trade with TP set at 50. So your trade is opened and running at the bottom of the chart with TP set to 50. At this point if you change the TP variable of the EA attached to your chart to 0, will the EA override the existing TP setting of 50 at the bottom of the chart?

--- 帖子 #611 ---
The EA sets the TP, SL, etc. at the time of the trade so if you change the EA it does not change the old trade because all its parameters were set at the time the trade was entered. In other words it placed at the server or your broker all the parameters. If you change the EA parameters that does not change the existing trade at your broker. You will have to change the original trade manually. However, if you change let us say the distance to the next reentry from 200 to 150 and you have kept the same magic number then the EA will reenter the trade at 150 since this is a new trade. Same thing if you change lot size, multiplication, etc. the next trade will reflect the changes. So if you start at 2x multiplication and the first trade is 2 lots then 2nd level would be 4 lots. However, if you change the multiplication to 1.5 then when it reenters the second level it will be 3 lots instead of 4 lots because you changed the parameters for the next trade. If you are at two lots on the first trade and you change the lot size to 1 lot and multiplication stays at 2x then the 2nd level would be 2 lots also, the same as the first lot, because you changed the parameters of the next trade. So EA changes do not affect the original order already placed but will change subsequent orders.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
aud/nzd gapped 120 pips this morning and I took the profit.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
For anyone who's interested, here are the changes needed to stop the EA from reentering after a TP is hit. Also notice that you have to delete a line and a bracket at the end. I'm pretty sure this stops reentry after a SL is hit also. Thanks to IamThat.

bool YesStop;
bool isTPSL=False;

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| expert initialization function |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int init()

{

//----

//----

return(0);

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| expert deinitialization function |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int deinit()

{

//----

DeleteAllObjects();

//----

return(0);

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| expert start function |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int start()

{

//----

int cnt=0;

bool result;

string text="";

string version="VERSI INI DAH EXPIRED...SILA YM xxul_gunturean utk penggantian";

// skrip masa trading

if (UseTradingHours)

{

YesStop = true;

if (lotsi<0.01) lotsi=0.01;

if (lotsi>100) lotsi=100;

OpenOrders=0;

MarketOpenOrders=0;

LimitOpenOrders=0;

for(cnt=0;cnt<OrdersTotal();cnt++)

{

if (OrderSelect(cnt, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES))

{

if (OrderSymbol()==Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber() == MagicNumber)

{

if (OrderType()==OP_BUY || OrderType()==OP_SELL)

{

MarketOpenOrders++;

LastOrderOpenTime=OrderOpenTime();

}

if (OrderType()==OP_SELLLIMIT || OrderType()==OP_BUYLIMIT) LimitOpenOrders++;

OpenOrders++;

}

}

}
if(PreviousOpenOrders>OpenOrders) isTPSL=True;

if (OpenOrders<1)

{

if (!TradeOnFriday && DayOfWeek()==5)

{

Comment("TradeOnfriday is False");

return(0);

}

}

...................................  ...................................  ..........

}

if (PreviousOpenOrders>OpenOrders)

{

ContinueOpening = false;

for(cnt=OrdersTotal()-1;cnt>=0;cnt--)

{

if (OrderSelect(cnt, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES))

{

mode=OrderType();

if ((OrderSymbol()==Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber() == MagicNumber) || AllSymbolsProtect)

{

if (mode==OP_BUY || mode==OP_SELL)

{

OrderClose(OrderTicket(),OrderLots( ),OrderClosePrice(),slippage,Arrows  Color);

return(0);

}

}

}

}

for(cnt=0;cnt<OrdersTotal();cnt++)

{

if (OrderSelect(cnt, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES))

{

mode=OrderType();

if ((OrderSymbol()==Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber() == MagicNumber) || AllSymbolsProtect)

{

if (mode==OP_SELLLIMIT || mode==OP_BUYLIMIT || mode==OP_BUYSTOP || mode==OP_SELLSTOP)

{

OrderDelete(OrderTicket());

return(0);

}

}

}

}

}

PreviousOpenOrders=OpenOrders;

if (OpenOrders>=MaxTrades)

{

ContinueOpening=False;

} else {

ContinueOpening=(isTPSL==False);

}

Delete the next line and bracket

--- 帖子 #614 ---
OK a good day.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/cad, +45

aud/nzd  +39

Eur/cad  +101

Eur/usd    + 0
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

gbp/usd -187  -13

TOTALS

total for day +185

+672for the week
+672 for the month

Carry over -200

primary trades
BUYS usd/chf
SELLS eur/usd

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Dear Customer,

Thank you for contacting us regarding new margin requirements. Beginning November 29, 2009, any clients who have a leverage higher than 100:1 will have their leverage lowered to 100:1 as per the NFA's new rule regarding margin requirements.

We will also send out more information to clients that may be affected by this as we get closer to the deadline.

If you have any further questions, feel free to contact us anytime.

Kind Regards,

Carl Gierisch

Interbank FX

--- 帖子 #616 ---
QUIET DAY, NOTHING HAPPENED.
TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

eur/usd +6

gbp/usd -167 +7
usd/chf -1

TOTALS

total for day +0

+672for the week
+672 for the month

Carry over -155

primary trades
BUYS USD/JPY
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. [/quote]

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Dont see a whole lot happening so will go play baseball today. If you want to trade something the AUD/CHF is the only trade I see.
TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
eur/cad -11

TOTALS

total for day +0

+816 for the week
+816 for the month

Carry over 0

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Hi Bob,

I am in EURAUD long at 1.61582. Now the price went against my position by 120 pip, and price is at the lower BB band with Red, blue & whie all below 15 line. My question is is this a good time to re-enter 2nd level ?

Reasons to re-enter are as follows:

1.   Price below BB lower band

2.   Red, whie & blue below 15 line

Reason not to re-enter:

1.   Its only 120 pip away from my 1st level.

Another question i have is the margin used. I understand you say try to stay with in 15% of the capital. Is there any way to find out how much margin I have use everytime from ibfx ? I can see there is "margin", Free margin & margin level. Which one should I look at ?

Appreciate your attention.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Since it formed a resistance line I did an entrance there, if it had not formed a R I would wait for a deeper drop to reenter. Unless you have a very good reason you should always try to keep your reentries 150-250 pips apart. This would be an exception, not the rule, normally this would be too close but it is sound reasoning to reenter here. The main reason is it is at the bottom of the screen and to every trader in the world the screen is saying BUY me BUY me and to the sell traders it screams TAKE YOUR PROFIT, TAKE YOUR PROFIT. I would not do this reentery if price was more in the center of the screen. I think here it is a safe reentry. I hope I am right for both of us.

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Once IBFX switches to 100:1 from 400:1 it is going to be very hard for me to stay in that 15-20% range. I am going to have to greatly increase my funds and not do as many trades at one time. I will have to play with the numbers and adjust. I will answer the other part of your question when I get home but I look at my total funds commited or my total in the lower right and compare that with my total funds in the account. So if I have 500 dollars in my account I would not want to have over 100 dollars as my DD. Once it gets past the 20% I start looking for ways to minimize my risk because once you pass that 40-50% level your funds can disappear very quickly and you have no room to manuever in adding levels. With IBFX you can have up to 3 accounts. I use two of them for trading and one for reserve funds in case I need some extra money quickly. If you tranfer funds from one account to another IBFX usually does this in a matter of minutes for you. I did that in the OCT. runnup when the gbp currencies ran on me. I had to add a couple of hundred so I could use my 2.4.2 recovery system successfully. After successfully minimizing those losses I dropped the number of pairs I traded and reduced the number of trades per currency I would do. That way I wont get my funds all tied up again. With this 100:1 ratio thing I will have to keep an eye onthese accounts to make sure I dont over margin them. Come the first week of December, I will reduce the number of trades I take, lessen my lot size and have my third account ready for transfers if I need. Until I get used to trading at this leaverage I will be very conservative with my funds. It is either that or send my money overseas. I am working on some improvements to lessen my DD but you never completely wipe that problem out in multi level trading.

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Dont see a whole lot happening so will go play baseball today. If you want to trade something the AUD/CHF is the only trade I see.
TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
eur/cad -11

TOTALS

total for day +0

+816 for the week
+816 for the month

Carry over 0

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________
GIVE A MAN A FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A DAY; TEACH A MAN TO FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A LIFETIME.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
bob is still in  nanning,guangxi province? or nanjing in jiangsu?

i think this systerm is great,through the nbmacd is not so nb.realy good

--- 帖子 #623 ---
I am in Guangxi Province just north of Vietnam.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Is there no possibilites for USA citicens to have a brooker outside USA?

Elovv

--- 帖子 #625 ---
yes there are several companies that will accept USA traders. There are several in Australia with MT4 and I am sure there are others. So far I have not decided to move outside the country yet. I will probably decide to go with less volatile pairs and smaller lots for now until I see traders are comfortable with some foreign brokers. I will wait to see if IBFX will have a foreign office first and if they dont then I will look at my options.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
I felt the eur/cad had lost its signal and it was in the middle of the chart so I closed it for a loss. Was bored so I took the aud/chf. The trade doesnt look bad so keeping it. Placed a couple of trades from currencies not on my list for Monday. I wont be heavily invested in any one currency group so I felt it was ok to violate that rule for now. The NZD/USD is also a secondary trade signal but I felt the NZD/CHF was a stronger signal if you want to compare the two and see how I decided. Basically a weak week with not much happening. I noticed I hadnt change my weekly update properly and I adjusted that. I also accidentally wiped out one days results. Sorry. Everything is up to date and accurate now.
TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/cad -15
OPEN TRADES

aud/chf -51

TOTALS

total for day -15

+314 for the week
+801 for the month

Carry over -51

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS nzd/chf

Secondary trades
BUYS  usd/jpy

SELLS   aud/usd

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________
GIVE A MAN A FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A DAY; TEACH A MAN TO FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A LIFETIME.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #627 ---
I see I gave you a reason to  violate the rules on reentering and then price continued going down. Stupid me, I should know better. Well I reentered another level on the EUR/AUD. Now you can see why I dont have it on my recommended trading list. Dang thing. If you are not in the trade, it is giving a good buy signal for now but those runs along the BB band always worry me.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
FX Solutions Australia accepts U.S. citizens.  400:1 leverage and hedging allowed but spreads and swap are more and you have to trade 10 cents per pip. I'm moving my money there and will let you know how it goes. So far I've had no problems with their demo account.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Yeah but IBFX almost always requotes so its spreads are wider than advertised, in fact many of the low spread brokers do that, that is one of the disadvantages of variable spreads also. Be nice to have a non swap broker also. I notice over time swaps take a nice chunk of change from your profits.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Even though  FX Solutions Aus. has higher spreads, at least they're fixed. The way I deal with the swap, is to add a pip or two to my TP if I have to hold a trade for awhile. Adds a little more risk but so far hasn't burnt me.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
This only happens about once a month per pair but I think it's an easy 50 pips when it does. It would be a manual trade along side the EA. Flip to the daily and look for the 7,3,3 (white line) to go OB or OS. When the line first changes direction after going OB or OS take the manual trade at the close of the daily candle. You could then set up a limit order to reenter if price goes too far against you. Might be something to use on slow trading days.

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Occasionally if flip to the daily chart but it is usually to check on the S/R lines. Would be interesting to investigate the idea though.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Hey nanningbob,

I've just set up MT4 with all your indicators after reading your notes/guide over the weekend.

The system seems quite good on paper, and it appeals to my personal style.

I'll be trading it with a demo account to see how I go over the next month or so...and will definately be keeping an eye on this thread!

Thanks for sharing and providing all the info that you have.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Hi Bob, Are you referring to my question on EURAUD ? I didnt re-enter. I see if we enter trade against trend. usually those trades give many problem and not easy to make pip, like the EURAUD, price never even retrace back to middle of BB.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Hi Bob,

I am still not clear on the risk control. Appreciate if your attention again.

I read your PDF and it say, if you have $10000 account size, you trade 1 lot, is that standard lot ?

For all the trades open, usually the default SL is about 600 pip away, I understand usually we will not let the trade run negative 600 pip and get stop out. When trade go againts us, we try to min the lost my reenter and try to get out at breakeven or small loss.

This is the problem, since we never know what is the exact risk we took for every position, (we can't use 600 pip, as that fig is not realistic.) How can we make sure the position we put in for every trade is not too big ? Moreover, we tend to have few difference pairs open at the same time, this make risk control even more difficult.

If anyone has a good solution on the the risk control, would you kindly share with the group, thankyou.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Well good luck, I have been using versions of this for about two years now but I think I have it down to a fairly final version. The success rate has been very high with the only drawback is getting caught in a long unretracing trend on occasion. Once you learn and get experienced in the 2.4.2 recovery system and minimizing losing trades, I think you will find this system profitable.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Whenever I refer to a lot, I am referring to how IBFX defines a lot. So 1 lot equals 1 USD. 0.10 is one US dime and .01 is one US penny. If you use other currencies or brokers you will have to readjust your thinking and figures to that.

If you are trained in traditional thought on Stop losses you will have a hard time swallowing my concept of trading. In reality I dont use stop losses. I only put them in my EAs to keep beginners from wiping out their accounts because they just wont close a losing trade. I space my reeentries apart 150-250 pips apart, depending on the pair traded and the nearest S/R line. I then wait for the bounce off of S/R lines and let the retrace reduce my loss to as close to 0 as I can get it and then am done with the trade. In reality I no longer ever take a stop loss except to close a 1st level trade so I can add a new 4th level. I highly recommend not ever trading more than 3 levels at one time. From my day by day trades you can watch and see how I reduce my DD and eliminate it with very little damage to my account. It is a trading skill, I dont think I have ever seen anywhere else. The bottom line is you will either understand and learn it, (you can use it with any trading system) or you will think it is non sense to trade without a defined stop loss. I have hung onto trades for as long as 3 weeks reducing the DD until I have gotten rid of it. The AUD/USD trade in Sept. is one example and the GBP/CHF in Oct. is the other. Both of those trades took around 3 weeks to reduce to almost 0 but it worked. So if you cant ever get your mind around not using well defined SL then this will be a very difficult system for you to understand and use. From the time I started trying to trade like this to really getting a recovery to work was about a year and a half. What I posted is my final results and system, you dont have to go through the long learning curve I did. But to finish this off and I am sorry if I took so long. Once a trade is 3 levels deep and the first level is around -400 pips you would drop that first level trade before taking on 4th level. That is what I call a losing trade. They dont happen very often but they do. I think in the last 3 months I might have 4 or 5 of those. Also understand the 400 pips is a guide not a hard fast rule. I see a major S/R line at the -425 or -450 mark  I wont close that trade but hang onto it to see if it breaks that line first before closing it. Then I will close the 1st level and wait for a good entrance on my 4th level.

--- 帖子 #638 ---
How can we make sure the position we put in for every trade is not too big ? Moreover, we tend to have few difference pairs open at the same time, this make risk control even more difficult.

Again we are not out to break too many trading rules. Staying in that 20% max of your account is the goal. If all your trades are at the 3 level area then the amount traded should be within 20% of your account. If you go higher than that then changes must be made. One of the reasons I changed to a group of 12 currencies is because I went way over in Oct. of my goal to stay in the 15- 20% range. So now I think it is doable. The problem now is what changes do I  need to make when all the USA brokers go to 100:1. I may have to cut out some more pairs or to do less trades. I am not sure which way I will go yet.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Well the eur/aud is off my list but I got hung on it using another trading system so now I am using my 2.4.2 system to get out.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
I think the best bet is to cut the highly correlated ones.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/usd -38

aud/chf -24

nzd/chf -56
usd/jpy -53

TOTALS

total for day 0

+314 for the week
+801 for the month

Carry over -171

primary trades
BUYS aud/nzd
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS   gbp/usd

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________
GIVE A MAN A FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A DAY; TEACH A MAN TO FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A LIFETIME.[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Take usd/sgd off the list, it is going 25:1 at the end of the month for leverage. See note below.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/usd +47
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/nzd +15

aud/chf -39

gbp/usd   +5

nzd/chf -102
usd/jpy -32

TOTALS

total for day +47

+47 for the week
+848 for the month

Carry over -153

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS  chf/jpy

SELLS   aud/chf

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________
GIVE A MAN A FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A DAY; TEACH A MAN TO FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A LIFETIME.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Note from IBFX:

ear Valued Customer,

In compliance with the upcoming NFA regulations, we will no longer be offering accounts with more than 100:1 leverage.  We are also required to alter the leverage levels on our existing accounts.   We want our customers to be aware of these new requirements to determine in advance how this may affect their trading plans and decisions.

As of market open on November 29, 2009, all currency pairs will have a maximum leverage of 100:1, with the exception of the USD/SGD and the USD/ZAR which will have a maximum leverage of 25:1.

Please be aware that this change will impact your margin requirement for any open or future positions.  For example, if you’re trading in a mini contract worth $10,000 at 100:1, you will need to post a $100 margin to open that mini lot trade.  For a nano lot, which is 0.01 of a mini contract, you will be required to post $1.

The margin call and stop levels on your 100:1 account will be:  At the 100% margin level, you will not be able to place any new trades and you will be stopped out when your margin reaches 50%.  As a contrast, if your account was 400:1 your levels would have been: Margin Call - 125%, Stop Out - 100%. We also want you to understand how leverage can work both for and against you.

Please consider your account balance and how the new margin requirements will affect you.  If you need to deposit funds, simply click on the link below and remember, we now offer no fee credit card deposits.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hey bob -

In two trades from your system now, long the eurgbp +23 pips right now, and short gbpchf for +24 pips.

Ive had to enter these trades manually though, as I cant seem to get the EA to work properly...will have to read over ur PDF again and take a better look. Im only new to MT4 so still a noob at working this EA's etc.

Seems like a nice system you have here.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
If you are demo trading and using IBFX you need the 5 digit version. Live trading 4 digit version. Let me know if that is not the problem.

Second check to see the smiley face in the upper right hand corner. That lets you know it is working.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Not much out there right now. Still picking up some pips here and there and they all add up for the month.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/chf  +19
chf/jpy  +31

gbp/usd   +26
CLOSED FOR LOSS
usd/jpy -8  (I felt the signal is lost and its in the  middle of the BB so closed it.)
OPEN TRADES
aud/nzd -6

nzd/chf -52

TOTALS

total for day +68

+115 for the week
+916 for the month

Carry over -58

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
Look at the usd/chf and eur/usd as secondary trades later in the day if they go to their previous high and low. Eur/NZD maybe a good buy if it goes back to the bottom of the BB. Even though it was giving a signal earlier in the week, I would never want to take that currency in the middle of the screen. It is very volatile.
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.
GIVE A MAN A FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A DAY; TEACH A MAN TO FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A LIFETIME.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Just wanted to add another observation. I wouldn't take these manual daily trades unless price was near a bollinger band. I've taken 7 of these daily trades this week so far and all have TP'd for 50 pips.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
sold my two positions from earlier this week for a handy hand profit -

nice 1

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Tough decisions today. Several currencies are showing buy or sell signals with the 3 lines but they are all sitting in the middle of the screen. I am reluctant to take them. So I choose some good ones and a couple of maybes. hmmmmmmmm more later.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/nzd +103

nzd/chf  + 42
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

TOTALS

total for day +145

+260 for the week
+1061 for the month

Carry over -0

primary trades
BUYS eur/aud, chf/jpy
SELLS eur/chf

Secondary trades

BUYS usd/jpy
SELLS  eur/cad, aud/nzd

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.
GIVE A MAN A FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A DAY; TEACH A MAN TO FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A LIFETIME.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Here are pics of two trade showing signals but I am not taking. Aud/Cad because it is in the middle of the screen and the middle of a very narrow BB. To me this is a risky trade in which there is no clear direction even though the 3 lines show a trade. The aud/chf is a much better looking trade but again price is in the middle of the screen. That is a much tougher one to turn down but I will for now. If it runs farther down into the lower 1/3 of the screen then I will take it.

--- 帖子 #651 ---
The eur cad has a similar signal as the aud cad I turned down but it is in the upper 1/3 of the screen so that I think is the better trade. The usd/jpy is a nice secondary trade which we have made money on before so we go again.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
eur/aud and chf/jpy are nice trades also. The eur/aud is a classic primary trade and the chf/jpy is a classic secondary trade. I like both of these. You may ask whats the difference between the eur/aud and the aud/ chf. Probably nothing, I am only going to take one of the middle of the screen trades, not all of them. I trust the eur more for bouncing around than the chf.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Dang, your making more money than me.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Ive taken both the eur/cad and the eur/aud trades earlier in the day -

currently sitting -7 and -23 respectively.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Bob,

How do you get MACD and the 2 stoc oscs to draw as single lines. MACD NB comes out as 2 lines. So does Stoc 14-5-3 and 7-3-3. Help!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #656 ---
I put the TRUE MACD with the template on page 1 post 1. You can pick it up there.

--- 帖子 #657 ---
QUIET DAY. gbp/jpy and eur/nzd look like great trades for Monday.

Be prepared for prices to go flat for Thanksgiving for USD pairs this week. Good luck.
TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd, -60
chf/jpy   -30
eur/aud, -15

eur/cad, -28

eur/chf  -10
usd/jpy   -5
TOTALS

total for day 0

+260 for the week
+1061 for the month

Carry over -148

primary trades
BUYS gbp/jpy
SELLS EUR/NZD
Secondary trades

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.
GIVE A MAN A FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A DAY; TEACH A MAN TO FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A LIFETIME.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Hey nanningbob and other guys,

please comment the following setup

Chears

--- 帖子 #659 ---
I think a good chance of being profitable, but a little nomansland middle screen for Bob's liking I believe.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
That was a trade I would take when my leverage was 400:1 but now I will sit and wait for it to go lower. If price continued down and I went 2 or 3 levels deep it did not bother me but now I am more picky. I would take that trade sunday night at the jpy session if it gaps down. Probably would be a great trade then. In fact I will be looking for the gap. I am taking the gbp/jpy trade it is a much better setup.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
If I understand this system then EUR/NZD looks like a good short for about 400 pips.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Yup, thinking the same thing.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Hi bob,

Ive got the "sell" template and the "sell" EA on the EUR/NZD chart...are you using the EA on this one or entering manually?

I have been trying to use the EA's, but I havn't used one yet because they take a long time to trigger and I get a bit impatient...mostly because I'm not sure if I've got it working properly..

Hope that makes sense.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
I am manually entering the trades. EUR/CAD is also providing a short signal .. 1.59-1.60 zone look tempting for a trip back down to the 1.55ish

--- 帖子 #665 ---
cool, thats I've been doing but i'd like to get the EA's happening so I can take trades when I'm away.

Also short opportunity on the EUR/GBP, and a long on the GBP/CHF coming up...

If i take these trades it would mean I'm long on GBP on 2 pairs, and short EUR on 3 pairs...

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Good day mr. nanningbob,

i have a question...say if i have 3 different e.a running on pair eurusd, all these e.a have open positions, one of them is your e.a 4h BB EA 4D,...all of them having different magic numbers, one of them is marginale type of e.a with different SL position.

say, your e.a. hit SL, is there any possibility that all other position for EU pair will be closed as well.??

say, marginale e.a hit SL, is there any posibility that other position for EU pair will be closed as well.??

this question is in relation to scripts document .... close ALL in scripts folder..

thank you mr. nanningbob

--- 帖子 #667 ---
That " long time to trigger" will  a lot of times keep you from entering too early if price continues to run. As Bob has said, the 3,3 cross usually happens about the same time the white stoch. line is coming out of OB or OS territory. If you want to check to see if the EA is working right, you could put the 3MAclose,3MAopen moving averages on all your charts. Then say the 3 close has crossed down over the 3 open on one of your charts. Put the sell EA on that chart and it should immediately kick in. of course you need the smiley face in the upper right hand corner for EA to be on.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Dear NanningBob!

Your system looks very cool. My question: in the primary trades how large percentage it is necessary to open 2. or 3. position, and the winning proportion?

(Sorry, my English language knowledge is weak.)

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Just closed the gpb/jpy for +81

sitting on the eur/cad trade at +54 right now.

also closed the eur/aud trade for -2

missed a cpl trades last night as the EA didnt work, will have to look again today

--- 帖子 #670 ---
The reason I created the 3x3 EA was because I had a bad habit of entering too early in a trade. So I wait for the EA to enter. Now if you are having problems with the EA there maybe a reason. There are two kinds. 1 is for 5 digit trading companies and one for 4 digit trading brokers. IBFX demos are 5 digit and their live account is 4 digit. If you have a 4 digit EA on a 5 digit account or visa versa they will not work properly. So make sure you have the proper EA. Also, you are trading a 4H chart so trading is on a much slower pace. I have turn on the EA and it maynot enter for several days. It waits for the cross to happen first before entering. Many times that is when it opens on the other side because price has to go a ways under the line before the 3 MA crosses the line. I have some bad trading habits so that is what I use to solve one of them. Not entering too early.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
The original system was set for every level to open at the same lot size, however, I have been experimenting with different lot sizes. I have done this because of NFA regs of FIFO and to improve my recovery time on multiple levels. What I am using now instead of 5,5,5 on every level, which totals 15. I use L1 3, L2 5, L3 8 which totals 16 but I dont have to wait for as big of a retrace to break even. So far I have like this much better. With the change of margin to 100:1 I am going to go to L1 2 L2 4 L3 6 which totals 12. The formula I am using is level 1 and 2 totals equal level 3. I also am going to  double the size of  my account and try fewer trades or only trades in the top 1/3 or bottom 1/3 of the screen. I hope to not have margin issues with this until I get used to trading at 100:1 leverage. With these changes I hope to find numbers that make it safe to trade and keep my account intact without danger of wiping it out or margin calls. I hope this helps other traders with the new NFA rules.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
The close all in the scripts will close every single open trade you have on all currencies. It does not matter what EA you are running.

Now running multiple EAs. You can do this if each EA has a different magic number. They will control only the trades they entered. However, if you are with a company that does not allow hedging (USA NFA rules) then if one of the EAs has a sell the other EAs will not be allowed to open a buy trade. So this may mess up some of your entry points. Thank you NFA for screwing up my trading systems. Why dont you go after the brokers that have automatically widen spreads in their programming as you approach your take profit or stop loss lines. That would be a help to protecting traders. Forbidding trading styles doesnt protect us you bunch of dummies.

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Thanks NBob.

I've put the 3x3 cross indicator on the charts to see where the EA would have been triggered, and it didnt work. I know that they can take a while, but I think something isn't working here. I turned the BUY 1502L4H5D EA on the GPB/JPY mid yesterday, the 3x3 crossed at 11.15pm, yet it didnt trigger the buy...

I have the 4 digit templates on but the 5 digit EA's on (demo account with 5 digits), would this make it incompatible? I looked in the 5 digit template folder but it's blank ---

--- 帖子 #674 ---
When you manually trade make sure you enter off of S/R lines. You can place pending orders to do that. I do very little manual trading on the original L1 entry because I cant predict an exact turn around spot. The EA at least wait until price has changed enough in one direction for a cross to happen. You will find over time that if you manually enter sometimes price will continue running for several days before it actually retraces. The 3 lines above/below the 15/85 lines or price has broken the BB band lines are signals that a trade is pending. I have used this system for several years but it was not until I added the 3x3 crossing EA that is become very profitable. I simply got into too  many trades too early and then it was a battle to get out with a small profit or loss. The 3x3 EA is your trading discipline. It forces you to wait for a better entrance. It is not perfect but it trades better than I do.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
When ever I say I am making a trade I am turning on the EA, I am not entering manually. It is rare for me to do that. Sometimes I use my 40 MA BB especially when price is high or low on the chart so I get a good entrance point but that is rare for me to do. I will manually enter 2nd or 3rd level trades off of S/R lines but I still try to keep that 150-250 reentry distance between trades.

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Yes the 4D and 5D are incompatible. Download an IBFX demo account and test it on them. Then see what changes you have to make. Another reason they may not work is the EAs are set at .01 or micro account. You may need to change to .10 for it to work on your broker. Your broker may not use .01 lots.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
ah ok - thanks for the help.

must be the 4d/5d issue, ive already changed the lot size to 0.10...anyways...all good.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Nice solid trade day. Wish this would happen every day.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/nzd  +40 -16 (See note below on this pair)
chf/jpy   +54

eur/aud   +17 (exited too early on that one dang)

eur/cad,  +36

eur/chf   +3  (man my great grandmother can move faster than this one)
EUR/NZD +92 (exited too early on that one dang)

gbp/jpy   +93
CLOSED FOR LOSS
usd/jpy   -21 (sometimes they dont go anywhere. The trade signal is lost so I closed it.
OPEN TRADES
eur/usd +17

TOTALS

total for day +329

+329 for the week
+1390 for the month

Carry over +17

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS
AUD/NZD (see next post)
EUR/USD (I entered this yesterday when it showed up. Same spot as a primary trade from 2 weeks ago.)
Watch these

eur/nzd and gbp/jpy may set up as trades again. Look for that double or triple top or bottom. Same thing eur/aud and eur/cad.

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.
GIVE A MAN A FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A DAY; TEACH A MAN TO FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A LIFETIME.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #679 ---
There are times I will manually enter a trade and violate one of my rules. I will do this for the AUD/NZD. I have a separate thread for that called trading the AUD/NZD successfully. I know that currency very well so I will do that. Ended up successful. What I did was add a level at the new resistance so I ended up with a very profitable trade. This jump pushed price very high on the chart and I though it was a great place to enter.

However, I want to point something out about secondary trades. See the pic below:

3 weeks ago there was a primary trade signal label #1 in white. Notice price is at the top of the screen and the red white and blue lines are above the 85 line.

Numbers 2,3,4 are secondary signals because they match the #1 trade earlier so we take them. These are all excellent trades for the same reason. It is just the R,W,B lines are showing different signals. The W and B are showing trades (above 85 line) but the red line is in the center showing that price action is ranging for now.

I also show a pink x where there is a primary trade signal but I did not take it because price is in the middle of the screen. We trade outside in, not inside out. The reason so many trend systems drive people crazy is they are trading in the middle of the screen and no matter what indicators maybe saying I have learned over time that price can go in any directions from there. However, when price is at the top of the screen or bottom, price is screaming to all the traders in the world SELL SELL or BUY BUY. I am just following predictable human behavior. If price does go against me,  how far will price go off the screen before it stops? That is my basic logic behind this system.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Please return to post #1 on occasion because I add important info to this post as the thread grows.

--- 帖子 #681 ---
From the pic two posts ago. If you want to check out my theory, Look at all the times price ran up or down the upper/lower BB bands. Almost every time price came from the middle of the screen and headed for the top or bottom of the screen. Like anything else, it is not 100% but it is pretty close. That is where my trading style is going.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
It was a good day -

I can't see any trades coming up anywhere right now, will have to check again at the beginning of the Euro session.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Hi Bob,

I came cross here and find this system has very good potential. I start demoing this system from this Monday.  I took same trade as you for EURNZD and GBPJPY, grasp nice profit and run.  Million thanks to Bob to start this great thread.

and I bilieve your post is referring to Nov. 23 trades, correct?  Today, so far no good setup,  as you said, GBPJPY, EURGBP, GBPCHF, EURNZD, GBPUSD setup are forming. maybe good for enter in middle of US session or post US session.

Henry

[/quote]

--- 帖子 #684 ---
[/quote]

Yes that is correct. I am in the eur/usd and turned on the ea for eur/nzd aud/nzd, and gbp/jpy. They either have qualified as secondary trades or are about to qualify. I post my trade decisions every day just before the JPY session so you can follow along and get the hang of the system.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Lots of trades out there today, pick and choose. Have fun. Since there is a major USA holiday Thursday prices have a tendency to just bounce around in a small range around holiday time. Also, a lot of currencies are near overbought/oversold and I suspect some profit taking before the holiday so looking for a good day. Hope I am right. The other scenario is they will just drift for the next couple of days so profits or DD should be low.
TAKE PROFITS
eur/usd +61
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

AUD/NZD not entered

TOTALS

total for day +61

+390 for the week
+1451 for the month

Carry over 0

primary trades
BUYS eur/chf, gbp/chf, gbp/jpy, nzd/chf
SELLS aud/nzd, eur/aud, eur/nzd
Secondary trades
BUYS aud/jpy, nzd/jpy, nzd/usd, usd/chf, usd/jpy

SELLS  eur/usd, gbp/nzd

Watch these

eur/nzd and gbp/jpy may set up as trades again. Look for that double or triple top or bottom. Same thing eur/aud and eur/cad.

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.
GIVE A MAN A FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A DAY; TEACH A MAN TO FISH, YOU FEED HIM FOR A LIFETIME.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Just to let you guys know. The changes to the EA in post 613 do work. This doesn't allow the EA to reenter after a TP occurs but it still allows L2 nd L3 trades to kick in. This has made my trading a lot easier by not worrying about being near the computer to stop a reentry from occurring when I'm close to a TP. When I see a good setup, I turn EA on , TP set at 50 with no worry of reentry. I take my 50 pips and run.  If trade goes to L2 I adjust both TP's .

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Thanks a lot for your quick reply, sure, I will follow along with your trade.

Yes that is correct. I am in the eur/usd and turned on the ea for eur/nzd aud/nzd, and gbp/jpy. They either have qualified as secondary trades or are about to qualify. I post my trade decisions every day just before the JPY session so you can follow along and get the hang of the system.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Hi All,

I want to have a infomation panel indicator which give me information about high to low, pips to open, spread, market session open/close time, time till bar close, ATR etc.

Is there any existing indicator for that or anything I can start with?

Much appreicated for your help,  you know, not inventing the wheel http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/s.../yim/happy.gif

Thanks

Henry

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Hi Toothman,  sounds like a good idea, I will incorporate the change into Bob's EA.

I have another enhancement idea, set tp to 20 period ATR and get half out when TP is hit, and let another half run with a 20 period ATR trailing stop.  What do you think?

I am not sure if setting SL to recent swing high or low is a good idea. Since this system has a great win ration. how about not using 242 recovery but just a set a tighter SL to recent high and low. I would like to hear about Bob's comments.

Thanks

Henry

--- 帖子 #690 ---
EA is doing its job, 4 trades not entered yet, that is good. I dont expect big profits because of the holidays so most of these trades will be for small pip profits. If it wasnt for the holidays I would not have entered this many trades but I am not expecting anything to be jumping much so I am in. See what happens. 100:1 leverage is coming  Just a word of advice the nzd pairs usually profit around 50+ pips except the gbp/nzd and eur/nzd. Those can be big gainers when they move. If most of these pairs move into profit today, I will take them and close down for the week.
TAKE PROFITS
eur/aud, +10

nzd/usd  +54
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/jpy, -10

AUD/NZD -53
eur/chf, not entered
eur/usd, not entered
eur/nzd -89
gbp/chf, -57

gbp/jpy  -101

gbp/nzd  +19
nzd/chf   -53

nzd/jpy,  -59

usd/chf, not entered

usd/jpynot entered

BUYS  ,

BUYS

SELLS

TOTALS

total for day +64

+454 for the week
+1515 for the month

Carry over -403

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS eur/gbp
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Lots of set ups starting to look good, will look for entry on the 3x3 cross.

I have these waiting for the crossover:

Buy - usd/chf, usd/cad, eur/chf

Sell - eur/sud

And setups that are looking good are:

Buy - gbp/chf, gbp/cad, gpb/yen.

Current position is on eur/nzd, currently -124 pips. I'm going to try out the recovery system on this one, will re-buy once I'm -200 and see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
You will find out the eur/nzd swings quickly, to try to single entry this currency would drive you crazy but to multiple entry it, I have found  very profitable. NZD news comes out at 9 and it looks like the market is setup for good NZD news. That will cause the reversal or profit taking. If not we wait until it does.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
thanks for the input - i can see how one entry would drive you crazy already -

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Sell just triggered on the eur/usd - looks like a nice set up.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Well price is still going the wrong way. HMMMMM

--- 帖子 #696 ---
What had happened with CHF? Especially GBPCHF...it reversed, spiked up entered the buy 4H 3x6 EA then going back down again. It should have entered the 2L 150 if I didn't disabled it.

EURCHF is also interesting...

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Welcome to the world of GBP/chf. It loves to do that.

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Aahhhh...ok so that's why it is not in your top 11 pairs.

Thanks Bob.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Big movers and shakers this week!

Current positions:

eur/nzd: - 361 & -86. This is causing me some headaches, but is set up for sell again.

eur/usd: +136

aud/nzd: -33

usd/chf: +28

eur/chf: - 79

Lots of setups coming up -

BUYS: nzd/jpy, gpb/jpy, gbp/chf, eur/jpy, chf/jpy, aud/jpy, aud/chf, aud/cad. Also watching aud/usd, nzd/usd and gbp/usd.

SELLS: eur/aud.

The only issue for me is the fundamental strength of the YEN right now, in which case I won't be trading the really volatile pairs, or the ones where my spread is very large.

keep in mind im still only trading this on a demo account

--- 帖子 #700 ---
NBob, that EUR/NZD is one volatile pair!!!

might stick clear of it in the future...you are very right about it's swings.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Nothing like getting hit by a freight train DANG, The JPY and NZD made incredible moves. Well we assess the damage and go on. When I go 100:1 Monday there is no way my account would be able to handle this kind of movement. Have some tough decisions to make. I definitely have to add funds to the account to cover this on the switch over Monday. By the end of the day I will have to cut some losses if I dont get some major retraces. Dang NFA ruins my ability to use the 2.4.2 recovery without major infusions of cash. I see IBFX is moving to the UK. Will see how that turns out. If I stay in the USA I will definitely have to drop all volatile pairs and not trade them anymore. Even though there are good signals out there I must clean up this mess first and not commit anymore margin to my trades. If I had just stuck with my 11 pairs I would not be in as much trouble but still would be. I definitely will have to drop gbp/jpy and eur/nzd and go with 8-10 pairs. Will study it this weekend and decide. Even though this was a bad day, it opened my eyes to the potential dangers I will have to face trading 100:1. I definitely will have to tone down the risk factor.

I have never seen the market move like that when the USA session is closed. I have seen it drift in one direction all day but not make really big moves. gbp/jpy 700+ pips dang.
TAKE PROFITS
eur/chf, +51

eur/usd, +66

gbp/nzd  +10
CLOSED FOR LOSS
gbp/jpy -600
OPEN TRADES

aud/jpy, -256  +50

AUD/NZD -77
eur/gbp -70
eur/nzd -280 +65
gbp/chf, -217 -24

gbp/jpy  -414  -214 -14
nzd/chf   -182  -62

nzd/jpy,  -408 -208  -08

usd/chf, +78

usd/jpy  not entered

TOTALS

total for day -473

-19  for the week
+1496 for the month

Carry over -2241

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Yes it has wild swings but it will retrace unlike other pairs which will sometimes just keep trending for days and days. Will probably have to drop it with the upcoming changes in the USA

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Just took half my profit of the eur/usd trade at the 40MA line, will let the rest ride from here!

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Hope you get good retrace today Bob. I stopped trading my IBFX account two weeks ago and closed it. Got my money in two days by the way. I'll be taking the big plunge early next year trading this EA through an IRA with FXsolutions Australia (400:1) with some serious money. Until then I'll continue to trade my demo and see how far I can push it. If IBFX opens to US citizens with 400:1 I'll be back with them.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
400:1 leverage? I think this is your account's killer.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
No no no, The higher the leverage the better you can trade a multi level system. When you trade multi level most of the rules you learned about trading are the opposite. The lower the leverage the more money you have to risk. The higher the leverage the less money you risk. You can trade my systems at a penny broker for 500 dollars at 400:1 at 100:1 I will now need 2000. That is a higher risk not lower. I never understand why people dont understand that. At 400:1 my risk of MY MONEY is lower not higher. At 100:1 you will now have to face closing positions because of margin more often now. This is not a benefit to traders especially to newbies. They now have to risk more money to learn this business and will suffer bigger losses. The cost of people's education to learn Forex has just multiplied by 4.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Closed some trades out earlier than maybe I should have but I wanted to reduce my commitment before Monday's change to 100:1. So far just trying to minimize the damage and I think most is under control. Reduced my DD by 40% and still registered a profit for the week. Will register profit for the month. I will post new trades later this weekend after I do the math of the new 100:1 leverage. I see IBFX is opening an office in England but have no concrete details yet. The name of the game for me now is to keep the profit I have already won and exit out of these last couple of losing trades. One thing nice about the EUR/NZD is it can get you out of trouble as fast as you get in. I am going to change my trading pairs and go conservative until I get used to trading at 100:1 I will announce those later.
TAKE PROFITS
usd/chf,    +80
usd/jpy     +73
NZD/JPY     +92
CLOSED FOR LOSS
aud/jpy, -156  +150
gbp/chf, -127  +66
gbp/jpy   -209   -9  +191

OPEN TRADES

AUD/NZD  -96
eur/gbp  -67
eur/nzd  -438  -93
nzd/chf    -192   -72

nzd/jpy,  -308 -108

TOTALS

total for day +151

+132 for the week
+1628 for the month

Carry over -1374

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Continued to reduce my DD. I did a couple of trades with the GBP/NZD but since I didnt call it in advance I am not counting it. The eur/gbp and gbp/chf look real good but I am not taking them today. Going to ride out what I have. Sometimes price just heads for the middle of the chart during a big news week and just sets there until something happens. Strange how some threatened default on some loans in Dubai would send the markets all over the place. It is why I range trade because those moves had nothing to do with indicators or fundamentals. It is just too many trigger fingers are in Forex and too many people are ready to jump at the hint of any news. It is what makes Forex trading so rough, especially on the lower TF. Ok gonna sit tight for another day.
TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

AUD/NZD  -142  -18
eur/gbp  -117
eur/nzd  -258 +87
nzd/chf    -125   -8

nzd/jpy,  -278 -78

TOTALS

total for day +0

+0 for the week
+0 for the month

Carry over -937

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

[/quote]

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Aug. 2009 Total +1020 pips

Sept. 2009 total +2651 pips p. 27 post #396
Oct. 2009 total + 1335 for the month P. 39 post #579 (This was our most difficult month so far but we survived and profited)
November 2009 +1628 (got hit the last couple of days on the Dubai news but still not a bad month)

3 1/2 month total 6634 pips. I guess I can be happy with that.  I hope you guys don't mind if I brag just a little do you?? But is there any other system at FF or anywhere doing better?? 46 For the system 42 against. Still waiting for a negative vote guy to show something better. I hope the 100:1 wont kill me. Will be cautious this month as I experience these new numbers and ratios.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Not at all, in fact you should....

After using your system live (with very small $ account) for 2 months, I'm more convinced that 4 years search of system that suits my style is near to end.

I thank you for kindly sharing your trading systems and insights.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Bob, I think the floating minuses frighten the negative vote guys. Or no?

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Just closed my eur/nzd positions for a very small loss, if I was at the computer this morning i could have taken a profit on it. This is from being down approximately 600 points at one stage last week.

Closed -

Eur/Nzd: -146, +133.

Open:

eur/gbp: +82 and watching, still looking good although it is approaching the 40ma line...will stick with it, perhaps ill take half there and let the other half ride.

--- 帖子 #713 ---
I guess. When you are trained to put a stop loss 30 pips away and follow the trend it takes time to wrap your mind around  multi level trading. The guy above wrote about how he got out of the negative eur/nzd trade but he nearly zeroed the trade and feels good of getting the exit. Once you develop the skill of zeroing out trades you will love the system. If you cant comprehend or cant emotionally handle the negative trades you will never handle this system. As long as you trade with small enough lots so you can handle the occasional surprise story the system will get easier. My viewpoint is that we want to enter in such an overbought or oversold area that even with a surprise story hits, we still have the confidence that price has to retrace at some point even though it may continue in its present trend. The Eur/Nzd may still continue to trend up but that does not matter to us. Price has to retrace and there are market forces that will always cause that.

1. Banks have to resupply themselves with the currency that they just sold out on. Banks make money exchanging money whether it is going up or down. They are not concerned with the hundredths or thousands of a penny like we are. When they exchange money they add on several pennies or even dimes as the cost of doing business. I may have to pay 695 RMB to get 100 USD dollars or I may pay 100USD to get 685 RMB. Their profit is much higher than yours or mine. When there is a run up like last week they have to go out and buy the currency they just sold to replenish their supplies. So you know the retrace has to come.

2. Market psychology is on your side. When price is at the top of the screen, you just cant mentally think it will keep going higher even though the fundamentals may scream it should. A certain amount of traders are going to take profit and another certain amount are going to want to do a sell. This will cause a retrace. When the Dubai story hit the news, there was a price runup even higher on the charts causing even more people to think time for profit, time to sell. Once they are done then the fundamentals will take over and price will continue up or if there was enough sell off for it to go into a downtrend.

3. Business deals that have gone one way like company A in country B sold a bunch of products to country C now companies in country C sell products back to Country B and the exchange of money reverses the trend. If you want to see this principle in action go to the aud/nzd on the 5M chart and watch price just bounce up and down as products are bought and sold between the two countries. Those two countries have a very unique currency action because they are both so far away from other countries, and are so similar economically that it has that unique bouncing up and down action you wont see on other currencies. But it clearly shows what I am trying to explain here in point #3.

Just some thoughts.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Hearing you brag a little gives me more confidence so keep it up. And you have plenty to brag about. This EA and your guidance in how to trade it are truly a gift to all of us. Thanks Bob.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Today we cleaned up the mess and am now out of my negative position and kept my profit for last month intact PLUS made a profit for the day. Just like it is suppose to work. Wiped out the carryover and still made a profit.

Couple of currencies are showing signs of almost being there. AUD currencies look like they need another day or two before entering. nzd/jpy looks good from the RWB lines but I dont like taking trades in the middle of the screen anymore. Eur/usd looks good. Chf/jpy is in the middle of the screen and fundamentals are calling for a strong CHF run right now but ............. naw not going to take it even though it probably is a good trade.
TAKE PROFITS
AUD/NZD  -62 +62
eur/nzd  -58 +287
nzd/chf    -31 +86
CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/gbp  -34
nzd/jpy,  -138 +62

OPEN TRADES

TOTALS

total for day +173

+173 for the week
+173 for the month

Carry over 0

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS eur/usd

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Bob, you're right...I do feel good now that I've zero'd out the trade...i was deep as well.

This is why I'm trying all this out on a demo account for now. The system goes against all the stuff you hear about finding the trend and trading it, and keeping your stop loss tight etc. Personally, I have always had trouble making money trading that way, and always get burnt.

So far, I've made probably 300+ pips in 3 weeks on this, and that is only taking a handful of primary trades, probably half those that Bob has taken (due to being in Australia and not having internet access at home right now to enter).

I think the entry points for this system are excellent. You have CLEAR and PRECISE points of entry, and an EA to do it for you! Trade management will come with experience, however bob also provides a nice rundown for that.

Im still a beginner at this system, but so far so good.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
THANKS, I hope you have a successful trading future. I love this system and it is my favorite out of everything I have developed. I hope to share a new idea with this later today for discussion.

--- 帖子 #718 ---
closed out my eur/gbp position for +41, it hit my trailing stop loss, only to head back down a long way.

A much better trade would have been to close half my position when I was 80 points up, then let the rest ride...as I said I was going to do, but didn't.

discipline.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
I have found that TS do this with almost every trade. Unless you hit a news story that makes the TS follow a quick move, price seems to always move back and hit the TS so I just take the profit 90% of the time. The idea of taking half and letting it run is a much better idea than a TS. Anyways that has been my personal experience. The good news though is you still made a profit, much better than hit a SL.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
TAKE PROFITS
eur/usd +38 closed half of this trade, set my SL at +10 and will let the rest ride.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

TOTALS

total for day +211
+211 for the week
+211 for the month

Carry over 0

primary trades
BUYS
(eur/aud in the middle of the screen do not take it.)
SELLS aud/cad chf/jpy

(also aud/chf, aud/jpy but I am not taking them staying with my list with the lower leverage) (gbp/jpy in the middle of the screen do not take it.Same with the other jpy crosses) Of the jpy crosses I think the eur/jpy looks the best but I am going to hold on it and see if it goes higher first.
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS aud/nzd 3rd time I am taking this trade from this point. Triple top

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
I just opened a SELL on the aud/nzd on the 3x3 crossover, with the triple top formation at resistance, and the white and blue lines above 85.

I know that you don't include other indicators with this system, but I also noted that the RSI on the aud/nzd is in a downtrend while the price keeps topping out at this level, and also the red MACD line lower than it was previously at this price.

To me, this adds weight to the secondary trade sell signal in this case.

--- 帖子 #722 ---
You probably have heard me say this before but all indicators are based on MA with different kinds of Math formulas. Then they use different types ways to picture the results, lines, bars, etc. So when one shows a signal almost all will show the same signal. For example when the RSI crosses the 70 or 30 line that is about the same time it hits the top or bottom of a BB band. They just used different formulas and MA numbers to show their results or how they picture the information. So that is a very good observation. The R,W,B lines of my system use MACD and 2 STO lines. MACD is a slow indicator and is late in its signals. Stochastics are too fast and get you in too early, I have found when you combine the two, when the ones indicating too quickly (the two sto) cross the one going too slow (MACD) you have a fairly good indicator. Not perfect but close enough to signal an EA with a MA cross to get you in the trade in good shape the majority of the time. After that we cover our butts by multi level trading and if price defeats that we go to the 2.4.2 recovery system and try to 0 out the trade. Combined together, you have a system that rarely takes a big loss but wins enough, often enough that if you are ever hit with a big loss, (like I did last week with the gbp/nzd) or you needed to get out of a difficult trade (eur/nzd last week), there were more than enough winners to cover the loss. That is the philosophy of this trading system in a nutshell.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Bob, Can you tell me what might have not let this trade trigger? 3x3 has crossed and price is below cross.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
It is hard to see but price does not enter until the average of the last 3 bars is below the MA line. In other words price has to be below the MA line before the average crosses it. So if the last line is 6 the average must be below that, so if your last 3 lines are 7,8 the third number must be a 2 to get the average below 6. 17 divided by 3 is less than 6. The bigger the MA numbers are the lower price must be below the line before the average crosses it. I hope this makes sense. Its a math computation. However, by what I see from the pic price should have entered. Dont know at this point.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
For some reason EA stopped trading on my FXSolutions Aus. demo. I opened a new account and trades are happening again. Haven't had any problems in the prior two months with them. They couldn't explain what was keeping EA from working.  Will keep a closer eye on this when the real money is on the table.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Current positions:

aud/nzd: -12

I think i missed a cpl trades last night, but too late to enter now. Will sit and wait.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
OK looks like an aud and jpy crossing pairs day so let it fly. If price moves to overbought and over sold positions before tonight's announcement on  many pairs, that is a predictor of where traders think the news is going. If price moves to the center, that is kind of a predictor that they dont know. If you are into the aud and jpy like I am and price moves to the center during the day take your profits before the USA morning news stories or take half and set up a profitable SL. If price stays all day in overbought and oversold territory, you are sitting in good shape and hopefully there will be no surprises.  This observation of mine over the years has been a pretty good indicator of news price movement but it doesnt always hold true. News stories will surprise you. Like last week I was playing too many currencies because it was a major holiday week. I was not expecting price to do any major moves. Dubai news hit and bang we are deep in the hole. Anyway happy trading.

TAKE PROFITS
eur/usd  +10 Price retraced on 2nd half of trade. Will not count this in the total since I already took the +38
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/cad   EA did not enter, this trade is beginning to look real nice.
aud/nzd     0  this one just entered
chf/jpy     EA did not enter, this trade is beginning to look real nice.

eur/usd  +12 retraced to 2nd trade position from the day before so I took it.

TOTALS

total for day +211
+211 for the week
+211for the month

Carry over 0

primary trades
BUYS

SELLS aud/jpy, eur/jpy

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS eur/usd

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.
[/quote]

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Here are some classic  primary trades. They dont look any better than this. Price has stalled and candle patterns are predicting a turnaround in price. PERFECT.  aud/jpy and eur/jpy

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Here is a eur/usd secondary trade. I got +38 the last time. It retraced slightly higher and entered again. When price gets close to that support line I will take half profit and let the other half ride with a tight profitable SL of +10. I am looking for a break downward but fundamental traders are crying for dollar weakness so they will reenter at some point to move price back up again. However, just in case they are wrong I want the other half to take a shot at a nice drop just in case they give up in pushing price upwards. Just a reminder, a secondary trade is when we play close to a previous primary  position. For the AUD/NZD and the EUR/USD we are playing off of last weeks primary trade high.

AUD/NZD showing a quad (4) top, kind of rare. Aud is showing weakness and NZD is showing weakness so we dont have to worry about price running anywhere. If both of these currencies go weak it will be interesting to see which one loses more.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
thanks again for the updates on signals with the system.

I just took both the eur/jpy and the aud/jpy shorts. My initial thought was that entering now would be a little late because the white line has moved below the 85 level, but you mentioned yesterday how stoc lines do move to fast...thus the opportunity to trade is still there.

Actually...my chart doesn't look as nice as yours at all...the brokers price action is a lot choppier than yours. My signals definitely are not as clear in this case.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
You can also play off the S/R lines in such a case. I want to write more about that later. I took a trade by placing a pending order off of an R line. Price is so high on the chart I just feel that is a real good trade.

--- 帖子 #732 ---
just went short on the chf/jpy then - thats 3 yen pairs that I'm short on.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
LOL just when you see the perfect setup price goes up a little higher. Typical FOREX. Still like those jpy trades though. Be careful you dont get too loaded in JPY pairs. They all look too good to be true. Even though there will be profit taking Monday, JPY could go on a run and you dont want to get buried. So choose the best 2 or 3 and ride the wave. Me I am stupid and will play them all but at a smaller lot size.  Beautiful sunny day today going out and relax, maybe do some Christmas shopping.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/cad +111
eur/usd   +5 this sucked. I set a SL at +5 because I had to go out for day and it hit the TP and went 200+ pips down.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/nzd     +9 this one went nowhere
chf/jpy  -58 this trade still looks real nice.
aud/jpy, -122  will add 2nd levels monday after the gaps if needed

eur/jpy  -146 will add 2nd levels monday after the gaps if needed

TOTALS

total for day +116
+327 for the week
+327 for the month

Carry over -317

primary trades
BUYS eur/usd look for a rebound from the dollar bears monday. They have been preaching dollar weakness for a long time. To me it is just going to bounce around until the economies get going.

SELLS gbp/jpy, usd/jpy, usd/chf
usd/chf, eur/usd note: enter as soon as the market opens off of the present price, if you can get it. I am thinking traders taking quick profits on this one and then close quickly afterwards. You shouldnt be in this trade very long, couple hours at most. I dont think the USD will go into a long trend but it could, I think there are just too many dollar bears out there to worry about it going strong right now. But if price does go weak again for the dollar you may want to ride it for a while. So look for a quick profit Monday and then see if the Dollar goes weak again. If it does take the ride above 150

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Hi Bob,

Merry Christmas, Bob. Thanks a lot for your patience to teach us. May I propose a small suggestion on your journal format?

Below part should be the past trade,  would you please mark the entry day?

TAKE PROFITS
aud/cad +111
eur/usd   +5 this sucked. I set a SL at +5 because I had to go out for day and it hit the TP and went 200+ pips down.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

something like this:   It would be much appreciated if you could add bold part.

12/4 trade
TAKE PROFITS
aud/cad +111,  [secondary trade, entry price: ]
eur/usd   +5 this sucked. I set a SL at +5 because I had to go out for day and it hit the TP and went 200+ pips down.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

below part is your outlook for future trade? in this case, next week trade? If so, can you please add a [Outlook for xxx date] mark?  It could make us easily to follow

[Outlook for xxx date]
primary trades
BUYS eur/usd look for a rebound from the dollar bears monday. They have been preaching dollar weakness for a long time. To me it is just going to bounce around until the economies get going.

SELLS gbp/jpy, usd/jpy, usd/chf
usd/chf, eur/usd note: enter as soon as the market opens off of the present price, if you can get it. I am thinking traders taking quick profits on this one and then close quickly afterwards. You shouldnt be in this trade very long, couple hours at most. I dont think the USD will go into a long trend but it could, I think there are just too many dollar bears out there to worry about it going strong right now. But if price does go weak again for the dollar you may want to ride it for a while. So look for a quick profit Monday and then see if the Dollar goes weak again. If it does take the ride above 150

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

--- 帖子 #735 ---
lots of setups going today - I've loade dup to the JPY pairs also, lol...can't help myself.

aud/jpy: -137 +1

aud/nzd: +8

chf/jpy: -76 -13

eur/jpy: -159 -12

eur/usd:-2

gpb/jpy: -22

nzd/jpy: -10

usd/chf: - 8

so, there you have it...a short lesson on how to totally overload yourself on the Japanese Yen. Could see the demo go bust if things don't move my direction

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Appreciate your suggestions. The matter maybe more of time than ability. I get up here in China in the morning just for the JPY session and I make my calls then go to work. I check again at lunch and also when I get home. If I have time the first suggestion maybe be able towork out but the second one will be more difficult to do. You are asking me to predict the future more than one day in advance and that is not something I do. I see the setups and let the EA do its thing. Secondary trades are entered by the EA or if I happent to be at the screen at the time they are there. Most of my manually entered trades are done in the morning just before the JPY session. I seldom do them during the day but I have. So I will see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
The whole key to trading my system is to trade small enough lots so you can use the 2.4.2 recovery system if things go against you. Since I have changed my strategy to only trade high or low on the screen I have not needed to use it. My AUD trades from Sept. and the GBP trades of Oct. were all trades taken in the middle of the screen though the R,W,B  signals were there. As you have noticed I have mentioned trades that qualify as R,W,B trades but I no longer take middle of the screen trades. So at this time, under my new theory, we may not need the 2.4.2 recovery. Either way we should stay within the boundaries of sound financial trading and not overextend ourselves. I entered all the JPY pairs also but reduced my lot sizes so if I do need to go to multiple 2.4.2 recovery trades I am able to do it.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
yep, gottcha.

My lot sizing was definitely to big for my balance here.

Will be moving to real money this week, or next...and then look forward to many pips in the new year.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
closed my nzd/jpy position for +2, my exposure to the Yen was to large.

Happy that I got away with that.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Hi Nanningbob,

Am a newbie, have been on demo for more than a year.  Presently, brushing up on PA.  Came across your thread.  Thot it would be nice if I can master it.  However, not  computer savy.

Have not tried any EA.

Does applying the EA means I've to on the computer 24hrs?

I've downloaded templates and indicators before.

By the names, I believe only one of them is a template.  Not sure about the others.  I downloaded the first one onto desktop. When attempting to open am prompted to fill in the Winrar (that I am expected to purchase the licence after free trial).  On checking my files, I found that I already have a Winrar, believe it came with the OS when I bought my laptop.

Is this just some sort of manual and not an indicator or template.  Is it OK to save this onto the desktop to be open for reading only. While I am at it, what is the number of your first thread, maybe I can visit to have better understanding.

So, it would be great if you could instruct me on how to download the rest.

Thanks for the dedication.

Wish all on this thread Blessed Pips!

--- 帖子 #741 ---
You only need it on if you want to trade with it, its not a fully automated EA. It helps you to see when to place and exit trades.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
blessed pips -

start by reading the word file, its got all the information on the system and indicators. Once you have your head around the methodology of the system, then start getting into the EA and traing aspects of it.

The EA is only used on this system once an entry has been spotted manually. You dont need the EA to trade the system. The EA is actually used so thast you DONT have to be at the computer all the time...plus, due to the 4hr time frame used on the system, setups occur a couple of times a day rather than every 15mins or something.

Read the word file a couple of times, and things will start to make more sense.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Thanks Bob for taking care of my suggestion

Maybe I do not make me clear, acutally I do not want you to predict the price action further than next session.  I guess your primary/secondary trade part is the possible setups for coming sessions in your view. I just want to confirm that with you. It would be great if you can state it clearly in your jounal format so that other new comers would not be confused like me

And I share your pain, I live in Shanghai China, maybe I can visit you next year if you do not mind. .  I get up at 8:00 to check possible setups and place orders.  I just setup a remote control tool in my office PC so that I can logon to my Home PC to do trade at 12:00 and 17:00.  I can share the tool with you if you need.

Best wishes.  Thanks, Henry

--- 帖子 #744 ---
I'm really liking the idea of waiting for price to be in top or bottom 1/3 of the chart before turning EA on. Still going with a L1 TP setting of 50.   L2 and L3 are then set at 120 and 165. Automatic re-entry after TP is shut off. Have grown a $50,000 demo to $52,424 in a little more than three weeks trading a dollar a pip. Worst DD I've seen was about 10% and lowest margin level was about 7000% (400:1 leverage). Figured out what was going on with Fx Sol.Aus.'s platform last week. I had EA up on my screen before market opened but it didn't kick in when the charts began to move. I had to shut down the platform and bring it up again after market open for it to begin trading for the week. Don't know why this is so but looks like I'll have to be here every sunday night to turn it on. No big deal but I'm wondering why this is happening.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
the yen moved in my direction - here are my positions

aud/jpy: -46 +92

chf/jpy: +48

eur/jpy: +12 +164

gbp/jpy: +107

Closed AUd/nzd +6 (not moving)

eur/usd: -37

usd/chf - 36 (could have held both of these but dont like it right now)

will look to take some profit on the jpy trades today, and then let some ride.

edit: closed the second eur/jpy trade for +28

--- 帖子 #746 ---
buy set ups on the eur/cad, sell on the eur/chf.

there are also a couple of set ups on the aud, but I dont really like the look of those ones just yet. Keen to see what you say bob

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Take your profits, let your profits run, take your profits, let your profits run AAHHHGGGG. Me, I take my profits and look to see if you get secondary trades.  Cant complain about yesterday +380. I also did the gbp/usd but I didnt call it, so not counting it now. I will be looking for price to move back up to secondary trades on all these pairs. You can also put pending orders underneath S/R to see if they will continue to run. See usd/chf post below. Sorry have to run, thanks for answering some of the questions of the new traders. I will try to answer some of them during my breaks. Looks like an aud, cad, chf day.

TAKE PROFITS
chf/jpy +54

eur/jpy +104  +37
eur/usd  +50  -43

gbp/jpy  +126

usd/jpy, +67
CLOSED FOR LOSS
usd/chf +25 -40

OPEN TRADES
aud/nzd -3 zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
aud/jpy, -17

BUYS

TOTALS

total for day +380
+707 for the week
+707 for the month

Carry over -20

primary trades
BUYS  aud/cad, eur/cad

SELLS aud/chf, eur/chf

watch the USD pairs to see if they give you secondary trades today!
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.
[/quote]

--- 帖子 #748 ---
quick note on the usd/chf. Like I said yesterday I would put a second trade looking for a retrace after a major run. ended up 0 out the trade well -15 loss, that is a good result. What I am looking for is for price to move back up above the 3 MA line so I can turn my EA back on and try again. This way if price continues to move up I wont be in the trade and if it continues to retrace I will get in.

The second thing I will look for is the support line at the 1.0130 mark (blue dotted line 2nd pic) I can place a pending order under it in case price decides to make a nice run south. This way I have a straddle plan for the USD/CHF. However, both of my trades will be sells. I do not do buys this high on the screen. The same story for the eur/usd and usd/jpy.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Here is my pending order for the usd/jpy. I set it just below the S line, see how it goes. You can see how in the past it was a very strong resistance line so there is a chance it wont break it now. It is one of the reasons I took my profit now on that pair rather than seeing if it would run. Take my TP now and set a pending order. This way I win both ways. If it retraces I dont lose my profit and then look for a secondary trade reenter. If it continues, I stay in the trade with a pening order.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Henry, my understanding of the system is that there is little to no mechanism for the prediction of a take/profit zone...mechanically speaking.

If you read the word file, you will see a section on when to take profits, and what bob thinks about certain situations.

Because each trade and pair are so vastly different in terms of volatility and movement, you have to use your brain and experience on when to TP (or just do that same and bob does!).

My strategy of late has been to take 50% profit once the price hits the 40MA line, and then let the rest run from there. This strategy, however, depends on how far the price has moved and if I'm happy with the pips that have been taken, and how the indicator lines are going.

As I said, this is dealt with in depth in the word file, to take a read again and it should help clear things up

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Man I am late for work but this is just a great lesson here. I put a trend line on the screen. Another reason I took profit now and use a pending order. A fundamental or trend line trade might take a buy here but not me. Too high on the screen. This will help you understand different trading styles. They probably would laugh at an analysis like this.  My analysis or prediction is price will bounce back up and continue the trend or go to a double top. Then I turn my EA on and take the retrace again.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Good explanation. I think I mentioned in my book several TP places.

1. S/R lines

2. Middle or opposite BB band line.

3. White line on Sto is on the opposite side of when the trade happened

4. Blue line on Sto is on the opposite side or when the white recrosses the blue line.

The most common one I use is when the white Sto Line has reached the opposite side or the next morning just before the start of the JPY session. By the end of the USA session currencies have made their run for the day and you can close or take 1/2 depending on what your info is on that pair. An exception to that rule are all AUD and NZD pairs since their markets open up near the end of the USA session. They will have a strong run there sometimes. So this comes with experience. AUD NZD pairs you will get around 50 pips, except for the gbp/nzd and eur/nzd they can run 100-300 in a day. Most other currencies you will get 50-150 in a day. As you can see I usually take my profit every day, I rarely hang on for more. That is because there are usually new pairs to trade and since we deal with retracements and price turnaround you can easily lose your profit the next day. When we trade we are getting the reversal of price exhaustion. Many times your profit will go away the next day because it will double, triple top, 1-2-3 swing trade or continue its trend. So price may reverse and take away your profit. My rule of thumb in trading is to never let a winning trade turn into a loser. I do not set my SL at 0 but put them at +10 when I move my SL up. I always want something for my effort. I cant comment on every trade but like Monday I will give you some tips once in a while. So time to learn.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Just some advice for trading live. Wait until the New Year. Price does some really funny stuff around the holidays and can get very unpredictable. That is because by the end of the month companies are doing their books, traders are taking time off, etc. I may not even trade the last two weeks, may take a vacation and sit on the sidelines. Havent decided yet.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Yeh i was actually thinking of doing that anyways...I was trading the SPI here in Australia last year around this time and had some difficulties...by "difficulties" I mean "losing my money"

No rush anyways...

--- 帖子 #755 ---
The EA will do the work of entering trades for you and you need your computer on to do that. I run mine 24 hours a day but once the EA enters the trade I put the blank template back on manually do the trade after that. So my day is like this. I set my ea's to on before the jpy session. I check at lunch time and put the blank EA for the trades that have entered. I come home from  work and check just before the USA open 6-8 pm China time and again just before bed 10-12 pm China time. By then I know whether a trade is good or in trouble. In the morning when I get up before the JPY session I set my 2nd levels (some of these will be pending orders set at S/R levels) and close my profits. This way I dont over trade or let price craziness get me to enter too many trades. As I get better at my own system I try to pass on the things I learned, like the USD/CHF post earlier. Why I took my profit instead of letting it run. Why I used a pending order instead to stay in the trade if it kept going south. So that is my trading day. My actual trading time is very short, 5-10 minutes. Explaining my logic to you guys is an hour or two every day. LOL. You may ask why I do this at FF. Well, this is my real reason. SO I STAY DISCIPLINED. I will take trades I shouldnt unless I make them public. Then I will pass on some of my bad trading habits. So you guys help me stay profitable.  thanks guys. Well, lunch is over, sorry I couldnt answer all your questions. I really appreciate some of you guys answering questions for me, this saves me a lot of time and also shows that you understand the system.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
I'm more than happy to answer the questions bob...it actually helps me understand the system and learn it further.

As I've said before, this system really appeals to my own personal trading style and my 'view' on the markets. I've only been studying it for a month or so but I've made probably 500 pips in the meantime (inc yesterday excellent result).

It makes sense, and you definitely know your way around the markets.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Thanks Scott for your reply.  I understand there are many ways to take profits.  By reading Bob's recents trades, I almost understand his jounal format.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Thanks Bob, I understand more about your trading style. It clear a lot of things up  will follow you along

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Not a particularly exciting day. Closed some trades because I felt the signal was lost. Mostly wanted a fresh start. Love the DD +-0  12-9 and already have 777 pips for the month. Good setups today for the USD keep an eye on some of the jpy pairs they may set up today but probably be ready tomorrow or Friday. I wont be taking the aud/usd but I put it there for some who like that pair.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/nzd +9
aud/jpy, +51

aud/chf  +8
aud/cad  +1

eur/cad    +7

CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/chf   -6

OPEN TRADES

BUYS

TOTALS

total for day +70
+777 for the week
+777 for the month

Carry over -0

primary trades
BUYS eur/usd, gbp/usd, aud/usd

SELLS usd/chf

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Quote:

Originally Posted by Toothman http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Abby,

Are you able to answer this for me? Thanks.

Hi Toothman,

Until our application in the UK is approved by the regulators, we won't have specific details on our offering but we expect U.K. accounts will be available to all interested customers and will include nano, micro, mini and standard lots as well as margin deposits being placed in segregated funds. 200:1 leverage seems to be common in the U.K. and we would expect to be able to offer something in that range.

Hope that helps! http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/s.../yim/happy.gif

--- 帖子 #761 ---
I hope they have hedging again. I will be able to use my very profitable aud/nzd ea again. Looking forward to that. I would probably go with one account in UK and keep two of my USA accounts. See how it goes.

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Way to go aud/nzd what a great drop. ooooooooops closed out yesterday. DANG. Lets all sit at the computer and watch paint dry.

TAKE PROFITS

aud/usd   didnt take this trade but would have been a nice trade of 50-60 pips
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
eur/usd, +2

gbp/usd, +24
usd/chf  -35

TOTALS

total for day 0
+777 for the week
+777 for the month

Carry over -9

primary trades
BUYS  chf/jpy, eur/cad
aud/cad was a good buy if you caught it already.
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS eur/chf ??? maybe

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.
[/quote]

--- 帖子 #763 ---
missed yesterday, took the day off work and didnt close out positions...

currently sitting on a few minus trades from 2 days ago, but no major losses. Will consider closing them out after i check the action this morning.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
hi all...just stumbled across this thread last week, I printed the doc and on my 3rd read, making notes on rules and warnings. best system I have seen yet..I have been attempting to become a forex trader for about 3 years now,wasted a lot of money on robots that don't work, lost a lot of money attempting to follow a lot of different systems, was ready to throw in the towel till I found Bob's system which seems like a winner, and he has the intestinal fortitude to publish his trades as proof. THANKS FOR A GREAT THREAD AND ALL THE HARD WORK TO KEEP IT CURRENT..
FXCM has a UK office that is reliable and bypasses the hedging problem of FIFO

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Thank you for the compliment. I have had some real ups and downs in this business also. But this system has been years in the making and now it is gettting pretty solid. It has only been the last couple of weeks that this thread has received more aye votes than nay votes. Interesting I thought. Does FXCM use MT4 and do they take USA traders?

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Does FXCM use MT4 and do they take USA traders? Yes and yes.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
FXCM UK didn't have MT4, does have mini accounts, low min opening $500, I used deom MT4 for charting then traded their platform..

--- 帖子 #768 ---
I was using MT4 on FXCM UK mini accounts about 3 month ago.

They do have MT4.

Type in Google: fxcm uk mt4 download

and click on first top link.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Open positions:

AUD/CHF: - 101, -10  (re-entered on a great set up today)

Set-ups (buy/sell on 3ma cross):

Buy: gpb/aud, aud/nzd, eur/aud, eur/nzd.

Sell: nzd/usd

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Lots of signals and lots of opportunity out there today. Pick and choose your best apples. Practically every currency is offering something somewhere. Be careful with the NZD that you dont get tied up in too  many trades. It will trend like crazy at times but still working on the top/bottom of screen type trading. Maybe end a good week with a big bang.   Still kicking  my self over that aud/nzd trade. Maybe a couple of times a year it will make a big move like that and I missed it.

TAKE PROFITS
chf/jpy, +5 is too close to the  middle of the screen and lost its signal. White sto line is above 85
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
eur/cad     -32
eur/chf      +2
eur/usd,     -3

gbp/usd,    +9
usd/chf      -32

TOTALS

total for day +5
+782 for the week
+782 for the month

Carry over -56

primary trades
BUYS  aud/nzd, eur/aud, eur/nzd, gbp/nzd

SELLS aud/chf, nzd/chf, nzd/jpy

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Hi,

I am new to this thread. I posted a few days back and someone did reply that I ought to read the manual first. I went the the 150293 - Nanningbob 60/90 EA hoping to get a clue to where to locate this manual.

Actually, did attempt to download from the first page of this thread but found that:

Upon I clicking on each doc to download, the name changed from the originals to "attachment.php".  Before I realised this I did download as "attachment.php" However, on attempting to read, was asked if I want to be connected to where I can open the files to be read.  Fearing menace of Virus I abandoned. It happened when I first attempted a few days ago.  When I tried again 10 mins ago it still is the same.

Am confused as to which of the who thread's download is up-to-date.

Thank u Naninngbob for the great thread.

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Blessed -

Download the file called "2ND ED. NB 4H TRADING SYSTEM.zip" from the first page of this thread. The manual is in there.

If you still have the "attachment" problem (for some reason it happens sometimes), click on the paper clip icon next to the page numbers at the top of the thread, and download the file from the list there.

Once you download it, unzip the file (there is a link there to do it) and the manual is there.

hope that helps.

Scott

--- 帖子 #773 ---
of course Im not new to this thread, actually making good money with this method but I have been having this same problem lately. Every time I click on ea or indi it tries to save it as attachment.php. Then I ha e to save it in notebook then compile it in editor. Anyone know why it is saving as .php instead of .exe. Even though it IS a .exe file

for the newcomers to this thread. Keep it up. It's the only method u will need!! Best system on here -at least for me. It fits me perfectly.  So if u r just starting this, do yourself a favor - take a month and really I mean REALLY study and practice this. U will love it.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Send me an email if you cant load it. nanningbob@msn.com

--- 帖子 #775 ---
For some reason this problem pops up from time to time with internet explorer. There are two ways to go round it.

1. use different browser such as firefox or google chrome.

2. at the top of each page next to page numbers you see the paperclip icon Page 47 of 47 « First < 4344454647
138 http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/misc/paperclip.gif

click on the paperclip and list of all attachments pop up in a new window. Download from there without any problems.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Hi to all and a Big THANK YOU!

Most appreciate your response to my SOS call to Nanningbob, Astral 77, jtMoore 007 and scottik 187.

Actually, after my first posting I found the 2 ED..... and the other two indicators which I had successfully downloaded.  However, maybe I downloaded the MACD true.....zip..wrongly as template where I can't locate it at the MT4 template.  After figuring out, I think, I'll download it to desktop first from page 47, then I'll download it onto the MT4 seperately as template and indicator. Yeah, by the way I manage to download from page 47. Does mean that only certain files can be  downloaded at certain page as I could not locate it on the first page?

Have been reading thru the manual and so far can make out what Nanningbob is trying to convey. Very good and clear presentation. Have to continue tomorrow.  It is 2:40 am here (I am at GMT+8).

Thanks Nanningbob for the email address, will only trouble you if I am still stuck.

HAVE A BLESSED CHRISTMAS AND HAPPY NEW YEAR & HAPPY PIPPING TO ALL!

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Hi everyone...I have  FXDD demo loaded and MBtrading live platforms loaded and I noticed yesterday that the price bars are different. FXDD has a short bull candle with a long wick on bottom with 1.4628H and 1.4608L, and a time of 20:00,but MB has two candles one is a small bull candle 1.46280H /1.45993L,@1200, then a small bear candle beside it with 1.46291H/1.46202L,time1600..(the demo I had used your trade methods and the EA put in a buy @1.4764, waiting for the 2nd buy to initate if drop more)..can anyone explain the diff in the two systems and which would be the better to trade with live??

WISHING EVERYONE A VERY MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A PROFITABLE NEW YEAR...

--- 帖子 #778 ---
I expected some end of week profit taking but will have to wait for Monday. I like my position on every single trade. When price breaks it should be a good run. Though some news stories ran prices up or down a bit, more people are reluctant to take trades when price is at the top of the screen or bottom like they are now. There just isn't that much room even though in reality it shouldn't make any difference. I just think its human psychology at work. So I like my position on all of these trades. If a news story is positive price may move up/dosn some more but probably not that much.

My theory is: if those same news stories that moved price up/down Friday on the USD/CHF, EUR/USD and other pairs would have moved them more if price had been in the middle of the page. I think that is human psychology at work. Only the very ardent news fan will take trades near the top of a chart other people will see price to high and be reluctant to do so.

My thoughts for the beginning of next week are:

Price will retrace here at the S/R of the 1D chart. We can then take our profit and if the fundamentals stay strong, price will break higher or lower but we will get our retrace here first. Often or almost every time, price tests a barrier before breaking through so we take our profit off of these bounces. If there is bad news then price will break hard in our direction and we will make a truck load. Either way I think we are in a very good win win situation.

Right now I see divergance with the MACD line usd/chf, gbp/usd, eur/usd, eur/chf and the eur/cad. Those are very powerful trades on a 4H chart, SO we are in good shape.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/nzd, I ended up not taking this trade but it was good for 20-30 pips.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/chf   -45eur/aud   -52
eur/cad       -45
eur/chf    -10
eur/nzd   -79
eur/usd,  -105  +15 little early on the 2nd level but what the heck It is a strong D1 Support level.
gbp/nzd   -62

gbp/usd,  -76
nzd/chf  -25

nzd/jpy  -37
usd/chf     -114  +2 same reason as EUR D1 resistance line looks strong.
BUYS,
SELLS
TOTALS

total for day +0
+782 for the week
+782 for the month

Carry over -633

primary trades
BUYS

SELLS gbp/chf

Secondary trades
BUYS  aud/nzd SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
What is divergence with MACD?? Some traders will only trade divergence, very patient trading method but when I see one I like to load up. Here are two examples of divergence with the Eur/USD over the last 3 weeks and eur/chf present divergence. The first pic (eur/usd) price double tops (yellow A1-A2) but the MACD red line goes lower, its peak point is lower than the previous peak point (yellow A1-A2) notice the resulting price drop afterwards. Nice 470+ drop. We now have the same thing (Pink B2 to B1) price goes lower but MACD red line is going higher. This is called divergence and is a good indicator that price will change directions. Good time to take the ride and look for the head and shoulder completion. Hope this is clear as mud.  The first pic is eur/usd divergence and the second is eur/chf divergence. If you have always wanted to take a trade and hold it in profit for a couple of days this is a great time to try. I love guys who post after an event has happened this is what you should have done but I try to teach what you can do before it happens. Doesn't mean I am always right but this is a good time for a hold em strategy try. I think the dollar bears are going to buy again.

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Different brokers come from different time zones in the world. For example you can start trading earlier with a AUD or NZD broker who will open up earlier than a USA or EUROPEAN broker at the beginning of a week. Different brokers will use different start times with their MT4 so some maybe +2 GMT +1 GMT 0 GMT etc. So the only way I can answer that question is to demo the different platforms and decide which one you like best. Also different brokers use different banks for their quotes so those can be different also. I use IBFX if you want to use that for a reference to compare with what you are getting.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Goog Job Nanningbob

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Hi to all again.

Managed to load the 2nd Edition which I even viewed yesterday.  I close file but today when I try to open for viewing,  I can only see all other files containing templates, indicators, etc but the actual manual seem to be missing. What happened?

Another question, the Winrar program indicates that its an evaluation copy. Does it mean it will expire in 40 days.  I did not download it but it must have been included when I downloaded other programs earlier.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Oops! Hi to all,

Downloaded Macd True and Template.zip as appeared on first page of this thread.  However, cant fine the template listed at the Templates nor the Macd True at the Indicators of the MT4.

Instead found listed as "MACD sample" and "Moving Average" in Expert Advisors column ( do not know if they are supposed to be Indicators I downloaded from page 1).

--- 帖子 #784 ---
You did not put the various templates, indicators etc. in their right folders, MACD sample etc. are EAs provided in MT4. You should have MACD true in the indicators folder and Templates in the templates folder. You wont find either in the EA section.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Bob, i am in a couple of those trades and feel the same way...the are still good set ups, but just havn't materialised yet.

As you said, we also need to consider that at this time of the year volume is starting to come off a little and price action gets "weird".

--- 帖子 #786 ---
I am seriously thinking of shutting down after this week. Take a break from trading and prepare myself for next year. Been a good year not so much that I made a ton of money but that I am pretty set on my trading strategy. I dont think I can improve that much on this system. I may take a look at my entrances but other than that I am very pleased with it.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
I'll definitely be shutting down. Until either the first or second week of Jan.

I can't really see any more ways to tweak the system. It's a money maker, that is for sure.

I'll begin trading it live early next year.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Hiya Nanningbob

Rookie here so please excuse any obvious errors. Looking @ your older COG system, which whilst I have succesfully lloaded up doesnt quite seem to work as I think you planned it. No arrows & cog is similiar to the moving average in green and white, any chance of some hints and tips as I have to say it does work very well ona 5 min chart.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #789 ---
I think I'm going to spend the next couple of months demo trading and re-reading the instructions and thread to get a good understanding of the system before I lose my live fund, which currently could stand a beefing up. I'm confused at the moment about the MADC Sample and True and the need for them, the stoch/macd I get quite well..if someone could point me to the pertinent post/page it would be appreciated. I agree with the current trades projected even if my two are in the hole, it looks quite promising..

HAPPY HOLIDAYS from Tennessee..

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Oh I quit trading the 5M chart a long time ago. I simply dont have time to scalp. I am a position trader now and take my position off of reads on the 4H chart. Only need to check the charts two or three times a day and I make my trading decisions before the JPY session.

The only thing is to make sure the 1H and 4H agree on direction and then trade the 5M chart in the same direction. I wasnt using the S/R indicator back then but I wouldnt trade without it now. So trade towards the S/R line on the 4H chart to make sure you are entering correctly off of them. That would be the improvement I would make with that system. I believe there is a 4H 1D S/R indicator on page 1 post 1 and that would draw the lines on a 5M chart. I think that would probably improve greatly that system. Good luck, I havent fielded a question on that one in over a year.

For example I would be trading only buys off of the Eur/usd playing the bounce off of the 1D support line. When price got to the 4H resistance I would then stop. That would probably work very well trading like that.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
HI BOB

If you have to choose between the 4H and 60x90 systems hich one you would use and please give us the reasons. Also is it possible for you to post your selection of trades before or just after the Tokyo open.

As always most grateful for sharing your wealth of knowledge with us you are most kind and generous.

All the best

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Other than making a bad decision on the gbp/chf and not taking my profit, greed killer thing again, it was a sit and watch paint dry day. So we wait patiently for price to do its thing. I posted two more trades as new trades but I wont be taking them, I am already committed to probably too  many trades but I like my positions all across the board. Maybe todays the day for some movement.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/nzd +15-30 pips once again I didnot enter this pair but it profited again.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/chf   -60
eur/aud   -82
eur/cad       -54
eur/chf     -  2
eur/nzd   -143  2L 0
eur/usd,  -79  +41
gbp/chf  -20 (why I didnt take the 80+ pips when they were on the table I dont know, I could have reentered today and done it again. Dumb bob Dumb bob)
gbp/nzd   -62

gbp/usd,  -7
nzd/chf  -31

nzd/jpy  -29
usd/chf      -39   +28
BUYS,
SELLS
TOTALS

total for day +0
+782 for the week
+782 for the month

Carry over -539

primary trades
BUYS    eur/gbp

SELLS aud/cad

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
????? I use more than one live account so I trade both. In the other thread I explain my reasons but I use the 180x100 and have explained that several times. For this month I decided to use a 60x60 but I got into trouble on the eur/usd trade and should have stayed with the 180x100.

Your second question baffles me because I have been posting my trades every day before the jpy session on this thread for 3 months now.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
I see another person has voted against the system. Strange after winning over 6000 pips in 3 months. 49-45 is the score. Amazing when there are only a couple of guys with the guts to post their trades every day and I believe I am one of the few who has shown consistent success. OK.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
SORRY I got the times crossed I am GMT and forexfactory uses US time. Thanks for the reply.

As for the voting I would not be fussed about how some people vote. Your system is the only system in forexfactory which has a comprehensive money / risk management strategy. As you have been showing during the last few months your system consistantly produces good results and you have mentioned that it gives you a return of 15% to 20% percent per month. It seems to me that some people do not take the time to understand the system and as you know ignorance leads to dislike.

By the way I have come across a broker called FXOPEN according to babypips they have 200,000 clients and offer 500:1 leverage and hedging, I do not know i they are any good I wonder if anyone here has had any experince with them.

Thanks once again.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
I have been reluctant to move my money outside the USA but I have looked at other brokers. The one thing I dont like about foreign brokers is the expense of transferring my money from the USA to them and back again. If I find a broker that can bring those costs down, like issue a check, I would be more likely to move my money because with this system and the one I developed hedging the AUD/NZD strategy, I would have two very good money makers to play with.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Stevehopwood of scoobydoo trading system calls them CRIMINALS and I suppose he is correct. I have done extensive research and the best broker by far is DBFX but they do not have MT4 platform. One way of minimizing transaction charges are to use a broker who accepts credit cards and can credit your card as well.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #798 ---
I know of companies that will let you credit your card back the amount you put in but I dont know of one that will allow you to put more than you have put in into the account. If one does, I would be interested in knowing who they are. I have a credit card I need to pay off and that would be an easier way to do it.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Good morning nanningbob..I'm a bit confused, after the 3x3 warning you mention setting up the buy/sell EA for entry so as to not enter too early..which EA are you refering too for initial entry???

Great thread and system so far!!

--- 帖子 #800 ---
There is a 3x3 Sell and a 3x3 BUY EAs. You use them to enter the trades. Why would you be confused over using either a sell or buy EA? I dont think I understand your question?

--- 帖子 #801 ---
It is important to read this information. It will explain why certain pairs dont retrace this time of the year and you may just enter a trade and follow the trend.

If you look at previous years in most pairs there is some kind of a retracement in December.

Aha! I found it: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...stcount=163806

--- 帖子 #802 ---
HI again Bob...Hope I don't become a bother, if I do just tell me too cool it..here are the actions..

at 08:44 this AM got an alert MA cross buy..loaded buy 150 2L4,.01 loaded, @ 08:45 the ea opened a buy order @ 89.59 SL 79.59..

The price was between the mid BB and top BB, and was @ -1.34..I think I should have initialized the sell 150 template, or EA? any way I removed the order..any helpful comments from anyone??

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Not quite sure what you are referring to but in my system if price is in the upper third of the Chart, which usd/jpy is now entering you would only be looking to sell. I do not use the alert system anymore because I make almost all my decisions just before the jpy session. Make sure the alert was on the 4H chart but I dont know why you would get a buy alert then. However, my best guess is when you turn on MT4 or you change your TF it will give you the last alert but that wouldnt be the time to trade it. In other words, too late. So  probably what you got was a sound letting you know what the last alert was which would have been many hours earlier. According to my chart the real alert was actually given the day before almost 24 hours earlier. REMEMBER the alert system is not a a signal to trade but an alert that a trade is possible. That alert would not be a trade because price is in the middle of the screen and I try not to trade there anymore. I hope I understood your question.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
thanks for the reply Bob..I now understand what happened ..I had changed the chart from 1h to 4 hrs..I gave up on all the lower time frames below 4h/daily long time ago..

Happy Pipping

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Hey Nanningbob

Thank you for the info will have a good look and return shortly

Many thanks

Cloudbasher

--- 帖子 #806 ---
I once described this as someone twisting off your big toe by turning it 1mm at a time every 4 hours. Patience, patience. Wonder if this is one of these long drawn out trend thingys or quiet before the storm of tonight's USA interest rate statement. I took the aud/chf because it was high on the screen but not the aud/cad because it was lower. Well the aud/cad moved down but the aud/chf continues to float high in the air. hmmmmmmm. Right now currencies are showing what people are expecting at tonights new story, so they are almost all overbought or oversold. However, if they move back to the middle by the USA open, we will be in profit and we are out. If they dont move, that means the market it prepared for tonights move which we will be sitting very pretty. If the market has a big surprise tonight ...................... yuck. I have too many currencies I am in.
TAKE PROFITS
gbp/nzd +57 Yeah profit

aud/cad +90 I didnt take this trade but it made profit
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/chf   -42
eur/aud   -56
eur/cad       -131 2L 0 couldnt resist the double bottom 2L entrance.
eur/chf     - 10 for the last 2 weeks this pair has stayed in a range of 48 pips Sheesh
eur/nzd   -146  2L -14
eur/usd,  -193  -73 2nd time this week I didnt take a profit or set my +10
gbp/chf -119

gbp/usd,  -49
nzd/chf  -33

nzd/jpy  -42
usd/chf       -125  2l -58
BUYS,
SELLS
TOTALS

total for day +57
+57 for the week
+839 for the month

Carry over -1091

primary trades
BUYS    eur/gbp  (I didnt take this trade yesterday but will today)

SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS aud/nzd SELLS usd/jpy

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Me too. Occasionally visit the 1H chart for TP points and reentries.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Here is your future guys. Two words is all it takes for the market to move. Thrilling HUH??? Traders are going to move the market based on whether two words are in or out. Dont you just love trading the forex, study your charts, learn them fundamentals and it all comes down to two words. SHEEEEEEESH......... and we trade because ???????????

The main dish for today is the FOMC Statement: While Ben Bernanke and his colleagues aren't expected to raise the Federal Funds Rate, there are high expectations to change the wording of the FOMC Statement.

The focus will be on the specific words about the “extended period” of low rates. Following the excellent Non-Farm Payrolls and the good retail sales, he might omit these words – this will push the dollar higher. Copy-pasting the same statement will be dollar negative.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Hi again...I wasn't confused as whether to use a buy or sell order I was confused between the 60/90 or 180/90 ea's...I think I've got it figured out now..

--- 帖子 #810 ---
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz gonna start closing up my trades for the year. As they go to profit or get to break even I am going to start closing out. Been a good run the last three months so cant complain. Actually for a day when price basically drifted did pick up a couple of nice trades. Eur/nzd kind of made my day. I wonder if I should have closed both levels but we will see. gbp/chf still kicking myself for not putting my TP at +10 or +50. I could have had a great 2nd entrance plus pocketed some profit. Still make basic mistakes. Not worried though still in good shape on that one. I was expecting price to move around some but didnt happen. I want to try to close out all my trades by Friday win or lose. Looking for my best exits.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/chf  +39
eur/aud  +83
eur/chf   +25

eur/nzd +110
gbp/usd, +53
CLOSED FOR LOSS
nzd/chf  -7 even though high on the chart I felt it lost its signal so closed it.

OPEN TRADES
aud/cad -2
aud/nzd  -14
eur/cad       -133 2L -8
eur/nzd   -109
eur/usd,  -202  -60
gbp/chf -161 2L -2
nzd/jpy  -49
usd/chf       -118  2l -51
usd/jpy -32

TOTALS

total for day +310
+367 for the week
+1149 for the month

Carry over -941

primary trades
BUYS    eur/gbp  (did not enter, turned EA off not taking it.)
aud/usd (I am not taking this one either)
SELLS gbp/jpy ( Iwill take this one though)

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Hi Bob..can you explain the attached chart and order that was input while I was sleeping..the EA was turned on when the price was at top BB

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Hi Bob

Could I ask what your lowest margin level has been since going to 100:1 leverage and where does it stand now with your open trades? thanks

--- 帖子 #813 ---
I am committed at 20% of my account right now. 465% margin. Eur/usd, usd/chf are just not retracing, reminds of last year when the usd/chf went 9 days straight without a retrace. It is in its 9th day now. The difference is I am only 2 levels deep this year instead of getting killed like I did last year. With the 2.4.2 recovery system I am not too worried about it. The problem is the 100:1 leverage prevents me from doing multiple recoveries so I must be more careful in committing to too many trades. I have closed some trades early with profit to make room for recovery. I am glad the gbp/chf finally gave some relief. I have a third account I keep in reserve to transfer money to my two trading accounts if the leverage cause me some trouble. The bottom line is I have to double the amount of money I would normally trade. Class is resuming will write more later.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Last year's run is what lead me to find some way to recover from bad trades other than more levels and more funds. That run last year eventually got me to the 2.4.2 recovery system which finally put a cap of where I was going to take my loss. It gave me a rule other than making emotional judgement call and closing out the whole trade. Now I close out a losing trade one level at a time and that has greatly helped me keep losses under control. So this year I am ready but still feeling my way around the 100:1 issue. IBFX is opening an office in England so I will wait to see how that goes and then make a decision on a broker.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Do you mean the EA did not enter until the line you have on now?? If that was your entrance something is wrong. Check the last tab and see if it was trying to place orders or it just did one time. It should have been hours earlier that is for sure. You need to find out if it is a broker, EA, internet connection, etc. issue. I am assuming you used the 3x3 sell EA?? Dang that would have been a nice trade too.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
465% margin level would be pretty scary for me. IBFX margin calls at 100% I think. Anyway, hope you find some good exits on retraces before the holidays.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Day 11 for the eur/usd and usd/chf run. So far this is the longest run of a currency without a decent retrace I have seen. I thought the 9 day usd/chf run last year was bad. Dang thing, what is nice though is since I have switched to top of screen/bottom of screen, I am not in deep like I was last year. I think it is finally running out of steam. I would think some guys either today or Monday will say 'time to take our profit' and get a retrace out of this. If not I have built up over 500 pips this week to get out of the trade if I need to drop the first level an go to my 2.4.2 recovery. Hopefully the Euro Bulls will show up again and not have to worry about it. Other than that, looks like gbp/chf has broken its run but if it continues I have  pocketed some  profit on the thing. So hopefully will be able to clear out the rest of my trades and end the month in good shape today. I think I have my ratios right for trading at 100:1. I passed the -1700 barrier and still have room to manuever so that is good.
TAKE PROFITS
gbp/chf  2L + 42
gbp/jpy      +100

nzd/jpy      +  18

Eur/gbp been a quick 35-45 pips if you took it but I didnt take it. It is a secondary trade for today if you want it. I am not adding any more trades for the year.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/cad    -86
aud/nzd    -51
eur/cad          -195 2L -73
eur/nzd      - 67
eur/usd,    -398  -278  -90
gbp/chf   -102
usd/chf            -191  2l -130  3L  -34
usd/jpy    -15

TOTALS

total for day +160
+527 for the week
+1309 for the month

Carry over -1710

primary trades
BUYS    eur/gbp aud/usd
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
But i keep a third account with a large amount of cash to cover any moves if I need it. I like keeping small balances in case someone drops a bomb and my account gets hit hard. That is my ultimate stop loss. That is why I think people are idiots for arguing against 400:1 leverage. I keep my amount of money at a much lower risk. In my opinion, risk is the amount of money you have with the broker not how much you are putting into a trade versus the amount you have with the broker. If I have 500 bucks in an account and someone drops a bomb I may lose my 500 bucks but I am financially solvent as a person. They argue I lost 100% of my account, I am dumb. BUT, If you have 5-10,000 in an account and someone drops a bomb and they lose 20% of their account they think they did better than me because their loss is only 10% or 20% etc. But they lost 2-4 times the money. I live to trade another day and I can recoop my losses faster than they can.  I think they are dumb.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
More toe twisting today. This run has to end soon I would think. I have two pairs at level 3, three pairs at  level 2, and eight pairs at level 1. Margin level is still at 9500% though. DD is at about 5%. I feel like I'm cheating with the 400:1 leverage. FXSolutions Australia demo platform has been no problem to this point.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Yeah well, got out of the gbp/chf trade today in good shape and missed the usd/jpy. Thought that one would take a nice run was +80 at one time. I have got to quit missing my +10 +50. Not in bad shape but sheesh. day 12 of eur/usd and usd/chf. They now have a quad divergance and I have never seen one of those on a 4 hour chart before!!!! Will post results later. Still took a couple of profits and closed out some trades but I expected to be in better shape after today.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Just wrote an EA that is 110 wins to 1 loss. The one loss was for .58 cents. However, with the continued carry over it is -6.00 in the hole LOL. Maybe I should try to sell it for $99.00 as the 100% win EA. LOL.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Day 12 for the eur/usd and usd/chf run. Not much happened, closed out two more currencies. Thanks for the idiots at NFA I cant close out my small losers and hedge my other trades and come back in two weeks. I will have to come back Monday and finish my trading. Yes folks you could have just hedged your trades, take a vacation, and come back to the same level you are now. But since the NFA experts think there is no value in hedging we can no longer walk away from our trades and come back later. One of the beauties of hedging was the ability to walk away for a couple of days or weeks and then come back to clean up your mess when you can get a better read on the market. If you found yourself in a very bad spot, hedge it and come back later. I wish one of those guys would read my thread and realize this is a perfect time to hedge and come back next year. Idiots. Sorry guys but I had to let out some steam. Merry Christmas.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/nzd   +10
eur/gbp aud/usd I did not take either of these trades but they would be both around 15-30 pips
CLOSED FOR LOSS
gbp/chf   -18

OPEN TRADES
aud/cad    -65 +13
eur/cad           - 278  -154  +6
eur/nzd      - 144
eur/usd,    -399  -279  -91
usd/chf              -151  2l -86  3L +13
usd/jpy  -79

TOTALS

total for day -8
+519 for the week
+1301 for the month

Carry over -1700

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
I wrote this on the other thread but not this one. Beware of NZD cross pairs. They have a history of big spikes during Christmas and New Years. I dont even bother trading them. What I mean by a spike is a move of over 1000 pips in a few seconds. None of my EAs or strategies can protect you from these spikes so dont trade the NZD cross pairs. The reason is their liquidity goes to near zero during these two weeks and finding a buyer or seller can take a while.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Merry Christmas, In the last 10 days eurusd  and other currences had it's own strong trend and always followed the trend going on ,follwing this counter-trend trading systerm, I lost a lot pipes
Maybe this counter-trend trading systerm can not do well in this  strong trend.
How can we avoid this weakness?
Could we take  cci indictor into this systerm to help we do better in strong trend?

my english is not so good as my chinese,could you mean what i say?

--- 帖子 #825 ---
"I wrote this on the other thread but not this one. Beware of NZD cross pairs. They have a history of big spikes during Christmas and New Years. I dont even bother trading them. What I mean by a spike is a move of over 1000 pips in a few seconds. None of my EAs or strategies can protect you from these spikes so dont trade the NZD cross pairs. The reason is their liquidity goes to near zero during these two weeks and finding a buyer or seller can take a while."

Bob,

I still open NZD/USD, buy and minus 78 pips...

So recommended to close or when exact date to concern before closing?

I am on live mode.

Any recommend also on EUR/USD since I am on 3L and still negative...

Thx, Jopie

--- 帖子 #826 ---
hi nanning,

Whats your biggest drawdown percentage in account you had to absorb

when you decided to close those trade.?

Whats your average percentage gain in account for most trade?

thanks

regards

jin

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Hai.. Trading style is nice. I might not fully use your system, because I'am fully trend follower & swinger , but your way of using combination indicators is just giving me new idea. Thank's for sharing..!! Great system.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
If you follow my rules on the 2.4.2 recovery system the deepest I go on a level is around 400 pips. At that point I only close the 1st level trade and then add a new third level trade. I dont go any deeper than that. You can do the math as far as lot size and percentage of account. When I start to hit 3rd level trades I want to be 15% or less on my account. When I get to the 4th level (remember I am dropping the 1st level at that point) I dont want to be more than 20% of my account. If you are hitting higher than that then you are playing with too big of a lot size or playing with too many currency trades at one time. My totall DD for all my trades I try to keep under 1500 but that is not always possible. When I get 2500 I know I should be dropping some of my worst trades. So whatever math and leverage you need should stay in those ranges. Except on really long runs (like the eur/usd and usd/chf are doing now) I generally stay well under 1000 on my DD. 1000 DD may sound like a lot but in reality I have seen that disappear in 1-2 days when price reverses. Even as a trend trader you could probably adapt my 2.4.2 recovery system into your system. I like it so much better than using stop losses. I use S/R lines on a 4H or 1D to make my decisions on where to put my extra levels with my spacing being around 200 pips apart.

--- 帖子 #829 ---
You can try trading when white is above red and blue BUY and when it is below SELL with your present system and probably make something work. I am just a contrarian trader, thinker, I just seem to trade better that way.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
I am in the Eur/usd trade now and willl drop my first level and add a 4th like my 2.4.2 recovery system requires if price does another drop. That 1st level drop is one of my rare losing trades I take now and then. I usually have to do that maybe 1 or 2 times a month while trading. The NZD trade you want to be out of before the 24th. That is the day I have seen the biggest spikes in that currency. Understand that may not happen this year, it didnt last year but it has happened in the past. So no panic time yet unless you just want to play it safe.

I see you probably took it as a secondary trade and it wasnt a bad decision on your part at all. You should be able to get out with a small profit or break even soon, I would think.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Thanks nanning for your reply.

I just trying how i can incorporate your money management into my current trading systems. I current trading only resistance and support.

Seldom on the trendline as sometimes i saw alot of trendline is broken just to test the support and resistance. So i had higer respect for R and S compared to trendline.

I not too sure whether i should incorporate 400 pips into it.

In between the 200 and 400 pips. The market does give some breathing space to breakeven, minimum loss or maybe some profit.(provided your lots changed).

I need to backtest gain. So far my forward trading is ok. thanks

--- 帖子 #832 ---
I currently have 13 open orders,of which one is on postive side, and 16 closed orders of which 6 are postive..if my math is correct this is less than 25% win ratio??? I'm pretty sure I'm doing everything according to the instructions...Loading the buy/sell template is the same as loading the buy/sell indicators???

--- 帖子 #833 ---
I have no idea what you are talking about or what you did. What do you mean you have 16 closed orders and only 6 are positive. I have never had a ratio like that?????

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Slowly fading here. I probably will do something with one or two levels of the eur/usd today. Other than that I expect price to just bounce in a small range and will try to scalp some trades. If I can get another usd/chf to profit 50 pips I will take out my level one and just have one level open. If the eur/usd breaks support I will close my level 1 trade.

TAKE PROFITS
usd/chf +41
CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/nzd      - 12

OPEN TRADES
aud/cad -212  -137  -22
eur/cad           - 349  -225 -65
eur/usd,    -437  -317  -130
usd/chf              -187  2l -122 3l 0
usd/jpy  -155 2L 0

TOTALS

total for day +29
+29 for the week
+1330 for the month

Carry over -2358

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.
[/quote]

--- 帖子 #835 ---
I had plans to 242 the Eur/Cad today. I had a stop loss set on L1 and a limit order to open when L1 was stopped out. I failed to remove the EA from the chart so when L1 stopped out , EA closed all three levels. Remember, if EA closes one trade , it will close all trades for that pair.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Based on Toothman"s post I must have left the EA turned on and where there were multiple orders it closed all of them??? I currently have 15 orders open, of which two were opened manually by me. There is only one (1) order that is in postive terittory..

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Yuck. I know I still didnt want to be trading at this time but time to stay within the system and take some hits. First month I have taken 3 losing trades. Wiped out my profit for the month so hopefully prices will finally settle and get back to moving around some. eur/usd in its 20th day of no major retrace, Boy where are the  pro EURO dump the dollar guys now???? Dont expect price to do much of anything until after Christmas or even New Year. Wish I could just hedge all of this and come back in January. Dang NFA.
TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/usd -488
eur/cad           - 494  -390
OPEN TRADES
aud/cad -301  -223  -104
eur/cad  -211  -2
eur/usd,   -351  -161
usd/chf                -217  2l -152 3l -33
usd/jpy  -235 2L -82

TOTALS

total for day -1372
-1347 for the week
+42 for the month

Carry over -2070

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.
[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Continue to exit some positions and bring my DD down. December maybe the only month I take a loss this year. Still up +31 for the month will see if I can hang on to it. I will not post any more results until next Tuesday. I will not be taking any new positions and will see if I can lessen my DD next week. I dont want to be holding any trades going into the New Year runs.
TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS
usd/chf   2l -65 3l +54
OPEN TRADES
aud/cad -357  -279  -160
eur/cad  -255  -46
eur/usd,   -270  -80
usd/chf                -130
usd/jpy  -214 2L -61

TOTALS

total for day -11
-1358 for the week
+31 for the month

Carry over 1692

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.
[/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #839 ---
BOB,

I hope you and the contributors of this thread have a merry xmas and hope new year is full of joy, happiness and best of health for you guys and your loved ones.

Relax, chill out and enjoy life.

kind regards

astral77

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Merry Christmas to all of you.

--- 帖子 #841 ---
I finished out my trades. Even though it looks bad I did several scalp trades that made my losses much lighter than they appear. I posted this system last May and it was my first losing month. Just got caught on these long trends that just wouldn't retrace. The Good news is my account is healthy and ready for next year. In the past without the 2.4.2 recovery system I would severely damage an account but I am pleased for as bad as things went. Some of the pairs still have not retraced after three weeks so to me that is good news even though it was a bad spot on a good year.
TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS
aud/cad -232  -154  -35  +36
eur/cad  -157   +52
eur/usd,   -186  +4
usd/chf                 -92

usd/jpy  -263 2L -10
OPEN TRADES

TOTALS

total for day
-1037 for the week
-1006 for the month

Carry over 0

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
vote 50 for 47 against hmmmmmmmmmmmm eat these apples for 2009.

+5597 pips since Aug. 16 to Dec. 31.
Aug. 2009 Total +1020 pips

Sept. 2009 total +2651 pips p. 27 post #396
Oct. 2009 total + 1335 for the month P. 39 post #579 (This was our most difficult month so far but we survived and profited)
November 2009 +1628 (got hit the last couple of days on the Dubai news but still not a bad month)Pg. 48 post 709
December 2009 -1006 Dang those trends went 20+ days and some are still going.
2009 total pips +5597
I guess I can be happy with that.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Happy New Year's guys and remember to give the market a couple of days before trying to read the charts. If the market takes off in a certain direction just follow it until things go back to normal. I will start posting my positions publicly again on Jan. 11.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
I am looking for someone that can code a simple indicator for me. Below is the code and all I want is for it to draw the lines on a screen. Should work in all TF. What I want is the ability to fix screen size for example if on a 1H chart it will only figure screen size for the last 4 days or only the last 4 days  seen on the screen. To work in all TF that would be 4 time periods. For example 4H chart would be the last 4 weeks etc. I just havent been able to get the indicator to work and I am heading into finals at the schools at work at so I dont have time for the next 3 weeks to do this. Much appreciated if someone could do this. Plan on using this for this 4H trading method and another idea of using it for a trend following system. Below is the basic coding.

double WindowTop = WindowPriceMax();
double WindowBottom = WindowPriceMin();

double HalfWay = (WindowTop + WindowBottom) / 2;

double PriceFromTop = WindowTop - ((WindowTop - WindowBottom) * 0.25);

double PriceFromBottom = WindowBottom + ((WindowTop - WindowBottom) * 0.25);

//Draw lines using above values.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Here is a pic showing 4 time periods on a 4H chart and the indicator should base its information from the last 4 TP (time periods) or the 3 last completed TP ignoring the present TP. I dont know at this point which would work better.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Showing a eur/nzd 4H screen the distance from top to bottom is 1207 pips. I will use 1200 to illustrate what I want it to do.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
The indicator will then draw lines based on percentages entered. This screen we are asking it to do 25% 50% and 75%. It could also do 20 % 80% or 10% 90%. etc. The indicator then will play a sound and post a message when the top or bottom lines are crossed. Of course some of you can see where I am going with this.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Then in the left hand corner with abbreviations and smaller lettering it will post the information of distance from top to bottom and top to top line and bottom to bottom line. This info should help you in figuring out reentry numbers for each pair. For example the distance is 300 pips for eur/nzd so our reentries will be between 2-300 pips. Other pairs would be smaller etc.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
So my use for this indicator would be for this system and another one I am working on. Thanks for anyones help or input. NANNINGBOB.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Hypothetical question here. Say you've entered a trade and it goes against you badly. There have been no good retraces and you have dropped a couple,  levels using the 242 strategy. You've taken substantial losses but still no point to exit. If you look at the EUR/USD in early Dec. 2008 this scenario  occurs. Would you keep dropping a level using the 242 strategy or would you close all trades at the break of a S/R level  and give the pair a rest for awhile? Either way, this could lead to huge losses. I'm thinking the only way out would have  been to try to cancel some of these losses with wins on other pairs and bite the bullet on the E/U.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
I did all three the last week of December. I was hit by the eur/cad, eur/usd, usd/jpy, usd/chf. All of them went on 3 week with no major retraces. I finally took 2300 pips in losses (I was +1300 for the month and ended up -1000). Yes I offset some of that with winners but you can see from my monthly total that it was not a good two weeks there. I finally on the eur/usd just took a loss at a minimum retrace. That was just plain ugly. As you know the long drawn out trend run that moves slowly and never retraces is the biggest killer of my systems. See the pic below as I give the history of the trade and what I did. I think the biggest disservice I have done you guys is not do a daily on my losing streak. It should have been a good teaching tool watching me handle these type of losses. I regret now not doing that. Excellent question.

As you can see I had opportunities to take out that trade without a big loss but I get arrogant and think I can get out of any losing situation. That is not always true and then I end up taking a much bigger loss than I should have. I really felt with a 3 hump divergance on a 4H chart (MACD line) I was looking at a nice winner but it did not happen. 90% of the time that would be true but with the upcoming holidays there just wasn't enough trading/business going on to make it happen. Some bad decision making and ignoring some very strong fundamentals. The big drop on Dec. 17th killed me on that trade. This is the one weakness of my system and happens rarely but we must understand it does happen.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
hello .... Professor nanningbob is a long time since I write.

Let me repeat to you today something which I have already proposed about 18 months ago.

Maybe today you could read it with different eyes.

At least I hope so.

My writing is three years old and repropose as it was born at that time.

Please do let me know what you think.

It could be a lifeline?

hello

Romano

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Excellent ideas, however, we in the USA can no longer hedge. I had developed a trading system buying a buy and sell at the same time. I would then take profit no matter which direction price went and using half of the winning position to close 40% of the losing position. I would then hedge again and waited until one position profited enough to take away half of a losing position. I would then try to trade out the last part of the losing position. It worked well in my testing but because hedging was banned by the NFA I was no longer able to trade. I loved hedging. I could walk away from my computer at any time and pick up the trade at another time. It gave you a chance to regroup yourself and overcome your negative thoughts and feelings. I could wait until the market gave me a better decision  point to trade again. Yes I agree with your thoughts and think they are excellent. We just cant do that anymore with a USA broker and many foreign brokers dont want to take USA clients now. So we are stuck for now. Thanks for the great input.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Here is my lament about the loss of hedging and some of my thoughts about the NFA:

P. 55 post 822 I give an example of why I think the NFA are a bunch of loonies for banning hedging. I give a perfect example of why hedging is a valuable trading tool and a perfect time to use it. I don't like what the markets do at holiday times, so I can hedge my trades and come back after to trade again without taking unnecessary risks. Now I have to take some risks to protect my account. Stupid NFA.

Because I could not hedge my positions just before Christmas I lost my 1300 pips profit I had and my losses continued. I would rather have hedged all my positions and come back after the new year and kept my 1300  pip profit for December. I never would have gotten so deep in the hole if I could have done that. So I dont want any idiots coming on my thread talking about how they cant see how hedging is a benefit for the trader and the NFA is trying to protect traders from themselves. My position is the NFA is trying to force traders into a certain trading style of trading not  protecting me from brokers. Banning hedging is a benefit to brokers because now certain trading styles, like mine, have to take deep losses instead of hedging until we get more favorable trading scenarios. Sorry to rant and rave.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Hi Professor

I do not know if you're interested, but this is a list of brokers in London.

http://www.forexpros.it/directory/br...etter_prefix=i

There are also alpari and Interbank, of all people are hundreds.

Just make the payment in U.S. dollars or euros on the London office and the problem of the hedge is terminated. Here NFA can not do anything.

You just have to be careful when they use it or not, the platform Metatrader. Not everyone use it.

The same brokers adopt different strategies tradin between America and Europe.

hello

Romano

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Hi bob,

I'm back from my christmas break and will be trading this system on a real account asap.

Unfortunately I can't help with the indicator...looks like an interesting idea though!

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Thanks for the help. The problem is finding one that will take US clients. I dont think Alpari UK takes US clients and many of the others do not either.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
For anyone not aware, FX Solutions Australia accepts US. citizens. 400:1 leverage, allows hedging, has fixed spreads and uses the MT4 platform. 10 cents a pip is the minimum trade size. They'll also let you trade through a retirement account.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
After downloading the files... I have placed the files into the required folders, but do not have the same results as your screen shows w/ the "expert folder",

The Stochastic/MACD is missing "white" line

The Yellow "80, 50 & 15" are not visible

The "Expert Advisor" does not show the Buy & Sell EA symbols

Can you advise me which files go into the specific folders...

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Download teh MACD true from pg 1 post 1 and add it to the indicators folder. The others sound like they maybe in the wrong folders. Make sure your EAs are in the EA folder.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Hey bob -

Just wondering if you have any 5 digit templates set up at all?

I looked in the main 2nd Edition 5D folder and the template folder is empty...

Moved to a live account this week and just setting it up now.

EDIT: I just loaded a template up and it says "5 Digit" in the top corner...looks like it could be a go here.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Are you going to continue posting your trades every night?

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Ok got it all set up only 11 pairs right now. The spreads are massive on some of the others so ill keep it simple for a while.

At the moment, the only trade I can see is a BUY on gpb/aud when it crosses.

I still don't think everyone has gone back to work just yet, so trading will still be weak this week, with it resuming again next week.

This could also be part of why those trends went for so long Bob and didn't reverse.

Excited for the new year trading this system.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
I want to play safe with my public plays. So I will start posting Monday. Sometimes the first week of the year can be unpredictable, 2nd I want these long trends, which by the way I have never seen before, (3 week no major retrace trends and some still going, Eur/cad went almost 4 weeks) come to an end first. Once the market starts bouncing around again, I will be happy. My viewpoint is the NFA Friday will bring most of the traders, banks, and business back on board and we can expect some predictability back in the market. Now what I mean by that is there are retraces. That is my life's blood.

Also, dont get your hopes up but I am testing a trend trade to add to this system. After we capitalize on the retrace, if price keeps going and reverses, I think I may have found a great entrance point. I am going to be trying it over the next 3 weeks and if it looks good I will post it. This will be very simple, no multi level trades just continue follow the trend on a true reversal. It will have specific entrance, SL, TS moves but I havent decided what to do about exits yet. It looks good eyeballing yet but everything is different live when you dont have hidnsight on the chart. If I can consistantly win with it then I can teach it. So we try. It is just that you can spot things when price reverses off my system. Anyway I will try it and am working with a EA that will once again do the entrances for you and then you will monitor the trade. This has been on my mind about 2 months now and pieces are starting to fit together. I am somewhat excited about it but it looks good in December with these long trends. I want to see what happens to the system in a choppy market, that is the killer of all trending systems, choppy market. We love choppy markets. That is where I make my money and most of the time 70% or better the market is choppy. 30 % of the time it trends but many of them are short, by the time you recognize the trend it maybe too late to get in unless you do 1D chart ananlysis. Oh well I will quit rambling. HAPPY NEW YEAR.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
EGADS!!! Dont try learning my system with gbp/aud, gbp/nzd, gbp/jpy, eur/nzd. They are killers unless you got deep pockets. I will trade the gbp/jpy and eur/nzd on occasion but not the others. They really move big time and can get you in the hole very quickly. They dont like to follow the charts and can go 2000 pip moves. I dont have that deep of pockets to play them. The NZD is a currency of a country of 4 million people. It can get crushed by the bigger currencies and be totally unforgiving. In my 7 year currency fact sheet the NZD cross pairs had the biggest one days moves ever with some going over 2000 pips in one day. The Aud is becoming a more powerful pair and doesnt quite get hosed as the NZD. As it continues to grow as a currency with trade in Asia it is less likely now to do that but remember that the big 3 USD, EUR, GBP can crush any of the other currencies. Just visit the charts on OCT. 2008 and see what the USD can do to other currencies when it has super big fundamental news. Unless your an Aussie and know your own currency very very well, I wouldnt recommend it.

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Someone posted code on this thread or my 60x90 that allowed the EA to trade once and quick. Once it took profit it would not reenter. If the trade was close it did not continue. Does anyone know where I can get that code or do that for an EA for me??

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Bob,

Here you go. I posted this in post 613 in this thread. Changes are in bold print. Remember to delete the last line and bracket. These changes work. I've been using them for over a month now.
http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon1.gif Here's how to stop EA from reentering

For anyone who's interested, here are the changes needed to stop the EA from reentering after a TP is hit. Also notice that you have to delete a line and a bracket at the end. I'm pretty sure this stops reentry after a SL is hit also. Thanks to IamThat.

bool YesStop;
bool isTPSL=False;

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| expert initialization function |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int init()

{

//----

//----

return(0);

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| expert deinitialization function |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int deinit()

{

//----

DeleteAllObjects();

//----

return(0);

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| expert start function |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int start()

{

//----

int cnt=0;

bool result;

string text="";

string version="VERSI INI DAH EXPIRED...SILA YM xxul_gunturean utk penggantian";

// skrip masa trading

if (UseTradingHours)

{

YesStop = true;

if (lotsi<0.01) lotsi=0.01;

if (lotsi>100) lotsi=100;

OpenOrders=0;

MarketOpenOrders=0;

LimitOpenOrders=0;

for(cnt=0;cnt<OrdersTotal();cnt++)

{

if (OrderSelect(cnt, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES))

{

if (OrderSymbol()==Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber() == MagicNumber)

{

if (OrderType()==OP_BUY || OrderType()==OP_SELL)

{

MarketOpenOrders++;

LastOrderOpenTime=OrderOpenTime();

}

if (OrderType()==OP_SELLLIMIT || OrderType()==OP_BUYLIMIT) LimitOpenOrders++;

OpenOrders++;

}

}

}
if(PreviousOpenOrders>OpenOrders) isTPSL=True;

if (OpenOrders<1)

{

if (!TradeOnFriday && DayOfWeek()==5)

{

Comment("TradeOnfriday is False");

return(0);

}

}

...................................  ...................................  ..........

}

if (PreviousOpenOrders>OpenOrders)

{

ContinueOpening = false;

for(cnt=OrdersTotal()-1;cnt>=0;cnt--)

{

if (OrderSelect(cnt, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES))

{

mode=OrderType();

if ((OrderSymbol()==Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber() == MagicNumber) || AllSymbolsProtect)

{

if (mode==OP_BUY || mode==OP_SELL)

{

OrderClose(OrderTicket(),OrderLots( ),OrderClosePrice(),slippage,Arrows  Color);

return(0);

}

}

}

}

for(cnt=0;cnt<OrdersTotal();cnt++)

{

if (OrderSelect(cnt, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES))

{

mode=OrderType();

if ((OrderSymbol()==Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber() == MagicNumber) || AllSymbolsProtect)

{

if (mode==OP_SELLLIMIT || mode==OP_BUYLIMIT || mode==OP_BUYSTOP || mode==OP_SELLSTOP)

{

OrderDelete(OrderTicket());

return(0);

}

}

}

}

}

PreviousOpenOrders=OpenOrders;

if (OpenOrders>=MaxTrades)

{

ContinueOpening=False;

} else {

ContinueOpening=(isTPSL==False);

}

Delete the next line and bracket
http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/quote.gif

--- 帖子 #868 ---
I am an Aussie, and I do know the currency fairly well!!!

I will definitely take you're advice about the NZD currencies, I got hammered on the demo last year on one, it just moves so so fast...as you have said.

I traded it for about a month late last year and did pretty well, I'm just going to make primary trades and others that I pick up on. Will keep posting my thoughts on a daily basis here, if for nothing else than to keep my engaged and focussed.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
I have to set ups -

SELL: aud/usd

BUY: usd/cad

I won't be taking these trades though as I am not starting to trade until Monday when the markets returns to "normal".

--- 帖子 #870 ---
would have seen a profit on those two trades if I had taken them.

Once again I'm having issues with the EA's...its this damn 5 digit broker!

signals:

sell: AUD/NZD

--- 帖子 #871 ---
I will start posting my public trades this weekend for Monday. Most of the market is up and running again but there are still a few runners still going out there. Namely the AUD/JPY still hasnt retraced in the last 4 weeks. Most of the currencies have but will wait for Monday.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
This is a chart of the last EUR/USD run. Here's how I plan to trade this strategy. Using Bob's guidelines, wait until red white and blue are at extremes, price is at top or bottom 1/3 of chart and then wait until an RSI (8) shows divergence. Would have been able to take 50 pips at each check mark on this run and never have to go to a L2 trade. My next to last check mark on the RSI is in the wrong place but you get the idea.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
I would like to add to this EA a breakeven move of the SL and a +10 2nd move. This would help protect us in these short retrace moves in the long non-retrace trend. I have found an EA that has the coding but I need someone to move it to this EA. Any takers????

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Thank you Mr. Toothman. Here is another change and makes a great read. Change the BB bands to:

1. 50 post the main line with Dev set at 2 shift 1.

2. 51 Dev. 3 shift 1 use dotted lines

3. 49 Dev. 1 shift 1 use dotted lines

4. RSI to 8 with lines at 75 and 25

New entrance points for recovery BB bands Dev. 3

Measure distance from Dev. line 3 to Dev. line 2 = total pips A

Measure distance from 1st entrance to Dev. line 3 = total pips B

tpA = recovery distance

tpB = amount needed to recover

Division is tpB / tpA

What is multiplication to break even?

If distance for tpB 210 pips in the hole

If distance for tpB is 70 pips

210/70 = 3

Multiply next level entrance by 3, set your TP for both levels to break even.

You are out.

So you want out of a bad trade or you want a quick TP off of level 3 BB There are your numbers. When price hits Dev. level 3 enter and then TP at level 2. Confirm RSI above below 25/75. An RSI warning system probably exists somewhere at FF. An EA that enters off of Dev. 3 would be easy to write. What do you think???

See pic below. I also attached the template. HMMMMMMMM will study this one. May lead to new entrance rules. Scalping the 4H chart. yuk yuk

--- 帖子 #875 ---
The other thing I forgot to mention is when you see price bouncing between Dev. 2 and 1 you know you are in trouble. If you want to take a minumum loss Dev. 1 is your recovery TP for a minimum loss on the 2.4.2 recovery system. This looks good, I like the clear cut rules here. If you are in a trade and you want to break even reenter outside Dev. 2 or 3 TP at next deviation line and do the math. I love it when pieces come to gether. Again if you use Dev. 2 you confirm with the RSI being >< 25/75.

Another thought if you are 3 levels deep do the math for just one level. So you want level 3 to break even your level 1 trade and you leave level 2 to see if price breaks in your favor. If it doesnt then you will use a L4 trade to break even your level 2 but you have already closed out 1 and 3 so they would be your present level 1 and 2. I know clear as mud. In other words, if you are at 3 levels you dont need to try to clear both level 1 and 2 at the same time if your margin is tight or you dont want to risk a high multiplication.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
I was planning on changing my BB from 40 to 50 anyways so here is the reason why. I also am developing a follow the trend system using the 50MA on a 4H chart so that makes this fit that system. It will be cool when I get it all together.  Just a hint of what maybe coming.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Start of the New Year and time to trade again. Did some light trading last week and did ok. But now for the public trading. Some currencies have not ended their Christmas trends yet so be careful AUD/JPY is one of them. It looks tempting but I dont know how to read a 3+ week of constant trending without a major retrace. If it continues it will be week 4 and it is possible with the an expectation of some USA selloffs and the money going into the AUD and NZD pairs. Higher interest rate.
TAKE PROFITS

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

TOTALS

total for day    0
for the week   0
for the month  0

Carry over     0

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS Aud/Nzd,

Secondary trades
BUYS      Eur/Aud, Gbp/Chf

SELLS Aud/Cad,

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Nanningbob why not just move your account to the UK so that you can continue hedging? I think it would make life a lot easier.

--- 帖子 #879 ---
I am waiting for IBFX to finish opening their offices there and many of the UK brokers wont take USA customers.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Just so others know that someone can make positive pips with this method.  I made 502 pips last week.  I had one losing trade only because I closed it out rather than wait it out.  Had I been more patient, that trade would only be -5 pips going into the Sunday session.  Nice method Bob.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Jump to true here

http://www.gomarketsaus.com/

I believe they solved all the problems of American citizens.

For added safety, I sent them a mail-here is the content and their response:

Good morning

I would like an information-for some American friends

You accept the opening of current accounts of American citizens?

They want to circumvent American laws of the NFA. (hedge problem)

This is possible with you?

In Europe it is entirely legal. But Americans are not accepted.

Thanks

Romano Lutti

Good Day Romano,

Thank you for addressing your query to Go Markets.

To answer your questions,

Yes, we accept accounts opened by American Citizens

Yes, we allow the hedging of positions.

We are familiar with the recent turn of events by the NFA and as a result we've had many American clients come on board with Go Markets.

I would be more than happy to answer any of your American friends with setting up an account and welcome them to email me directly with any account openning questions.

Please feel free to pass forward my email to them.

Lawrence Chan

GOMarkets Pty Ltd

Level 16, 114 William Street

Melbourne

VIC 3000

+61 3 9670 3055

1800 88 55 71
lawrencec@gomarketsaus.com
www.gomarketsaus.com

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Congratulation to you Zorro's Mask:

On my side, I keep gain back with my lost by doing this kind of leveling follow NanningBob but in total my trading very positive for few months.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Romano, do you had live accounts with this provider?

I am looking alternative way event I did not hedge any trades (I did it before but sounds not success).

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Jopie - I just opened a live account with Go Markets and it seems fine thus far.

Positions:

aud/nzd: - 19 (opened last friday EVEN THOUGH I said I wasn't going to trade last week...if I just WAITED then I would be positive here)

To Open:

BUY: usd/chf

SELL: aud/cad

--- 帖子 #885 ---
TAKE PROFITS
Aud/Nzd, +6 I will look for a reentrance on this one. Put a sell at just below resistance and just below support.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
Aud/Cad, -57
Eur/Aud,  +21 set SL to 0
Gbp/Chf -45
TOTALS

total for day +6
for the week   0
for the month  0

Carry over     0

primary trades
BUYS usd/chf
SELLS aud/usd nzd/usd

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Aud/nzd I thought was a bad entrance so I took my little profit. I set pending orders, both sells, just below S&R lines. Looking for a retrace to the top or a continuation trade. I want a better entrance.

--- 帖子 #887 ---
There are traders who are using some of my EAs with GOMarkets. There is an issue with the placing of the TP and SL. They must be entered separately and are not placed by the EA. If they ever resolve that issue they would be of interest. Thank you for your info.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Thx Scottik187 - I will consider this broker. Good day and happy trading

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Hello Bob,

I just opened a live account with FXCM UK http://www.fxcm.co.uk/. They take US citizens.  There's also the advantage of segregated accounts as required by British law.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Closed positions:

aud/nzd: -5. If I held i would be sitting on a decent profit here. Problem was my initial entry.

usd/chf: 0 (moved the stop to zero after it moved 30+ points in my favour and it retraced).

Open positions: aud/cad: +10 and will hold for a while.

Set-ups: I don't really like either of these two

Buy: usd/jpy

Sell: GBP/USD - would like it to be further up the screen.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Nice day, will take it.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/usd +88
Eur/Aud,  +34 Took this one too early, nice run yesterday worth a hundred+ pips.
Gbp/Chf +43

nzd/usd +22

usd/chf  +10

Aud/nzd +63 another nice run. Showed how to play it yesterday in seperate post.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
Aud/Cad, -8
BUYS
SELLS

TOTALS

total for day +260
for the week +266
for the month +266

Carry over -8

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS eur/cad, gbp/usd

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Again I am going to take a straddle trade using pending orders. Today I will take the EUR/USD. If it bounces back up to R line I enter. If it breaks S I enter. This is what it looks like.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Interesting. The vote is 51 for 49 against. Even though I made over 200 pips yesterday, someone thought it was junk and voted against the method. Well, I will just keep making money here.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
thanks for that Bob - you certainly did have a good day.

From what I can see, most of your trades there came as secondary trades or simply from you seeing the trade within your system, rather than just taking primary trades...would I be right in saying that???

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Dear Bob

If I were you I would not be too hung up in who votes which way. I have been through a large number of systems (good systems with 5 star rating) and yours is the only COMPREHENSIVE system with get out of trouble provision.

Bear in mind that there is a large amount of reading to do in order to properly understand the system (I had to read it 3 times). Having closely followed the system for two months now and trading in demo mode, I am going to open a separate live account exclusively for trading nanningbob 4 H system with a British broker.

kind regards

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Some were secondary trades yes. My definition of a secondary trade is a trade that was previously a primary trade but has now double or tripled top or is showing divergance on a 4H chart (they are going into a head and shoulders pattern). To me they are just as good as a primary in fact they are usually better in that the move is usually bigger than the original primary trade. What I am going to do now is add to the system with straddle trades. I have taken my profit but just in case the trade continues to run I will stay in it or if it goes back to its previous entrance signal I will try to enter at its extreme. So we see how it goes.

One thing I am working on is an EA that will automatically move the SL up to 0 and then +10 on straddle trades and also will only trade once and quit. Once I get that EA written and working properly I want to start following the trend more with straddle trades using 4H and 1D S/R lines. Hopefully it will add to our profits. I like its potential anyway so I need a programmer to help me. I know how to change programs and make adjustments but I dont do fresh programming.

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Bob, is the vote matters and give you a lot of $$$$$ ?

I am asking because I did not understand

To my opinion, my trading now more "safer" and profitable following your method. I need to admit I did not 100% follow since I like to combine fundamental news, TF5Min and surely, Nanningbob 4H....

I make consecutive profit in a row on Sept, Oct, Nov -- December not really since I hold a lot of minus because of euro but starting gain back right now.

And, this January I made few hundred dollars already.

Though votes not really a matter.... Cheers

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Today EUR/USD is a good example of a secondary trade setting up in my opinion.  Higher high in price but lower low (divergence ) on RSI(8). I won't take this trade until the close of the next 4HR candle to confirm divergence .

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Great cause u have very good patient, just remind beware of 4h chart 200SMA @1.4600, this might very strong resistance level.

TipTop

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Current positions:

gbp/usd: - 134, -4 (opened this to early. Looks like a great set up right now though).

eur/usd: +34 (straddle trade)

The trade I took on gbp/usd was an interesting one. I received the warning/notification that the 3x3 had crossed so I took the trade, however when it moved in the opposite direction the warning disappeared...thus I am in the red by a lot right now.

Do you guys wait until the end of the candle to make the trade?

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Thanks for all the positive feedback. My Straddle trade yesterday worked perfect so I am going to do it again today. Exact same setup. See pic below. I really didnt see any new trades I liked so gbp/usd and eur/usd is it for me today. Happy trading. I did think of staying in the aud/cad trade though. If you think it will run more put in your +10 and see what happens.
TAKE PROFITS
Aud/Cad, +40

eur/cad,  +85
STRADDLE TRADE

Eur/usd   +51 I put a TS of 25 on this after it entered. Nice straddle trade.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

gbp/usd 1L -122 2L +6 I added manually at R line
BUYS
SELLS

TOTALS

total for day +176
for the week +442
for the month +442

Carry over -116

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.
[/quote]

--- 帖子 #902 ---
No it is part of the method, we multi level trade because there is no 100% certainty price will change at the signals. What you want to do now is ride your second level and try to break even or get a small profit on this trade. When the trade is equalized put in SL so you dont lose the break even or minimal loss and then see if the trade continues into profit. The difference between my system and others is, instead of taking SL we try to break even on losing trades so our equity curve will keep moving up over time. It takes time to grasp this concept in trading when you have been hammered with USE A STOP LOSS all your trading life. My philosophy is only take a SL in extreme cases and always try to break even. December was the only time I took an extreme loss but that was a very rare exception in price movement. Prices moved for 3-4 weeks without retracing which is something I had not seen before. So it was good I had quit trading in December. So that is the basic philosophy behind this system. Also I usually do not reenter on less than 150 pips but we are so high up on the screen I went ahead and did at the R line. If you reenter too early it can also cause problems.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
If you're using the EA to enter,it uses the average of the last three candles. I've been playing around with entering manually when red, white and blue are at extremes, price is in top or bottom third of chart and RSI(8) is showing divergence.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Thanks for the comments bob and toothman.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Open positions:

gbp/usd: -193, -61. Still set up for a sell. Will be looking to zero out on this trade (hopefully).

Set-ups:

sell: aud/usd. We could be seeing a double top for the week, which is at a resistance level established a few weeks ago.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
quiet day, I am keeping my eur/usd straddle trade. Moved down the top line because of the new R line.
TAKE PROFITS

STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

gbp/usd 1L -186 2L -58 I added manually at R line
BUYS
SELLS

TOTALS

total for day +0
for the week +442
for the month +442

Carry over -244

primary trades
BUYS eur/gbp (use a smaller lot because this uses a lot of margin)
SELLS gbp/chf,

Secondary trades
BUYS  eur/aud, usd/jpy

SELLS aud/chf, aud/usd, nzd/usd,

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that

--- 帖子 #907 ---
I had a good day so I closed out and went to bed. No carryover. Though I show negative pips for the gbp/usd I made a profit because my second level was a higher lot than my first level. My Eur/Usd straddle trade went great. OK good first week, I am happy. See you Monday.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/chf,  0
aud/usd,  +65

eur/gbp  +17

gbp/chf, +55
nzd/usd,   +61
usd/jpy   did not enter

STRADDLE TRADE

eur/usd  +67
CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/aud, -8

gbp/usd 1L -83 2L +45 = -38
OPEN TRADES

TOTALS

total for day +219
for the week +661
for the month +661

Carry over  0

primary trades
BUYS chf/jpy  eur/cad, eur/gbp, eur/jpy, usd/jpy
SELLS gbp/chf

Secondary trades
BUYS  eur/aud

SELLS nzd/chf

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Bob,

I had requested sangmane for break-even stop loss modification of your EA in the programming section. He is yet do this modification, but I have found couple of EAs there which might help. I have not tested them yet. We should be able to use them separately from a chart, till we find a method to incorporate in your EA.

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Thank you. I will use these with some others I have found. I am trying to put together my own EA that  does some things I want. I will also need some other tools in my new EA. When its done the EA will babysit your trades more helping to prevent going back into deficit once it has gone into profit. In other words I am looking for more than an adjustment in this EA. I need a programmer willing to do some work here. I finish finals this week and then have several weeks off for this project.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
100:1 is still bearable but this one?

http://www.cftc.gov/newsroom/general...pr5772-10.html

--- 帖子 #911 ---
i still have the GBP/USD trade open - waiting for it to move closer to break even to close it out!!! Bit annoying -

closed aud/usd trade out for +98.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
That looks like a "death to retail forex" type bill.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Hi Bob...I'm re-reading the pdf trading manual..on page 9 (GBP/JPY chart)paragraph d, week 1 has all ind. together at 85 so turn on buy EA, shouldn't that read turn on sell EA since the price is in top 3rd and bouncing off the upper BB??

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Yes that is correct, sorry for the mistake.

--- 帖子 #915 ---
an update:

Goodbye US Forex industry: Part 2
Posted by Michael Greenberg in Brokers,  Traders 0 Comments     Continuing my post from last Friday about the CFTC’s anti-Forex regulations (I dear you to fathom this 193 pages document) there are couple more points we should discuss:

1. First one is the “Foreign Exchange Dealers Coalition” manifest first published by fxstreet’s Francesc. It’s an interesting piece of paper, not solely because of its content, but also by the first ever appearance of a US retail forex brokers’ alliance – and this is a revolution, no less. It seems that in fear of the worst even forex brokers can unite. This is highly important because brokers unity is perhaps US industry’s last chance and because for the first time the brokers collectively realized the danger. This however is probably too late.

CFTC is all but done introducing the new requirements, and this Comment Period is just a bureaucratic procedure. US brokers should realize that the window to fend off this attack is long gone, and it’s time to adapt to a whole new reality – the US government doesn’t want you there, it prefers you to move to offshore locations. Unfortunately for you, these offshore locations are already pretty well inhabited by other brokers so the rules of game are much more different now.

The Foreign Exchange Dealers Coalition summarizes their stand with the following:

“The case against the 10 to 1 leverage rule is clear. The rule will be a boon to foreign forex dealers (both regulated and unregulated) who will grow entirely at the expense of retail forex dealers in the United States. Thousands of high paying jobs will be lost and the potential for tens of thousands of more jobs will forever vanish as well. Consumers will be hurt and more vulnerable to fraud. And the United States will toss away one of the most promising export industries that it has, all in the midst of 10% unemployment. There is no good reason that this should be so.”
They are spot on, but nobody in the CFTC cares.

2. The second point that most is overlooked while focusing on the 10-to-1 leverage requirement (which is crucial by itself) is that CFTC ‘proposed’ not only the reduction in leverage but also 193 pages of other requirements. In fact, it’s a whole new book of how the retail forex industry should look like. For instance:

Subject to certain exceptions (e.g., for certain regulated financial intermediaries not under the Commission’s jurisdiction as established in the CRA), the Proposal would require persons offering to be or acting as counterparties to retail forex transactions but not primarily or substantially engaged in the exchange traded futures business, to register as retail foreign exchange dealers (“RFEDs”) with the CFTC. Registered futures commission merchants (“FCMs”) that are “primarily or substantially” (as defined in the Proposal) engaged in the activities set forth in the Act’s definition of an FCM would be permitted to engage in retail forex transactions without also registering as RFEDs.
Do they mean SEC registered retail forex brokers (there are a few which are not primarily futures brokers summerstreetfx.com for instance)?

The Proposal would further require certain entities other than RFEDs and FCMs that intermediate retail forex transactions to register with the Commission as introducing brokers (“IBs”), commodity trading advisors (“CTAs”), commodity pool operators (“CPOs”), or associated persons (“APs”) of such entities, as appropriate, and to be subject to the Act and regulations applicable to that registrant category. In addition, the Proposal would require any IB that introduces retail forex transactions to an RFED or FCM to be guaranteed by that RFED or FCM.
Ouch.

The Proposal would also implement the $20 million minimum net capital standard established in the CRA for registering as an RFED or offering retail forex transactions as an FCM; propose an additional volume-based minimum capital threshold calculated on the amount an FCM or RFED owes as counterparty to retail forex transactions.
So where do US brokers go from here? Offshore.

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Here is a letter I sent to my Senators from Florida. You may want to send letters to your Senators. Time to get involved guys, but probably too late.

Senator Bill Nelson

Washington, D.C.

United States Senate

716 Senate Hart Office Building

Washington, DC 20510

Senator George LeMieux

United States Senate

356 Russell Senate Office Building

Washington, DC 20510

Dear Senator,

I have been a Forex trader for 3 years now. Even though my winnings have been modest I have enjoyed being a trader. However, due to new regulations Forex dealers and small time traders like myself are being forced out of the market. Please read the following and understand I am tired of govt. regulators joining forces with big time companies and wiping out the little guy. Please read the following story and let me know if there is anything that can be done. Otherwise I have to do my trading overseas in England or Australia where they dont punish the little guy. Why export more business and jobs when we need them here in the USA. I consider these men dangerous to this industry and they only want a small group of traders and companies to enjoy trading.

Goodbye US Forex industry

* Posted by Michael Greenberg in Brokers, Traders

So what do you when someone is constantly bullying and harassing you at your neighbourhood? Do you call the police, try to take a stand yourself or just run? Well, sometimes when nothing else helps and the situation is escalating, and this has been going on for ages it’s better just to find a new home. You tried your best and it’s not surrendering rather it’s an understanding that if someone powerful doesn’t want you there you can find better places where you can have your old quality of life back.

And my US Forex trading friends, the CFTC doesn’t want you there.

It doesn’t want you trading Forex with the US brokers who will gradually shift their operations to offshore locations where the regulator doesn’t have a conflict of interest or a powerful futures lobby forcing it to make all the wrong decisions.

Latest from CFTC is that it is “seeking public comment” on proposed leverage reduction to 10-to-1. We all know what this means: the rule is all but finalized and they just let you feel as if you are important to their decision making process. Whether you are a large broker or a small time retail trader, this will probably make no difference to these guys with a very clear agenda.

Now, I’m sure i’ll surprise you here but I’m actually a fan of a lower leverage. HOWEVER, I don’t think it should be forced on ALL forex traders. High leverage is a number one reason that newbie forex traders lose all their money. However, many professional traders as well as money managers, hedge funds, etc use high leverage in order to achieve better returns or just because their strategies require that. Some also use high leverage in order to cheaply hedge their exposure in other forex transactions.

(These are my comments not the authors. I disagree with the author on this point. High leverage is the best way to learn this industry. WHY? Because I risk less money to learn. For example, If I use 500 dollars at 400:1 leverage. My maximum loss would be 500 dollars. I will need to risk 2000 dollars to trade the same way at 100:1. My maximum loss would be 2000 dollars. With the new laws I will need to risk 20,000 at 10:1. When you are learning to be a trader which is better for you. Risk 500 dollars or 20K. This is obvious. Leverage is not my enemy it is my friend and the friend of every new trader. It allows us to lose small sums of money in the hopes of one day learning to trade larger sums. I would never have wanted to learn to trade FOREX if my minimum investment was 20K dollars. However, learning at 500 dollars was worth the price of training. The men who are writing the regulations are not protecting the small time investor they are killing them so that only a few big boys can trade. This is not an American concept. I want the freedom to trade, to learn, to lose or gain money in a free and open market. These regulators are not protecting the small investor they are wiping them out so only a privileged few can trade. Please protect my freedom to trade as I wish. I wish to trade with USA brokers but if govt. regulators wipe them out then I will be forced to use a foreign broker.)

Limiting leverage to novice traders is a great thing. Limiting leverage to ALL traders is horrible. I would recommend the CFTC to differentiate in their requirements and instead of imposing rules on all traders as if they were all identical set some kind of proficiency/experience test which will determine whether the trader can you use the leverage of his choice or be subject to a low leverage. Such test can be that trader’s testament to years of experience in trading or something of this nature.

I’ll send them this note, but I doubt it’ll make any difference. If anyone else would like to comment on that they are welcomed to send a note to: secretary@cftc.gov with “Regulation of Retail Forex” as the subject line. People, be nice or they will just throw your emails to garbage and ignore all other more balanced emails.

CFTC also oversees the vast Futures industry where many high leveraged products are present. Some are as leveraged as the spot forex right now. So why are these products aren’t limited to 10-to-1 leverage ratio? Why is it only the spot forex that is dealt with regulatory blows over and over again?

CFTC should have long time ago required all brokers to switch to ECN trading model and reduce leverage to novice traders. That’s it. That would have been so much better to the whole US forex industry, but I guess CFTC has it’s own considerations here…

Unfortunately as far as I know other regulators like FSA (UK) and FINMA (Switzerland) may take a similar approach as they look to work closely with the CFTC/NFA. Let’s hope they don’t but time will tell.

So my US forex friends, I suggest you don’t wait 60 days till the comment period is over or till the requirements are imposed – and they will be imposed as-is, find yourself a nice cosy offshore home and forget about all the problems you had at your old place.

Sincerely,

Robert Villmow

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Since yesterday was a bank holiday and the markets had minimum movement and it is my first day off in ages, I am going to sleep in late today and will post my results late. Sorry guys but I am tired be back later.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Open Positions:

gpb/usd: -203, -71. Still holding, looking to get out asap! If I was awake a couple of days ago I could have gotten close to zero'ing out...however that wasn't the case.

gbp/chf: -4. Will look to take small profit on this soon. Price is bouncing around.

Signals.

BUY: eur/aud. RSI making higher lows while price bounces off support. My issue with this is that I dont see the eur making a run against the Aussie, esp as aus interest rates will probably go up again soon. May look for a small profit.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
https://server.iad.liveperson.net/hc...o/chatinfo.gifYou are now chatting with 'Robert'

Robert: Welcome to the FX Solutions Australia on line chat service.  How may I assist you?

Robert: hi

Rich Delaney: Hi Robert, I've been told by several of your staff in the past that a U.S. citizen can open an account with your Australia branch as long as I use the MT4 platform. I was told tonight FX Sol Aus. doesn't accept US citizens. Can you enlighten me?

Robert: that is correct..at one time you could however now you cannot

Robert: BUT

Robert: you can have a MT acct with FX Solutions UK

Robert: FX Solutions UK, FX Solutions Australia and FX Solutions LLC are owned by City Index Limited, which is a UK based firm regulated for the conduct of investment business in the UK by the Financial Services Authority (FSA)

Rich Delaney: When did this change occur. Was talking to someone about doing  this  a month ago

Robert: around that time

Robert: shall i assist with the UK process--

Robert: its the same

Rich Delaney: I have an account several months old (demo- fx solutions Aus.) why wouldn't they email me and let me know ahead of time they were changing the rules on real money accounts

Robert: rules?

Robert: can you expand upon your question please

Rich Delaney: The new rule that US citizens no longer able to open australian account

Robert: for further inquiries or explanation regarding this matter email:… compliance@fxsol.com

Robert: you can have a MT acct with FX Solutions UK

Robert: it is the same process

Rich Delaney: The reason I wanted to open in Australia is that I think the UK will cave into pressure from the US. down the road when it comes to leverage and hedging

Robert: you can have a MT acct with FX Solutions UK... it is the same process

Robert: shall i explain the   process?

Rich Delaney: Can you get 400:1 leverage through the UK branch

Robert: yes

Rich Delaney: Are there plans or talk of lowering that leverage in the future

Robert: for further inquiries or explanation regarding this matter email:… compliance@fxsol.co.uk

Rich Delaney: Robert - Can you enter my last question and then Ill let you go

Robert: i did answer your  question--i directed you to the proper party for a reply

Robert: Thank you for your patience

Robert: you can have a MT acct with FX Solutions UK... it is the same process... shall i explain the process?

Rich Delaney: Ok
https://server.iad.liveperson.net/hc...o/chatinfo.gifPlease wait while I transfer the chat to the best suited site operator.
https://server.iad.liveperson.net/hc...o/chatinfo.gifYou are now chatting with 'Robert'

Robert: For an individual account, please complete the MetaTrader Online Application
NON-US Residents: Provide 2 Forms of Identification:

a. Government Issued Photo ID such as a Drivers License, Passport or National ID card

b. Proof of Address such as a utility bill, bank statement or lease agreement

Please note that applications may require up to two (2) business days to process.

Robert:

The minimum deposit required to activate a trading account is $250.

Robert: FX Solutions UK offers 2 funding methods: Credit Card and Wire Transfer. For more information on each funding method, please visit our Deposit Funds page.

Please be sure to include your name and account number on any deposits sent to FX Solutions UK. All funds must come from an account in the same name as the account holder.

Rich Delaney: Can I establish the account and fund it later

Robert: yes you can

Rich Delaney: Will I have to download MT4 again or use the demo I have going now. Would be nice if I can use the FX Sol AUS.MT4 platform I'm using now since I have it set up just the way I want it.

Robert: you can use the same one you have now

Robert: To switch from Demo to Live or from Live to Demo, click File, click Login. Type your Login ID and password for the account you want to log into. Click the Dropdown in the server box and choose the server you want to log into.

Check the Save Information box to save the details for the next time you login.

Rich Delaney: Ok, I'll  start the process tomorrow. Thank you

Robert: You're welcome

Rich Delaney: Still think it would have been nice to get an email ahead of time alerting me about Aus not allowing Us citizens anymore.

Robert: i understand

Robert: Thank you for your patience

Robert: Is there anything else I can help you with today?

Rich Delaney: thank you and good night

Robert: You're welcome

Robert: thanks-- you too have a good   evening

--- 帖子 #920 ---
That's quite the conversation, haha.

--- 帖子 #921 ---
closed out my gbp/usd trade for a substantial loss - wasn't moving the other way, plus I didn't want to add another level with CPI news etc coming out tomorrow.

i know this probably isn't the best course of action, but time to move on and look for other opportunities!

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Slow day today, not much happened. Lots of trades out there so pick and choose what you would like to do.  I didnt do any straddle trades but if I had a choice it would have been the aud/usd. Good luck trading.
TAKE PROFITS

STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
chf/jpy,   -13

eur/aud     -19

eur/cad,  -09

eur/gbp, -44

eur/jpy,  -11

gbp/chf  -105
nzd/chf     -16

usd/jpy   -35

TOTALS

total for day       +0
for the week      +0
for the month +661

Carry over     -252

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS gbp/usd,

gbp/nzd ?? even though it qualifies it is not a strong signal and I have many other trades going so i wont be taking it.

Secondary trades
BUYS  eur/chf

SELLS aud/chf, nzd/usd

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that [/quote]

--- 帖子 #923 ---
I closed that one out last Friday night. I have learned that if I had a good day and some other currency has stayed in the hole, I will go ahead and take the minimum loss or set my SL to prevent a deep backup. I dont always follow my own advice though. Over time when you get 2 or 3 levels deep you will learn to take that small loss. There are plenty of opportunities in the future plus it allows you to get a better entrance later. With the spike up today I hope to later get a good entrance on the GBP/USD. Bury the trade and go on.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Yeah I was thinking about closing the trade on friday when you did...but I didn't. Ah well.

i don't really like the look of any gbp sells right now, seems to be quite a lot of bullish sentiment there. I got out of my gpb/chf trade for a small profit as I didnt want to be exposed to the gbp so much.

As there sin't to much else happening, I'll be playing it safe until another some more opportunities come up...

--- 帖子 #925 ---
What bothers me about all of this, if the USA wants to screw everything up that is one thing but I dont understand why companies dont want to take US citizens overseas. Are we going to need dual/citizenship in other coutries to trade??

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Next time have a plan for your exit. I just am going to use your exit as an example. If you use the S/R indicator on a daily chart you will see that priced stopped right at a major S/R line on the  daily. The plan should have been, if price breaks this S/R line on the daily then exit. If it bounces off look for my best exit for the trade. I would have put a sell here to minimize my lose if it bounced and exit some point above if price kept going. You will learn in trading to minimize losses playing off of these major S/R lines. Notice the Daily chart below. You can see the blue line I drew showing two major S/R spots in the past. I put white arrow pointing to them. If price breaks that point your plan would be to exit. If price bounces your plan is to take the sell and reduce my loss. Once you get the hang of using S/R lines you can increase your profits and decrease your losses more. I hope this is a help to you. Next time plan where you want to take your loss, dont do it at the R line, do it after it is clearly broken. Look for the bounce and see if you get it, many times you will get it.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Thanks for the advice - looks great. I'm working on using the s/r lines some more, they are great places to place trades/get out etc, esp when combined with the indicators. Aside from that bad trade, I'm going pretty well using the system. Just need more experience managing trades...this will come with time!

--- 帖子 #928 ---
dear Bob,

brilliant strategy, thank you very much, I have read all postings sofar and I am demo trading right now.

I wanted to study the losing trades from december, but with the recovery 4-2-4 theory (of course in hindsight) I could not make a loss of it.....

Perhaps because of the MA arrows, they do repaint with historical data , maybe some long positions were taken earlier then I could see.

Cheers and thanks again!

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Signals:

Buy: eur/gpb

Sell: gbp/chf

I'm still a bit worried about these gbp pairs, however it has ran quite hard and may be due for a pullback imo.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Closed a couple of small profits to reduce my overall risk. Price didnt move much except on the gbp pairs. I like my positioning on all my trades except the eur/gbp.
TAKE PROFITS
eur/chf    +25

nzd/usd +10

usd/jpy  +22
STRADDLE TRADE

usd/jpy see pic below
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/chf,    -44

chf/jpy,      -35

eur/aud           -90

eur/cad,     -42

eur/gbp,  -103 L2 0

eur/jpy,    -42

gbp/chf    -190  2L -10

gbp/usd,  -39
nzd/chf          -16
TOTALS

total for day           +57
for the week         +57
for the month   +718

Carry over           -611

primary trades
BUYS eur/usd
SELLS usd/chf

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that [/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #931 ---
USD/JPY. Do I ride the trade or TP. That is always the question when you come to a S/R line. Blue and White are at the top but good news last night for the USA so it could continue. What do you do? I have been straddle trading these trades. I take my maximum profit at the R line and then put a pending order buy on the other side. I also put a pending order buy at its previous S line in case we have a double bottom. So here is a pic of my trade and set up. I get tired of losing these small 20-50 pip profits because I think price will continue but they dont. So now I take them and use the pending order to follow the trade in case price does continue. I used orange arrows to show previous S/R lines. Strong enough to  close the trade for TP but knowing price may continue.

--- 帖子 #932 ---
There are several things about FOREX, theories I have developed about why price moves back and forth.

1. FOREX is NOT about traders. It was set up so businesses could trade world wide and banks are needed to exchange currencies. Most of the action comes from business and government transactions. As trade flows in one direction, sooner or later it has to also flow back.

2. When banks do transactions I believe the do all the buys first then the sells or visa versa. So price will move one way and then reverse. This is the cause of Monday gaps as banks process their weekend deposits and exchanges.

3. No matter what the fundamentals are if there has been a run on a currency and the banks have been selling say lots of CHF because businesses are exchanging GBP, sooner or later they need more CHF to sell their customers. So they have to buy some CHF to restock their supplies. Remember we trade in hundredths or thousandths of a penny, they exhange to the nearest penny, they make a whole lot more than we do on an exchange. So a move of 5-800 pips may not even be one penny at a bank counter but they need more CHF to make transactions with their customers so price retraces at some point.

These are some of my theories concerning FOREX and why I play the retraces. I know they are coming. S/R points are places where banks need to restock so price pauses, retraces and then continues if demand is still there. These retraces cause me to make profit or close out a trade for a minimum or zero loss. I know they have to come, banks need to balance their currency reserves. I dont know if I am right or wrong on this issue but it made sense to me on why price moves like it does. Banks needs in relation to business and government transactions is what moves the market on a daily basis.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Dear Bob

Once again thanks for your great thread. For xxxjpy pairs it is useful to see stevehopwood`s scooby-doo BOJ JPY trading robot. there is a JPY specialist professional trader who is a regular contributor who gives very good insight into BOJ (Bank of Japan) policy.

Regards

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Open Positions:

Sell

gbp/chf: - 126

Positions to open:

Buys: eur/jpy, eur/gpb, eur/usd, aud/usd (secondary trade).

Sell: aud/nzd, usd/chf, usd/cad.

Lets hope we see some pips coming our way today!

Still wary of eur weakness and general gpb strength.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
nice day/bad day liked my profits, however the euro and chf continues to get clobbered. eur/gbp concerns me but the others are being normal in their movements. Looking for some price retracements today to give me a big day or ????? Thurs is usually a good retracement day.
TAKE PROFITS
eur/cad 2L +  75

gbp/usd,    +101
nzd/chf         + 45
STRADDLE TRADE

Too many open trades will not take one today.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/chf,    -26

chf/jpy,      -81

eur/aud           -27

eur/cad,     -26

eur/usd did not enter yet

eur/gbp,  -179 L2 -73

eur/jpy,    -194  L2 -8

gbp/chf    -305  2L -128  3L 0 Price is at R line on the daily so took a 3rd position

usd/chf  -111

usd/jpy  +5

TOTALS

total for day           +221
for the week         +278
for the month   +939

Carry over             -1153

primary trades
BUYS   nzd/jpy,
SELLS aud/nzd, gbp/nzd

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that [/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Thank you, I hope we have been helpful.

Bob

--- 帖子 #937 ---
I took the gbp/nzd but now wish I hadnt. I will reenter around the 300 mark on that one because it is so volatile. Missed some bigger profits by closing out early but had too many trades going. Eur/jpy needs to turn or retrace but the other trades I feel good about. The NZD is showing primary trades but it is getting so badly crushed right now I am not taking anymore trades on it today. The others are iffy to me so I am just staying put with my trades. Caught a nice retrace on the gbp/chf hopefully it will fall some more. I have banked enough profit this month that if I need to use some of it to get out of some bad trades I can do that. Hopefully wont need to do that.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/chf, +35 boy did I close this too early
eur/aud  +10 hit my TS and then went up and up sheesh
eur/cad, +10 hit my TS and then went up some more

gbp/chf +87

usd/jpy  +22
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd -51

chf/jpy,      -120  2L 0

eur/usd  -38

eur/gbp,  -146 L2 -40

eur/jpy,    -323  L2 -165  L3 0

gbp/chf    -187  2L -10

nzd/jpy, -164 2L 0

gbp/nzd -271 maybe should have stayed away from this one ???

usd/chf  -99

TOTALS

total for day           +164
for the week         +442
for the month   +1103

Carry over             -1614

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Open Positions:

aud/nzd: - 75

usd/cad: - 65

Closed positions:

usd/chf: +20

gpb/chf: +4 should have added another level yesterday at the R line.

I stayed away from the nzd pairs (aside from the aud/nzd) because of the volatility.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
I took a gbp/nzd trade at the R line and it made my day. Other than that prices were fairly stagnate. Did get enough movement to break even out of the gbp/chf trade.

Monday trades, lots of them but dont get too many NZD or JPY trades. You dont want to be overloaded in any group just in case they keep running. So pick and choose your poison. I am going to straddle trade the gbp/nzd. I think I am crazy but all the NZD are overbought/oversold so time for a change of direction.
TAKE PROFITS
eur/usd   +29

eur/gbp,  +37

gbp/chf       +95  -39  -51

gbp/nzd   +140 took a 2nd level at R line worked out
STRADDLE TRADE

I may be nuts but I am going to straddle trade the gbp/nzd
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/nzd -65

chf/jpy,      -169  2L -45

eur/gbp,  -54

eur/jpy,    -356  L2 -204  L3 0-37

nzd/jpy, -203

gbp/nzd -316

usd/chf  -99

TOTALS

total for day           +211
for the week         +653
for the month   +1304

Carry over             -1548

primary trades
BUYS   usd/jpy nzd/usd nzd/chf nzd/jpy gbp/jpy aud/jpy
SELLS usd/cad eur/nzd

maybes eur/cad eur/aud
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that

--- 帖子 #940 ---
With the nzd interest rate news tomorrow I am dropping out of all those positions. I will get out of the aud/nzd and nzd/jpy today at my best exit. I closed all the others. Thank you gbp/jpy for the nice move to clean out some of my not so good trades. USA is also having interest rate day but they arent going to change so I will keep those trades.  Took some L2 & L3 profits and glad I did on the chf/jpy and eur/jpy. Cut my DD in half so happy with that. Not much in new trades today.
TAKE PROFITS

eur/aud didnt take the trade but it would have been 40-50 pips dont ask me why I took all the others and not this one

aud/jpy      +30

chf/jpy,   2L +30
eur/jpy,   L3 +53

eur/nzd  +10 moved my SL to +10

gbp/jpy  +152

usd/jpy       +12
STRADDLE TRADE

it didnt break support so closed out for a small loss on gbp/nzd see below
CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/gbp,  -48

gbp/nzd -162  2L  -3

nzd/usd  - 05

nzd/chf  - 10
OPEN TRADES
aud/nzd -65

chf/jpy,      -101

eur/cad -32

eur/jpy,    -293  L2 -133

gbp/nzd 0 (I took this trade again at the R line put a stop on the other side because I dont want to get deep into it again. But thought it was worth taking a chance. If it moves down real good I may use it to take out the eur/jpy trade if it doesnt move anywhere) Planning my exits

nzd/jpy, -145

usd/cad -10

usd/chf  -71

TOTALS

total for day           +59
for the week         +59
for the month   +1363

Carry over             -850

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS gbp/usd gbp/nzd (I took this trade again at the R line put a tight stop on the other side)

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS will take eur/nzd at R line today if it moves back up to it.

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that

--- 帖子 #941 ---
hello nanningbob! i have been watching your thread from the beginning i believe. this is my first post here. i am very impressed with your results. unfortunately, i have no time whatsoever for the next 4 months to trade, but will learn your method someday

good luck with your trading!

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Thanks for the note. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Still holding aud/nzd position, as well as usd/cad...

it was australia day yesterday so I was out doing things, instead of exiting positions!! lol.

Will add another level to the usd/cad position soon.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Took out my L1 eur/jpy, nice run by the gbp/usd yesterday. Jpy loses ground today would be a good day.  Beginning to live with this 100:1 leverage, so far so good. Brought my profit level down a bit using smaller lots but surviving up to this point. This eur/jpy trade is reminding me of the eur/usd trade in December.
TAKE PROFITS

gbp/usd   +75
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/jpy L1 -434
OPEN TRADES
aud/nzd -118 2L 0

chf/jpy,      -224 2L -11

eur/cad -26

eur/jpy,   L2 -283 L3 -19
eur/nzd   -13

gbp/nzd -44

nzd/jpy, -210 2L 0

usd/cad -174  2L-10

usd/chf  -135  2L 0

TOTALS

total for day    -359
for the week   -300
for the month   +1063

Carry over                -1267

primary trades
BUYS usd/jpy gbp/jpy aud/jpy
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS aud/cad

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that

--- 帖子 #945 ---
For a quiet day not bad. hopefully we can end the week on an upnote.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/cad  +38

aud/nzd 2L +44

gbp/jpy +66

usd/jpy  +28
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/nzd -104

aud/jpy  -15

chf/jpy,      -225 2L -12

eur/cad  +1

eur/jpy,   L2 -283 L3 -19
eur/nzd   -13

gbp/nzd -144

nzd/jpy, -238 2L -9

usd/cad -209  2L-45

usd/chf  -170  2L -35

TOTALS

total for day +176
for the week   -124
for the month   +1239

Carry over                -1520

primary trades
BUYS aud/usd
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS gbp/chf

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Quiet week for me - didn't take any of the nzd trades as it is too volatile for my trading right now.

Still holding about -300 in draw down, looking for next week to start trading better.

I definately havn't been putting enough effort in. thus my result are suffereing. Will get back into it next week.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Yesterday was a good day but also a disappointing day. I took some profit trades and let some others run. They did not run and I lost some good opportunities to close out a couple of minimal loss trades. Hopefully we will get similar runs today and I will close them out. Eur/nzd was the one exception, nice run, I almost closed it out early. I am about ready to burn the eur/jpy in effigy. Looks like a nice double bottom today though.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/usd  +0 I got a bad entrance on this one so closed out for no gain. nice run though if you took it 50+ pips

aud/jpy +67

eur/cad  +58

eur/jpy  L3 +47
eur/nzd   +160

gbp/chf  +24
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/nzd -111 Last time this was going no where I closed out and then it dropped 200 pips Holding on this time

chf/jpy,      -267 2L -54 roll over and play dead.

eur/jpy,   L2 -377 new L3 0

gbp/nzd -146

nzd/jpy, -254 2L -25 I could have closed this out for a minimal loss, I probably should have.

usd/cad -219  2L-55 see nzd/jpy above. Same thing dumb.

usd/chf  -196  2L -71

TOTALS

total for day +356
for the week +232
for the month   +1595

Carry over                -1775

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS   nzd/usd aud/usd aud/jpy

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Hi Bob,

Would you mind share more details on your hedging method ? I think if we have a non US brokerthat allow hedging. Your method could bring more pips to everyone, thnakyou in advance.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Go to Trading the aud/nzd successfully thread for that one.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
I need about 150 pips of retrace to BE on the EUR/JPY trade thanks to taking profits on a L3 trade retrace on that pair monday.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
I've been looking at a (5)SMA,(8)SMA cross as a trigger for your EA's as opposed to the 3,3 cross.  Can I get your expertise on the changes needed in the code? This is at the end of the Buy EA.

//---- BUY MOVING AVERAGE

double    Var6 = iMA(NULL, PERIOD_H4,  3, 0, MODE_LWMA, PRICE_CLOSE,  0);

double    Var7 = iMA(NULL, PERIOD_H4,  3, 1, MODE_LWMA, PRICE_OPEN,  0);

Var6 = iMA(NULL, PERIOD_H4,  3, 0, MODE_LWMA, PRICE_CLOSE,  0);

Var7 = iMA(NULL, PERIOD_H4,  3, 1, MODE_LWMA, PRICE_OPEN,  0);

//---- lot setting and modifications

//buy order

if(  Var 6 > Var 7  )

If I make these changes(changes in bold) will the EA buy when the (5)SMA crosses up over the (8) SMA?

//---- BUY MOVING AVERAGE

double    Var6 = iMA(NULL, PERIOD_H4,  5, 0, MODE_SMA, PRICE_CLOSE,  0);

double    Var7 = iMA(NULL, PERIOD_H4,  8, 1, MODE_SMA, PRICE_OPEN,  0);

Var6 = iMA(NULL, PERIOD_H4,  5, 0, MODE_SMA, PRICE_CLOSE,  0);

Var7 = iMA(NULL, PERIOD_H4,  8, 1, MODE_SMA, PRICE_OPEN,  0);

//---- lot setting and modifications

//buy order

if (  Var 6 > Var 7   )

thank you

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Yes that is how it is done. Good job. I have gone to Bei Hai with a friend and the internet here is very spotty. Cant stay online long enough to post my trades. Will try now again. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Take Profits:aud/nzd     +23chf/jpy L3  +43eur/jpy L3  +95gbp/nzd     +1 OPEN Trades: aud/usd -100chf/jpy,  -267 2L 0eur/jpy,   L2 -379 new L3 0 Playing that bottom S line again  nzd/jpy, -246 2L -17usd/cad -239  2L-75 usd/chf  -286  2L -151  L3 0Profit for the day:  162carry over: -1690Sorry I cant post more but the internet is troblesome at this hotel. Unless it gets better I probably wont open any new trades today. I will be back in two days. Gonna enjoy some days off.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Thanks for all your input but I would like to point out, no matter what MA cross you use, you will always get a peeker trade. In other words price will cross and then uncross. The larger the numbers you use the longer it takes for price to enter and then a lot of the move could be gone. I have tried many different combos. However, doing these things will be an immense help in learning price movement and reaction and you will learn a lot by doing these things. It could be possible you may get fewer DD but you may also find out the profitable trades arent as profitable. The number of pips wont be as big. So when ever you gain in one area you will be giving something up in another.

I am working on an EA that will move the stop loss to 0 and then +10 after x amount of pips and also trades only one time and then quits. So far cant get all the pieces working and the guy working on it cant do it now. So it wont stop all the peekers but the more we eliminate the better off we will be.  Good luck.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
I know what you mean by the peeker trades. Crosses and recrosses occur often inside a 4HR candle.  Right now I'm manually testing this 5,8 cross at the close of the candle with just a 50 TP. This after red line is at extreme and price is in upper or lower 1/3 of chart. You'll still get peeker trades at candle close but far less of them. So far what I've seen is you can almost always take 50 pips with a L1(TP set for 50) or L2 (TP set for around 100) and the 5,8 gives much better entry points when a pair goes on a long run without a retrace. That said, I still like the idea your working on and hope your programer can help you soon. I'll be looking at a 5,8 cross with that idea also.

By the way, Go Markets AUS. emailed me back yesterday saying they now accept US. citizens and offer up to 500:1 leverage. I don't know if you saw my question in the broker section entitled who's offering more leverage. Was trying to figure out weither FX SOL AUS or GO MARKETS had the better deal with leverage. FX S. offers 400:1 leverage with a margin call at 0% margin level and GO M. offers 500:1 leverage with a margin call at 100% margin level. Go M. has much better spreads.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Hey nanningbob, I just want to drop in and say hello and congratulate you to this great approach!

I totally agree with your observations but still have a few questions about your recovery stuff:

You wrote that you would use the recovery system to get out of the whole positions with a small win (or small loss) and therfore increase the positions size with a level 2 entry (and level 3). As far as I see you just use always the same positions sizes and close a level 2/3 for a profit if you see some but leave the other positions open? I guess you reenter the level 2/3 positions if it goes against your direction again? So you normally don't close the complete positions (and use cost averaging)? Why not?

--- 帖子 #957 ---
//---- BUY MOVING AVERAGE

double    Var6 = iMA(NULL, PERIOD_H4,  5, 0, MODE_SMA, PRICE_CLOSE,  0);

double    Var7 = iMA(NULL, PERIOD_H4,  8, 1, MODE_SMA, PRICE_CLOSE,  0);

Var6 = iMA(NULL, PERIOD_H4,  5, 0, MODE_SMA, PRICE_CLOSE,  0);

Var7 = iMA(NULL, PERIOD_H4,  8, 1, MODE_SMA, PRICE_CLOSE,  0);

//---- lot setting and modifications

//buy order                                                                                                                                                                             I changed the code to look like this but EA opened trade as soon as the 5,8 crossed. It didn't wait until the 4H candle closed. Do you know what else I'd have to change for EA to wait until candle close and then recognize the cross? thanks

--- 帖子 #958 ---
In my downloads I have the same size lot philosophy but I have been using a progressive reentrance that works like this. If I originally played L1 5, L2 5, L3 5 that equals 15. Now I can play 3, 5, 8 which equals 16. This gives me smaller DD and quicker recovery. I dont need as many pips to 0 out a  position but the total amount does not change. I am finding this slightly less profitable but much easier to erase a DD. The maximum amount of positions I am in in any trade is 3. After testing various martingale philosophies, 3 positions max seemed to give me the best return of risk to reward ratio. My win percentage is over 70% and I hit my  SL of around + - 400 maybe 1-3 times a month on an average. I usually will win 1500-2500 pips a month so my monthly total always looks good. December was my one losing month but that was an extreme move I had not see before and dont expect to see that type of move again. In other words that was a very rare move of the forex to trend for 3 or more weeks without a major retracement on so many pairs at one time. Good luck trading.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Had a good day yesterday but my computer at this hotel has shut down on my 2 times this morning. It took me almost 30 minutes to do one post soooooooooo......... I am going home this morning and will post all my updates in about 5-6 hours. Sorry guys, I really apologize. I am going home.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
just closed my aud/nzd position for +25 ish ahead of AU interest rate news.

Missed a fair few trades early yesterday as i was busy sleeping !!!

--- 帖子 #961 ---
surprise decision by the RBA to leave Australian interest rates on hold...would have been another 100+ pips if I held the aud/nzd trade.

What can you do? I did make the smarter move, only this time it didn't pay off.

--- 帖子 #962 ---
That happens all the time in Forex. If you are a news trader it can  be great. The guy that trained me was a news trader. After one month I felt I would have a heart attack by the end of the year so I quit news trading. Not for me.  If you have emotions of steel it can be done.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
I am back in the saddle again. Nice having a computer that works. Will post Monday stuff this post and Tuesday stuff in the next. So this is old news. However, I like the 1757 total pips for the month.

TAKE PROFITS

aud/nzd +23

chf/jpy L3 +43

eur/jpy L3 +95

gbp/nzd +1
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/usd -100

chf/jpy, -267 2L 0

eur/jpy, L2 -379 new L3 0 Playing that bottom S line again http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/s.../yim/happy.gif

nzd/jpy, -246 2L -17

usd/cad -239 2L-75

usd/chf -286 2L -151 L3 0

TOTALS

total for day +162
for the week +394
for the month   +1757

Carry over  -1690

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS   nzd/usd aud/usd aud/jpy

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that

--- 帖子 #964 ---
OK catching up here. I didnot turn on my EAs on Monday because I was out of town so I only managed open trades. The following picks from Friday would have made small profits but I dont know how much oh well too bad for me. nzd/usd aud/usd aud/jpy

TAKE PROFITS

chf/jpy   2L +60

eur/jpy   L3 +117

usd/chf  L3 +37
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
aud/usd -28 Was tempted to keep this trade but closed it rather than taking a chance with the interest rate story.
OPEN TRADES

chf/jpy,    -215

eur/jpy, L2 -260 run Forest run, just keep going

nzd/jpy, -180 2L -29 I made a mistake in reporting this a -100 pips negative. Corrected it with this post.

usd/cad -183 2L-28

usd/chf -261 2L -125 L3 0

TOTALS

total for day   +186
for the week   +186
for the month  +186

Carry over     -1281

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS usd/jpy

I will wait on the aud until the news story settles down.

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that [/quote]

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Quiet day not much happened, just some little stuff. Missed all the rebounds from the AUD but I never trust interest rate stories so stayed off of them.

TAKE PROFITS

nzd/jpy 2L +7

usd/jpy +27

usd/cad  2L +29
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

chf/jpy,    -220

eur/jpy, L2 -221

nzd/jpy, -145

usd/cad -127

usd/chf -219 2L -93 L3 +13

TOTALS

total for day   +63
for the week   +247
for the month  +247

Carry over     -1012

primary trades
BUYS aud/nzd  nzd/chf (maybe, very so so, if it goes higher I will enter but not yet.)
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that [/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #966 ---
very quiet day indeed.

aud/nzd is the only trade i can see coming up - will get in on the 3x3 cross.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
When you get a chance can you respond to post 957. thanks

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Sorry I missed your question. This EA is run on Tick value. Here is the line in the code:

PipValue=MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_TICKVALUE);

I dont know how you would change this but I looked at the different mode values and if you changed this to MODE_OPEN I think this would change it to the next bar open. You test that on a demo and find out.

In other EAs you have to turn the Tick value to off and then it reads by bars. For example in another EA it has this function:

extern bool EachTickMode = True;

You would then put it to false and then the EA would operate according to the bars on the chart you are using.

My suggestion would be is to have a regular MA cross EA that does not reenter (mult-level or martingale EA) You could change the Magic number and use multiple EAs to have the multi-level effect. For example EA #1 would be .01 magic number 1; EA #2 would be .02 and magic number 2 and so on. If price enters on the first EA and then uncrosses you could then put the 2nd EA on and then it would enter a 2nd level at the new cross. A multilevel approach using MA crosses but using regular EAs. Since you would have several magic numbers at once you would need a third EA that would close all trades when PT is reached or set the PT manually or have each EA have its on PT. I will probably go to this idea when I get my new EA ready for my 4H system. It allows me to reenter off of price movement instead of a fixed number and then you could set a profit target.

Here is a universal MA cross EA I have used from time to time.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Thanks for trying Bob but your suggestion to change the mode to OPEN doesn't work either when compiled. EA still trading before bar close. Man I wish I could program.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
OK try this then: MA set at 1, shift 0, MA method SIMPLE, and MODE to open. The MA 1 line will only move to the next candle at the open. So your logic could go like this.

Scenario #1:

If MA1 OPEN is > MA5 & MA8 Buy

OR

Scenario #2:

If MA1 OPEN is > MA5 & MA5 > MA8 BUY

That should work and then you are telling the EA to only trade at the open of the candle. This logic should work on any EA. Good Luck.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
I think you were on the right trail when you were looking at this line   PipValue=MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_T  ICKVALUE);

Changing TICKVALUE to OPEN didn't work but I tried changing it to CLOSE and the EA is waiting now. Will let you know for sure later.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Actually you are right. Once that candle opens during that period it is always open so it will trade. Doing the close makes the candle wait until close before the EA works. Gee you are better than me.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Thank you aud/nzd, nice run. Woke this morning and saw this beautiful run of 100+. Take your profit because if the AUD news is bad in the next half hour it will come back down. HMMMMMMMMMM Once in a while you walk into one. I had posted the nzd/chf as a buy accidentally but it was a sell. It too would have been a nice trade but I didnt take it. Oh well. Sorry about the mistake. I also took the EUR/CHF later in the day for +30 but did not post it so I am not adding it here. Everything else is playing dead. Good day to play the BB on the 5M or 15M chart.

TAKE PROFITS

aud/nzd +140
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

chf/jpy,    -208

eur/jpy, L2 -176

nzd/jpy, -240

usd/cad -175

usd/chf -260 2L -134 L3 -31

TOTALS

total for day   +140
for the week   +387
for the month  +387

Carry over     -1224

primary trades
BUYS
SELLS usd/jpy

chf/jpy  (I am putting a hedge trade on this one, if it doesnt break R line then I have protected my self) So putting the sell EA on.

Secondary trades
BUYS gbp/usd

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that [/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #974 ---
I am adding some trades during the EURO session so they will count in my totals. Now when I say this it means I have turned the EA on. It doesnt mean I am entering the trade. I am letting the EA do that. My theory is if the news story breaks in my favor, I will do well. If not then the EA wont enter. Almost every trade is a Secondary trade. See ya later.     BUYS-- nzd/usd, gbp/usd, eur/cad,    SELLS-- gbd/nzd, eur/nzd, eur/usd, eur/aud, aud/nzd

--- 帖子 #975 ---
I spoke too soon. Changing TICK VALUE to CLOSE doesn't make the EA wait until candle close to access weither there was a cross of MA's. I thought my platform was waiting for the cross after candle close but  it wasn't trading because my demo had finished it's 30 day life span. So I'll try to figure out how to add the other changes Bob talked about and see if that works.

--- 帖子 #976 ---
OK that was ugly. Glad I took that hedge on the chf/jpy, wish I had done it with the eur/jpy. Now we have to get to work. I have 709 pips pocketed for the week so lets use some of that to get myself out of trouble here. I will wait until after the jpy session, see what retracements I get. All the news is bad and all the news reports are saying USD news will be good tonight. I have seen them sand bag traders before. I dont believe them. So the market moved very unusally to overbought/sold positions the day before, very unusual. hmmmmmmmmmmmm. Gonna sit tight for now.
TAKE PROFITS

aud/nzd +10

chf/jpy +137

usd/jpy +175
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

chf/jpy,    -422 L2 0 (the hedged saved me on this one, wish I had done this with the eur/jpy also.)

eur/aud -104

eur/cad  -13

eur/jpy, L2 -534  L3 0

eur/nzd, -85

eur/usd not entered

nzd/jpy, -441 L2 0 L3 0 doubled up on this one, only need 100 pips retracement to get out at even.

gbp/nzd -200 L2 0

gbp/usd not entered

nzd/usd not entered EA turned off not taken.

usd/cad -278 L2 0

usd/chf -338 2L -212 L3 -109

TOTALS

total for day   +322
for the week   +709
for the month  +709

Carry over     -2736 biggest DD I have ever carried. Not good.

primary trades
I have too many trades to add anymore but practically all the currencies are overbought or oversold. That is a good sign of turnaround. So pick and choose wisely.  BUYS
SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that [/quote][/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Sheesh, finally the daily S line held, it is the only reason I am holding some of these trades past the 400 pip line looking for price to retrace here. Hope I am right.  I also began checking my weekly support levels and found a whole bunch of currencies right at the S line on the weekly and took the trades manually at the Weekly S line. A bunch of them are showing small profits so that is going to help. So that is my logic. You may want to take a look at all the currencies you are in or ones you may want to take. Weekly S line would be a great entrance and the start of digging myself out here. If they S/R levels dont hold I will have to take out all 4 level 1 trade of chf/jpy, eur/jpy, nzd/jpy and usd/chf. That will bring my DD to more acceptable levels and we go on. It will put me in a losing situation for the month but I can overcome those losses and still make a profit for the month. It will be around 1800 pip loss with 949 in the bank. I will have enough month left to over come a 800 pip negative so maybe it looks bad now but its not a problem that can be overcome. So playing the Weekly S/R lines and if they bounce I keep my profits. If they dont my loss is not disasterous but can be overcome. One of the things in trading is having a plan and that is my plan. I just dont close out losses without a plan of getting out. So my plan is weekly S/R lines hold, stay in, they dont hold get out.
TAKE PROFITS

eur/nzd, +28

gbp/nzd  L1 +64 L2 +83

nzd/jpy,  L2 +20 L3 +11 hit my TS

usd/cad  L2 +34
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
chf/jpy -1 hit my trailing stop I then reentered at support again.
OPEN TRADES

aud/cad +10

aud/usd +54

chf/jpy,    -461 L2 +17

eur/aud -25

eur/cad +14 (set trailing stop at 25 so if it breaks the S line I will lose 11 otherwise I will ride this one up)

eur/jpy, L2 -588  L3 -45

eur/usd -48

gbp/jpy +10

gbp/usd -101

nzd/jpy, -446 L4 -48

usd/cad -156

usd/chf -400 2L -273 L3 -68 L4 +50

TOTALS

total for day     +240
for the week  +949
for the month  +949

Carry over     -2436

primary trades
I may have too many trades going but these are at their weekly S levels so I am taking them. There is no such thing as a perfect trade but these are too good to pass up right now. Some of them I already entered when they hit the S/R level.
BUYS aud/jpy, aud/usd, gbp/jpy
SELLS usd/cad at weekly R level

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Sheesh, finally the daily S line held, it is the only reason I am holding some of these trades past the 400 pip line looking for price to retrace here. Hope I am right.

I also began checking my weekly support levels and found a whole bunch of currencies right at the S line on the weekly and took some trades manually at the Weekly S line. A bunch of them are showing small profits so that is going to help. So that is my logic. You may want to take a look at all the currencies you are in or ones you may want to take. Weekly S line would be a great entrance and then start digging myself out here. If the S/R levels dont hold I will have to take out all 4 level 1 trade of chf/jpy, eur/jpy, nzd/jpy and usd/chf. That will bring my DD to more acceptable levels and we go on. It will put me in a losing situation for the month but I can overcome those losses and still make a profit for the month. It will be around 1800 pip loss with 949 in the bank. I will have enough month left to over come a 800 pip negative so maybe it looks bad now but its not a problem that cant be overcome. So playing the Weekly S/R lines and if they bounce I keep my profits.

If they dont my loss is not disastrous but can be overcome. One of the things in trading is having a plan and that is my plan. I just dont close out losses without a plan of getting out. So my plan is weekly S/R lines hold, stay in, they dont hold get out.
TAKE PROFITS

eur/nzd, +28

gbp/nzd  L1 +64 L2 +83

nzd/jpy,  L2 +20 L3 +11 hit my TS

usd/cad  L2 +34
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
chf/jpy -1 hit my trailing stop I then reentered at support again.
OPEN TRADES

aud/cad +10

aud/usd +54

chf/jpy,    -461 L2 +17

eur/aud -25

eur/cad +14 (set trailing stop at 25 so if it breaks the S line I will lose 11 otherwise I will ride this one up)

eur/jpy, L2 -588  L3 -45

eur/usd -48

gbp/jpy +10

gbp/usd -101

nzd/jpy, -446 L4 -48

usd/cad -156

usd/chf -400 2L -273 L3 -68 L4 +50

TOTALS

total for day     +240
for the week  +949
for the month  +949

Carry over     -2436

primary trades
I may have too many trades going but these are at their weekly S levels so I am taking them. There is no such thing as a perfect trade but these are too good to pass up right now. Some of them I already entered when they hit the S/R level.
BUYS aud/jpy, aud/usd, gbp/jpy
SELLS usd/cad at weekly R level

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that

--- 帖子 #979 ---
I am excited, I have what I have been looking for in a trade manager program:

Go to this website for explanations on how it works:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=89371

In a nutshell this program will manage all or part of your trades according to what inputs you want. Some but not all of the things it does is:
Multi-purpose trade manager – instructions for use

This ea supervises open trades and offers these facilities for:

● selected individual trades;

● groups of trades linked by a common magic number or comment;

● or all trades

● Moves the stop loss at appropriate intervals – to breakeven, jumping stop, trailing stop.

● Offers the option to hide the stop from the broker; likewise the take profit.

● Close all open trades when the upl reaches a set target; this can include pending orders.

● Part-closure (50%) when the price reaches a set target.

● Hedge-trade opening for trades that are going bad.

● Equity protection: close all open trades when upl hits a specified level.

By default, all options are set to 'false', so the ea will do nothing until you choose some

In other words I can set this EA to my EAs magic number or all my trades and it will automatically move my SL up to 0 after x amount of pips, then +10 after x amount of pips and then every 50 pips (or any chosen number) it will move 50 pips. You can have  it do a MT4 trailing stop or a jump stop where it doesnt move until price moves 50 pips (or any other number) Anyway read the material, test it on a demo and let me know how it works I will be trying it out. I have had several trades, (in fact, most of my deep DD trades started quickly in profit 20-50 pips) then reversed. This program would catch the minimum profit of +10 or breakeven and then we could reenter at the next cross. This will also need an EA that trades once and quit and we have one of those. In other words if the Hopwood EA closes a trade you dont need the EA reentering on you again at that  point. So test it out and let me know.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Here is a 3x3 cross sell and buy ea. There are both 4D and 5D versions. None of these EAs have been tried on a live or live demo account so do not live trade them until proven. But these EAs should trade one time and quit. They should not reenter once closed. You would need to turn off the EA and restart it on that currency for it to trade again. Good luck. Once we get this all working then we can work on a way to run multi-level trades.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Thanks Bob. This addition should add some protection against those long runners that don't want to reverse. Take the small profit and wait for the stronger reversal later. Just to add my two cents, I've been looking at another way to decide when to add a L2 or L3  to a trade that goes against you. As I described in earlier posts, I like to trade this system manually with a TP set at 50. I'm entering when I'm seeing first that red, white and blue are at extremes. Price is at top or bottom 1/3 of chart and RSI(8) shows divergence. My idea of when to enter another level is wait until divergence happens a second time instead of just jumping in at a fixed 150-200 pips step. This may help keep DD smaller by trying to reenter at a spot that is more likely to see some reversal. The chart below shows an example. I waited until close of red candles to confirm divergence. First level trade was a no go but second level trade was a winner.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Hi Bob

keep up the good work. I am glad you are using steve`s mptm. do check his other threads, in particular the Scooby BOJ thread it has great insight especially with regard to xxxjpy pairs. Also his schlossberg thread has exciting new ideas.

kind regards

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Not a bad idea. I am going to put that on my chart and try. I just need to know if the one trade and stop EA will work??

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Yeah gonna have to read more of his stuff. That MPTM ea looks dynamite, may solve maybe 70-80 % of my DD problems. Almost all big DD runs could have closed for a small profit if I had had a break even SL setup. If it works well you could play more MA crosses with that EA backing you up. ON a 4H chart most crosses will go 50 plus pips.

Also, I need something like what he has for my follow the trend system I have been trying to develop. Looks good to me.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Thanks to magnumfreak this indicator will come in handy. It's supposed to divide your  chart into equal thirds and update every tick. With markets closed now, you'll have to refresh if you scroll or change the scaling.http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/attach/mq4.gif Thirds.mq4

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Aha, that is what I was looking for, now add some features and away we go.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
hi bob just finished reading your thread. G/J lookin like a great setup for a long. wishing every1 many pips!

--- 帖子 #988 ---
I'm not making many trades with this system lately, things just dont seem to be setting up properly.

Added a aud/usd sell last night and sitting on -32, and still on a usd/cad trade at -300, should have bought a second level a long time ago but it just didnt look like setting up for a reversal (and it hasn't!).

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Nice day as far as profits go but still waiting for retracements on some pairs to get out on. Thinking of using my profits to take out the eur/jpy and nzd/jpy. Maybe after the jpy session, see how it goes. I want to dump 3 of my L1 instead of two so maybe wait a bit more. Forex is such a waiting game.  Took all those 50+ pip profits yesterday. I know Monday will almost never move the markets much. Wed. is a big news day so I want to unload some of this deficit.
TAKE PROFITS

aud/cad +18

aud/usd +86

chf/jpy, L2 +43

eur/cad +54

eur/jpy,   L3 +68

usd/chf L4 +68
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/aud -23
OPEN TRADES

aud/jpy, -83

chf/jpy,    -476 L2 -43

eur/jpy, L2 -600 L4 0

eur/usd -57

gbp/jpy -64

gbp/usd -148 L2 0

nzd/jpy, -487 L4 -107

usd/cad -202  L2 0

usd/chf -396 2L -269 L3 -64

TOTALS

total for day     +314
for the week  +314
for the month  +1263

Carry over     -2996
primary trades
BUYS gbp/chf
SELLS aud/nzd
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS eur/nzd

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
The system doesnt determine the market, the market has a mind of its own. What we try to do during these times is breakeven. So that is what I may end up doing here. We are in these long non retracing trends, which are unusual in that they are going for weeks at a time. What it means is businesses arent doing business and that is not good no matter what the politicians are telling us. When countries are trading prices moves up and down with each major transaction but we are seeing that this is not happening. So we will try to ride this out until better days come.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
I am adding this to my chart but RSI 8 divergence looks good to me. I was taught on MACD divergence but you rarely see that on a 4H chart. RSI divergence looks like a winner though. Here is a pic. Notice A1 higher highs on price action but lower highs on RSI. B1 Double bottom on chart but higher lows on RSI. Looks good Toothman, great idea. Entrance then can be anyplace above or equal to A1 or Lower than or equal too B1. Try to enter as close to the highs or lows you can get. Not a bad idea. Or a pending order at the break in the S/R level at this point.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
I put gold lines where S/R is so anyplace around that line would be a great entrance instead of the cross. You would manually enter the trades for now. I will be thinking of an entrance EA and how to do that. I have an idea on how to code that.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Would love to find an EA that would trade on RSI divergence but the only thing I could ever dig up was indicators that would alert on macd or stoch. divergence. I'm almost to the point that I'd pay a good programmer to do this for me.  The one thing I'd add Bob that I like to do is wait for a candle close in the opposite direction to confirm divergence. Good luck with the coding on the entrance EA.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Yeah, I understand it's the markets fault etc!!!

Things are looking weird, that is for sure.

The RSI 8 divergence is good, I have been using it for a while myself.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Yeah, there is no such thing as a system that works all the time. There are thousands of threads started that show some system that will work for most of the time or during certain market conditions but there are none that are 100%. What I have tried to do with this system is to be honest about its shortcomings and showing how to get out of those bad periods. I have not enjoyed the great success since about mid December and that is because we are getting these long unretracing or minimum retracing trends. To me if I can pass these tests without major damage or breakeven to my account then I have the system down pretty good. Once again just like yesterday I am sitting on a bunch of 40-50 pip profits and I wonder, do I take them or will price finally break? I mean I could bank another 200+ pips now or do I let them ride. This is really difficult decision to make when the market just isnt reversing now. Yet I need a good move to get out of my jam. I need several currencies to do 150-250 pip runs which usually are not hard to get but recently its been tough. I dont think I have pocketed very many 100 pip runs lately and usually you get quite a few in a months time. Well we will see what happens.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
mayb u could try going with the flow. applying trending systems during trend time and then reverting back to your system when it counter-trends again. though im not trading your system(4hrs is too long for me, conflicts with my personality) but i have adopted your recovery system n its a god-sent. i made 3 trades today all went against me(mayb my system sux) but applying ur system let me got out with +ve $$ even tho its -ve pips.

many cheers to u and i hope the countertrending days will return for u! happy CNY.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
I like this system, as Ive said numerous times before!!!

Lots of trades to be taken last night on the USD pairs, however I only took the aud/usd for +50, after it came back down and hit my trailing stop. I usually dont use trailing stops for that reason, but I needed to lock in some profit.

--- 帖子 #998 ---
whoo boy!! I love it when a plan falls together, Great day. Took all my profits and  protected my Jan profit (remember I carried a large DD from  Jan) and have protected my Feb profit. That is how you eliminate a big DD. Ok. new day. Maybe should have stayed in the JPY trades but I had my out and took it. I based all my decisions on S/R lines and the 50MA. Price will either bounce off the 50 or go through. I didnt want to find out if it bounced because if it does you could have a big drop again which is what happened to me last time. Ok now the funny thing is I saw no new trades today so I am going to go relax.  I took my 800+ pips and used them to eliminate my DD. I may take some trades crossing the MA 50 later today. I am probably going to spend the rest of my week getting version 3 ready. I am demo testing it now.
TAKE PROFITS

aud/jpy, +67

chf/jpy, +43

eur/jpy, L4 +132

eur/usd  +74
eur/nzd +92

gbp/jpy  +144

gbp/usd -24 L2 +118

nzd/jpy,  L4 +59

usd/cad   L2 +60

usd/chf   L3 +68
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
gbp/chf  -13

chf/jpy,    -363

eur/jpy, L2 -420

nzd/jpy, -339
OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd +10

usd/cad -130

usd/chf -324 2L -197

TOTALS

total for day -302
for the week  +12
for the month  +961

Carry over     -641
primary trades
BUYS
SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin.

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Thanks for the good word. I have tried trend trading and all I did was get my brains bashed in. LOL Counter trading is the only way I have stayed profitable month after month. I know price will retrace, it is a given, but the trend once you see it, it may be done and then .............. SL time again. I am glad you like my recovery system, I have never tried using that with a trending system. Maybe that is the answer for that too. hmmmmmmmm. Will consider it........... maybe ...............Good luck.

CNY boom boom bang bang all night long. They start shooting fireworks off 5 or 6 pm and stop around 6 or 7 the next morning. We having nothing like it in the USA. I worked for Disney World for 12 years and I thought they had some of the best fireworks shows in the USA. They are puny compared to what goes on here. Unbelievable. Good luck trading.

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Here is a pic of the eur/jpy trade that was so much trouble. After watching these kind of trends, I have come up with a way to handle them and will publish my ver 3 hopefully this weekend. I found a way to pick up the trade at all the orange arrows and you are going to love it. Demo the EAs etc now making sure everything works. Anyway a trend trader will be jumping up and down saying follow the trend, follow the trend. The problem is when did the trend start? How long will it last? and when and where should you get out or get in? In my pic I made a critical decision that the trend would continue once it passed the 50MA (white arrow). Well it didnt and I ended up with a big DD. I could have exited my trades there (eur/jpy, chf/jpy, nzd/jpy) for small losses. Instead I stayed in (followed the new trend ??) and got into trouble. I am again at this decision point and this time I closed out the trade. A trend trader has to decide to continue following the trend, but which way? Follow it up if it breaks the 50MA or play the bounce and follow the trend?? Tomorrow all over the world so called trend trader gurus will say didnt I tell you to follow the trend, see how it broke the 50MA and continued. See the H&S on the bottom and how it broke the previous swing high. You need to get in. OR See how price bounced of off the 50 MA and continued on the trend. Sell the rallies, how many times do I have to say sell the rallies. So what is it trend traders? answer me this? Is this a sell the rally for the DT will continue or buy the new trend, it broke the previous highs and has the candle and chart pattern buy, buy, buy or Get the picture. (see the aqua arrow) tomorrow they will have the answer. I want the answer today. My viewpoint is I stay out of the middle of the charts, dont know what will happen there.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Good call and good read, that was good for a couple hundred pips. Take your wife/husband out to dinner tonight.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
thanks! im only 18 so yea single and schooling. eagerly awaiting your V3. wishing u success in refining this great system.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
After a couple of really busy days the market is taking a breather. Almost all the currencies have moved to the center so we wait until something happens. The Pound is beginning to look good. So we try.
TAKE PROFITS

aud/nzd +1 I felt this trade was going nowhere and lost its signal.

aud/cad +41 took this trade during the USA session but not counted in the totals because I had not called it. But it gave me a breakeven day.
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
USD/CAD-78 2L +45 The RWB lines are all below 15 so I closed this trade out. I added a 2nd level when it crossed the MA 50. I thought this would be my best exit.
OPEN TRADES

usd/chf -344 2L -217 3L -41 I added a level when it crossed the MA 50

TOTALS

total for day -32
for the week  -20
for the month  +961

Carry over     -602
primary trades
BUYS gbp/nzd, gbp/chf, (aud/chf maybe if it goes higher on the chart)
SELLS eur/gbp
Secondary trades
BUYS gbp/usd

SELLS eur/cad

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Glad I exited that aud/nzd trade it sure took off in the wrong direction after I got out.  Good to see the markets starting to bounce around again. Time to make money. Now if I can just get enough of a retrace on the usd/chf to minimize my DD I am looking at a good 1st half of the month. I love it when the market bounces because my system really works best when it does.
TAKE PROFITS
eur/gbp +58 dang it kept going through support but I wanted to go to bed and not lose my profit. If you stay in 100+

gbp/chf, +96

gbp/nzd, +74

gbp/usd  +79

STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
eur/cad not entered yet

usd/chf -360 2L -233 3L -67

TOTALS

total for day +307
for the week +287
for the month  +1268

Carry over     -660
primary trades
BUYS  eur/aud, eur/cad
SELLS aud/chf, aud/nzd, aud/usd, aud/jpy (IFFY)

missed the nzd/chf (sleeping)
Secondary trades
BUYS eur/nzd I missed my first good entrance but if it retraces I will enter.

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin.[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Its 54 to 54. Get a lot of negative votes every time I get a DD. Then all of a sudden boom the profits roll in. Forex trading takes patience, its ok, I like making money.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Hey Bob, It looks like you've been in that usd/chf trade since Jan. 19th or 20th right? Since then you pocketed 173 pips on that pair but a current DD of 660 for a net of -487. Don't know what your swap was during that period; poss. or neg. I know this is hindsight and coulda, woulda,shoulda, but if we incorporate divergence into the picture, there would have been two trades in that period for at least 50 pips each (I'm using a 50 TP) and a possible 100+ pips each. Biggest DD was -45 pips. RWB lines at extreme, price in top 1/3 of chart and RSI divergence.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
I love your divergance and is being incorporated into Ver. 3 but for a little different reason. You will see. Ver. 3 entrances will eliminate a lot of the DD and will give us great opportunities during long drawn out trends. I will not be able to post version 3 this weekend because in my live testing I spotted some bugs. I have eliminated the bugs but I want to demo test one or more days to make sure all components are working. I have designed my own indicator for Ver. 3 and the programming is a little tricky. I made a mistake in the code but I think I have corrected it. Here is a pic of the new system with lines. Basically I have written a program that guess pretty close the next S/R line and tries to put an entrance near that point. From demo testing and pictures it looks like a real winner. Here is a pic of what I am trying to do with my new indicator. When I get this all done I will start a new thread so guys dont have to wade through all the previous material to get to it. Thanks buddy your suggestions have been a great help.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Here is a pic of what the new Ver. 3 will look like. I have a new indicator which is the red line high and red line low. The EA only enters when price breaks that line, so I think we have made a superior entrance point. Even if price goes against you for a while it wont for long. Had some real nice profits on the demo tests. Also added Hopwoods trade manager program. It will bring your SL to break even and then that eliminates suprise DD and peeker trades that sometimes happened with 3x3 cross, actually all MA crosses have this problem. So here are the rules.

1. New indicator #1 divides the screen into fourths (bold gold lines). We trade in the top and bottom 25%. Sell EA used only above this line. Buy EA used below this line. The EA only enters when price goes above this line by 1 pip. Gets you really a really good entrance I think. Shouldnt be much DD.

2. R,W,B lines near the top or bottom of the screen, also taking secondary trades.

3. RSI is above the 30 or below 70. Rule 3B. May always take trades above 90 or 10 RSI. I changed the 8 RSI to a 5. The position of the RSI doesnt change but the lines are more definitive. I have the old RSI 8 in  dotted lines for comparison.

4. Rule 4 is when we see divergance on the RSI, you can take half profit and go for the run up/down in price. You will put a 45 degree angle line on the RSI and stay in the trade until the RSI crosses that line. This is seen on trades 2 and 4. If you did this with the others it would not work as well.

5. Sell the Rallies, buy the dips. Trade 5 is a rally that came back to the gold line and we take that trade. Not sure how to explain it but we can call it a tertiary trade. Price pulls back up to an old S line so we take it if the EA will.

SO here are the trade scenarios.

1. secondary trade

2. Primary trade also divergance. Draw 45 degree line on RSI and go for the big pip move. Take half profit and let it ride till you cross the 45 degree line on RSI.

3. Same as #1

4. Same as #2, this time the RSI ride is a very good one. We actually stay in this trade for 3 days. We took half earlier and we are now riding the trade down.

5. Tertiary trade price bounces back up to an old S line so we take it as it nears the gold line and Old S line. If price doesnt break that red line we are not in.  If we get in and price goes against up we are at the top of the chart.

6. With a break in the 45 degree line and divergance on RSi we now go to a buy. This trade probably hit our break even for no pips.

7. Primary trade- off of divergance and probably trade 6 didnt get us much so 7 is another entrance.

After trade 7 there may be some secondary trades.

That is what I am trying to put together but I need to fine tune it and make sure everything is working. Will try to post it Tues or Wed. unless I come across another problem. Enjoy the pic.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
In the above pic I think you can see that the vast majority of the time that new red line indicator gets you close to the new S/R line. When price gets in range, turn the EA on and let it handle the entrance. I will have several buy and sell EAs. One with a no take profit and one with a take profit. There will be second level and third level reentrance EAs but they will have there own Magic numbers and will be handled by the Hopwood Trade Manager. So to do multi level trading you will need to turn on the 2nd EA. Hopefully that will be a rare event now. There will be a Hopewood trade manager for each magic number.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
This maybe my last or second to last post for ver. 2 trades. As you can see by my previous pic I will want to switch to my version 3 system as soon as I get it working. But until then here are my results for Friday. I also saw no new trades to take. I am keeping my USD/CHF trade when I switch over to my VER. 3. I am going to use the ver. 3 programming to use as my first recovery trade using the new system. Since there are no new trades for Monday, I will be enjoying Chinese New Years here in China. What that means is I will be getting no sleep. It is 330 PM here and they have already started firing off fireworks. I already know I will be staying up all night because they will fire off fireworks here all night and wont quit until the sun rises. So no use in trying to sleep. I plan on writing finishing my ver. 3 booklet tonight. I will send it out to a handful of traders who have  been using my system to ask for corrections and for their questions and insight.

HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR. BOOM BOOM BANG BANG ALL NIGHT LONG.

TAKE PROFITS

aud/usd, +67
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
SELLS

aud/chf, -29

aud/jpy  -19

aud/nzd, -22

nzd/chf  -32 dont know why I took this but price went back up so I did and price went back up again, sheesh.
eur/aud, -29

eur/cad -49

eur/nzd -48
usd/chf -421 2L -294 3L -128

TOTALS

total for day +67
for the week +354
for the month  +1335

Carry over     -1071
primary trades
BUYS I saw no new trades to enter.
SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin.[/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
I want to compare my ver2 with my new ver 3 trade. Here is my version 2 trade with the 3x3 entrance. It is not a bad entrance but I am sitting on a -32 pip trade. There was no Trade Manager to put my trade to break even. I dont think there was a big enough move for the trade manager to go to break even but I am still sitting in a good trade. Not complaining the system does work. Here is my  present trade and how I am sitting on it.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
With the ver. 3 system I enter the trade when price crosses the red line. Near the blue line and the green check. Probably the entrance would been earlier because the lines continue to move as price moves up but it would not have been that much earlier. The trade manager would already have set the trade to break even so I would never go into a negative trade at this point. From the original entrance the trade would have gone 80+ pips to the good at one point and sits around 20+ now. Either way I am sitting on a winning trade. So that is what we are looking at if I can finish this off Monday or Tuesday. Here is a pic of the Ver 3. trade. Obviosly if price had not spiked up a second time we would not be in the trade under ver.3 but we are in ver. 2 so there are trade offs between the systems. Want you to know both sides.

I just noticed that my ask line and the indicator line are the same color. I will have to change that before I put the final product up so dont let that confuse you on my example. I am not talking about the red ask line going all the way across the screen but the read line up near the blue line.

When I write the rules you will not want to turn the EA during the strong move from the grey candle crossing the gold line but would want to wait for the next candle to let price settle a bit. You would get in too early if you did even though that entrance would still be better than the ver. 2 entrance.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Toothman here is your divergence and how it will be used with this system. You have a double top and divergence on the RSI (white lines) So this trade you would want to take half profit at some point and let the rest ride until the RSI recrosses the white line. Hey we will be using a counter trend system to follow the trend. Neat HUH. You wont win all of these but we will take our shots at it.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Thanks very much for all your hard work and sharing it with us. Great improvement, as you quite rightly say dd should be much less with this new system. Combining mptm with your system is another stroke of genius. Substituting the bolinger bands for RSI seems to be favoured by most of the professional traders if FF. Looking forward to the release of Ver3 when it comes.

Kind Regards.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Just got done writing the Version 3 book. Sending it too friends now for proofreading and understanding. If you want to proof read the book send an email to nanningbob@msn.com and I will try to send you a copy. Remember this is not the final version of the book though. I will want to rewrite it one more time before posting with changes.

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Hi Bob,

The version 3 looks excellent, seems that you have ironed out a few of the entrance problems and questions and have defined the new entrance points a lot better.

Look forward to using this system over the coming weeks.

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
YUP. You just showed why I am a countertrend trader, you  made money.  Lose money trying to follow the trend, make money on the retrace.

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
I am starting my switch to ver 3 trades late yesterday. I will be posting both results as I close out my ver. 2 trades for ver. 3 trades. This will give you a comparison of how I think the new entrances are going compared with the old version. I am going to start posting sections of the new system as I complete them. When it is all done I will start a new thread but I want you guys to comment and study it before we show everyone else. I also want to get rid of that stupid poll 54 -55 when I think I am the only trader in FF who has posted all his trades before he takes them for the last 6 months and is profitable. Some people think a trading system should never have a DD but that is impossible. Knowing how to handle the DD I think I have the only thread that does that and am willing to show publically  the good with the bad. Anyway, I will spend all day getting ver. 3 ready for posting. I will do it in sections as I complete it. Right now it is in pieces on 4 different accounts. Each of the successful sections will be combined and posted. I believe I have the refinements I want. The posted version will be slightly different than what I have already posted. See ya later. I am going to eat breakfast.

TAKE PROFITS

STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
SELLS

aud/chf, -66 ver. 3 trade -3

aud/jpy  -22 according to ver. 3 rules we would not have entered yet.

aud/nzd, -40 ver.3 -19

nzd/chf  -45 ver.3 +1
eur/aud, -89 ver. 3 -12

eur/cad -104 ver.3 -13

eur/nzd -97  ver. 3 -11
usd/chf -441 2L -314 3L -148 Ver. 3 -6 This wont be a fair comparison but lets see if ver. 3 will get me out of the hole. Should be interesting

TOTALS

total for day 0
for the week 0
for the month  +1335

Carry over     -1429
primary trades
BUYS usd/cad (some of you know how much I hate trading this pair but I will give it one final chance with the new system, otherwise it is going on my forever banned list)
SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin.[/quote][/quote][/quote]

[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Bob, I sent you an email. Can you read before posting the system? I have a few odds and ends you may be interested in . Looks like version 3 is cutting DD already!

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
I have just started using Hopwoods Multi-purpose trade manager. Can anyone tell me whether the EA automatically adjust from 4 digit accounts to 5 digit accounts? I noticed he only has one version.

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
You should get rid of the poll. The reason some people have voted in such a way is because they do not understand the system, it is too complicated for them and they do not understand it. Unfortunately, although majority of traders are educated and have reasonable degree of intelligence when it comes to forex they act in a stupid fashion. Believe me because I talk with good authority. What makes me such an authority? Because till some months ago I was one of those DAFT traders. When the EURIKA moment comes it hits one like a thunder bolt and one realizes how stupid one has been. I suppose this is a right of passage that we have to go through. Some will never learn and this will result in blown account and bye bye forex for ever.  Most traders want quick simple results with a holy grail type of EA which does all the thinking for them and all they have to do is to load the EA, sit back and reap the rewards. Well dream on.

N.B.To all the loss making traders who are visiting this thread for the first time. This is the most comprehensive successful method on FF. It is a COMPLETE SYSTEM. If you do not believe it, open a penny account and just replicate Bob’s trades. You do not need to do the thinking. You will see a steady growth of your account (between 15% to 20% per month). He is handing it to you on a plate. If you can not do this simple thing then you should give up forex and put yourself out of the misery.

Kind regards
P.s. A new thread maybe a good idea. Please keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
I sent you an email. What I am going to post is most of the stuff but the book with some basics. The book will need to be revised again because I could not get an EA to run my custom indicator. I found a very close common indicator that was easy to code. It could be weeks before I get my custom indicator working as an EA and I am not sure it would be that much better than what I am going to  post. The differences are marginal at this point.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
As you know I am deep in DD on my USD/CHF trade. I will show you my entrance off of the RWB only indicator and now with the new Fourths indicator. The green line is my entrance with the 3x3 but the check marks are my entrance with the gold lines. What these do is help filter out the MACD slide we faced occsionally with the RWB. Instead of being 400 pips in the hole, my entrance comes later and either check mark trade goes into profit within hours. The first white check would be a 50+  profit, the second would be an 80-90 profit. With my 3x3 I did not get a good second entrance so I never got a good retrace to zero out and now a month later I am still with it, looking for my best exit. Any way pic 1 one comparing version 2 with version 3. Anyway with version 3 I never would turn on the EA at letter A. It is below the gold line even though at that time the RWB were above/near the 85.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
The next week Feb 1 you can see my original trade is waiting for a retracement so I can break even. Price moved back below the gold lines but by the end of the week they are above the gold lines again. I put check marks where the EA could have entered. Again both go into profit and both are for 50+ pips depending where you close out. You can see how the gold lines really filter out the trade as they move from week to week. This is a nasty long drawn out trend but Version 3 filters it out just great. The hope is we will seldom need a 2nd level trade even during a nasty trend run. With the Hopwood break even EA we wont be taking losses on these trades. As soon as they go 20 pips into profit we move our SL to break even.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
You have to add a digit for 5 digit broker (e.g. 20 pip for 4digit and for 5digit enter 200 for 20 pip).

As for USDCHF please read scooby`s posts regarding this. He says that there are a gropu of professional traders who are successfully scalping this pair and it is being manipulated by the brokers and other actors.

kind regards.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
This is the  present screen today. You can see where price moved below the yellow line and then moved back up. You see where I put a manual trade and am in profit already. SL to break even and this trade is set to run. If it goes back up I am out at 0 and the EA is active to enter at a new high again. Meanwhile my original trade is still in deep DD and is now off the screen. (this is not my live screen but a demo account) So even with a long trend going against you version 3 is superior to version 2. I want to thank the usd/chf for this long trend because it was the one I studied to develop version 3. So in losing now I think I win in the future. Anyway Toothman this is what I was trying to explain in my email I sent to you. I thought the whole trade process with the USD/CHF would help everyone understand the system better. Enough talk I am taking a break and will get my first system posting up when I get back. So her is one month of DD with the version 2 and the version 3 alternative.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Well we will just play along with their manipulation then.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Hello mates, Long time no see since I am not posting for a while.

It sounds great to introduce divergence concept in counter trend trading. But should the line be drawm with the close instead of high or low, because RSI is cacluated base off the close price?

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
It shouldnt make any difference because you will see the divergance and have the EA on. When it enters the trade you will monitor it. I have seen  pics with RSI in which you will get 3 or 4 divergances before you get the real change of direction. In this system 5 things will happen:

1: The MPTM will bring your SL to breakeven, price reverses on you and you have a zero trade.

2. Price will move to the TP of the EA and close out that trade then the EA waits for the next entrance point.

3. You are using the jump SL which I will start at 25. So at +25 you are at 0 50 it moves the SL to +25, 75 it moves to  +50 and so on until price reverses and you have profit.

4. Price never gets to the +20 so you have a negative trade in which we start looking for a second entrance and we multi-level trade like we did in the past.

5. Price went in your favor, on divergance we play the long run so we profit 1/2 at some point and then close out the other half when RSI crosses a 45% angle which we will draw on the chart. So whether divergance is at the open or close does not matter. We only want to see it.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Hi BOB

Please go to stevehopwood`s thread (http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=89371) and download the latest version of mptm, there is bug fix with regard to the trailing stop function.

Kind Regards

P.S. Steve does not use different version file names (he says it clutters his PC), so it wil;l have the same file name with a different  modified date.

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
I have done that but this newest version may have a problem. I am too tired to work on this anymore so I hand it over to all of you for testing. The EAs work fine and maybe we will need the exisitng TS until we get the MPTM working well with the system. I have a bare minimum explanation of the system with it. The book will have to wait until we get all the bugs out. I need help testing this, this took a lot longer longer than expected and so far I have 4 days of 10-12 hours into it. Sorry it took so long but this version is workable. thanks for all your help. I may go back to Steve's previous version because it worked well. We dont need the TS stop function for this we can use MT4 existing one for that. What I like is the jump TS, it gives more room on the retracements. Attached is the system in its simplest and rawest form.
The 201-203 non pink Sell EAs had an incorrect coding in them Delete them and add the ones in the second folder. The ones with pink in them are ok. That is both the 4d and 5d versions. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Not able to open the zip file.  Can you try to post again?  Thanks.

Field

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
The zip file does not contain a "profiles" folder.  Just letting you know!

Thank you very much for all the hard work, I am eager to see how this goes.

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Try a different browser it downloads just fine for me. Dont know what causes that problem but it is not the file.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Maybe the folder is too big let me try smaller parts.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Thanks bob - will get this up today on the demo and see how it goes

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
I wanted to see what happened last night, it is 6 am here and with Chinese New Year eveyone else is sleeping. SO.... Well, I took a loss for the day because I closed out the USD/CHF with RWB on the bottom but I protected last months profit and this  months profit by finally closing down the last of my large DD. It took some patient trading but the system works. Only a handfull of the old system trades left but sitting good now. I will  probably change the way I show results. Instead of primary and secondary trades I will have primary and divergance trades starting tomorrow. Will see how this all works out. Also  may no longer need the currencies I trade thing on the bottom. Decisioins, decisions. Bye BYE USD/CHF.  I love it when a plan works.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/nzd, ver.3 +17 profit and reentered saw divergance so now using the no TP EA or I am not using any EA and lett it run. If the MPTM works it will bring my SL to 0 at +20 so I will be in no danger if price drops.
nzd/chf +15 same as above
eur/cad +1 ver.3 +40 2nd trade +39 switched to pink mode after the second trade.

gbp/nzd ver. 3 +88
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
usd/chf -245 2L -196 3L -30 Ver. 3 +115 (I am all done with this trade RWB are on the bottom no need to continue, I consider this my best exit)
OPEN TRADES
SELLS

aud/chf, -37 ver. 3 trade +27 divergance keeping the trade and turned off EA

aud/jpy  -154  ver. 3  -28

aud/nzd, -39 ver.3 -1

nzd/chf  -45 ver.3 +1 divergance turned off EA
eur/aud, -89 ver. 3 -12 divergance turned off EA

eur/nzd -97  ver. 3 -11 (no change from yesterday)
usd/cad -21
TOTALS

total for day -156
for the week -156
for the month  +1179

Carry over     -583
primary trades
BUYS
SELLS

aud/usd put pink on since I missed the first opportunity
Secondary trades
BUYS
eur/cad keeping pink EA on in case it retraces will turn it off after it crosses the gold line.
gbp/nzd turned this on yesterday and got one nice trade, keeping the EA on.
SELLS
nzd/jpy turned on EA, hope I am not too late on this or too early hmmmm

nzd/usd

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin.[/quote][/quote][/quote]

[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Does anyone know a good 4D demo so I can work on the MPTM on a 4D demo account?

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
FX Solutions UK. is 4 digits I'm pretty sure. This is their web address - http://www.fxsol.co.uk/downloads/met...r-download.asp

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
I'm using Tadawul FX live... its 4 digits... no swap and fixed spread.. good for testing since you know the conditions are the same at all times.

BTW looking at AUDNZD... what time did you take the trade? On the Sell high I see it would have been at the pink line since the white is hovering above the resistance.

But the RSI(5) hasn't been in overbought territory since the 12th... there is one spike at 1.2759 that brought it back to overbought... is that where you placed the trade? I see the divergence after that..

This one probably hit B/E for you since it went higher that 1.2759...

Jag

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
I used the pink because white was above the R line. Here is the pic. Also, I would take a manual trade at all those R lines. You want anything near, you dont have to necessarily wait for the EA on a trade like this. RWB are high and RSI is diverging, blue, red and white are also all diverging. To me this is the time to play with no TP and see if it will run south. Unless there is some crazy news, Forex does have some unpredictability to it no matter what your system is, I am looking at a nice drop, see 3 weeks ago as a reference. So traders love these S/R trades. In Forex all you can do it put the trades in your favor and take your best shot. To me this is a really good shot. In other words if you are not in I would take a manual trade on this one so I wouldnt miss it.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
There are some currencies that will need the pink EA. I have not done this system long enough to decide which is which yet but white always above the S/R lines would be a good sign that a currency needs to use pink instead of white. I spent days trying to figure out a good medium but a two line system was my best answer to this problem.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Also, I think as you get used to this system, you would no longer be tied to a MT4 broker. You could tape a line 25% down from the top of your monitor and 25% up from the bottom and trade with any broker using RSI and draw your own S/R lines. You may not be able to combine sto with MACD but you could create a second screen and work something out. This could be a very interesting system once we get everything ironed out.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Take a look at that aud/nzd trade 3 weeks ago and see how many times off of the  pink you could have taken trades. As long as the blue is less than the red it is take the rallies in a DT. So there could be trend trading off of this system. JUST a thought for the future. In other words the risk to reward ratio would seem to be good with this system if you use it for trend trading. Sorry to keep reediting but I developed this system trying to come up with a trend trading system. I cant get the EA trend trading to make money but with the counter trend system it seems to work great. FUNNY WORLD.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
HI Bob

thanks very much for the V3 files I have downloaded them and will put them on test as of tomorrow.

Kind Regards.

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
thanks for the 4 digit recommends.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
I am having trouble with my MPTM it is closing trades as soon as they open. Any suggestions on my settings??

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
At the time I analyse a similar idea with the 25% distance, and have programmed a little NB-indicator-meter.

What I see as little problem are the values for the yellow lines in the main chart, and for the red line in the RWB indicator, because they change if we change the chart width.

.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
whether 5 digit or 4 digit the MPTM is not working. It is closing trades as soon as they open. Will trade naked until we get this fixed or go back to an old version.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Yes, We stay with the 4 week, 1 month view. If the lines change some with the height, the ratio stays the same so the get ready to trade signal will remain. All we want to do is stay out of the middle 50% so the change I think is not significant. The eur aud was 815 pips from top to bottom with two indicators on the screen, it was 825 without the indicators. I dont think that is enough difference to affect the system however thank you for bringing that up. Your meter looks interesting though. If you could explain a little more in detail how it work would appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Bob, thanks for the reply.  My point is there seems no divergence at all if the line is drawn on close.  Price is declining and RSI is declining as well.  Maybe I am too stubborn. I saw there are some debates on the rsi divergence definition.  In this case, the price is not at swing high and swing low,  strictly speaking, there should be no divergence.   see below for an example divergence chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I suggest to use MACD double cross(down cross, up cross then down cross) above zero line to indicate the trend change to bearlish.  Or MACD double cross (up cross, down cross and up cross) below zero line to indicate the trend change to bullish and trigger the position.   Just some fresh thoughts.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
There is a mistake in the coding of the 201-204 Sell series the non pink ones in the 4D and 5D version. There was a negative sign instead of a plus sign in the code. I have the corrections below. Again Sell series 201-204 non pink EAs only replace with these. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
I am not sure quite what you are saying. Before we discuss we need to define divergence. Divergence is when the lowest lows of the candles which you have drawn a line on the chart forming a line pointing downward. Then you connect the lowest lows on the RSI which you have drawn on the chart but that line is angling upward over the same time period. That would be divergence. The lines are going in opposite directions. With that definition you have drawn divergence in your picture. When I talk about divergence that is what I mean. I guess there are other definitions but I assume that is the most common one.

In counter trend trading we are not necessarily looking for a complete price reversal as we are just a retracement. If price has dropped 200 pips or more and now is retracing we get that trade. The divergence may not necessarily point out a true price reversal as it would a correction. This may sound crazy to people who have been trend trading but I find trading retracements easier to trade than a trend. If you are a channel trader to me it is easier to go from the outside of the channel in than inside out. If I am on the very outside it is extremely rare for price to go even more higher without retracing first. If I am on the inside of the channel hoping it will continue going up I feel I am in a guessing crapshoot. Maybe it will, probably it wont or it will fake or ....... But outside in I feel I have a much better chance, I know price will go back to a median but once it gets back I dont know if it will go up or down.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
I went through the MPTM program and turned all the true to false. I then turned the manage all trades to true and the break even to true. I put the BE profit pips to 0 and deleted the remove all stop losses from the script folder. It is not closing any trades when I turn it on now. Waiting to see if it brings SL to even after 20 pips. Be great if we get this one working.

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Here a first version of the meter-indicators.

I think that the meter-signal indicator is very usefull for analysis, because at a glance you can see all the last signals and analyze them. You can switch the drawing of arrows or vertical lines.

Just a question: are you using the fractal lines? For my eyes are to many lines in a chart...

The indicators they may have bugs, especially for the last candle...

A problem to solve was to scale the MACD and to get right values if you scroll the chart and I had not the time to test all possibilities. On scrolling you must wait few seconds until the MACD and the signals are recalculated.

Also is possible that the indicators repaints, and in this case is better to change the time frame and go back for an indicators refreshing.

Later when the indicators are tested, I can post the source codes.

I think that for a next version might be good to filter the signals for close positions above/below the two 25% lines, but first you must test this.

.

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Please reload from my last post the NB Meter_Signals file.

Now gives the option to filter the prices above or below the 25% lines.

The condition is not strong, that means that the program check if the High is above the upper line, or the Low is below the lower line. A strong condition would be to check the Close positions.

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
HI Bob

Please find attached additional tool for your arsenal of indicators. It was provided by Scooby Doo and it displays RSI over all time frames. Please read the short PDF for the settings. You quite rightly mentioned that a trade can be made by relying on RSI alone. As an extra filter and additional protection some people only rely on RSI if the time frames on both side indicate the same conditions (e.g. if H1 showing O/S, then H4 and M30 should show O/S in order for entering a BUY trade).

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Thanks for all the input. I have focused today on getting a breakeven EA of some kind working. Very disappointed the MPTM is not working right. Thought I had something. Any way dont want to clutter up the screen with too many indicators. keep it simple, once price gets to the bottom or top of the screen it really only has one direction it can go.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Hi Bob

I think your problem is with sell orders in mptm. I have just checked the mptm and I was getting the same problem as you (i.e. closing and part closing at the same time). I went back and read the instructions once again and it clearly states:

"BreakEvenProfit: will add this to the stop loss to a buy order, subtract it for a sell order. My default of 2 pips means the sl is set to break even + 2, ensuring a minimum of 2 pips profit. Set it to 0 if you do not want this feature."

For short orders Breakeven profit should be a minus value. I looked at the problem orders and they were all SHORTS. So I just changed the Breakeven profit to 0 and all working OK now. For ease of understanding and clarity I am atatching a picture of this section of the settings which is now working OK.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
A little studie about the 25% lines:

In chart 1 we have the two horizontal lines drawn with the "NB Fourths" indicator.

Just a technical remark: the autor use the internal functions "WindowPriceMax(0)" and "WindowPriceMin(0)". This functions returns the upper and lower border values from the visible window, and not the HigherHigh and LowerLow prices!

Chart 2 has the same number of bars like chart1 (120 bars = ca. 1 month).

I programmed a little HighLow indicator to calculate the 25% lines. The indicator takes everytime the last 120 bars to calculate this lines.

(A nice option is to make the calculation with Open and Close, not only with High and Low).

If we compare the signals, we see that in chart1 on the left edge we have signals only in chart 2.

Now if we scroll the first chart, we see in chart 3 that at the moment who we have the days from 22.Jan on the right edge, the signals appear also in chart1.

Conclusion: if also the MACD were programmed to draw scaled values for the last 120 bars, than we can analyse correct the signals back!

The current versions for drawing the 25% lines and the MACD are valid only at the right edge of the charts.

.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
As a long term user of Steve's mptm, I know it can be tricky to get the settings correct.

Attached is an earlier version of mptm with extra routines added which will attempt to solve issues on the fly as well as give better error information. To use you MUST add the file OrderReliable_V1_1_0.mqh to your Experts / Include directory.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Thank you sir. I will load the files posted. In the meantime can you confirm that the problem was with what I had identified?

Many thanks for your help.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Not sure what the problem was, the mptm works fine for me using a BE at +15 with a +2 pip buffer on both longs & shorts.

Suggest trying with the version I attached and watching the log in the Terminal under the Experts tab.

Best of luck

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
I hope you picked up the corrected 200 series Sell EAs, the first ones had a wrong coding in them. Market slowly drifted yesterday. Looking good for today. Appreciate the suggestions on MPTM so will try the new numbers and see what happens. With it a couple of trades would have 0 out. Not too worried though the old system works too. In much better shape than the 3x3 cross. Like that little bar indicator posted earlier, fascinated with it. Total DD -1363 ver 2 DD -866 ver 3 DD -497. So  version 2 DD is almost double version 3DD plus I would be looking at turning on the 3x3 EA waiting to get in meanwhile I am in some really good locations with the new system. Took aud/usd and nzd/usd  profits just to book some. If price retraces the EA gets me back in, if it doesnt will be kicking myself. Probably will straddle trades like that in the future but right now too much going on. OK here we go another day. I see my system got some more negative votes, that poll is becoming really funny. I want to start the new thread but wont do it until everything is working.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/usd +21

nzd usd +43

STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
SELLS

aud/chf, -113 ver. 3 trade -46

aud/jpy  -205  ver. 3  -79 L2 0

aud/nzd, -68 ver.3 -30

nzd/chf  -78 ver.3 -22 divergance turned off EA
eur/aud, -164 ver. 3 -78 divergance turned off EA
eur/nzd -238  ver. 3 -141 2L 0
usd/cad +6
nzd/jpy -17
eur/cad  -102   entered manually at L2 0 should have stayed with the white line EA.
gbp/nzd +12
TOTALS

total for day +64
for the week -92
for the month  +1243

Carry over     -1363
primary trades
BUYS

aud/usd EA on but not entered

eur/usd

usd/cad
SELLS
usd/chf

usd/jpy
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin.

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Hi Bob

Well what can I say. If you read what most experienced / professional traders say about retail traders it is not complimentary at all. As you quite rightly mention time and time again which other thread master posts their trades in advance for over six months with consistent profit for all to see and REPLICATE / COPY if they wish.

All they have to do is copy your trades for couple of months and see for themselves. Now I am neither experienced nor successful trader, but I pride myself in being logical and I am willing to learn from people who know more than me.  When you see experienced and well respected people in FF like SWINGMAN and MACMAN show an interest in a system it must have merit. As I mentioned before people want a system that does everything for them, lest face it your system does not appeal to simple minds.

I do not if it is practical or possible to have a dashboard where all the signals are listed for all the pairs. This would reduce the screen time drastically and would make the system easier for you know who. This is a question for Master of Forex DASHBOARD, none other than SWINGMAN. Maybe he can tell us if this is possible and if he has the time to create one. He has created a number of comprehensive dashboards; maybe one of his existing ones could be adapted for this system.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
what a day huh

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
ok - loaded up all the new template files and EA's...now lets see if they work!!!

I've had problems in the past with EA's not working, so hopefully these ones will work.

Let's see how we go!

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
They work on IBFX  at least so far.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Love the intelligence of voters. We put a system up for a test and already 3 people have voted against it while it is still in testing mode. It never ceases to amaze me the intelligence of an average trade.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Sheesh. I wish  price would move enough test the system.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Thanks Astral also mix with that the some of the Sell EAs were wrong. Will try your suggestion but for now will just use 0 and see if that works.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Just to keep the downloads straight so I can test them and remember them where they came from I have a folder code I started to use. Maybe some of you may find this helpful. For example:

'Astral Ultimate RSI p. 71 1057' p. 71 post #1057

'MPTM MACMAN p.71 1061' p. 71 1061

'SwingMan p. 71 1055' p. 71 1055

Lets me know what it is, who gave it and where I can find it again. I want to give credit to all the people who have contributed. Sometimes I will download something and a week later cant find it again. Anyway guys I set up a separate account to test these things out. Thanks for your contributions.

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
SwingMan your set up looks good. The Fractals and S&R are the same, I will probably replace the Fractals with that. However, I do agree the fractals are cleaner looking than the S/R lines. Question does it come with a warning system, for example will it give a warning when  conditions are met, however if it does wont it be too late? The Gold lines are meant to be predictive in that you want the EAs going on when price gets above. Right now I am thinking after the first candle completes or almost completes and price is above/below gold you would turn on the EA. On a 4H chart that is pretty easy to do. You visit the Chart every 4 hours starting an hour or 30 minutes before and see what it is telling you. If a bar has gone deep into gold territory (neat name just invented it while I typed) I want to turn my EAs on. Just some beginning thoughts about the system.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Astral I am trying the MPTM you posted and before it even gets to the 20 pips I get these error messages. So I dont know whats wrong here. I did a buy on one chart and a sell on the other to see if I can get something to work.

2010.02.18 18:50:02    NB MPTM v2_rel JUMP EURNZDm,H4: EURNZDm buy trade. Jumping stop function failed to set SL at breakeven, with error(4008): not initialized string

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Not sure if the MPTM can handle pairs with a suffix like EURNZDm.

Will try and find out. Also trying deleting any global variables by pressing F3 & deleting anything in the list.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
OK stupid me, have 4D version on 5D demo.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
So basically this feature is useless unless you specify a specific trade or magic number. Now I have given the sells one series of Magic numbers and buys another series. Can we have MPTM handle the 101-104 series with one MPTM EA because that is their magic numbers, we can put +2 there and another to handle 201-204 with -2 because they are sell EAs. That way two MPTM EAs will be handling all the trades. Right now we will go with 0 and I will try the most updated version again on one demo and the earlier version on the other.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Not completely useless, just open a second chart, for instance EURJPY, put the trade manager on that chart and set it to handle trades on that pair. So for instance you have one EURJPY chart with NanBob EA & one EURJPY chart with mptm EA. Do this for each pair you want to handle.

BTW Error 4008 does not interrupt program execution, so it may go away by itself as price moves. Can happen (I think) if price has moved beyond the setting the EA was trying to make. Technically it means that no value was assigned to the string being an operand in an expression.

Hope that helps ...

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Please don't forget that for visual backtestings you must use the version2 of the "fourth" indicator!

In priciple we don't need indicators... I try to follow the trend-signals from the PAMA indicator, combined with the 25% lines. If after fractal points we analyse the candle patterns, we can get nice trades.

In chart gives as example valid signals if after a fractal point the candles cross the 25% lines.

With your rules 3, we get after feb.1 one buy signal without entry on feb.12, and with my idea many safe sell signals in the same period... No indicators - only fractals and pattern reading.

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
HI BOB

I think MACMAN (whose knowledge is far, far superior to mine) has replied. I think what you say should be OK. Open 2 mptm one for sell one for buy. I think just like me you have not had  a chance to try the modified version by Macman. Although Macman says that this should not cause a problem, we did have problems, maybe it is conflicting with your EAs. I have been running it as a test on demo and it is OK with 0 setting instead of 2.

kind regards

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
OK the MacMan one seems to be working. EUR/JPY strong move down and the sell I had on that account brought the break even up and then it moved the SL every 20 pips so far. So that is good news. It worked on all the manual trades that have moved over 20 pips. Tomorrow I will set up some EAs that will buy and sell immediatley and go both ways and see how it works on EA generated trades. I assume it should not make any difference. I really would prefer to have 1 or 2 EAs covering all my trades since you know I like to post all 20+ currencies on my charts and picking and choosing the best. Anyway that is the goal. I would really like just one EA handling both directions moving the SL up as price moves, then I would use the non closing EA when I see divergance and see what happens. Looking better every day.

What maybe a unexpected side benefit of my system is if you forget to turn off the EA you may get some really good trades down the road. Here we follow the gbp/chf all the way down over a two week period. The pink are pink EA entrance plus two white EA entrances. The one white spike might have given you a heart attack. So if you ran the pink sell ea you would have had 7 trades during a 2 week period and 2 if you ran the white. Dont know if I want to get back into trading the middle of the chart again but you never know. Miracles do happen.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Yes but I have multiple numbers, Can we do one EA with multiple Magic numbers or set up a MPTM for each one? In other words my question is this--Can I have one MPTM run 201, 202, 203, and 204 Sell EAs and one MPTM for the buy EAs 101, 102, 103, 104 or do I need 1 MPTM for each EA magic number? You guys know how crazy I get with all my multiple trades.

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Again MACMAN is more qualified to reply. In the meantime my understanding is that is you choose manage by magic number you can have only one magic number in the field (i.e. 1 MPTM for each EA). Unless you give the same magic number ot the same EA grouping (if that does not cause conflict in MT4).

sorry i this does not address the question.

kind regards

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Hi,

A single instance of the MPTM EA can handle any of these scenarios:

Just the pair the EA is currently running on

All trades anywhere on the account

A selection of trades based on the magic number of the EA which created them
A selection of trades based on the comment field
A single trade based on the Ticket Number

The very latest addition which I have not yet tested adds another possibility being to manage a selection of trades based on the Symbol field (EURUSD, GBPJPY etc).

Also you can combine any of the above which are logical, so for instance you could manage only the pair the EA is on & then only trades created by a specific EA, by using it's magic number.

Hope this helps ...

p.s. Attached is the user manual for anyone who has not seen it

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
hmmmmm I think Forex is stuck in reverse, Doji's, is that what they are called, How many in a row can you get in a week? I dont think I have seen 6 doji's in a row on a 1 minute chart much less a 4H chart. SHEEESH. Actually, it means nations are not trading and that is not good economic news. Well, my little EA did make some trades and I was surprised when I saw some profits in my account. Neat. I will show some pics in the next couple of posts. I am not adding any more trades today. I have enough going on.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/usd +71 +49 my little EA made two trades on the aud/usd yesterday
usd/cad +19  +47
usd/chf +37
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
SELLS

aud/chf, -113 ver. 3 trade -46 (no change).

aud/jpy  -207  ver. 3  -81 L2 -2

aud/nzd, -75 ver.3 -37
aud/usd EA on but not entered at this time see above
eur/aud, -184 ver. 3 -98 divergance turned off EA
eur/cad  -202   entered manually at L2 -100 should have stayed with the white line EA.
eur/nzd -240  ver. 3 -143 2L -10
nzd/chf  -78 ver.3 -22 divergance turned off EA (no change)
nzd/jpy -18
gbp/nzd -170 L2 0

gbp/usd -174 L2 0

usd/chf   -31

usd/jpy -87 L2 0
TOTALS

total for day +223
for the week +131
for the month  +1374

Carry over     -2118
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
In what I considered an absolute lousy trading day my little system made me 200+ pips by surprise. Here are the two aud/usd trades it did. Yellow 1 I used pink check marks by the entrance and exit and Pink 2 I used arrows. First trade was for +49 the second a nice +71. Love it. I am going to leave the pink EA on this pair and see if I can follow the DT if it does one.

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
USD CAD +19 and +47 1st trade yellow arrows second trade  pink arrows. I love this. You will see the green TP arrow is farther down than the green line but that is because the green line continues to move as  price moves up. Makes me think should I switch to the white line for TP also. hmmmm need to study that one. I will also use the pink buy series to see if I catch more trades if it up trends. If it stays below the gold line and bounces around that is good too. no matter what it does at this point it looks good. Unless it drops a bomb, then 2.4.2 recovery system here we come. I am really beginning to like this. Entering on the extremes sure looks good as a trading system.

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
This discussion happened on my other forum and it applies to the gold lines on why and how they work. So I thought I would copy and paste it here.

"I am a little confused here. Surely these new indicators draw lines that are based on the screen being viewed and ignore price. ie they simply split the screen up into equal segments So if I have a lesser no of bars on my screen than you do or if I magnify the display etc we will have different price entry points for trades etc Fibs and Pivots levels are based on calculations from price so will be the same no matter how the chart is displayed This would explain why you cannot back test it unless in visual mode ie Without a screen display how could the EA know what the levels were! I would have thought it better to base this new approach on price so everyone at least were singing from the same hymn sheet so to say

I see Swingman in your other thread has done an indicator along these lines Maybe we could use this as a basis Do you think this is in line with your new approach?

Best Regards"

You could but I use a 4H chart for almost all my trading. What you see on the screen is a 1 month period of price action therefore as price moves across the screen the movement of the gold lines are very slight over a period of a week. In reality they are just another form of moving average lines. If you change from a 4H chart to a 1H chart all indicators, all moving averages will change or move. You change the amount of time or information used for the calculations. These gold lines are a moving average of 1 month of price action but in instead of using candles it is the distance from the  top to the bottom or the range calculated by MT4 for that pair. This figure is based on MT4 figures of how much price has moved for a particular currency pair. MT4 uses this figure to give you your screen size. So the distance from top to bottom is a price range calculation. The gold lines are a moving average of that range. I am a range trader, to me this is perfect for my range trading systems. I hope you understood this, they are really another form of a moving average line. All indicators are, it is just the math is different.

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Macman I just want you to know that your line system is also interesting and maybe a great indicator in which direction the trend is going. I am studying it now.

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
OK some good news. I have the newest versions of MPTM working, they have worked on manual entries and EA entries, so that is good news. I will be trying them out on my  live account after I report tomorrow's results. I have both the break even and jump SL working. My next test will be individual EA numbers which I will start Monday.

Concerning MacMan's line drawing indicator. I want to know if any of you have noticed that once it starts drawing lines that is a great price turnaround spot and turn on the pink EA. Then watch at the pink EA enters trade after trade on the retraces and when the indicator draws lines showing change in trend you can change the EA direction. I have not watched enough to make a final conclusion but does anyone else see this with the pink line EAs? Be interested in your insights.

Now if we can just get price moving some today, I would be happy.

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
HI BOB

Thanks for the post. By newest MPTM, do you mean the one by Stevehopwood on his thread or the one supplied by MACMAN.

By MacMan`s line drawing indicator, do you mean SWINGMAN or MacMan. Final point is for SWINGMAN who has kindly provided his meter indicator. Is there a way to set up an alert once the four indicators line up?

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Sorry for the mistake on Swingman, yes I meant Swingman's indicators. I have gotten both the newest Hopwood EA and Macman's MPTM working. So that is good news. Yes you could code an alert but he will have to do it because he did not provide the code just the indicator.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Ok now for some bad news, the EAs I have provided dont close according to magic number even though they are in the program. If one closes the EA closes all the trades of that currency  pair. So I had one trade go for a loss today because of that. I will have to investigate on how to change that but the present EA if you want to run more than one level it is going to close all levels whether EA started or manually started. So if anyone can solve that it would be nice otherwise I will have to use another EA. So we need an EA that will only close its own magic number and not any other trades in that currency pair. As long as you are doing single levels you are OK but multi level could be different. Right now on any currency with more than one level going I am removing the EA and handling the trade manually.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Thank you for the system Bob, this is looking very promising.  I'm excited to get some demo trading in on it and see what happens.

nikkon

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
I do believe we can refine this system into an excellent trading tool however, this week has probably been one of the worst price movements for forex. In fact since the middle of December prices have gone through these periods of stagnation and its driving me nuts. This week the high and low of almost all the currencies has been less than 300 pips many around 200. I mean many of them used to do that in one day. That kind of scares me for two reasons:

1. World trade is going to the dogs again. Countries are not trading with each other very much.

2. Any news story of significance will blast prices all over the  board.

So I need to be wary of trading right now and try to be careful.

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
OK, not much happened, got burned by my own EA, will work on that problem this weekend. Would have had a decent day if the EA hadnt closed out the EUR/NZD trade. It would have been the best trade of the day. So I record a -225 loss instead of around 175+ profit. Well, that is testing for you.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/jpy  L2 +14 I was under the delusion price was going somewhere so I got rid of my 3rd level.
nzd/chf  -20 ver.3 +36 Closed at support
usd/chf +39 another I should have kept longer
usd/eur turned on after it dipped +84 used the 3x3 cross. When I saw this trade it had already hit support so missed the white or pink entrance so I turned on the 3x3 EA from version 2 and it worked. I wont add this to my total but I wanted to show that if you miss a trade you can try the old system.
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/nzd -207  ver. 3 -110 2L +23 This is the trade my EA closed when the 3rd trade hit the TP line, it closed all three trades even though some had different magic numbers or were manually entered trades. OUCH. This is sad because this was one trade that moved 190 pips for the day and would have sat on a nice profit. Will work on this EA flaw this weekend.
OPEN TRADES
aud/chf, -62 ver. 3 trade +5
aud/jpy  -199  ver. 3  -139

aud/nzd, -141 ver.3 -103
aud/usd -59
eur/aud, -176 ver. 3 -90 divergance turned off EA
eur/cad  -201  L2 -99
gbp/nzd -205 L2 -77

gbp/usd -145 L2 +15
nzd/jpy -5
usd/jpy -64 L2 +22
TOTALS

total for day -225
for the week +94
for the month  +1149

Carry over     -1723
primary trades
BUYS
usd/cad sitting at S line so will enter there manually Monday.

gbp/chf will turn on EA or enter after Monday gaps
SELLS
eur/gbp

aud/usd
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
A discussion on the other thread is helping me to define what the gold lines are. Here is some more information. Hope you enjoy.

When ever you change screen size you change levels. For example when you change from a 4H chart to a 1H chart, what are you really doing??? You are changing your screen size. 1H to 15M same thing. That changes all your indicators. It is the same thing. All these systems we have previously have one weakness and your chart shows this, You can get a sell while price is at the bottom of the screen and then as it goes north you are into the trade too early. These new lines can solve that problem. The lines are now fixed to the actual range of the particular currency instead of a set of numbers. When MT4 gives you a screen it is based on the range of the currency during that period of time. We are using that qualification as our foundation for trading. In other words MT4 has already done the work of the range of each currency. We use that math to determine the lines to trade from. Now that doesnt mean it does not create new weaknesses but we wont find out the new weaknesses until we get something consistent to test. What is hard to comprehend is your screen size is an indicator based on price action. That is why every currency has a different pip size for its screen. The usd/jpy from top to bottom is different from the gbp/jpy. WHY?? because the screen height is based on price action of the pair for the time period you are looking at. This maybe hard to fathom but your screen size is an indicator. http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/s.../yim/happy.gif

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
We as human beings tend to overlook the simple and look for the complicated. the ethos being the more complicated the more accurate (which would also mean more mistakes). Therefore, the best things are the simple ones. The notion that your screen is an indicator and what it at th top and bottom quarter represents the extreems of moves within that range, is quite logical. I am baffled why we had not figured it out before.

Kind regards.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
I can answer that question, we had not lost enough money yet.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Here are the 4D and 5D versions of MPTM that have worked for me on IBFX. I will be using these on my live account starting Monday. They are the newest versions downloaded on 2-16. Let me know if you are having any problems with them. The settings are BreakEven EA break even after 20 pips. The jump EA breaks even at 20 and then moves the stop every 25 pips. So at 50 pips you secure a 25 pips profit at 75 pips you secure a 50 pip profit. I put NB in the titles to show these are the ones that go with my system, it is never meant to take any credit for Steve's work which I think is fantastic.

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
OK these are version EAs 3.1 I have changed some of them. 01 and 02 series are for non ECN and 03 and 04 are for ECN dealers. Also corrected a couple of more mistakes made in the code. This also solves my closing at the wrong time when I enter a 2nd level. When you use the 02 or 04 series for the 2nd level you have removed the 01, 03 series EA from your screen and the TP at the green line is no longer active. If you have a non ECN account the 03 and 04 series EAs will still work. If you have an ECN account the 01 and 02 series EAs should not work.

·The 101 and the 201 (except pink EAs) enter from the white outside lines and take profit at the green line.
·The 102 and the 202 (except pink EAs) enter from the white outside lines and have no take profit at the green line.
·101,102,201,202 all have take profit and stop loss settings placed at the time of the trade.
·103,203,104,204 are for ECN dealers. They have no stop loss or take profit settings.
·The 103 and 203 series have no SL or TP and are used with ECN MT4 dealers. They will close the trade at the green line.
·The 104 and 204 series have no SL, TP or Green line profit. All they do is enter the trade, you manage the trade after that.
·The numbers are also the magic number for each EA.
·Any EAs with pink in its name enters on the cross of the pink line instead of the white line.

dont forget to save the new EAs to your template or you will get the old setup.

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Hey Bob,

The default settings on the manager will manage all your pairs at the same time right? Don't you want the manager to only control the chart you put it on? To do this, the ManageAllPairs would need to be set to false,and the ManageThisPairOnly would have to be set to true, right?

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Bob,

Was wondering when you were going to post the instructions (I've read the original but I'm sure you've made changes), the fourths indicator and the chart profiles? thanks much

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Hello Bob,

I have read your original documentation and I think your system looks really good. I have a couple of questions that would very difficult to explain in text. Would it be possible to discuss on the phone. I am US central time zone but I would be happy to accommodate whatever schedule you choose for you convenience. I am strongly considering making this my primary trading system. Please, can you help me just a little.

Thanks,

Glen

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Yes that would work. I have this week off before I go back to teaching. I live in China and my time right now is the same as Eastern time plus 13 hours or 14 hours from central time. So if it is 8 am your time it is 10 pm my time. So the best times would be 8am -10am your time or 8pm to 10pm your time. Send an Email to nanningbob@msn.com and we can talk on Skype. The call will be free and maybe someday set up conference calling.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Yes that is true but so far I have not tested to satisfaction MPTM set to a specific Magic Number. The EA I am using Magic number system is not working very well as you can see from my last report. The EA is closing all the trades on a currency not just its specific MN. I also have not tested it doing one currency like you explained. What you guys are seeing is what I go through to get a finished product. I think it is necessary that a group of people understand this system. When we start the new thread I will need help in that area because once I start teaching again at the University in 8 days my time will be limited. Also it helps you realize how much time, effort and testing is needed to get a solid working product. Plus I am getting some great ideas which I have not added to this thread yet. Toothman's I breakeven indicator I finished up yesterday. The enter when ever price is above or below 10% of the screen is still in development. Swingman's indicator intrigues me and I am studying that one every day gleaning ideas. Macman has also helped. So this takes time. I hope you understand. Normally I do this myself and post the system one or two months down the road but I  really felt I needed help on this one and I coudnt do it all myself.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
I have decided to significantly change what I have in the book. Instead of one book I want to have several so I can update each section as needed. For example when I posted the most simple basics earlier I had one book just describing the indicators. I want to follow that format. So I will have one booklet on the EAs, one on Indicators, one on MPTM, etc. So if there are any changes I just need to change that booklet and not the whole book. So you may have MPTM ver. 2, and Indicators version 1, and EAs ver. 5. I think this will make it easiest to update the system. You dont have to go through the entrie book to read my updates. I can just say EA ver 6 is ready and you can update just that booklet. This will also help with variants like Swingman's. We could keep a booklet just on his system variant and so forth. I think it will be easier to manage that way.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Hi Bob

I have been thinking about getting better entry in your system. No doubt what I am going to ask has been analyzed by you before and please forgive me if this is a repetition. Just wanted to have your thoughts and reasoning.

The first thought was to have gradual entry (i.e. if going for 0.08 lots in total, entering 0.02 every 50 pips of negative movement). I came to the conclusion that this would not be compatible with the 2-4-2 recovery.

The second thought looks attractive to me and I will be trying it for a period and report back to you. In the meantime your input would be gratefully appreciated. Oh I forgot the idea is when the conditions are right for entry instead of immediate entry or using the EA, to put a PENDING order of say 25 pips difference (e.g. if the system indicates a long entry at price of 0.1500, a pending order for 0.1525 is placed). If the retrace happens at that point we are worse off by 25 pips. However, if it does not we could trail it by every 25 pips. This way we will have lower DD and higher profits when the retrace happens.

I hope I have made myself understood and I have an inkling that you are going to say this is a daft idea; if possible I want to know why.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
astral,

I know Bob will have some good advice but thought I'd weigh in . It's very important to keep the 150-200 pip spacing or you'll use up too much margin. Right now (before Bob gets this new version up and running) I'm entering initially when red white and blue are at extremes, price is in top or bottom third of chart and RSI(8) shows divergence. I won't enter a L2 trade until price has moved at least 200 pips against me and these same conditions arise again.

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
I have a question for Bob or anyone who has a definitive and well thought out answer. I can look at a chart that has all three (white blue and red, Macd and Stoch) in the 85+ area, but when I enlarge the chart the red (macd) drops down to about +70. I am new to this system and realize that there has been some debate about the ever changing macd line, but do we have an answer on this. I can't believe that our entry signal is partially based on the size of your chart on your screen.

Thanks in advance for any and all answers.

Glen

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
I am sorry if I did not explain properly. The whole point is to reduce DD and hence Margin. This is only for the initial entry only. Once position is open everything is done according to the system. Pending order MAY (with a big emphasis on MAY) help to reduce DD. For instance when the conditions are right for a long entry instead of instant execution we place a pending order 25 pips above the present price if after 8 hours price has gone done by 50 pips we move the pending order 50 pips lower and so on. Once the retrace starts and the price starts going up our order is triggered.

I hope I managed to get m point across.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Well, if re-sizing is an issue, id say view that chart so it's quite magnified to spot the entries.

The actual value of the MACD doesn't change, just its visual representation on the screen.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Entry with RWB lines at extremes on a chart size showing 4 weeks of data. 4 weeks of data gives you a good look at previous price movement. All this with price at top or bottom third of chart. Macd line shifts but is good indicator as it appears at far right of screen.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
I kinda like the pending order idea but the the 3x3 cross is doing pretty much the same thing in my opinion. As price continues to move up in a buy situation, the 3,3 moving averages move up with price, delaying entry until better price.

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
The 3x3 can still be used. I had a trade I thought I missed the low so I put on the 3x3 and it entered a nice trade for me. (GBP/USD) The mptm has move me up to guaranteed 40 pip profit so its a nice trade now. I have turned off the MPTM because the SL is now just below the S/R line. So if price retraces back down I have my profit if it continues up it wont close out the trade early on a retrace.  If price did continue to go down and not enter off of the 3x3 then I could put the low EA on again and get a deeper entrance. I may develop an EA that does either/or, enter at 3x3 cross or the deepest low/high. Once I am at the bottom 10-15% of the screen I want to get my best entrance but I do want my entrance. There is a lot of flexibility here.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Bob, Could you post the fourths indicator when you get a chance. I tried to modify the thirds indicator but it won't show the top line correctly. Also, does the trailing stop feature work on the EA's? When you set the trailing stop to true, 30, does the ea set the TS to 30 when you're up 30 or does it set TS to 30 as soon as the trade initiates? thanks

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
I have not used that feature in MPTM yet since MT4 has its own. It will be last on my list. The original thirds indicator is found here along with a variant.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...97#post3464597

The posted fourths indicator is found at the paper clip in the upper right hand corner.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
2nd verse er 10th verse same as the first. Roll over Fido, play dead, play dead. ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ Took some small profits for the sake of taking some profit. I have the EAs turned on in case they bounce back down and reenter. For example I had the EA on for the nzd/usd and it took two trades and profited at the green line. One was for +19 and the other for +11. The USD/JPY did a nice small run so I took that also. Put the sell high pink on to see if following the trend down will work.   Broke even out of the gbp/usd. Still eeked out 126 pip profit and reduced my DD. Saw nothing new so we sit and wait on the market to do its thing. This also is playing havoc on my testing because there is nothing to test. Dont know what indicators and EAs will do if price doesnt move.

TAKE PROFITS
eur/gbp +72
nzd/jpy +5
usd/cad +19
usd/jpy  -23 L2 +63

STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
gbp/usd  -85 L2 +75
OPEN TRADES
aud/chf, -70 ver. 3 trade -3 (staying in a 100pip range for 6 days now)
aud/jpy  -187  ver. 3  -127

aud/nzd, -112 ver.3 -74
aud/usd -84
eur/aud, -198 ver. 3 -112 divergance turned off EA
eur/cad  -155  L2 -53
gbp/nzd -203 L2 -74
gbp/chf not entered

TOTALS

total for day +126
for the week +126
for the month  +1275

Carry over     -1452
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Hey Bob,

Will the EA's work without the fourths indicator on the chart? I went to the attachment and downloaded the variant but it still divides my chart into equal thirds as original does.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
The EAs work anywhere on a chart. They are not based on any indicators but crossing MA. We just dont turn them on until they get beyond the lines. Anyway here is the fourths indicator. Enjoy.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
hey all -

anyone using GoMarkets Aus here? For some reason I'm having trouble getting the EA's to work...any help, comment etc would be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
3x3 v2 with SwingMan's Fourths_v2 (120 bars hilo) works great.

It has become my guide for all my manual trades.

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
I had the eur/gbp reenter for +25 and usd/cad +46 this was leaving on the 01 series EAs and following the trend. Dont know how I am going to report these yet because I am not calling them but keeping the EA on and following the trend. Finally seeing some price movement so getting out of some break even trades and taking some  profits. Trying to figure out some rules for following the trend. How long do I stay with it and when do I stop. ??? I know I am exiting some trades too early but still in testing mode.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/jpy  -17  ver. 3 +43
gbp/nzd  -13 L2 +116
gbp/chf +25 (nice move but hit my SL)
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
aud/usd -3
eur/cad   -58  L2 +44
OPEN TRADES
aud/chf, -49 ver. 3 trade +18
aud/nzd, -148 ver.3 -110
eur/aud, -155 ver. 3 -69 divergance turned off EA

TOTALS

total for day +137
for the week +263
for the month  +1412

Carry over     -513
primary trades
BUYS
eur/usd

gbp/jpy

gbp/usd
SELLS
usd/chf
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
I'm talking about the new EA's not the 3x3 cross EA's. This latest version won't trade unless you have crossed the fourths indicator, and then price touches your new NB indicator line, right? So I'm assuming the EA's won't work without the NB indicator and the fourths indicator  on the chart.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
The MPTM EA is fantastic. On a demo account I am using my 3x3 and on the aud/usd it moved up the sl to break even and both times it hit 0. (see green arrows) Then the third time price broke through for a nice move. The good thing about this though is when price on the 3x3 goes back to hit the 0 SL it also uncrosses and then the EA is waiting for the next cross. The chances of price going at least 20 pips on a cross on a 4H chart are very high so that also may really help on the DD. Anyways will be working with this more in the future. Here is the pic on the aud/usd.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
NO they are not based on the indicator. They will trade between the lines if you have them on. I have been testing between the lines trading with the trend. The pink series seems to do very well doing that.

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Thanks Bob. I sent a PM to you.

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
They will buy and sell anywhere on the chart, they are not tied to the indicator. That is why on some trades I am following the trend inside the lines.

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Here is a volatility range chart for each currency pair. It gives approximately the range of any currency pair during the last 5 weeks. You can see I broke them down into categories. You can now trade pairs based on their average volatility.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Thanks very much

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
This is getting hard on how to report my trades, this is so much more discretionary. hmmmmmmmmmm again not much happened yesterday. I have to report possible trade scenarios even though they may not happen until later. AUD/NZD just wont retrace but it is going nowhere either. Forex is about businesses doing business and I dont see much business being transacted.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/chf, . 3 trade +0 hit my break even and reentered
eur/aud, ver. 3 +25

STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/chf, -49 ver. 3 trade -25
aud/nzd, -178 ver.3 -140 level 2 -25
eur/aud, -155
eur/usd entered then hit my break even

gbp/jpy -31

gbp/usd -61
usd/chf never  entered

TOTALS

total for day +25
for the week +288
for the month  +1437

Carry over     -664
primary trades
BUYS
chf/jpy

eur/aud

eur/gbp

eur/jpy

gbp/chf
SELLS
aud/chf
Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Hi BOB

You have to reload the new fixed version of stevehopwood`s mptm. apparently there was abig bug spotted and the fixed version (without a version as usual) can be found on the mptm thread at http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=89371

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
The version I uploaded recently is an earlier, tested version which does not have this bug. It also has the extra routines added which give better error information & better order control. Personally I would continue to use the tested version. Steve does not use version numbers, but I track his versions by creation date.

Look back if you need to download it.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Thanks very much MACMAN will use your version since as you quite rightly stated, your version is tried tested and refined. I agree that not using version numbers can be a nuisance but this are steve`s rules and if we wish to use the fruits of his labour we have to abide by his rules. The man is a EA making machine.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
macman,

Thank you for your contributions to the thread . Using the earlier version of the manager, can you tell me if my settings are correct if I want to close .01 lots of a .02 lot trade when I'm up 50 pips and trail the remaining .01 lot by 20 pips? I have BE set to true, BE pips set to 50, BE profit set to 30, partial close enabled set to true, close lots set to.01, preserve lots set to .01, trailing stop set to true, trailing stop pips set to 20 .   thank you

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Not quite -

Think should be:

BreakEven=true

BreakEvenPips=50 (500 if you are on a 5 digit borker)

BreakEvenProfit=0

PartCloseEnabled=true

Close_Lots=0.01

Preserve_Lots=0.01

TrailingStop=true

TrailingStopPips=20 (200 if you are on a 5 digit borker)

TrailAfterBreakevenOnly=true

As usual no guarantees

Best of luck

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
thanks much mac.

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Astral and Macman maybe you can answer this question for me. I like the MPTM a lot and I am learning how to use it. I have not tested the trailing stop yet because I am working with the jump start so my first question is does it work well? Second question, when it closes a trade will it close all the trades of that currency pair or just that one trade. I know I am having trouble with my EAs closing all the trades when I only want it to close one. That is why I am using different Magic numbers but it does not seem to be working out that way. The issue I am facing at this point is the MPTM works great when you have one trade going on a pair but when I get into multiple levels I am not sure it is working properly. Do you have any advice or experience using it in this area.

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
IMHO a jumping stop gives better results than a trailing stop - both routines work fine.

The MPTM handles each trade individually, including any hedge trades it opens. For instance in my manual trading I will often have 6 trades open, 3 buy & 3 sell and each is handled individually according to the rules set for that currency pair. The hedge trades are opened by the MPTM, at a set pip loss.

Hope that helps ...

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Thanks for your answer, I am trying to get my EAs and MPTM to work together seamlessly but that is not happening right now. My live account which I am  showing here live every day is up 18% for the month but my other account which I am using penny trades but different EA and MPTM settings is up a nickel. It actually would have made more money but I am having trouble with all the trades being closed on that pair when my EAs close a trade. Pink to green is working great on one level trades but not multi level trades. I am willling to hang onto the losing trade but want to keep taking the winning trades if price is just going to bounce around for a while. I may have to go back to the old EA I had been using for years but it doesnt close at the green line just on X amount of pips. However, if you have different Magic Numbers with that EA it wont close the rest of the trades up. I think its because of my setting when price crosses the MA line close trade will do all of them but if I use TP at 50 pips it will only close that one. Working out the bugs. I think if I use my old EA only for entrances and at X pips take profit with the MPTM I will solve most of my problems. That EA I can do an either or. If price hit pink or white line enter trade or 3x3 cross enter trade. MPTM moves SL at 15 or 20 and we ill be a winner. However, if it enters at 3x3 cross and TP it will immediately reenter. HMMMMMMMM.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Can anyone clean this up for me. This is the Thirds indicator with comments. It gives the height of the screen and distance between the lines of for each pair. Hanover did this for me put I would like a simpler program than this. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Bob,

Couldn't you manage the different level trades on a pair by selecting the manage by ticket number option for each chart you have open . Open a second chart with the manager controlling just the L2 trade. Third chart with manager  could control just the L3 trade.

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Sorry I am late guys but slept in late this morning. OK markets finally moved. down on some gbp trades but others looking good. Prices retrace today will end up with a decent week. I hope to put out my 1st part of version 3 and I think I will surprise some of you. Happy trading.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/chf, +22 ver. 3 trade +46

aud/nzd +27 dont need 3 levels that tight.

chf/jpy hit my SL 0 then reentered

eur/gbp +23
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/aud, -40
OPEN TRADES
aud/nzd, -126 ver.3 -88
eur/usd DID NOT REENTER

gbp/jpy -315 2L-36

gbp/usd -196  2nd 0
usd/chf +42

chf/jpy -55 2ndL +32

eur/aud not entered turned EA back off

eur/gbp -74 2L 0 EA reentered after first TP

eur/jpy didnt turn my EA on but would have been profitable EA off now

gbp/chf -143 2L -22
SELLS

TOTALS

total for day +78
for the week +366
for the month  +1515

Carry over     -981
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
I used the above settings but manager didn't do exactly what I wanted. It closed 1/2 my position when I reached +50(which is good) but didn't set a trailing stop of 20 on the remaining 1/2. It set a hard stop back at my original BE point. Can you tell me what I'd need to change to get a trailing stop set on the second half of the trade when it goes up 50 pips. Would I have to change the TrailAfterBreakevenOnly to false? thank you

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Yes, think TrailAfterBreakevenOnly=false is correct - sorry my bad ...

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
For a rough month nailed almost 1600 pips. I will take that. I am going to revamp  how I report my trades and also will start a new thread. You will be shocked but it will be a follow the trend system using Swingman's indicator. I think you will like it.

TAKE PROFITS
usd/chf +45
chf/jpy 2ndL +35
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/nzd, -96 ver.3 -52
chf/jpy -67

eur/gbp -112 2L -41 these are too close together.
gbp/chf -239 2L -118 3L +32
gbp/jpy -393 2L-120

gbp/usd -221  2nd -95 l3 +52

TOTALS

total for day +80
for the week +446
for the month  +1595

Carry over     -981
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
My new thread is a trend following thread: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=1#post3504437

So I will stay with the 3x3 cross here and use the MPTM to keep me out of trouble. We will see which one does better. So now I have three different threads. Trading a range, Counter trend trading and Trend trading. Let us see who the winner will be.

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
I'm a bit confused now, is this ea only managing trades opend by the 3x3 EA or is it also opening trades based on the 25% golden lines? If it's only a managing EA why not combine them the 3x3 EA to one EA? Is anyone using them both one on one chart and one on the other same pair TF chart?

If have had the mptm ea on a few charts for a week.... (no action at all) .

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
mptm does not open trades, it only manages the SL line. It brings the SL line ot break even after 20 pips and if you use the Jump MPTM it will move the SL line up every 25 pips. You only enter trades when you turn on the EA. The EA only enters when price crosses. If you use the 3x3 then a trade is entered at the cross. If you use the 100 or 200 series EAs the EA enters when price crosses the white or pink lines depending on which one you use. We tested version 3 here but when I finalized it I moved it on to a new thread because it bacame a trend following system. This thread will continue to be a countertrend system.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
yuck that was an ugly day. Complained that forex market was not moving well it did today.  Not liking my positions gbp. I will just bail out of all the trades if they keep sinking today. Hung onto the gbp/usd but bailed on the gbp/chf and gbp/jpy. Will take most of the month to recover if not all.

TAKE PROFITS
usd/jpy +60

STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
gbp/chf -601

gbp/jpy -441
OPEN TRADES
aud/nzd, -136 ver.3 -92
chf/jpy -69

eur/gbp -228 2L -157 3L +52
gbp/chf  2L -320 3L -170 4L  +106
gbp/jpy  2L-225  3L +90

gbp/usd -473  2nd -347 l3 -200

TOTALS

total for day -982
for the week -982
for the month-982

Carry over -2169
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS aud/chf

Secondary trades
BUYS eur/aud, eur/cad, usd/jpy

SELLS aud/nzd, aud/usd, eur/gbp,

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
I am still here. This is still my live account. The other thread is a demo, so I will keep reporting. So now we start recovery mode from a very bad day Monday.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/usd +20 hit my TS

eur/gbp 3L +72
gbp/chf 4L  +106 exit at R
gbp/jpy 3L +90 Hit R and retraced took the profit

usd/jpy hit my BE later reentered.
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/chf +28

aud/nzd, -243 2L -195 2nd L 0

aud/usd -27 reentry
chf/jpy -69 no change
eur/aud, 0
eur/cad, -19
eur/gbp -271 2L -200 3L0 TP and then reentered at the R line
gbp/chf  2L -388 3L -238 4L 0
gbp/jpy  2L-286 3L 0

gbp/usd -473  2nd -347 l3 -200 (no change) I have put a buy above the R line.
usd/jpy -26

TOTALS

total for day +288
for the week -694
for the month-694

Carry over -2934
primary trades
BUYS

Usd/Cad but not enterring that one for now. too many things going on.
SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
TAKE PROFITS
aud/chf  +91
eur/aud, +83

STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd, -300 2L -252 2nd L -57 What is up with this pair anyway??

aud/usd -37 reentry
chf/jpy -39
eur/cad, +24
eur/gbp -284 2L -212 3L-13
gbp/chf  2L -399 3L -249 4L -18
gbp/jpy  2L-250 3L +26

gbp/usd -398  2nd -272 l3 -125 L4 +17
usd/jpy -52

TOTALS

total for day +174
for the week -520
for the month-520

Carry over -2890
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS eur/nzd
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Ninningbob: where to get your 3x3 EA? I am new to your thread. I did not see the EA in the download on your first page. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
They should be pg 1. post 1 but I will post some new ones this weekend. I have the mptm and a new set of EAs to post. They seem to work well together.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
What is the name for your 3x3 EA? I only see 150 and 200 Buy/Sell EAs in your ZIP file on P1 post #1.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
That is them, the number represent the reentry figure. The 150 will reenter every 150 and the 200 reenters every 200 pips.

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Got out of 2 of the GBP trades and reduced my DD in half. So a good day. See you tomorrow.

TAKE PROFITS
eur/cad, +0 hit my SL
gbp/jpy  2L-120 3L +156
usd/jpy +30
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
gbp/usd -243  2nd -117 l3 +30 L4 +172

total -158
OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd, -361 2L -313 2nd L -118 What is up with this pair anyway??

aud/usd +21
chf/jpy -39
eur/gbp -236 2L -165 3L+34
eur/nzd  -33
gbp/chf  2L -316 3L -167 4L +64 L4 SL set at +50

TOTALS

total for day -122
for the week -642
for the month-642

Carry over -1629
primary trades
BUYS eur/cad nzd/chf, nzd/usd

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
Bob, i'm demoing these EA's aswell also on a gomarkets 5 digits demo account. But it's not opening any traders at all. No errors in the experts tab. I have tried version 2 and the latest version 3.1 all the ea's buy,sell, pink etc. Any suggestions?

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Oh I have heard of this problem before. Make sure the TP and SL are off and the lots are on .10 or higher. I think I tried demoing on one of their demos and never got it to work. Go to my 60x90 thread I think some guys have figured out the answer there. Just post a question asking how they go the EA to work and someone will answer.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Man it seems like forever since I have had a big day. Good moves all over the board and we are out of those gbp trades, wiped out my DD and cleaned the board except for the aud/nzd pair. My stupid 2L trade there is killing me or I would have wiped that one out too and set up a reentrance. Breathing much easier after a really bad Monday and looks like now we can set up a winning month. Once again with some patience the system works. We survive another bad run. I will post my choices for Monday later. Also will change my EA entrances. Will  post that later too.   Wish I had done the nzd/jpy also. dang.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/usd +0
chf/jpy +90
eur/nzd +187

eur/cad +39

nzd/chf, +90

nzd/usd +101
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/gbp -159 2L -92 3L+111
gbp/chf  2L -225 3L -75 4L +186

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd, -279 2L -231 2nd L -36

TOTALS

total for day+248
for the week -394
for the month-394

Carry over -546
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Since I am going to be demoing various versions of the High Low EAs I decided to stay with the MA cross here. I have changed to a 1x1 and mix it with the MPTM. It breaks even after 15 pips so in my testing all the trades but one either profited or hit the break even. I also added +5 pip profit so all the BE made 5 pips. I said this cool so I will do more of it this week. Anyway here are my trades.

The 1x1 is a median  and then shift 1. My study shows on a 4H chart it will almost always move 20 pips so I will get my breakeven and then ..............

Buys

eur/cad

eur/aud

SELLS

aud/usd

aud/jpy

aud/chf

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
aud/nzd making me nervous  so I closed some of it, but the rest looks good.

TAKE PROFITS

STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
aud/nzd, 2L -183 2nd L3 +12

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd, -231
Buys

eur/cad hit my BE will turn it on again.

eur/aud -20

SELLS

aud/usd +18

aud/jpy +28

aud/chf -14
TOTALS

total for day -171
for the week -171
for the month-565

Carry over -219
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
I saw the aud/jpy and eur/jpy had nice profits so I closed the eur/jpy and let the aud/jpy run ...................... well it didnt.

TAKE PROFITS
aud/jpy +5

eur/jpy +109
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd, -270
aud/usd -55

aud/chf -100

eur/cad -47

eur/aud not entered

TOTALS

total for day +114
for the week -57
for the month-451

Carry over -472
primary trades
BUYS eur/nzd

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS eur/gbp, nzd/chf, nzd/usd

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Sometimes I think I am talking to myself here.  Took the eur/nzd profit and will hang onto the other NZD and see how far they run today. Rid of that DD and now looking to be in position to still make profit this month. I post these trades so you can see how Forex is really an up and down business.

TAKE PROFITS
eur/aud +68

eur/nzd +201
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS
aud/nzd, -200 OK that is enough of that trade.

OPEN TRADES

aud/usd -47

aud/chf -51  +42

eur/cad -24
SELLS

eur/gbp, -1

nzd/chf, +80

nzd/usd  +48

TOTALS

total for day +69
for the week +8
for the month-382

Carry over -47
primary trades
BUYS gbp/chf

SELLS chf/jpy, aud/jpy
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Well it is 60 for and 59 against. You show guys how to get out of bad trades and they think the system is bad because you have bad trades. Well growup, it is part of trading so get used to it and learn how to handle it.

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Glad I closed out the Aud/Nzd trade yesterday. It took a jump back up so now we sell it again. Nawwwwww its Friday. Good day though almost back in profit. We could catch a couple of  profits today and have the last half of the month to rack up some gains. See you tomorrow.
TAKE PROFITS
aud/chf -41  +51

eur/cad +20 set my SL at +20 Played to see if it would run, it didnt
eur/gbp, +44
gbp/chf +66
nzd/chf, +137

nzd/usd  +46
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/jpy  -64

aud/usd -67
chf/jpy, -61

TOTALS

total for day +323
for the week +331
for the month-59

Carry over +192
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS eur/jpy
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
quiet day stood pat. Wait for Monday.
TAKE PROFITS

STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/jpy  -41

aud/usd -95
chf/jpy, -119

eur/jpy +24

TOTALS

total for day +0
for the week +331
for the month-59

Carry over -231
primary trades
BUYS usd/chf

SELLS  eur/usd
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

Took the favorite pair section off. I am testing all currencies with version 3. Not using usd/sgd though.[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Just thought I would posta short note.....trading now for a little over 2 yrs and still on first account tho it be less than I started I am climbing back up....my problem was blindly trusting indicators....Since then I studied PA and now I'm slowly incorporating a few chioce indicators...RSI  and macd... I 'm watching  the 4h and Daily entering some trades on what I see so I applied your system to a few 4h charts and I'll  be watching to see if I can catch a few pips. I do trade lower time frames but mainly use the upper frames to come to directional decisions. Oh yea just happened to find you while surfing FF don't visit here much often like I used.  Till next time.

Darrell  (Rocknme)

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Welcome, Since I have started trading higher TF charts I at least make money. If you use higher TF charts and then go to lower charts to make your entrance, I think that is the best way to trade. Since I am not home much but am at work I use EAs to make my entrance and then manage most of the trade from there. I am going to  make one change and will be using starting Monday.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Woooow, Nanningbob! Just amazing how you reduced that nasty drawdown. Seems like you will end up with some pips even this month

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Just to let you know, I am changing from my 3x3 to a 6x6. I have demo tested it the last week and compared to the High/low system and the 3x3 system and it had the lowest DD and fewer false entrances. Here are the pics to compare. Just change it to 6 median LWMA 0 for one line and 6 Median LWMA shift 1 for the other line. Most of the week it was in the green and went very little in the red. Here are pics to compare. First pic is the 6x6 and the second is the old 3x3.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Put the 2 6x6 ML in your expert advisor folder. THe 6x6tpl in the template folder. The rest go in the indicators folder. It is simple. When price goes above the yellow 1/4 of the screen put on the sell EA and when price goes to the 1/4 bottom of the screen put on the buy. I will let you make your own buy and sell screens. Very simple screen. I also use the MPTM Universal BE and I had only one trade go into DD of more than 100 pips in my tests. So test it out but I will be using this instead of all the others. If it works out I will remove all the other EAs on page 1 and will go with just this one. Then I will see how I can use this as a trend following down the road since it doesnt look like it will have the problems we encountered on the other thread. Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Yes I think I will. I also think the 6x6 will solve my peek in trades I often got with the 3x3. I set my MPTM to 15 pips and BE with a 5 pip  profit and all week long it worked for me. If price goes 15 and back up it profits 5. If it goes back down again it will reenter but if it keeps going back up it wont on the buy EA. Same thing with the sell.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Hey Bob,

Will test the 6x6. Any rule of thumb for how long you leave the EA on. Example- Red, White and Blue have gone to other extreme? Or Blue recrosses Red? thanks. Feeling any older today?

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Say you have the 6x6 EA on the chart and trade hasn't kicked in yet. Can you put the trade manager on the chart at the same time so that when the trade initiates, the manager will automatically kick in and control the trade? Or do you have to wait until a trade initiates then apply the manager? thanks

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
I think that MPTM could be placed on any unused chart and it will mange all trades if you set it so.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
I put the MPTM on one unused chart and it manages all my trades. My internet is down at my house so I cant post results until later today. Sorry. Yes I am older today, dang. The rules for the 6x6 are the same as the 3x3. I just feel it will miss some of those peeker trades and if you eyeball the crosses you will almost always get a 20 pip movement on a 4H chart. I have noticed this in my demo trading. The 3x3 would enter and then price move against you but on the same trade the 6x6 would not enter. If the 6x6 does enter it almost always gets 20 pips and sets the BE with the MPTM. Only one time did it not do this. SO the DD seems to be much less. Well I have to go back and teach. Only get 10 minute break each hour.

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
OK you get two days for the price of one. I had to go through out my house with a small wire brush and clean out all the contacts to my phones and computer lines. They were all corroded. So we are up and running again.  Nice quiet start for the  week and lots of choices for today. After an awful start to the month we are back in profit with 2 weeks left. Time to bring some pips home. I added my favorite pairs section since I am basically using a variation of the 3x3 and that is a 6x6. Just more of a delay before entering but hoping for less DD. The high/low system is going into DEMO mode until I iron out some things. Not giving up on it but need to demo test before I bring it out again.
TAKE PROFITS
eur/jpy +104
eur/usd +73

usd/chf+10
STRADDLE TRADE

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/jpy  -62

aud/usd -130
chf/jpy, -127

TOTALS

total for day +187
for the week +187
for the month  +128

Carry over -319
primary trades
BUYS usd/chf

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS eur/cad,
SELLS  aud/jpy, aud/usd, chf/jpy, eur/jpy, eur/usd, nzd/jpy, nzd/usd,

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy

aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.

chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd

gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy

Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
not much happened yesterday. Loved seeing the no enter with the 6x6. I think it will do a much better job at that than the 3x3 did. MPTM also did a nice job on the EUR/CAD preventing that one from being part of a DD. So I think we have made some positive improvements. I removed the Straddle trade for now. Dont know if I need it for the 6x6. We will see. Pics below.
TAKE PROFITS
eur/cad, +5 waiting for reentry MPTM did its job
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/jpy  -103 I have put a 2L 6x6 on. If it crosses it will be my 2nd level. See what happens. see pic next post.

aud/usd -170 same as above
chf/jpy, -150 same as above, 2nd level entered -10
eur/cad, waiting for reentry
eur/jpy, -12

eur/usd, +19 MPTM set at +5

nzd/jpy, +16 just enterd moving in the right direction

nzd/usd, not entered yet.

usd/chf not etered yet.
TOTALS

total for day +5
for the week +192
for the month  +133

Carry over -410
primary trades
BUYS eur/nzd

SELLSgbp/jpy (will try at a smaller lot) gbp/usd (same thing)
Secondary trades
BUYS eur/aud,
SELLS nzd/chf

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Here is the aud/jpy trade I am putting on the 2nd L at the cross again. Trying that instead of the auto every 200 pips. See if that works. Also using a double lot size.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
the gbp/jpy is between the yellow lines but shows a primary trade. I will try it at 1/2 lot size and see what happens. The more volatile currencies have much more movement when the cross happens and the MPTM has shown reliability in gett the BE placed. Will see what happens.

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
The NZD/CHF is an interesting trade between the gold lines. I am taking it because the NZD/USD and the NZD/JPY are primary trades above the line so I am going to play all three to move south. It also has a set of railroad tracks which is a good sign for a reversal. See what happens. I put both pics up to show you why. NZD/USD is a classic primary trade and I take the NZD/CHF as an almost primary trade with it. NZD/JPY is also a classic primary trade now and the 6x6 has entered it as such.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Back to the aud/jpy trade. It was a primary trade that did not move enough pips to set the mptm. So we try for a better entrance this time. Pink arrow shows the first entrance. This is now a secondary trade, same signal as the earlier primary trade but now showing divergance. I like divergance trades because you usually will get more pips than a primary trade.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Divergance is pink line on MACD showing lower highs and the chart white line showing higher highs. This is showing loss of momentum of the upward price movement. Good signal that price is reversing. Also green line on chart shows a nice double top on the highs another indicator that price is reversing and upward movement is exhausted for now. Of course we realize that none of this is guaranteed but they are good signs.

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Interesting approach. I take it you're setting the step to a lower number to get EA to reenter at next cross.? How are you setting the trade manager to handle the second level trade. Because if you let it set on Manage All Trades, won't it kick out the L2 trade too early?

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Yes I am using the MPTM and each level has a different Magic number. So the step is at the cross and is caused by a seperate EA. So if the MPTM closes out a trade it doesnt close all the trades because the entrances each have a different magic number. So it will only close one trade at a time. So far I have had 19 - 5 pip trades which equals to almost 100 pips. kind of interesting. Will report in the morning/your evening. I am also testing the 6x6 with the trend trading system and am getting the results I thought I would get with the high low system. I want to run for a period of time on a demo though before I roll it out htis time. I want to make sure it really works. The theory is matched by performance.

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
My trade manager went nuts today. It stopped moving the trade to BE even though it alerted with the pop up window. Then it continued the audible alert with each tick on the alerted pair. I removed it from my charts then reapplied it and it stopped the every tick alert thing. Will see if it starts moving trades to BE again.

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
I've been trading the 4 hour charts using the 60x90 Bollinger Band EA with a manual entry after confirming that the red,white, and blue indicators are either above 80 or below 20.  Seems to be working pretty well.  Only issue is sometimes that point is reached when you are away from the PC.

Couldn't we program into the EA that the 1st entry is triggered when the BB band is touched AND all three indicators are either above 80 or below 20?

Or, has someone already done that?

Thanks,

Field

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Bob,

I'm not following you. Right now I have the manager set to manage all trades( which overrides all other settings) bringing them to BE + 5 pips after reaching 20 pips positive. If a L2 trade kicks in won't the manager treat it the same as the ongoing L1 trades and  set it to BE +5 also. That wouldn't be good.    Second  question- If I have max trades set to 3 and pips set to 200 on the 6x6 EA, will the EA wait for the price to go against me 200 pips and enter there or will it wait for the 200 step and enter at the next MA cross? thanks

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
If price backs up on the second trade and takes the +5 yes it is good because then you wont have a second DD trade. When price recrosses and enters again then you are in a better trade  position.

One EA will reenter every 200 pips, if you use a second EA later with a different magic number then it will reenter at the cross. Since the EAs have different magic number the MPTM will handle them as separate trades not as one. If one closes the other does not. If it is the same ea when one trade closes so will the other.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
I dont know if anyone has done that and it is doable, little complicated but will look at it.  Actually that question should be in the 60x90 thread.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Dont know how I am going to report this but because of the MPTM and price bouncing around the crosses I had 24 trades yesterday with 1 losers. 19 were the MPTM hitting the +5 pips so that was 95 pips. So I will report those as one trade andthen do the individual trades. Anyway one of my best days in a while and my monthly pips is starting to go up again.
TAKE PROFITS
19 MPTM at +5 = 95 pips.
eur/jpy, +105

eur/usd +100 set my tp for that but it went farther, dang.
usd/chf +58

CLOSED FOR LOSS
chf/jpy +50 -80 lost pips but small profit with the larger lot size on the 2nd trade.

OPEN TRADES
aud/jpy  -60 2L -25 Now I have to see how I am going to prevent this second trade after several winners on the +5

aud/usd -135 2L -11
eur/cad, waiting for reentry two days now, love it as it waits to enter.
eur/nzd not entered
eur/aud, not entered
gbp/jpy -24 had 4 mptm +5

gbp/usd -3  had 3 mptm +5 hmmmmmmmm
nzd/chf  not entered
nzd/jpy, -50 this is one that hit my +5 several times yesterday interesting.

nzd/usd, -18

usd/chf -17 reentered this trade.

TOTALS

total for day +328
for the week +520
for the month  +461

Carry over -343
primary trades
BUYS eur/gbp

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS chf/jpy
OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Sorry, you're right.  I'm kind of doing a hybrid between the 60x90 and the 4hr strategy.  I'll post over there too.  Maybe one of the other coders can look into it as well.

Thanks,

Field

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
This and the next post show my trades(except for a few manual trades using another strategy) for the last four trading days  using the 6x6. Closed a couple down before TP was reached. I turned on the EA's when price crossed the fourths line regardless of where Red,White and Blue were. I traded dimes on 20 pairs minus the GBP/JPY. I set TP to 50 and used the trade manager to bring trade to BE +5 when up 20 pips. Deciding when to turn EA's off was the thing. In general I turned them off after they opened a trade if 50 pips was going to put me back over the fourths line going in the opposite direction. So in total, I had 28 trades that retraced back to BE +5 for a total of 140 pips. Then 6 trades that went the 50 pips and TP'd. for another 300 pips. So total trades gave 440 pips for the four days. I likes what I see. No L2 trades needed yet although I have the EUR/CHF set to reenter at the next MA cross.

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
The last of my trades for the four days.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
I am also thinking of putting in a filter so the EA wont enter after a TP. Not sure how I can do that and still get the entrance at the cross but will look at it. Just a side note using the 6x6 on the trend following system looks promising also.

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Bob,

My post #613 on this thread shows changes needed to stop reentry after a TP. I'm not sure if these changes will prevent reentry after a stop(retrace to BE) is hit but I think it does. The thing is that you want EA to reenter sometimes so that would be  something if you could come up with a filter. Maybe a filter that would allow reentry until white stoch or RSI reaches other extreme might be good. Here is post 613.bool YesStop;
bool isTPSL=False;

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| expert initialization function |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int init()

{

//----

//----

return(0);

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| expert deinitialization function |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int deinit()

{

//----

DeleteAllObjects();

//----

return(0);

}

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

//| expert start function |

//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

int start()

{

//----

int cnt=0;

bool result;

string text="";

string version="VERSI INI DAH EXPIRED...SILA YM xxul_gunturean utk  penggantian";

// skrip masa trading

if (UseTradingHours)

{

YesStop = true;

if (lotsi<0.01) lotsi=0.01;

if (lotsi>100) lotsi=100;

OpenOrders=0;

MarketOpenOrders=0;

LimitOpenOrders=0;

for(cnt=0;cnt<OrdersTotal();cnt++)

{

if (OrderSelect(cnt, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES))

{

if (OrderSymbol()==Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber() ==  MagicNumber)

{

if (OrderType()==OP_BUY || OrderType()==OP_SELL)

{

MarketOpenOrders++;

LastOrderOpenTime=OrderOpenTime();

}

if (OrderType()==OP_SELLLIMIT || OrderType()==OP_BUYLIMIT)  LimitOpenOrders++;

OpenOrders++;

}

}

}
if(PreviousOpenOrders>OpenOrders) isTPSL=True;

if (OpenOrders<1)

{

if (!TradeOnFriday && DayOfWeek()==5)

{

Comment("TradeOnfriday is False");

return(0);

}

}

...................................  ...................................   ..........

}

if (PreviousOpenOrders>OpenOrders)

{

ContinueOpening = false;

for(cnt=OrdersTotal()-1;cnt>=0;cnt--)

{

if (OrderSelect(cnt, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES))

{

mode=OrderType();

if ((OrderSymbol()==Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber() ==  MagicNumber) || AllSymbolsProtect)

{

if (mode==OP_BUY || mode==OP_SELL)

{

OrderClose(OrderTicket(),OrderLots( ),OrderClosePrice(),slippage,Arrows   Color);

return(0);

}

}

}

}

for(cnt=0;cnt<OrdersTotal();cnt++)

{

if (OrderSelect(cnt, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES))

{

mode=OrderType();

if ((OrderSymbol()==Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber() ==  MagicNumber) || AllSymbolsProtect)

{

if (mode==OP_SELLLIMIT || mode==OP_BUYLIMIT || mode==OP_BUYSTOP ||  mode==OP_SELLSTOP)

{

OrderDelete(OrderTicket());

return(0);

}

}

}

}

}

PreviousOpenOrders=OpenOrders;

if (OpenOrders>=MaxTrades)

{

ContinueOpening=False;

} else {

ContinueOpening=(isTPSL==False);

}

Delete the next line and bracket  http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/quote.gif

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
But I want the EA to reenter again if the conditions are right. So I am thinking that one through. What I may borrow from your code is if trades # is 0 use 6x6 cross, if trade is 1 or higher than use the reentry formula. I think something like that will work.

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
I went to Bei Hai for a short break this weekend and didnt have my MPTM running, so it was a more normal type of day. Had great time, good food, great wife, nice hotel on an island, you guys should come visit me in China sometime. I closed all my trades that were in profit so I wouldnt lose them with the gaps monday or cause myself to face a large DD if some crazy news happened. Actually I saw I could beat Toothman with his 440 pips so .............. sorry.

Ended up a real nice day though so cant complain. I havent had a 500 pips day in several months so that was nice. My month is now solidly on the postive side. Just shows again that the system works if you stay with it even if you get hit on a bad day. Took me less than two weeks to recover and then a third to get me solidly in profit.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM at +5 = 0
aud/usd L2 +24
chf/jpy  +25

eur/gbp +67
eur/nzd +33
gbp/jpy +100 I put both of my GBP trades at TP 100 because I was traveling but would have done better if I hadnt. But not complaints here.
gbp/usd  +100
nzd/chf   +27
nzd/jpy,  +3
nzd/usd, +63

usd/chf +58
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
aud/jpy  -51 2L -16

aud/usd -102 2L -11
eur/aud, not entered
eur/cad,-106 entered than dropped like a rock

TOTALS

total for day +500
for the week +1020
for the month  +961

Carry over -286
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS EUR/NZD, CHF/JPY
SELLS
OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matches minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
63 FOR 60 AGAINST. Allways get some negative votes everytime I have a DD but then successfully work my way out using the 2.4.2 recovery system. Cant complain at all.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
I may have trouble getting online the next couple of weeks. China and the USA are getting into a fight over China's fixed currency rate. Since these stories are appearing on FF I am finding my access to this website blocked at times. If I dont post, it is not because I dont want to, it is because I cant get to this site. (For example my local USA paper sports writer wrote an article about Tiger Woods and how the Dali Lhama didnt know him. Now his sports blogs are blocked and I cant read his articles without a VPN or PROXY server). Appreciate your freedoms and having governments that allow their people to hear all sides of a story. I am having a very difficult time getting to this site lately without using a proxy or VPN. Sometimes my VPN wont work and other times the proxies are broken and I have to find a new one. It used to be easy to get to FF from China but I am having difficulties.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Bob,

I have a request in the programming section for an indicator that will help us with back testing. An indicator that would show the exact price that a 6x6 cross occurred. This will help us decide while back testing exactly where a trade kicked in and wether price then moved far enough to get a BE set. Will let you know if anyone comes up with something.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Don't think they'll be able to create an indicator because we're using the median price but I had a little brain storm that should get us close to the exact price at cross. Run the EA through the strategy tester and see where the trade was made. Take a guess where this cross(fx solutions platform) occurred.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Tester says 163.21 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So I know I would have been safe with a buy here and a BE at +20.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
I am not quite sure what you are asking? Your ticket when it enters gives you the entrance price and time. The high or low of a candle would give you the most extreme price so you can check to see if it went the x # of pips. The NB exposure or iexposure indicator gives you the entrance price and the sell/buy line on your screen gives you the entrance price with the spread included. In back testing there is an arrow on the screen giving price and entrance and you would have to manually check it against the high and low. However, backtesting will use higher and higher TF the farther back in time you go so the less accurate the entrance price would be. Back testors dont use the variable spreads so they are not that accurate for what you what I think. Eye ball backtesting actually will give you the best results in this case if you want to stare at the screen all day.

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Bob,

I'm talking about looking back at 6x6 crossings, not present trades being made. Present trades show the entrance price,yes but if you look back say a year and see a cross, you can't tell exactly at what price the cross happened. You can eyeball some crosses and guess pretty closely what the price was at cross but if you get a cross on a long candle like in the chart I posted above, you have no idea. I may be wrong but I think the tester will be more accurate than trying to eyeball a cross like the one I posted above.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
I think if you put a +20 TP it will tell if it hits the TP or not. Of course this will only count for the first trade because the EA will reenter and that info will do you no good after that. My eyeball testing and demo live testing showed me you get fewer false entrances as compared to the 3x3 but you will still get some misses. Dont think you will ever undo that, you will always get some.

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
My belief is that all EAs use indicators and all indicators do not predict news stories or strong fundamentals and need monitoring or human intervention. No matter what indicators we use sooner or later the market will move in a way that will defeat them. Having some knowledge of fundamentals is important to Forex trading. For example, If Greece files bankruptcy or the USA and China get into a pissing match over exchange rates, no indicator can predict the outcome or change of direction either when or how much. Indicators have limitations and if you understand those limitations they are valuable tools in trading. For example, if Greece goes bankrupt sell Euros no matter what the indicators are saying.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
All I'm saying is, if you run this EA through the tester( and I agree it's not completely accurate) it tells you there was a cross at 163.21 on that candle in Aug. of 08 and price moved far enough to set a BE with a BE at +20 setting. I'd have no idea what price was at cross by eyeballing it. I'm really liking this 6x6 setting in conjunction with the trade manager. Great work Bob.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
300 pips yesterday and i was sloppy not taking the profits on the eur/nzd and chf/jpy. They both had nice runs and thought they would keep going but they retraced and lost it. Maybe should have put a +50 0n them or something. But still a decent day. hmmmmm will think about that one.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 17 at +5 = +85

aud/cad +61

aud/chf +20
aud/jpy  both hit the +5 of the mptm counted above

aud/usd one hit the +5 of the mptm

eur/cad +32 and +61

nzd/chf +40

nzd/usd +42
CLOSED FOR LOSS
eur/cad,-41 didnt like this trade and closed it.
OPEN TRADES

aud/usd -212 2L 0

EUR/NZD, -19 this one hit my +5 3 times. nice move that I didnt catch the profit on

CHF/JPY -5 Decideded to see if it would run and left it going. Hit my +5  3 times but missed the +70 HMMMMMMMMM that was two trades yesterday I missed TP because I let them run and only got the +5.
eur/aud, -40

eur/usd +11

TOTALS

total for day +300
for the week +300
for the month  +1268

Carry over -265
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS eur/aud, eur usd
SELLS Aud/jpy

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:

This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,

4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility.        __________________

I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
After a couple of really good days we had a quiet one. See you tomorrow.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 3 at +5 = +15
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
Aud/jpy -42
aud/usd -185 2L hit my +5
CHF/JPY hit my +5 not entered
eur/aud, -154

EUR/NZD, -82
eur/usd -75

TOTALS
total for day +15
for the week +315
for the month +1283
Carry over -538
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote][/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
I changed the +5 to +10 and reenter every 20 instead of 15 to see how it would do. Picked up a nice 100 pips.  I have discovered a problem and not sure how to fix it. When you have a 2nd level trade and it goes for the +10 on the MPTM the EA on L2 will also close the 1st level trade. So the Eur/aud and eur/usd trade closed the 1st level trade when it closed the 2nd level trade of +10. Then it opened a new trade (the new trade is not a problem but closing the first level trade is). Now if you enter the 2nd level and turn the EA off you dont have the problem because with the MPTM you will only close one trade but with the EA on it will close both trades. Will have to see if I can solve that problem. So I had a losing day even though under normal conditions I would not have. Right now I will have to turn the mptm off during 2nd level trades or turn the EA off but sometimes I am not there during the 2nd level entrance and TP on the MPTM. The MPTM is not the problem but the EA is. You can see the EUR/NZD I was able to turn off the EA and the MPTM did score a +10 without closing the 1st level trade.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 10 at +10 = +100
CLOSED FOR LOSS

eur/aud -192 +10 was figured in above.

eur/usd -190 +10 was figured in above.
OPEN TRADES
Aud/jpy   -136
aud/usd -51
CHF/JPY -77
eur/aud, -53 new trade.

EUR/NZD, -249  2L -53
eur/usd -132

TOTALS
total for day -282
for the week +33
for the month +1001
Carry over -751
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS usd/jpy
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS nzd/jpy

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Sorry guys overslept and have to teach first thing. I will report later today.

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
I am trying out an EA that will only close the trade the MPTM is closing so we will see how it works. I am using it for my 2nd and 3rd level entrances. If it works it wont close the 2nd or 3rd levels. If it doesnt I probably will end up posting some unnecessary losses tomorrow. That wont be the system fault but using the MPTM will get more complicated. It will probably mean using more MPTM than one. Each one using a different magic number. So level 1 will have magic number of 11 and you will need an mptm for it and 2nd level magic number will be 12 and you will need a mptm for it. I hope I wont need to do that. The mptm is giving me pip bonus every day.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 5 at +10 = +50
aud/usd +12
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
Aud/jpy   -163 waiting for cross for 2nd level
CHF/JPY -126 waiting for cross for 2nd level
eur/aud, -26

EUR/NZD, -317  2L -119 waiting for cross for 3rd level
eur/usd -133 waiting for cross for 2nd level

nzd/jpy not entered

usd/jpy not entered
TOTALS
total for day  +62
for the week +95
for the month +1063
Carry over -884
primary trades
BUYS eur/cad,

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS gbp/usd
SELLS nzd/chf

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Hi Bob,

You must delete the follwing passage in the 6x6-EA:

if (PreviousOpenOrders>OpenOrders)

{

for(cnt=OrdersTotal()-1;cnt>=0;cnt--)

{

if (OrderSelect(cnt, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES))

{

mode=OrderType();

if ((OrderSymbol()==Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber() == MagicNumber) || AllSymbolsProtect)

{

if (mode==OP_BUY || mode==OP_SELL)

{

OrderClose(OrderTicket(),OrderLots(),OrderClosePrice(),slippage,ArrowsColor);

return(0);

}

}

}

}

for(cnt=0;cnt<OrdersTotal();cnt++)

{

if (OrderSelect(cnt, SELECT_BY_POS, MODE_TRADES))

{

mode=OrderType();

if ((OrderSymbol()==Symbol() && OrderMagicNumber() == MagicNumber) || AllSymbolsProtect)

{

if (mode==OP_SELLLIMIT || mode==OP_BUYLIMIT || mode==OP_BUYSTOP || mode==OP_SELLSTOP)

{

OrderDelete(OrderTicket());

return(0);

}

}

}

}

This passage is responsible for the multiple close of all open trades with the same Symbol and MagicNumber!!

If you delete that Closing-Part of the EA it will only open trades and do not close any trade.

With the MPTM-EA you can use the "ManageByTicketNumber" instead of "ManageByMagicNumber".

aiti

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
That's strange. I had a level 2 closed by the manager last night on a buy EUR/USD and it didn't close my L1 trade on that pair. I used a different magic number on the L2 trade. You changed the magic number for the EA on your chart for the next cross, right?

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Bob,  Another L2 trade (buy GBP/USD) closed on my platform today when it backed up to my BE and left my L1 alone. So I don't know why it's not doing the same thing for you. Was your trade a buy or a sell? Mine were both buys.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
It has happened several times but I have fixed the problem, I think. Are you using the new EA or the old one which has multi level trades. I am using the multi level trade one so it closes all trades if you close one. I just reset that number in the code so it doesnt close all and it seems to be working fine now. The Eur/NZD went 2nd level and then the 2nd level at 2 MPTM closes at +10 and now is 40 some pips to the good. I am really beginning to love this MPTM. It punishes brokers that like going after SL. Cant decide which is better +5 or +10. It is picking up a lot of extra pips here and there every day and they are beginning to add up. My modem went out on my home computer today so I am at the office. I wont be able to post results until I get the new one in. I probably missed several entrances and MPTM trades because of it.

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Guys go to this thread for some new cool screens. I will start using these in the future.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=1#post3589177

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
I'm using the latest version you posted in post #1172.  Max. trades set to 1 and I change the magic number once EA is on the chart when I want it to reenter on the next cross. It's too early to tell whether I like using the manager on the second level trades. So far it's kicked me out at BE+5 on the L2 trade where without the manager I would be have been out of the trade with both levels by now.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
I can see where the MPTM would limit the high low system. Price retracing to a high would not be as frequent as returning to a 6x6 cross. Price reenters after a TP on the 6x6 but it would have to go above the high/low again on the high/low system.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
After being down with no modem for 48 hours. I am up again. Great Friday trading though and a great week.  Couple more days left in the month and looking great. Eur/Cad came in strong for me with + 138 but also had 3 or my 5 plus 10 for a 168 total on the day. Dang.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 5 at +10 = +50
eur/aud, +78

eur/cad, +138

EUR/NZD, 3rd level +112
eur/usd 2nd level +50
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
Aud/jpy   -114 missed the 2nd level trade.
CHF/JPY -169 waiting for cross for 2nd level

EUR/NZD, -159  2L +39
eur/usd -54
gbp/usd +10
nzd/chf  +40
nzd/jpy not entered

usd/jpy not entered
TOTALS
total for day  +428
for the week +523
for the month +1491
Carry over -407
primary trades
BUYS gbp/chf, aud/nzd

SELLS gbp/jpy, eur/jpy
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
wow Bob! fantastic results as always!

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Another good day. The gaps hit in my favor so took my profit and ran.  I like how my month is ending up.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 6 at +10 = +60

aud/cad +33

aud/nzd  +41
EUR/NZD, -95  2L +104
eur/usd +50
gbp/chf, +35

gbp/jpy,+20

gbp/usd +64
nzd/chf   +68
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
Aud/jpy   -233  2nd -20
CHF/JPY -197 waiting for cross for 2nd level
eur/jpy -36
nzd/jpy -60

usd/jpy - 9
TOTALS
total for day  +380
for the week +903
for the month +1871
Carry over -555
primary trades
BUYS NO NEW SETUPS TODAY.

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
You're pretty slick. Really nice month considering how it started. I'm currently at +1212 since the 12 of the month with about the same DD as you. I'm thinking of going to a BE +10 setting. How far are you letting trades go before your BE+10 kicks in? I've been letting trades get +20 before BE +5 kicks in.

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
I have used two different setting +15 for +5 and +20 for +10. It is hard to tell which one is better but either way picking up those extra 40-70 pips every day is great. Kind of like a scalping kicker. It used to be we sometimes waited days for price to move to get a profit but now almost every day we get something. It is nice to see sometimes I have gotten 2 or 3 +10 on a currency before it goes into DD like -70 so it helps cover some of the DD. Next week I may set up 2 demos and compare +5 with +10 and try to do identical trades. See which way pickes up more. I have also added a jump of +30 and it moves profit another 10 pips. So far it has not been hit.

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
One of the things missing from every trading course and thread I have seen is showing people what to do when you get into trouble. Being open and honest about my trading both good and bad I think is more helpful than anything. I wish someone had taken the time to show me how to get out of trouble instead of just winning trades. I lost a lot of money learning how to deal with bad trades but now I think I am pretty good at getting out of trouble.

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Another good day. The gaps hit in my favor so took my profit and ran.  I like how my month is ending up.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 6 at +10 = +60

aud/cad +33

aud/nzd  +41
EUR/NZD, -95  2L +104
eur/usd +50
gbp/chf, +35

gbp/jpy,+20

gbp/usd +64
nzd/chf   +68
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
Aud/jpy   -233  2nd -20
CHF/JPY -197 waiting for cross for 2nd level
eur/jpy -36
nzd/jpy -60

usd/jpy - 9
TOTALS
total for day  +380
for the week +903
for the month +1871
Carry over -555
primary trades
BUYS NO NEW SETUPS TODAY.

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Well, I did like how the month was ending. Nothing like Forex moving in one direction again. Hello real world, its jpy time to trend. MPTM is doing a great job for me. What a great trading invention. Everything but the USD and GBP today. GO EURO, JPY, CHF, NZD and AUD. I have given up trading the eur/chf. Can any currency move any less than that pair? I added the gbp/jpy yesterday during the day. It hit my MPTM 4 times plus took a Jump profit too. Interesting
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 14 at +10 = +140

gbp/jpy +30
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES
Aud/jpy   -313  2nd -102
CHF/JPY -217 2L -48

eur/jpy -56

gbp/jpy -197 2nd L 0
nzd/jpy -106

usd/jpy - 67
TOTALS
total for day  +170
for the week +1073
for the month +2041
Carry over -909
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS  aud/cad, gbp/jpy, gbp/chf (maybe tempting??)
Secondary trades
BUYS eur/aud, eur/gbp
SELLS aud/usd, nzd/chf

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Broke the 2000 pip barrier for the month. Havent done that in a while. Man what a month started off in disaster mode and then this last week over a 1000 pips so far. I believe in my system, it works over the long run.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
I should look into this seriously now. One more addition to the arsenal!

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Great Day, Bad Day, Great Day, Bad Day, welcome to Forex folks. Best week in a long time but going into the new month again carrying a bigger than desired DD. OK jpy time to retrace.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 13 at +10 = +130

aud/cad +43

aud/usd +34

eur/aud +70

gbp/chf +94

gbp/jpy,+62

nzd/chf +101
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

SELLS
Aud/jpy   -318  2nd -104 3rdL 0
CHF/JPY -362 2L -192 3L +5

eur/gbp -58

eur/jpy -196 2ndL -142 3rdL 0 (these are too close together)
gbp/jpy -362 2nd L -148 3rdL -17
nzd/jpy -106

usd/jpy - 120 2ndL -58 (these are too close together)
TOTALS
total for day  +534
for the week +1607
for the month +2575
Carry over -2178
primary trades
BUYS usd/chf

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
March started out as my worse month taking two weeks to overcome the big hit on the first day. Then things really began to swing and by the end I had my 2nd best month ever. WOW, YIPPEEE. HURRAH. I have already gotten more pips in the first 3 month this year than the last 5 months of last year. That is 8 months of running a proft. Now we hope that the jpy will retrace and April doesnt start out like March. SHEESH.

2009 total pips +5597 p. 57 post 8412
I guess I can be happy with that.
2010 trades total pips by month
January 2010 for the month   +1757 pg. 65 #963

February 2010 1595 pips pg. 77 post 1146
March 2010  +2575 pips pg 83 post 1233 my 2nd best month ever.
2010 total +5927

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Ok here we go, it is 65 for and 60 against my method. In 8 months I have posted my trades every day for all the world to see. Lets see ............. hmmmmmmmm .............. that is a total of ............. +11,527 pips and only 1 losing month. I bet those 60 guys will buy someones high price method but they dont think one you can follow for free is worth it. Dont you just love the average Forex trader.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Just to show you how well the MPTM is working. I am deep into the gbp/jpy however, it has hit my +10 5 times for +50, one jump for +20 and I took one TP for +62 for a total of +132 so far. Once I get my retracement I expect an easy break even or even a nice profit on the total trade sequence. Amazing how this system is working. Love it. Just for the math. I am 527 total pips down right now. If price retraces 150 pips that is 450 on 3 levels leaving me 77 pips in the hole. However, I slightly increase the lot size on each level so I actually need less than that to break even. With 132 in the bank already I even need less to break even. I do expect to make a profit overall on this trade but if price continues to go against me I will use my 2.4.2 recovery system and recover another way.

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Internet was down all day, I am writing from work. There are no TP or MPTM because of that. SO a big fat 0. Someone please shoot the JPY investors. took my 2.4.2 loss on the 1st level gbp/jpy.  Looks like March all over again.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 0 at +10 = 0

CLOSED FOR LOSS
gbp/jpy -524
OPEN TRADES

SELLS
Aud/jpy -394 2nd -181 3rdL -58
CHF/JPY -387 2L -219 3L -20

eur/gbp -59

eur/jpy -318 2ndL -243 3rdL -128 (these are too close together)
gbp/jpy  2nd L -310 3rdL -179 4th 0

nzd/jpy -140  2nd L 0

usd/chf  +12

usd/jpy - 154   2ndL -92(these are too close together)
TOTALS
total for day -524
for the week -524
for the month -524
Carry over -2883
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Hi Bob --

I do like H4 trading and appreciate the good logic of exceeding and re-entering the MA 40 outer Bol. band.

Do I have it correctly that you (the EA I suppose) enter as the white line (the quicker Sto) crosses?  Is the entry at the crossing point . . . or close of bar (I'm guessing not)?  Just trying to figure out exactly when entry is specified.

Also trying to make my peace with the 2.4.2, not that I doubt it works, but my discomfort with such large (temporary) negatives.  That's totally my problem.

Still, I am surprised you need to go the the 2.4.2 too often.  Perhaps over your months of trading you really haven't.

If you get tired of praise, well, time to move on because like so many before me I thank you for your astonishing efforts on your forums with their voluminous detail and careful working out of things.

I guess I am at a loss with you on why your poll has some low rankings.  As you say, that must have never really tested the system.  Guess they plan to keep losing.

Take care in Nanning.  I hope all is well for you.

Forest

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
I am not quite sure which EA you are referring too. Even though we used BB bands at the beginning we have switched to dividing the screens into thirds now. DD seems to be something I cant avoid unless you use stop losses. Basically my stop loss is after it crosses 400 deep. I seldom have to use it maybe once or twice a month, I think I had one month with 3. The other side is I keep making these profits almost every day. THe problem is I dont know which currency will trend like crazy and usually every month one will. This time it is the JPY last time it was the GBP. Before that I think it was the EURO. If I could ever figure out which currency was going to do that every month it would be a perfect world for me. Despite all of that the DD prevents me from overextending myself with too large of lot size and now I dont wipe out accounts like I did years ago. So it has been a good lesson for me. Thanks for the compliment, I only publish what I have learned and I have never been able to keep my profits trend trading. To much whiplash and to many stop losses. At least this way, as you can see over the months, I have been able to be profitable. Good luck and I hope I have helped you.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
OK I have replaced my wires, splitters, modem, wireless, updated Windows 7, ............. maybe this week I can keep my connection to the internet. Without it the mptm does not work. Sooooo ......... Largest DD I have ever carried. Will have to decide monday on 1st level aud/jpy and chf/jpy. The one problem I am facing now is other currenices are not in trading position to help produce gains to offset my DD. A couple of gbp trades but they dont look strong right now. This one could be interesting getting out of. UgHHHHH.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 0 at +10 = 0

gbp/usd +42

usd/chf +97
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

SELLS
Aud/jpy    -449 2nd -236 3rdL -118
CHF/JPY -395 2L -226 3L -29

eur/gbp   -70

eur/jpy    -326  2ndL -251  3rdL -137
gbp/jpy     2nd L -339 3rdL -208 4th -36

gbp/usd -22

nzd/jpy   -175  2nd L -37

usd/jpy   -225   2ndL -163 3rdL +7
TOTALS
total for day +139
for the week -385
for the month -385
Carry over -3435
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS gbp/chf
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Just to show you how valuable the MPTM has become, for the month of March, all my +5 and +10 added up to 790 pips. So going the last 3 days without it is damaging. I hope my internet issues here are finally settled. +790 thats not bad for that little program.

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
After a very very long time reading different threads and trying a number of different systems (Paid and unpaid), at long last I am making some profit by following the threads of two people in FF. One being your good self and other is Steve Hopwoods. It is interesting to note that both of you are Educators by profession.

You have spent a long time and a great deal of research coming up with the three systems, condensing it and presenting it to the fools who call themselves forex traders. Some fools such as me have realized the merits of your system and although not understanding it 100% they are following it with a reasonable success rate. Other fools are still in a state of blissful ignorance.

I have spend a long time thinking why people vote against your fantastic system and the only explanation I can think of is that to the novice fool your system looks too complex and needs some thinking so it is a no, no. To the experienced fool the system uses too many indicators so it is a no, no. It is a shame that they have not followed my example by trying the system and finding out its merits. Please keep up the good work and for someone like me you have been a god send. I wish you all the best.

Kindest regards

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Thanks for the compliment. When you sit behind a computer you really dont see how you affect other people's lives. Second, I am online again after getting knocked off for 36 hours. We had to replace the phone line in the building but now I think everything works. LOL.

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
I still don't know about using the manager for second level trades. Yes, the manager can help you with the right price action but it can hurt you if price returns to BE, kicking you out of the L2 trade, then continues in the right direction again. This has happened to me already where I'd now be out of both level trades.

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Hello, Bob, Toothman, and others.

I've enjoyed reading through the whole thread over the last week or two. What a journey! Nice trading system you have here, Bob. Congratulations. I will admit that the large carryovers do scare me a bit, but you have successfully been able to whittle down and/or eliminate them as needed, which is impressive. Now whether I and others can do the same is the $64,000 question.

I see in the last 10 or so pages of the thread that the method seems to have taken some different turns (6x6 vs. 3x3, chart extremes vs. Bollinger, etc). Do you have a document that you have updated that reflects all the latest changes? I would like to be able to follow what you are doing as closely as possible.

I've installed the 6x6 template and EAs on my platform. But I am with a 5D broker. Do you have a 5D version, or can you give me an idea of what code I would need to change to accommodate that?

Glad to hear you have your internet/phone line issues straightened out (at least for now).

Trade well,

Scott

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
I´m testing a 6x6-EA which open the first level.Instead of opening the second level at 150 pips the EA change the magicnumber +1 if price reach the 150-pips.So you have only first level-trades.

If you have a trend your "second" trade will not open at 150 pips but only if you have the 6x6-cross.In long trending currencies you get wider pip-spacing.

aiti

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
The answer is yes, the question is when. Will work on it after I get my financial statements and next years projections for my school done.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
MPTM is working again so away we go. Closed one trade at +24 just to do something yesterday. Good sign of price turn around when  price stagnates. All the aud pairs caution with interest rate news today. Looks like everything in AUD, JPY, and  CAD are overbought or oversold. To me that tells me the AUD interest rate story is going to move the markets when it comes out. So I go for the ride good or bad. When I see the market do that, I think it is predicting where the news story is going. but the rumor, sell the news is the old saying so here we go. Today is going to be a very good day or a very bad day.

TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 8 at +10 = 80

usd/jpy +24
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

SELLS
Aud/jpy    -444 2nd -231 3rdL -113
CHF/JPY -370 2L -201 3L -4

eur/gbp   -64

eur/jpy    -289  2ndL -215  3rdL -102
gbp/jpy     2nd L -389 3rdL -258 4th -86

gbp/usd -41

nzd/jpy   -137  2nd L -39

usd/jpy   -204   2ndL -142 3rdL above the line waiting to reenter again.
TOTALS
total for day +104
for the week +104
for the month -281
Carry over -3338
primary trades
BUYS usd/cad (ugh i hate this pair), eur/cad, aud/cad

SELLS gbp/chf (not entered yet), gbp/nzd, aud/usd, aud/nzd, aud/chf
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
I keep 3 buy EAs and 3 sell EAs with different Magic numbers. THis way the entrance is only made at the cross and not a predetermined pip number. When the MPTM closes a 2nd level trade, because it has a different Magic number it doesnt affect the other levels. When the 2nd level requalifies as a trade it will reenter the trade. So I pick up a half a dozen or so MTPM trades every day. Yesterday was a no mover day but I picked up 80 pips from it bouncing around the 2nd and 3rd level areas. It is working out very well. The MPTM works well with a MA cross system but does not seem to work well with a high/low system.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
No problem, and I understand fully. Thanks.

Scott

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Bob,

Doesn't the reenter at next cross strategy risk getting your levels spaced too closely(or too far apart) sometimes? This is similar to what I was doing with waiting until I saw divergence again to enter L2 but I was waiting until I had at least a 200 pip step before looking for divergence again. So what you're saying above is when you get a L1 buy trade opened you then put buy EA's on two other separate charts(with different magic no.) for L2 and L3 trades? How do you keep both of these EA's from entering at the same next cross?

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
I've altered my code to prevent EA's from reentering after a TP or SL is hit. Reentering has gotten me into too many trades I didn't want to be in. Changes can be found on post #613 of this thread.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Too close maybe a problem, too far is not. I am testing a sixths EA with 5 lines on the screen so it adjusts to each currency. When price enters between two of the lines I make sure I dont get my second level unless it is in a different zone. So in the pic below of the aud/chf you can see level 1 (the white #1) and the second level (white #2). This is what I am using to keep my spacing with the different levels. So instead of a fixed number I am using what ever is the range of that currency. So I want trades to have the distance from one line to the next to be my spacing. In this trade my 3rd level would actually be a spot that is not even on the screen right now.  I also am thinking of beyond top/bottom red line being my entrance area for  volatile currencies and red to gold for others. I am also planning on writing a high/low and 6x6 cross EA. You only turn it on in the red area so you get your entrance at a high/low or if it doesnt it also enters at the cross. The red to gold area you only use the 6x6 cross. This will give you spacing designed for every currencies range rather than just 150 or 200. For example the gbp/nzd spacing is closer to 250 or 300 while the aud/chf spacing is around 100. So this will put everything together with simple rules for each area. If price is above red line use this EA #1 which will be a high/low or 6x6 (maybe the old 3x3) cross EA. if between the gold and red, use EA #2 which will be a 6x6 EA. When price goes against you the distance between two lines put on the 2nd Level EA for your 2ne entrance. Just some ideas I am working on. This will put all our latest ideas together into an easy to understand and usable system. Not so comlicated. See pic below:

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
I want the reentrances, so far today the gbp/jpy has done two 100 pip runs and 2 MPTM for over 200 pips so far today. I am on 13 mptm and the USA session has just started. I love the reentrances and constant pickups. The EA only does one entrance at a time so these constant reentrances are really profitable. For example the EUR/JPY has closed 8 trades in two days. 4 MPTM 2 for nice profit. One level break even and one for a small loss. That brings me back to only 2 levels on that pair but a pile of pips in the bank. So I want the reentrance. Those multiple MPTM hits are adding up. I am having a really big day so far today.

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Bob, this is an very promising thread and i just start to demo 6X6 and MPTM BE EAs. The issue is whenever an order is closed at +5 BE by MPTM, 6X6 EA reopens another order. I guess 6X6 i downloaded is not the version that you are using now.

Leaving the EA aside, i am just wondering what you mean by "reenter every 20 ". Do you mean you reenter when the price is 20pips higher (for sell order) than BE price, you will reenter?

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
I realy like the new idea of 5 lines and specific ea's for each zone. This could be much more flexible design. Right now it is sometimes hard to decide when to stop buy/sell. With those new rulles it could reduce the doubt.

I like this system very much, becouse it is evolving rapidly. If I only could achieve such a mastery in it like Nanningbob did

Thank's again.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
How are you deciding when to turn off EA's? Do you have a rule of thumb? Blue line to other extreme? Maybe I'll rethink the no reentry idea. The GBP/JPY scares me. Don't think I'll be trading that one live.

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Allowing a reentry after a BE+10 in Oct. 08 on the GBP/JPY would have lost you a bundle. I think a safer  approach would be to take the BE +10 then wait for the MA's to recross again before turning the EA on again. Just thinking out loud here.

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
OK had a great day. Here we go.  Used some of my profits to eliminate chf/jpy. The RWB were all on the bottom so I felt it was my best exit on that pair. Will sit on some others. DD is in much more acceptable levels now. Hopefully price will keep going in the same direction as yesterday. OK out of the chf/jpy and eur/jpy. See what happens with the aud/jpy, gbp/jpy and usd/jpy.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 16 at +10 = 160

aud/cad +26

eur/jpy +93 +84 -146 (2MPTM) great move on this pair. RWB near bottom so closed all trades.

gbp/jpy +75 +50 -42

gbp/usd +98

nzd/jpy   -13  2nd L +55

nzd/usd +30
CLOSED FOR LOSS

aud/nzd, -41 (1 MPTM) I accidentally still have a EA that closes all trades when mptm closes so it closed this trade. Will have to go and check all my EAs to make sure they are the right EA.

eur/gbp +22 -28 took a pip loss but made a tiny profit with the bigger lot size. Took the BE and then let the EA reenter for only 1 level trade.
CHF/JPY -236 2L -66  +71 +25 -27 (2mptm)
OPEN TRADES

aud/chf -58
Aud/jpy    -430 2nd -217 3rdL -52 (had 4MPTM off the 3rd L )

aud/nzd  -2

aud/usd, -84 2L +10

eur/cad, +24

eur/gbp   -77

gbp/chf -115 2L 0

gbp/jpy     2nd L -234 3rdL +16

gbp/nzd, +5 (had 3 mptms yesterday)

gbp/usd -94

usd/cad -31

usd/jpy   -139   2ndL -77 3rdL +11
TOTALS
total for day +235
for the week +339
for the month -46
Carry over -1411
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS usd/chf,
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
OCT. 8. you would have been in buy mode and made a bundle. Dont understand this one, what do you mean ??? Price was below the gold and red line on that day and would have had a buy EA on. see pic below and the green arrow on Oct. 8

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Unless you want to handle large DD you dont trade the gbp/jpy, gbp/nzd, eur/nzd, there is no avoiding DD with them. But when they are profitable, oh yeah.

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Yes the 6x6 reenters. I want it to do that. When they cross I am willing to go with the change of direction. If not I multi level trade. Not sure what you are referring to in reenter every 20. It maybe a misprint but I usually try to reenter every 150 - 200 not 20.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
I am still experimenting with this but I like it. 6ths indicator, put it in you indicators folder and use it instead of the fourths. I always enter above/below red. Less volatile pairs between gold and red with a read on the RWB and swingmans indicator. Anyway here is the indicator. Working on it and hope to put together a complete package as I trade. You will see in the upper left corner 3 comments. distance between lines, distance top to bottom (this gives currency range for last 4 weeks), and a take profit distance but that is for another project I am working on. You can use that as a guide.

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Here is a screen of the sixths with the nzd/chf. This almost qualifies as a secondary trade but I dont think the RWB is matching up well as a signal so I am not taking it. If  price continues to move up to the red line then I will turn the EA on. Top to bottom is 260 pips so very little volatility in this pair. You dont want to enter near the gold when volatility is low but closer to the red in case you have a price bounce. What I really like about this indicator the way it is set you will see that the red and gold lines are very consistent predictors of S/R areas. It is actually uncanny how accurate it is. I think you will like this indicator a lot.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
NB --

Just loaded up the 6ths indicator.

I have green line inside of gold lines, but no red.  It seems from your comments I should have red . . . somewhere.  WHAT I DO HAVE IS THE WHITE LINE 'IN THE MIDDLE' OF PRICE MOVEMENT, NEXT OUT IS GREEN ABOVE AND BELOW WHITE AND FINALLY THE TOP AND BOTTOM LINES ARE GOLD.  DID MY SYSTEM CHANGE THE COLORS ON ME ? . . I DIDN'T.

Pls advise.

Second (possibly brain dead) inquiry.  I am using the 4 hour system manually, and I like it a lot.  Maybe I can get beyond this and add all the bells and whistles with time.

Anyway, my question now is w.r.t. the MPTM.  What  triggers its buy and sells for you?  Based on 6x6 cross, or   ?

Thanks for all you do.

Forest

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Here is usd/chf and nzd/usd with the indicator. Notice how the lines are very close to S/R lines.

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Here is a very volatile pair gbp/nzd. This looks like a great predictor of TP lines and S/R lines. I am developing using this in my trading as I use it and learn more about it. Notice all the little black arrows from the MPTM.

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Same indicator but I change the colors last night. You have the one with the previous colors. Same indicator though.

MPTM is a separate EA from the 6x6. The MPTM manages all your trades and you put it on a separate screen all by itself. Go to Steve Hopwoods thread and he will explain all mechanics behind it.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=89371

In other words there is a thread dedicated to just explaining all of its functions. I just use the BE part with a TP of +10. So when the 6x6 enters a trade the MPTM will manage it. If price moves more than 20 pips it will set a TP of 10 as the SL. If it hits the SL of +10 it closes the trade. If the 6x6 is still crossed as a trade, it will then enter a new trade and start the process all over again. If you are in the same candle this is always true. The 6x6 will open another trade. If you are in a new candle and it retraces back to the +10 SL but it also uncrosses the 6x6 then it wont enter a new trade.

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Thanks.   I guessed it must be the same.

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Toothman I think a good time to turn on the HIGH/LOW ea is when price is near those lines. You then have the ability to predict a great entrance point which I think was missing in that system.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Ok I figured out the problem with the MPTM and the AUD/NZD trade. It was the same magic number. The EA had entered a 2nd level under the same magic number so when the mptm closed the +10 it also closed the 1L trade. So I changed all my reentries to 1000 so it wont reenter. I will handle reentries manually by putting on a 2L, 3L, EAs that have a different magic number. So I am adding that to my list.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Bob,

I was talking about Oct. of 2008 not Oct. the 8th. Specifically around the 22nd-24th. Knowing you ,you may have been able to wiggle out of trouble. But it looks to me like on the 23rd if you reentered another buy trade(after a BE+10), price would then have gone against you 2000 pips without hardly any retrace. You may have used the 2,4,2 on the way down a couple times but at some point you would have to give up on the trade with some hefty losses.It's possible profits from other trades at the time could have balanced out these losses, I don't know. If you wouldn't have reentered on the 23rd (after a BE+10), buy EA would have kicked in on the 26th and again on the 27th and resulted in wins.

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
That was a once in a lifetime big news no trade day. You dont judge systems by an exception but by the norm. You just stay away from trillion dollar bailout packages and news stories like that.

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
BOB, thanks for your expaination.

I turned on both MPTM and 6X6 EA downloaded from post#1172. If an order is opened and subsequently closed by MPTM at BE, the new order was immediately opened by 6X6 EA. I understand I need put the code from toothman to stop this from happening.

My question is for 1st Level only not the one for reenter at 200pips. Let's say an order is opened by 6X6 and closed by MPTM, will you open another order before another 6X6 cross?

by the way, i am thinking to add stop loss at MA(+/-)ATR as stop loss to avoid huge DD. If we can reenter at 200pips for 2nd Level, the pips will be for profit instead of offseting DD. Have you ever think about this way? Any reason that you do not like this stop loss.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
After a stop or TP by the manager, EA will automatically open another buy if 6MA (shift 0) is above 6MA(shift 1) and the opposite for sell. After the manager stops or TP's a trade I have been waiting for the shift 0 to go back under the shift 1 before I put the buy EA on again . Opposite for sells.

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Toothman, if understand correctly, what you are doing is to manaully remove 6X6 EA EA after 6X6 EA opens order upon MA crossing and MPTM stop or TP the order. Am i correct?

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
My philosophy is a little differetn. Even though no one desires DD my feelings are I can bring any DD back to zero if I am patient enough and chip away at it over time. If you have noticed I have already 0 out the eur/jpy and chf/jpy DD and now I will work on the aud/jpy and gbp/jpy DD. Instead of taking losses I use my profits and countertrades to eliminate them over a period of time. This is very hard to teach and to get others to understand but I am hoping over a period of time and by daily example you can see how I do that.

My feelings on SL are you end up beating your head against the wall trying to make profit because I always seem to take enough SL to never get anywhere. My first two years of trading were like that. Make some money, lose it with SL and then going into the hole and then trying to catch back up to break even. Very frustrating. Got tired of that game. Maybe I am a little arrogant but I now believe I can take any DD and over time zero it out which means I will always keep my profits. It is a trading skill that takes time to develop. If you can make money using SL be my guest but I prefer to zero out my DD. So you can watch me do it with this latest DD.

I do use manual SL but it is around 4-500 pips. I get 1-3 of those a month as an average. 1 so far this month.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Good week going so far, brought my month back into profit, still trying to avoid taking a SL on the aud/jpy. Dont know how much longer I can keep doing that. Will not be patient with it now that I am sitting in profit. The MPTM keeps cranking out around a 100 pips a day. That is really helping my decision making. It allows me to be patient with these JPY trades and getting out with better positions. Really tempted to take out that gpb/jpy but will hang on through the jpy session to see if it lessens the DD. Probably wipe it out before the Euro session. Then will work on the aud/jpy.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 12 at +10 = 120

aud/nzd +10 had 2MPTM for +10 and closed the third time at +10 so 30 pips total for the day but 2 of them are already counted in the MPTM total.

gbp/nzd +100

gbp/chf +40

Usd/Cad +28
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/chf -200 2L -45
Aud/jpy    -394 2nd -181 3rdL +17 (had 3 MPTM off the 3rd L so that is 7 in two days for +70 pips )

aud/usd, -80 2L -8 had 1 mptm yesterday

eur/cad, -17  had 1 mptm yesterday

eur/gbp   -101

gbp/chf -167 2L -8 I could have zeroed out this trade when I profited the 2nd L but it looked good to keep the 1L going. Didnt turn out that way so added a 2L again.

gbp/jpy     2nd L -150 3rdL +5 (I have banked enough pips to profit on this group of trades this week) Going to ride it longer though but not much longer RWB are near the bottom.
gbp/nzd, -94

gbp/usd -71

usd/chf, -60

usd/jpy   -92   2ndL -30 3rdL did a MPTM +10 and did not reenter the trade price too close together for 3L
TOTALS
total for day +298
for the week +637
for the month +252
Carry over -1676
primary trades
BUYS eur/aud

SELLS nzd/chf
Secondary trades
BUYS eur/nzd eur/usd
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
I usually take the EA off the chart after the trade initiates but I don't have to worry about it reentering if I don't take it off right away because I've altered the code to stop reentries. I wait for the MA's to get into position again after the manager closes the trade and then apply the EA to the chart again.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Hello Bob --

Just wanted to comment how true it seems the sixths lines are as S/R.  Looked pretty good all the way down to M1!  Guess that should be no surprise.  (I even scalped a couple on M1 but much prefer H4.)

A question:  on your daily recap page you note your (planned?) entries.  Does this represent an expectation over the next few hours as you (hopefully) get your 6x6?

I am also an educator.  Just wondering if you had solid Mandarin (or other regional dialect where you are in the south of China) as you arrived in country?  If not, how long did that process take to acquire adequate utility in the language? Of course, I mean a speaking facility . . . I assume the characters come along more slowly with specific need.   [forgive me for putting this here on the trading side; this probably should be a PM]

Best, Forest

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
[/quote]

Bob, amazingly see you have reduced DD a lot. congrats!

I am just wondering how you get so many MPTM +10 every day. After an buy order is opened by 6X6 EA when 6MA (shift 0) is above 6MA(shift 1) then subsequently colsed by MPTM at BE,  do you put EA on to have another  order before the shift 0 to go above shift 1 again? If not, it is difficult for me to imagine how you get so many +10, since you only have a few primary and secondary buys per day. If possbile could you share the transaction history of these MPTM 12 at +10 = 120  and when you will open another order for thoese paris. Hope this not offence just trying to get a full picture of your demos.

by the way, is this a real account or demo account? If demo, the spread same as real one?

Happy trading and have a nice day!

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
I dont turn my EAs off or have them trade once and quit. The MPTM works really welll when price stagnates and just bounces around. I dont have time to record the MPTM trades, this is taking too long every morning for me already. I am trying to figure out how I can shorten this process since I start teaching in an hour. This is my live account.

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
They are trades that meet my definitions from my booklet, pg 1 post 1. What it means is I turn on the EA and it makes my entrance. If price does not retrace that means I will not be entering that trade. All my trades start when the EA enters at the cross. There are times I will enter manually at a S/R line but that is a rare event.

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Good day for pips, bad day for DD. Have a lot of good trades going and a lot of good positions. Added a manual trade on aud/usd because it is bouncing off of R line. Gotta run have a good day.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 9 at +10 = 90

gbp/jpy +84

gbp/usd +74

aud/jpy +61

Aud/usd +32
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/chf -212 2L -62
Aud/jpy    -434 2nd -222 3rdL -28

aud/usd, -103 2nd L 0

eur/aud -25

eur/cad, -67

eur/gbp   -114

eur/nzd  -71

eur/usd  -42

gbp/chf -207 2L -48

gbp/jpy     2nd L -238 set EA to reenter off of the next cross, should have closed this with my profit trade but it looked good to keep going.
gbp/nzd, This profited as a +10 but it did not reenter so its waiting for the next cross. I decided not to continue trading this pair for now. Took the EA off.

gbp/usd -130

nzd/chf-25

usd/chf, -49

usd/jpy   -113   2ndL -51
TOTALS
total for day +341
for the week +978
for the month +593
Carry over -2241
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS aud/nzd

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
Bob, I used the 6X6 EA downloaded from post#1172. For buy 6X6EA, it immediately open another order at the ask price and MPTM close order at BE with bid price.

Do you use the same EA, how do you reenter next trader (i am not asking for 2L re-rentry)?  Is the EA that you use only enter another trader once MA shift0 go above shift 1 and turn around to cross again?

Sorry for so many questions as i dont understand how your EA enter another non-2L trader.

Happy trading and have a nice weekend ahead.

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
I only posted a 4 digit version, are you using a 5 digit MT4?? If the MPTM closed the trade the EA would immediatly open a new trade if the 6 is still crossing the 6. I will post a complete system after I get everything tested. It will have 1-4 Level trades etc. The MPTM you are using is it a BE only or does it BE at +10?

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Hi Bob, the system i used is 4 digit MT4 (forex.com demo account) and MPTM BE with 5/15 pips settings.

I think Toothman encountered the same problem, and that is why he needs to change code to stop EA from opening another trade. He needs manually remove the EA from chart.

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Why do so many people think this technique is a waste of time? I just discovered this system, and I made over 100 pips today on the "primary signals" on the EURJPY and USDCHF. This is totally worth my time! I guess this technique takes more patience than most traders have?

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Bob's original 6x6 version along with the trade manager as he said will reenter after a TP or retrace to BE + . He's doing quite well with it and certainly gets more trades reentering. I may go back to this version but for now I've altered it to not reenter. I don't like how price can end up in the middle of the chart after a TP and then reopen another trade. You can wake up in the morning after a nice TP and already be down several pips on a new trade. Of course with the right price action you could be up several pips. So far for the month, I'm up 330 pips with a DD of 874. Worst DD during that period was around 1400.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
I changed the MPTM to 20 +10 from 15 +5. Really dont know which one is better. I did get more +5 but the only way to know is to run a demo on both and see which one works better. Toothman is a more conservative voice to my system. I am more of a dare devil and will take trades he doesnt. When I am at a DD of 3000 he probably just crossed the 1000 mark. If you are a conservative trader or new to this system I would follow his advice more than mine. He thouroughly understands the system and can answer your questions. Great guy to learn from. So far I have preferred to let the EA reenter and keep taking trades whereas he takes one and stops. You will have to decide which one works for you. When I get to my final version of this I am thinking of High/low above red line with a 6x6 cross and below a 6x6 cross below and then changing to one trade at some point. I may put a filter in like enter at the cross but no more reentries after 20 or 30 pips past the cross. But before I do I want to see what happens with price action.

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Bob, we understand what you mean. I dont think either you or Toothman want to reenter immediately after MPTM BE. I attached transactions for one pair you will understand I mean. In the Excel, open price of order is same as previous order closing time, and new order suffer the spread from previous closing price.

If I am not wrong, you reenter whenever cross (you are working on filters of course) and Toothman only enter once per EA unless he manually remove and put the EA back. For either type, should the EA have the transaction like what i attached.

Is the version 6X6 correct one? I read through the codes, the transactions i have are extractly follow the 6X6 EA logic, this behavior defeinitely is not acceptable for you, toothman and me too.

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
The 6x6 posted is the only one right now. I have not made any changes to the basic EA except to TP at 100 pips. Right now I am reentering after a MPTM and that is working great. The only thing I may work on this weekend is no more entrances after a certain amount of pips from the cross. For example if it takes the 100 pip profit I dont want it to reenter again. The reenters off of the MPTM dont bother me because I want to be in the trade. This is the philosophy: when the 6 crosses the 6 I want to be in the trade. If price bounces around a bit and hits a couple of MPTM TP that is ok with me. that is what I want. Sometimes price action is in the mud and this bouncing up and  down is perfect for the MPTM. At least I capture something. If price goes against me than I wait for the next level entrance and away we go again. I dont mind the DD as much as other people. That is because I have had a lot of practice using the 2.4.2 recovery system and have gotten good at it. So no amount of DD bothers me. I also will add more money to my account if it passes the 20% mark.  So if DD is more than 20% of my account I will add money to keep it out of trouble. This is working out real well for me.

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Good day for pips, bad day for DD. Have a lot of good trades going and a lot of good positions. MPTM just keeps cranking out the pips. made my day again. aud/jpy is accounting for 1/3 of my DD. keep waiting for my retracement to get out. See you all later.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 19 at +10 = 190

aud/nzd took 3 +10 (included above) and then I closed it out at -10

eur/cad, +53

eur/gbp  2L +35

gbp/jpy +32 off of R line 2L trade below is off the 6x6 cross.

usd/chf +31
CLOSED FOR LOSS

eur/usd  -7 closed this too early
OPEN TRADES

aud/cad +10

aud/chf -188 2L -39
Aud/jpy    -450 2nd -237 3rdL -39

aud/usd, -148 2nd L -47

eur/aud +25

eur/gbp   -83

eur/nzd  -86

gbp/chf -156 2L -3

gbp/jpy     2nd L -226 L3 -45

gbp/usd -231 2L -34

nzd/chf  -60 2L +6 off of R line

usd/jpy -87   2ndL +9
TOTALS
total for day +324
for the week +1302
for the month +917
Carry over -2109
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS aud/cad
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS nzd/jpy, nzd/usd

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Form April 5 to 9 the MPTM has closed 64 +10 trades for a total of 640 pips. DANG thats good.

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
Sorry I havent had a chance to answer all your comments. Love dealing with fellow educators, they seem to have the patience to learn the business and able to deal with its ups and downs. I guess much like teaching students in school. I have been in China almost 8 years now and the language is very difficult. My children picked it up but I have just a child's ability to speak it. Mainly my problem is I dont really need to use it here. I am one of the few foreigners here with an American wife (married 35 years this June) so I only speak English at  home. I teach in a local Chinese Medical University so they only want me to speak English there. I have my school for foreign children so they only speak English there, I am the administrator but my wife is the boss (principal, she runs the place I just make sure we are legal and the bills are paid). I have learned enough to survive on the streets, buy things, take taxis, trips, and do some small talk. Chinese is a tonal language and it took three years for my ears to pick up the different tones. MA, MA , MA and MA are four different words in Chinese depending on the  tone you use with the sound. So if you dont hear the tone you have no idea what they are saying and if you dont speak the correct tone they have no idea what you are saying. One tone MA means horse, another tone means mother, another tone means hemp ................. so I am sorry but I didnt mean I wanted to smoke your mother or No I didnt mean to call your mother a horse .......... and so on. Since I teach in a University they speak the common Mandarin taught in the schools but out on the streets they speak a form of Cantonese called Nanning Hua here. If you go to another town like BeiHai they will speak BeiHai Hua. So even though Cantonese is the language of the area in the cities, each city has its own version. Then when you get into the countryside you got all the dialects and each village will have its own versions of each dialect. There is Zhuang, Miao, Yao, etc. etc. One of the reasons China has not been a unified country in its past is it never really had a national language until Mao set up a standard Mandarin and then had all the schools teach the same language. He also unified the written language into a simpler form so it could be taught nationwide. We are now seeing the rise of a powerful country because of these improvements. Before this language prevented the Chinese from being a unified group of people and as their history books attest the foreigners took advantage of the situation. So China has never really been able to expand outside of its borders without a unified language. Well enough talk, back to trading.

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Hi Bob,

Maybe i am bit stubborn or stupid but i dont think you understand my questioin.

To illustrate, belwo sell transactions for one pair. Those orders are all closed by MPTM with 5 BE pips profit and new order opened immediatelly openned by EA at a few SPRED pip lower.

Open Time Close Time Price Close Price Item

SELL 2010.04.05 14:41 2010.04.05 17:42 86.93 86.88 audjpyfxf

SELL 2010.04.05 17:42 2010.04.06 01:51 86.81 86.56 audjpyfxf

SELL 2010.04.06 01:51 2010.04.06 04:30 86.50 86.45 audjpyfxf

SELL 2010.04.06 04:30 2010.04.08 15:27 86.37 86.29 audjpyfxf

In any cirstumstance i dont think anyone want this kind of reenter. bascially the postion is still open but MPMP causes the position lost spread pips whenever it closes an order. (Please correct me if this is the expected trading strategy).

For these transactions, the MA shift 0 is still under shift 1 that is why EA opened a new transaction. Do you reenter and what is the signal for you to reenter while shift 0 still under shift 1. (NOT cross up and cross down again, i understand you reenter when cross up and cross down again)

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
OK first it is working exactly the way it is suppose to work Price is entering and price retracing is causing you to get your +5. It did this 4 times. I use +10 and got it 2 times. Price then retraced and it is for now a negative trade. I got the same thing. Without the MPTM the EA would have entered and you would still be in a negative trade. You would have 0 pips in the bank and the broker still got his 5 pips for the spread. However, now you are in a negative trade but have 20 pips in the bank just like me. For me that happen 19 times yesterday and I put in the bank 190 pips. Without the MPTM I would not have had the 190 pips but much less. I only had 134 pips on non MPTM trades. Here is the only rule in trading that matters. How much money did the broker cut you this month? You cant have your broker cut you a check unless you have money going into the bank (closed trades). So go to your 4H chart and take a look at the aud/jpy for the week. It had two cross downs or two profitable trades if taken for the week. I was having trouble with my internet so I didnt get the first one but I did get the 2nd trade for 38 pips. That would have been my week without the MPTM. However, with it I also got 12 +10 for 120 pips making my week pocketed 158 pips just on one pair. With just the cross you enter make a profit and exit. With the MPTM you also pick up some pips with the bouncing around. Yes it reenters when it is in the same candle but if price is not going anywhere it may not reenter after that. The only thing that matters to me is what am I putting in the bank and the rest is how can I zero out this trade and go on. How much money the broker gets is irrelevant? He is in business for the same reason I am. I want him to make money so he stays in business and my money is safe. So for the 13 trades I made 138 pips. Aud/jpy spread is 5 pips so he made 65 pips. Compare that with I made 38 pips and he made 5 pips. I will gladly take the 138 and he can have his 65. We both win.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Here is another way of looking at it. I entered my first level trade back on March 22 with the aud/jpy. I am 3 weeks into this series of trades. Long time to hang in there. I have had 21 closed trades and 3 open trades. My DD at this point is 726 which is very high, dont have that happen often but it happens. 18 of my closed trades are MPTM; 15 are +10; 3 are +5 for 165 pips. I had two other profit trades of 61 and 50 for 111 and one losing trade closed at -14 for a total of 97 non mptm trades. 97 + 165 Total 262 pips in the bank. 726 DD - 262 (inthe bank) = 500. With 3 open trades on the board I need 166 pip retracement to break even pip wise, however with the larger lots as I reenter it is closer to 100 pips to break even. I will enter a 4th level Monday at the R line and wait for my retracement and be out at BE or if price bounces around keep picking up my MPTM until price does move. If price goes against me. I will drop my 1st level and try to BE on the rest. Lets say I drop my 1st level at -500. I already profited 262 so my loss on that trade will be 238 but I will be playing to make that up with fresh trades and will wipe that deficit out in 2 or 3 days. So my profit curb will take a dip and then continue upward. This is how my system works and if you can ever get it, (and I know it is difficult to grasp all of this, so if you dont get it, just keep plugging away until you do or go on to another system). But you must understand, in this series of trades, I may not make a profit but I am not going to take a loss either. I will have other trades that will profit and my losers I try to break even. Bottom line in the long run, I make money, my broker makes money, we are both happy.

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
is a long time since I write but I follow,  as always your thread.

I read the post number 1277, 1281, 1285, 1291, 1292,  1297, 1298 -

Reading this made me remember my old idea.

I have difficulty with English, so I did translate  to a friend that I am attaching a file to your post.

it is written in both languages, English  and Italian, so if there 'some Italian law that can read in your  language.

If you think it's a good idea will try to schedule this.

ciao

Romano

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
I used to love hedge trading but we are no longer using it here in the good old USA. I used to use somthing similar but it is a big no no here now. I am sure some will find your infor useful though. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
http://i.ebayimg.com/04/%21BqCohu%21...g%7E%7E_35.GIF
25.95$ For My 4H 3X3 Forex Trading System MT4 Platform

Item condition:New

Time left:23d 01h (May 04, 201001:47:25 PDT)

Quantity:http://pics.ebaystatic.com/aw/pics/i...rror_16x16.gif

9 available

Please enter a quantity of $quantity$ or less

Please enter a quantity of 1Purchases are limited to $quantity$ per buyer

Please enter a quantity of $quantity$ or less

Please enter a lower number

Please enter quantity of 1 or more

Price:US $25.95Buy It NowBuy It NowBuy It Now

Watch this item

Now watching in My eBay Now watching in My eBay

Shipping:FREE shipping Standard Flat Rate Shipping ServiceSee more services  See discounts  |  See all detailsEstimated delivery time varies.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
There are a lot of creeps in this world. Just to let you know, it wasn't me

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
The guy was from Lithuania so I know it wasnt you.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Really don't see why some low life should be making money from other people's hard work, so officially complained to Ebay.

Their reply:

We'll review what you've reported for violations of our replicas,

counterfeit items, and unauthorized copies policy. Thanks for bringing

this to our attention.

We'll review the listing or post carefully. If we determine that it

violates eBay policy, we may:

-- send the seller a warning

-- remove the listing

-- limit the seller's buying and selling privileges

We usually won't suspend a seller's account unless the seller has

violated our policies multiple times. To protect the privacy of our

members, we don't share what actions we choose to take.

We may also send your report to the rights owner for review. If the

rights owner believes that the item is infringing, they may choose to

send eBay a formal request to remove the listing.

To find out more about how eBay protects intellectual property, please

visit:
http://pages.ebay.com/help/tp/programs-vero-ov.html

For more information about our replicas, counterfeit items, and

unauthorized copies policy please visit:
http://pages.ebay.com/help/policies/...unterfeit.html

Thanks,
eBay

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Thanks MacMan I will file a complaint. Also big gaps this morning. Closed out the big profits and removed some of my recommendations because they no long qualify, EUR/NZD for example. Good start to the week though, closed out usd/jpy trades, nzd/chf, some aud/chf levels and reenter 1, closed out gbp/chf nice profit,eru/gbp great profit, eur/nzd great profit. eur/aud profit. added a level on the gbp/usd. So nice start to the week. Will report full results tomorrow. 2nd week in a row got great moves on the gaps. Lucky boy.

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
I also sent the guy a message via Ebay - I can't stand cheats and liars ...

"Dear forextradesystem,

Why are you selling a system which is not yours to sell? This is free to anyone on ForexFactory. You have been reported to Ebay for breach of copyright and the authorities in your country also informed."

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Hi Bob,

Thanks you for detailed explanation.

I think aloud but don’t see it making any sense. The only positive way to view it is that MPTM produced more realised P/L, while leaving even more unrealised P/L as DD for 2.4.2 system to recover.

Take the sample of previous transaction I posted, and assume the new 5th order is in DD and 50pips away from open price of first transaction ,e,g. current price is 87.43=86.93+50. If we don’t do MPTM, the loss is 50 pips.
With this pips, we have 106 pips(87.43-86.37) unrealised P/L DD and 20 pips realised profit, the loss is 86 pips (106-20).

Our bank account has two pockets, left pocket is realised P/L and right pocket unrealised which we are also responsible for.

Open Time                  Close Time         Price Close  Price Item
SELL 2010.04.05 14:41 2010.04.05 17:42 86.93 86.88 audjpyfxf
SELL 2010.04.05 17:422010.04.06 01:5186.8186.56 audjpyfxf
SELL 2010.04.06 01:512010.04.06 04:3086.5086.45 audjpyfxf
SELL 2010.04.06 04:30 2010.04.08 15:27 86.37 86.29 audjpyfxf

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
[quote=earthca;3629067]Hi Bob,

Thanks you for detailed explanation.

I think aloud but don’t see it making any sense. The only positive way to view it is that MPTM produced more realised P/L, while leaving even more unrealised P/L as DD for 2.4.2 system to recover.

Take the sample of previous transaction I posted, and assume the new 5th order is in DD and 50pips away from open price of first transaction ,e,g. current price is 87.43=86.93+50. If we don’t do MPTM, the loss is 50 pips.
With this pips, we have 106 pips(87.43-86.37) unrealised P/L DD and 20 pips realised profit, the loss is 86 pips (106-20).

Our bank account has two pockets, left pocket is realised P/L and right pocket unrealised which we are also responsible for.

Open Time                  Close Time         Price Close  Price Item
SELL 2010.04.05 14:41 2010.04.05 17:42 86.93 86.88 audjpyfxf
SELL 2010.04.05 17:422010.04.06 01:5186.8186.56 audjpyfxf
SELL 2010.04.06 01:512010.04.06 04:30
[quote]

Yes you understand the difference. Now it is a decision on your part on how you want to trade. I like trading this and found it profitable. You may not. Explaining this and getting people to understand is difficult. If you grasp it you may or may not want to trade this way but i find it profitable.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
[quote=nanningbob;3629648]
Finally i understand how the system works. Big thanks and i can sleep in peace now :-)  You have a lot of confidence in you 2.4.2 recovery  system which it takes time for me to grasp.

It is still a fantastic system. In the initial stage I shall do the same as Toothman to be conserative.

Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
WOW, what a day. Yipeeeee. Now if we just can get the jpy to fall I will have a great week. Almost out of my big DD
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 11 at +10 = 110

aud/cad +69 closed this too early

aud/jpy +77

aud/usd 3L +63 2L +34  1L -26

eur/aud +104

eur/gbp +54 1L -30

eur/nzd  +19

gbp/chf -17 2L +136

gbp/jpy +52

nzd/chf  -26 2L +40 off of R line
CLOSED FOR LOSS

aud/chf -63 2L +21

OPEN TRADES
Aud/jpy    -375 2nd -163

gbp/jpy     2nd L -232

gbp/usd -220 2L -23

usd/jpy -95   2ndL -7
nzd/jpy, 2mptm not open now

nzd/usd  2mptm not open now
TOTALS
total for day +617
for the week +617
for the month +1534
Carry over -1115
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS eur/usd eur/jpy

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
I am going to go ahead and get rid of some more DD while the getting is good. Nice moves during the JPY session gives me the opportunity to do this.  I have more than enough profit to eliminate some more DD. No need to gamble when things are going good. Actually too good havent had days like this often So....................... this is what I did after the morning jpy session. I am out of the JPY trades.
Closed Trades
Aud/jpy    -311 2nd -99 3rd +30

gbp/jpy     2nd L -114

usd/jpy -40   2ndL +48
OPEN TRADES

nzd/jpy, +4

nzd/usd  decided not to enter

gbp/usd -220 2L -23

I will keep the eur/usd and eur/jpy trades going also.

So I will add these to my totals in the morning.
Closed for loss -486

Present DD -239

That folks is how I get rid of a 3000 DD and still make a profit. You saw me do it day by day and how I trade. Trading is work and there is some skill to it. I dont know anyone anywhere that teaches traders day by day on how to get out of trouble in real time. There is an alternative to the SL mentality.

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
True Bob.

This thread is most valuable thing I found on FF. Sure there are other great systems here, but I found them not for me for one reason or another.

This system and Your work to explain it for us is something special.

I am still at very begining of my forex jurney and I want to thank You, becouse my start is so much easier now. Still watching Your trades and trying to get my own way of trading.

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Hi Bob,

First of all, thx for sharing. 4H trading systems is what I'm looking for so I'm going to try this out. Just let me know If I'm doing this correctly...

On AudNzd, all conditions seem to meet so I opened the "buy 2L 150" template, waiting for the 3 MAs to cross. The trade should start on it's own? (I changed the EA to enter 0.1 lot, I'm on fxpro, no micro trades). Is this OK?

Thanks a lot!

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Under that system Yes that would be a trade. The one thing I have changed is adding the Screen lines so I am not trading in the middle of the screen. Here is what my screen looks today. I want price to be outside the Gold lines and outside the red lines is a great trade, this trade just barely qualifies. I will take it with you and if the trade causes trouble I can talk you through it. Since it is the AUD/NZD wont be running on you anywhere it is a safe currency to trade. I wouldnt want to take a volatile currency with a trade in this area but the AUD/NZD is pretty safe. So lets do the trade together and see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Like I reported in my earlier post I used my profits and a nice JPY run in the JPY session to eliminate the rest of my DD. Other than that a rather uneventful day and I am up over a 1100 pips for the month. Ready to wait for some good trade setups again. Almost all the currencies are in the midlde of the screen so not touching them even though RWB is in the right spot for some of them. So we sit and wait for the market. AUD/NZD made a nice move so took my 50 pips. Great call yesterday by roachroach. price is now in the middle of the screen so I am out. Dont like being in the middle of the battlefield.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 5 at +10 = +50

aud/nzd +50

gbp/usd +25

CLOSED FOR LOSS
Closed for loss -486 see my previous post for what I closed and why.
Aud/jpy    -311 2nd -99 3rd +30

gbp/jpy     2nd L -114

usd/jpy -40   2ndL +48
OPEN TRADES
eur/usd -48

eur/jpy  -78

gbp/usd -239 2L -8 Took 2L  profit at S line turned EA back on later in the day to reenter 2L

nzd/jpy, -5

TOTALS
total for day -361
for the week +256
for the month +1173
Carry over -378
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
yesterdays Aud/nzd trade. white line hit top and it is at a R line so took my 50 pips and locked them up in the bank. Could set your SL at +30 and let it run also. My first take of TP is white line to the opposite end so that is my reason.

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
I kept this trade going until it hit the middle BB line, banked half of my lot at 96 pips and let the other run. +102 pips so far!

Thanks for the 6th lines tip, it filters a lot but leaves us with veeery good opportunities.

Opened Sell EA on E/U, reached the top line.

Watching carefully Usd/Chf, going towards the deepest line...

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
That was a dud day. zzzzzzzzzzzzzz Anybody for another round of JPY trades? Hopefully they will be better this time.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 2 at +10 = +20

CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

eur/usd -102

eur/jpy  -132

gbp/usd -323 2L -107

nzd/jpy, -72

TOTALS
total for day +20
for the week +276
for the month +1193
Carry over -736
primary trades
BUYS  ,usd/chf

SELLS aud/usd
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS aud/jpy, chf/jpy, gbp/jpy,

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
At last markets are moving!

Been trading Bobs sytem for only 2 days and I'm already + 417 pips. No losses (yet! )

Beginner's luck? Maybe. We'll see in a few weeks...

Great job Bob.

My open trades:

Open Date       Symbol      Action      Lots      Open Price      TP      SL      Profit (EUR)      Pips      Swap

Apr 13 at 12:21     AUDNZD     Buy     0.10     1.2985     0     1.299     47.89                    91.0     0.12

20 hours ago     USDCHF     Buy     0.10     1.05308     0     0.95308      25.39                  36.4     -0.12

20 hours ago     EURUSD     Sell     0.10     1.36372     0     1.46372     48.19                    65.4     -0.31

19 hours ago     EURNZD     Sell     0.10     1.914     0     1.927     64.68                         123.0     1.76

Apr 15, 2010     USDSGD     Buy     0.40     1.3746     0     0     10.72                                5.0     0.0

Apr 15, 2010     AUDUSD     Sell     0.10     0.93385     0     1.03385                               -0.15     -0.2     0.0

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Dont worry you will get some, they are unavoidable no matter what system you trade. What I always try to do is not close out losing trades until I have the profits to close them out. I may close out an individual trade for a loss, around 4-500 pips (this happens 1-3 times a month) but the whole series or multiple level ones I like to have the profits in the bank or on the board first. Takes time to learn that and wait out. Nice run so far today. I have closed about half of my profits and will let the rest run.

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
HI BOB

I have been trading 4hr system live with a dedicated account since 16th MARCH. Although I made a lot of mistakes, was off sick for 10 days and not trading the system properly, plus the fact that I am still not used to the 4H time frame (hence closing some trades in -ve prematurely, etc), I still managed to make a healthy 21% profit. please see attached report in xls format.

Online surveys mean nothing real trading data is what counts, it is here for all to see. You have been posting your trades on a daily basis but it seems some people are still not sure of this system. The fact that it requires some work and very little thinking on the traders part maybe putting some people off.

Kind Regards

P.S. One way of finding out how good the system is to replicate your trades in a demo account and see for themselves.

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Hey that is really great. I am happy to see others succeed. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Good day. The day was looking like it was going to be a monster day then prices screeched to a halt and moved back to where they were. Got some nice  profits though and hope they do again today.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 17 at +10 = +170

aud/jpy +65

chf/jpy, +36

eur/jpy  -35 +97 had 4 mptm on this one yesterday also.

usd/chf +51
CLOSED FOR LOSS

nzd/jpy, -33 +20 had 2 mptm so really made a profit
OPEN TRADES

aud/jpy -23

aud/usd -10

eur/jpy -37

eur/usd -102

gbp/jpy, -58 had 3 mptm yesterday

gbp/usd -315 2L -99 3L 0

nzd/jpy +4

TOTALS
total for day +371
for the week +647
for the month +1564
Carry over -640
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS eur/gbp
SELLS gbp/nzd,

gbp/chf (doesnt meet the rules but I like the 6x6 cross possiblility on Friday. ) aud/nzd aud/chf (samereason) I am reading the other charts on these pairs and it looks like the gbp and aud could move today. If price does not move or keeps in the same direction, the EA will keep me out. But if they do move

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Hey,

Some nice set ups building up with yen pairs especially this one: USD/JPY, Turning on EA buy template soon.

I'm only trading primary setups for now, but once I get used to it I'll try to follow your secondary setups, Bob, with S/R and stuff.

465 pips in 3 days, looking good, If this goes on, I'll go live in a few weeks.

Would an alert informing us W/B/R lines are in OS or OB zone be easy to build? Or another alerting that price is crossing an extreme sixth line?

Thanks Bob,

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
This was a how stupid can I get day. I decided after some nice moves and prices retracing just to close trades and quit early. Dang did I give up a lot of profit. JPY collapsed all over the place late in the trading day but I was out of most of the trades by then. I said to myself, "self you made 500 pips today, take a break so I did and then .................... Oh well, stlll made some nice pips though. Mly account is up 18% for the month and I just passed the 2000 pip barrier. Not bad for starting with a 3000 pip DD.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 15 at +10 = +150

aud/nzd (took 1 +10 then turned it off.)

aud/jpy +46  +85 closed 1st level then opened a 2nd L later.

aud/usd +10 (took 1 +10 MPTM then turned it off.)

eur/jpy +10 (took 1 +10 MPTM then turned it off.)

eur/usd +10 (took 1 +10 MPTM then turned it off.)

eur/gbp +10 (took 1 +10 MPTM then turned it off.)

gbp/jpy +100

gbp/nzd +70

gbp/usd +26

nzd/jpy +48

gbp/usd 3L +26
CLOSED FOR LOSS

aud/chf  -14 (Lost paitience with this one, could have had 30+ otherwise)
OPEN TRADES

gbp/jpy, -58 had 3 mptm yesterday

gbp/nzd  -114

gbp/chf not entered took off the list

gbp/usd -245 2L -27

TOTALS
total for day +537
for the week +1184
for the month +2101
Carry over -444
primary trades
BUYS usd/jpy

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS aud/cad

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
[/quote]

What a month so far!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Well my EA went long just before the yen drop!

This will be a good opportunity to test your multi level recovery method. I'll be dealing with it manually.

On CAD/JPY, I'm down -186 pips, reentered at the bottom of the drop, and now my second level is at + 23. I just hope these 2 will meet at least to B/E. I'm pretty confident (If this drop's only concerning Goldman...)

Oh yes, another question... My broker is fxpro, and he uses, depending on pairs, different digits display:

cadjpy: 90.91

usdjpy: 92.112

eurusd: 1.34845

How do I manage your EAs with this?

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Your broker is a 5 Digit broker so use the 5 digit EAs. When you trade during the day remember in day trading price usually follows the direction it is going. In other words once price goes north it will stay north for the day. If it is going south it will stay south for the day. Stay out of the middle of the chart and trade the edges. Catch the rebounds on the news the next day and dont try to anticipate a mid day of correction. Here is a pic of one day candles. Notice the bodies are usually full meaning price goes one way and stays one way for the day.

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
The 5D EA entered the trade with USDJPY (5digit) but not CADJPY (4digit). Any advice?

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
You can try the 4digit EA. Never heard of a broker using different digits though. Interesting!!!

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Great gaps today, bagged the profits, report later.

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Just to let you guys know that I will pull all my EAs and systems off of page 1 this week. I will only put the most recent version there, my 6x6 method. Too many people are confused and are using systems I no longer use. The purpose of this thread was to come up with a 4H trading system that anyone could use profitably.  I will post that one system. So if you wish to have any of the older systems download them this week because I am going to delete them. I no longer wish to answer questions about them.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Glad to hear that bob

I've spent the whole weekend trying to figure out your new system just by reading the most recent posts!

I won't post my current frankenstein setup here, as I don't want to confuse anyone else! I might discuss with you privately by PM.. when are the updated instructions coming up?

Thanks for your time, Bob.

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Thanks! I was getting totally lost in this long thread...

Excellent work, Bob.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Hi Bob --

I'm working on the NY session while you are (probably) at rest in Nanning.

I am checking making earlier entries on H4 by dropping down to H1 for the 6x6.  What I look for is price action beyond the top/bottom 1/6th line (gold) and some movement in the 'right' direction for the Sto.   Obviously, I am still trading manually.

Does this seem excessively risky to you?  Of course, it will lead to more mistakes, BUT, seems on net to earn more total pips.

But, I don't trust myself nearly as much as you.  Ever look at this?

By the way, thank you for your comments back to me on acquiring language in Nanning last week.  The tonal quality of the Chinese family of languages and dialects does seem daunting.  I enjoy linguistics, but this is pretty tough.

By the way, years back at Dartmouth, the Chinese professor (that is a Chinese-heritage professor of Chinese language) told me that learning to speak the language 'wasn't too hard.'  Symbols, of course, are another matter.  Maybe, but Mandarin or Cantonese won't be  confused with the (relative) ease of learning a Romance language, either.  I admire whatever progress you have made.

Hope you can field an opinion on my H1 entry question.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
If you are above the Red lines you are in safer territory. The MA cross serves one major purpose. It increases your odds that when you enter, price is really going to change in that direction. BUT that does not always happen, sometimes it crosses and then continues on its trend and we have a negative trade. Then we get our infamous runner. All currencies during the year will have a run and go off the chart. We do three things to combat that.  We use a MA cross so that we wait  patiently for price direction to change. We wait until price is at an extreme before we try to counter trend the trade. We use the 2.4.2 recovery system to zero out the runner trade and multi level the trade. We had used a 3x3 cross and got into trades earlier but we also got involved in more runners. I think the 6x6 has helped us in getting out of those trades better. Anyway that is why we dont try to get in too early. You are countertrend trading and you must wait for that counter or you will be becoming a great expert in the 2.4.2 recovery system.

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Love those gaps when they go in my direction. Great day. All DD is gone for now. I cant remember the last time I had an all Cad. I dont think I have ever had a an all Cad day. I hate the CAD. Dang it better not screw me this time.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 2 at +10 = +20

aud/cad +30

gbp/jpy, +102

gbp/nzd +62

usd/jpy +21
CLOSED FOR LOSS

gbp/usd -151 2L +73
OPEN TRADES
aud/cad -8 entered manually near R line.

TOTALS
total for day +157
for the week +157
for the month +2258
Carry over -8
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS usd/cad
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS aud/cad eur/cad

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Great month so far Bob. I'd like to see you crack the 3000 pip mark. Looks like you have a real good shot at it.

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
You know I have never done that. It would be funny to crack the 3000 pip mark for the first time in a month I had my biggest DD. That would be wild, my worst and best in the same month.

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
It is now 69-62 on my poll. Slowly over time those that believe it works are beginning to overcome those who dont. The system is meeting the highest criteria. The test of time. I hope to publish a one book, one clear cut system this weekend incorporating the newest improvements. I get a lot of PMs and emails of guys who are getting confused over the multiple systems or changes in the systems.

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Your #1337 to me is really a great answer.

In too soon . . . better chance of a runner.  Big DD.   Of course.

I do need to become more comfortable with the 2.4.2.

Take care.

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Til now, I've traded with 3x3 cross enter signal. By looking back at the difference it would make if using 6x6, we would enter 10 or 20 pips later but safer! I'll test this on my future trades.

This noise on 3x3 made me enter long (also good S line) last week just before the CAD/JPY & USD/JPY Goldman Sachs drop.

I then reentered with a good entry yesterday to finally BE +7 pips! Nice NanningBob multi level trade exercice by the way.

But this made me thinking... If I did put a stoploss just under the first trade swing low, and reentered just like I did with the new entry, I would be at +50 instead of + 7, and I wouldn't have been with a -300 scary DD. Just trying to figure out what's best in the long run.

So you recommend not using 3x3 anymore? Can't wait for your future updates with all the new indi's and rules! Thanks again Bob!

Open trades:

EURJPY: buy +116

NZDCAD: sell +6

In the crosshair:

AUDCAD short

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Hello Bob

I can not find the 2.4.2. recovery  system.

Could you tell me  where I can take?

Also: you could do for us in  Europe we do not have problems of hedge, an automatic version that face  both sell and buy that which takes into account three things listed?

thanks for everything you do.

Romano

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
To hedge with EAs you must have two screens per currency. One screen runs a buy EA and one screen runs a sell EA and each EA must have a different magic number. I had a hedge trading system in Trading the AUD/NZD successfully thread. I stopped using it when IBFX made the spreads so wide it no longer worked well. You can  download the EAs there and adjust them to what you want. I had tried hedging EAs on many different currencies pairs but I never reall could get it to work over a long period of time on any other currency pair. Maybe you have some better ideas than what I had. It was sad because that was the most profitable system I had ever produced though.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Well hooray for the CAD, interesting day with no change in the interest rate. Produced some nice moves. Ok today playing the AUD and CHF off of gold lines and previous  primary trades from several weeks ago. Good secondary trade set ups. Since price action moved big only one +10 today. Heading for the Magic 3000 mark for the month. May make it.  Dang good month.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 1 at +10 = +10

aud/cad +50 +50 +50 The MPTM moved my SL up evey 20 points and it hit it 3 times during the day at +50

eur/cad +197 total from 3 seperate trades

usd/cad +174 total from 3 seperate trades
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

TOTALS
total for day +531
for the week +688
for the month +2789
Carry over 0
primary trades
BUYS

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS  eur/gbp
SELLS aud/chf, aud/jpy, aud/usd, gbp/chf, nzd/chf, nzd/jpy, usd/chf (playing the double top manually at the R line)

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
2.4.2 recovery system is found on page 23 and 24 of my book 2nd edition. Page 1 post 1

Also, go to my other thread 60x90 system page 1 post 1. Follow the directions from numbers 11, 20 and 21. I give examples and more notes.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=150293

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Hi Bob

I've got two questions concerning the EA's:

1. What do I have to change in the EA so it can enter with 6 digit pairs?

2. What do I have to change in the EA so it can enter with a 6x6 crossing instead of 3x3.

Thanks! And have a happy trading day...

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
There are 4 digit brokers and 5 digit brokers. One of those EAs will work with them. Use the 4 digit EA.

4D 6x6 is found posted March 14 and the sixths indicator is found posted on April 6th

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Thanks for your reply. I guess I'll trade manually or use pending orders with 6 digits pairs @ fxpro (GBPCHF: 1.64492, EURGBP: 0.87105, AUDUSD: 0.93230, GBPUSD: 1.54149.... etc...)

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Hi Bob,

I am just joing this thread and wondered where I can get your latest indies, tutorials and methodology behind your system so that i dont get

nailed using old stuff. hope you dont mind the question. thanks!

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
Bob, btw, I have an office down in Romania where we are now starting a trading school to teach disadvantaged and disabled people to trade the forex market. We provide them with small micro accounts once they do all the tutorials etc, so, after scouting the internet extensively I am most impressed with the potential of your system to provide trainees with a solid background to trade profitably in the long run.

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Hi,

Bob said he was working on a new package V.3 for his system. It should come soon...

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
okeedokee, thanks roach...

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
did Bob give any indication of how long he might take to produce v3?

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
hey, guten tag Xaron....

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
I have my annual parent's meeting Friday night and then hope to finish the rewrite this weekend. Goal is to have it ready before Monday.

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
lol. Grüß Dich!

Might be a stupid question but what does this "MPTM" mean?

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
It's Multi Purpose Trade Manager by Steve Hopwood
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=89371

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Got it thanks. What I still don't understand is how do you handle those reentries (in case of a +10 BE stop using that trade manager)? When does the EA enters the trade again if you were stopped out at BE? With the next 6x6 cross?

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
If You didn't turn it off (use 6x6 blank template) and MA's are still in direction of trade, EA reenters at MPTM BE.

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Hey Bob

I got a message the other day saying I had stolen a 50x50 basket idea of yours, thought it was quite funny as I'm sure I would have told you on skype haha

thinking of it I'm not sure what the 50x50 basket is

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Well dont worry my friend, none of my systems are basket systems. We trade each currency individually based on certain criteria. So you are safe with me. Wont be coming to visit you from China with a tire iron.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Barring any surprises I will pass the 3000 pip mark today. I have never done that before.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 8 at +10 = +80

aud/jpy, +36

aud/usd +37
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/chf, -20

aud/jpy, -1

aud/usd, -15
eur/gbp  -7 EA has not crossed but I manually entered a trade at the S line

gbp/chf, -22 EA has not crossed but I manually entered a trade at the R line

gbp/nzd +2 EA has not crossed but I manually entered a trade at the R line

nzd/chf, -10

nzd/jpy, +21

usd/chf  -86

TOTALS
total for day +153
for the week +841
for the month +2942
Carry over 0
primary trades
BUYS aud/cad, eur/cad

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS  eur/gbp
SELLS gbp/jpy, gbp/nzd, gbp/usd

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Take it to the bank folds gbp/nzd, gbp/chf enter at the R Line, it doesnt get better or safer than that. For you to get into trouble price has to blow off the screen, a very unlikely event. Not going to say it never happens but is a rare event. So bet the house today.

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
What does that mean "it reenters at MPTM BE"? Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
Lets say 6x6 Buy EA enters a buy order. You set MPTM to BE+10 at 20. Price goes up 20 pips and MPTM sets SL at BE+10. Now price returns down and hit SL. If 6x6 EA is still on and MA's didn't cross down, 6x6 Buy EA open immediately another buy order.

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Thanks for that. But wouldn't be that almost the same as let the initial trade open without paying the additional spread?

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
It was discussed on this thread.

This is Bob's example
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1298

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Thanks Patreze!

I just think about it and scratch my head. Because when you set a SL only 10 pips away you often just get stopped out due to the noise. Reentering right at the SL level again doesn't look that sexy to me.  Sorry if I don't get that right yet.

I see you get a lot of those +10 pips BE trades which is great. All those trades mean that the position was in the plus 20 pips at least. As the probability of getting stopped out at BE with a 10 pips stop (initially) you could just set a tp of 20 pips and all those +10 pips BE trades would be immediately +20 pips.

Of course in that case we have the problem that there are trades which don't look back and we need some runners as well. So maybe one could just close one half at +20 and let the remaining half run without that BE stop?

I just think about to optimize this a bit. The system here is one of the most logical and best out there. It will always work because it just simple and rock solid.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Well, I say try it, test it and then share it with us

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Right, finally I got it. The main goal is just to exploit the short term randomness and price fluctuations and collect those 10 pips ever and ever again.

That reminds me on grid trading where you just set a tp of 10 pips and place several pending stop (buy/sell) orders in the direction of the move. Should work the same way as this is almost exactly what happens beside the fact that you use a SL to catch those 10 pips and reenter there where it would be the same to initially use a tp of 10 pips and reenter there. The only difference is the case where the price just go ahead without looking back.

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
There is one more scenario and this is the benefit. If you are in the same 4H candle yes the EA will always reenter. However if you are in a new candle then all the lines have moved and on a retrace you may also get a cross back up and no reentrance. This does not happen often but it can and so you pick a different entrance later. This is when prices are in a very tight range. At first it seems crazy, you just seem to be paying the spread over and over again but total pip wise I pick up a lot more pips this way. Where the benefit comes is over a period of days where price action is going nowhere and you pick up 1 one day. 2 the next, 1 the next and then price takes off somewhere. It was an extra 40 pips I did not pick up before. Lets say price went against you and you have to do a 2nd level and later you zero out or take a small profit/loss trade. That is 40 pips you never would have gotten if you had just played the cross. That 1st level trade got you nothing but a loss on the books and your only profit came from the 2nd level. At least this way you got something from that trade. So lets say the MPTM picked up +40 but later you closed a zero out trade of -100 1st level and +100 2nd level for 0 but with the MPTM that series of trades bagged you an extra 40 which ended up being your profit on a zero out trade sequence. Clear as mud yes??? When you think of trading I think of a trade sequence instead of one single trade win or lose. When I have a DD in a currency pair, I might end up with 8-15 trades before I am done. Maybe 40% are MPTM, 1 or 2 are losing trades and the rest were profitable. So the entire trade sequence is really your profit or loss. That sometimes is the hard part to grasp and understand.

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
For example I was into the AUD/JPY for most of the month on one big long trading sequence. I did 36 closing trades on it. Here is the breakdown: 21 were MPTM for 210 pips  5 were for losses for -484 10 were winners for +357 Without the MPTM my pip profit is smaller than my pip loss. (You must remember my losses are 1st level trades and they have the lowest lot size, so moneywise I make money even though I have lost more pips than won.) So with out the MPTM I am -127 pip wise (money wise there was a small profit) But with the MPTM I am +83 pip wise and sitting on a much bigger profit. Anyway that is my breakdown on that trade sequence.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
How could I have avoided this situation?

RWB, RSI in oversold zone, price under 6th line...

Time to go on a recovery ride...

We can see some RSI divergence on those lower lows, so maybe not enough momentum to continue... Dunno....

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
I'm inside this one too and even deeper in trouble with EUR/NZD on 4H sixth system. Let's hope they are back soon

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Almost took this one but didn't. Price did go deeper 2 weeks ago, so I felt it could go deeper for a retrace. I get really scary with very fast pair so I really wait until the retrace signal is confirmed by a nice clean MA cross. My buy EA is on for this pair.

It seems like a lot of pairs are breaking supports.

My EA opened long on EURGBP because of a spike, but no retracement yet, still going down.

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
I wonder if GBP/CHF is going down at last? it is quite stubborn.

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
There are not guarantees that is why we multi level and if that fails we uses the 2.4.2 recovery system. It is all part of the package. Price action dictates what we do next.

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Ok. Crossed the 3000 pip barrier and getting some backup here. See how the day goes.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 12 at +10 = +120

aud/usd, +37
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/cad, -7

aud/chf, -81

aud/jpy,    0

eur/cad,   -60

eur/gbp  -119

gbp/chf, -82

gbp/jpy   -79

gbp/nzd -30

nzd/chf, -75

nzd/jpy, -1

usd/chf  -183 2ndL -19

TOTALS
total for day   +157
for the week  +998
for the month +3099
Carry over      -736
primary trades
BUYS chf/jpy, eur/usd, eur/nzd

SELLS
Secondary trades
BUYS
SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
If I were trading this chart manually, I wouldn't have entered yet. I'd wait for Red,White and Blue to be at extremes with price in  bottom 1/3 ,1/4 of chart and then confirmed divergence. That is, you get a lower low with the next 4HR candle closing higher. I also have a couple other rules I follow when it comes to divergence. The divergence has to be spread over at least 4 candles but no more than 5 days. The confirmation candle has to be green for a buy and not a pin bar or spinning top with a tail pointing up. On the chart below, if that last green candle finishes green and doesn't finish with a tail up, I'm in at close. Why the two RSI indicators? One is a high and one is a low. Look at the low when your getting lower lows and the high for higher highs.

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Dilemma...

Let's say you've got a good signal to short a currency on one pair, and a good long signal for the same currency on another pair (this is happening with AUD now). What would you do?

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
For those who have 6 digits pairs (good news for me! just what I was looking for):

5d EA enters correctly! I'm not sure it'll manage the recovery system, but I don't care as I'll manage this manually, turning off EA template as soon as it enters L1.

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
I took three aud pairs. It depends on if the currencies are related. For instance the gbp, euro, and chf are all similar but the aud/nzd is not. Aud/cad is good buy since it dropped off of a nonevent. The Cad did not raise its rates so the news made it move crazy. However, not raising rates makes a good rebound trade the next day or two later. Aud/chf Makes a great sell because Euro currencies are all showing weakness across the board. Aud/nzd is a great buy and the NZD is not related to any thing happening in Europe. So I have sells on aud/chf, and buys on aud/cad and aud/nzd.

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Well thanks for your knowledge. This means I'm on the right tracks, but I was a bit scared. I'm short on audchf and long on audcad.

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Wow, this is clearly turning into my greatest trading month ever. Hopefully that last statement wont be a knock on wood with a week left but I am getting excited. First lets give that MPTM a big hand for nailing 230 pips in one day, that was a record. WOW. That thing was busy all day long. Probably too busy and is an example of how you may have lost pips to the broker but most of the time I feel I do better with it.Anyway +767 pips in one day, I will take that. I am taking my wife out to the best restaurant in Nanning this weekend.
Dare I whisper a 4000 pip month. Is that even possible. Egads did I even say that. And this month started with the biggest DD I have ever had since I started posting last AUG. WOOOOOOOO WEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 23 at +10 = +230

aud/chf, +47

aud/jpy  +45

chf/jpy, +10 dont know what happened here. The MPTM took a profit and the EA didnt reenter. I wonder if I accidently took it off.

eur/aud +127

eur/cad, +49

eur/jpy  +50

eur/nzd  +50

eur/usd, +59

gbp/nzd +44 Got 4 MPTM on this. This is an example where the MPTM did not give you the best returns on a trade but that is how it worked out.

usd/chf  +72 3rd level
CLOSED FOR LOSS

aud/cad, -6 I never did put a 2L trade on this, dont know why?? I think I missed it and just let it go.
OPEN TRADES

aud/jpy,  -53

aud/nzd,  -14

eur/cad,  -51

eur/nzd   -78

eur/gbp   -54

gbp/chf,  -108    -33 did get 2MPTM on this one.

gbp/jpy    -177  2L -22

gbp/usd   -59 Got 4 mptm on this one also then price reversed off of the  last one

nzd/chf,   -102  2nd L -16

nzd/jpy,   -109  2nd L -14

usd/chf     -119 2ndL +3

BUYS
TOTALS
total for day    +   767
for the week   +1765
for the month  +3866
Carry over  -1006
Primary trades
BUYS aud/nzd

SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS usd/jpy, nzd/usd

Look for entrances after the gaps on next weeks opening.

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
After I posted my largest DD earlier this month some guy voted against the system. Wonder what he thinks today. I wish I knew who he was so I could send the results for the month.

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Bob, congratulations on a fantastic week. Wish I was in your shoes!

Have a great weekend, dude.

Wow, this is clearly turning into my greatest trading month ever. Hopefully that last statement wont be a knock on wood with a week left but I am getting excited. First lets give that MPTM a big hand for nailing 230 pips in one day, that was a record. WOW. That thing was busy all day long. Probably too busy and is an example of how you may have lost pips to the broker but most of the time I feel I do better with it.Anyway +767 pips in one day, I will take that. I am taking my wife out to the best restaurant in Nanning this weekend.
Dare I whisper a 4000 pip month. Is that even possible. Egads did I even say that. And this month started with the biggest DD I have ever had since I started posting last AUG. WOOOOOOOO WEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Congratulations, you deserve it for your untiring & courteous posts

Enjoy your celebration meal --

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Wow Bob, I'm really happy for you. So many pips! (So, how was that great restaurant?!)

I've been trading your system for 10 days and already +751 pips in my bag (-121 carry over)!

What's really great is that even when I had a -400 DD I wasn't that scared. You've just gotta trust the system and not chicken out closing negative trades. That's a great lesson...

As I'm seriously considering going live in a few weeks (I need to exercise myself a bit more on DDs, and how to manage them better), I wanted to know about money management with this sytem. With other systems I've traded with, I used to trade X lots according to my stop loss and my balance so I wouldn't risk more than 3% of it. But here, with your system having no defined stop loss, I'm wondering how many lots I should trade each time. I'm thinking of opening a 1500$ account.

Thanks again for your help! I'm really looking forward to V.3. By the way, will it include MPTM? (Those everyday +5's & +10's would be greatly appreciated!)

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Hi Bob,

I have been following the thread for a while now and have taken many primary trades on demo just getting use to the system (still not good at selecting secondary trades with confidence).  Just wanted to say that this is one of the only threads on FF where someone has shown their results with so much detail and consistency over a long period of time.  In many threads, even many popular threads, results are just talked about anecdotally.  I really appreciate all the hard work you put into this system's development and the teaching of the system to others.  I currently trade on shorter time frames but want to learn to trade in a way where I don't have to be in front of the screen for 10 hours per day.

I am excited about the V3 manual - will probably read it the moment it is released and get started demo'ing things.

Regards,

McPip

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Hi Bob

very good news. I hope you enjoyed your night out with your other half.

It may be a good idea to start a new thread with the version 3. It would be helpful to the newbies and you can get rid of the poll.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Your right, I think it is time for a new thread. The sixths indicator is revolutionary and worth its own spot. I will post the 4D version here and get it tested and then the 5D finish the screen, update the booklet. Get to the point we can find things again.

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Actually this is version 4. I never really published version 3 even though I wrote the book and EAs. I am more comfortable with a MA cross than I was with the high/low system. Test it out, read it and let me know. Sorry only had time to put the 4D version up. You can make your own buy and sell screens for now. Just a blank template. That took 10 minutes to upload, hope you can download it. Good luck Version 4

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
thanks Bob for this update. Could you please also load your buy/sell templates with the 6x6 eas? I'm trying to drag and drop the new eas on a chart but keep having the  icon.

Thanks for your help.

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
When you drag the EA onto the screen you have to check the box 'allow live trading' under the common tab. I dont have those screens yet, I have been dragging the EAs onto the screen for now.

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
NB,

Do you trade two instances of each pair?  One with MPTM and one without?

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Wow, this is clearly turning into my greatest trading month ever. Hopefully that last statement wont be a knock on wood with a week left but I am getting excited. First lets give that MPTM a big hand for nailing 230 pips in one day, that was a record. WOW. That thing was busy all day long. Probably too busy and is an example of how you may have lost pips to the broker but most of the time I feel I do better with it.Anyway +767 pips in one day, I will take that. I am taking my wife out to the best restaurant in Nanning this weekend.
Dare I whisper a 4000 pip month. Is that even possible. Egads did I even say that. And this month started with the biggest DD I have ever had since I started posting last AUG. WOOOOOOOO WEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.

welldone. allthough this my first look at the thread it shows your persistance.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Perfect it works! Thanks. (How many "thanks" have I sent you? Not enough i guess...)

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Hey Bob, have you ever tried trading weekly and monthly time frames with this system?

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Yes and No. I am not that patient of a trader but I am sure it would work. That is long term stuff, to sit on a trade for weeks or months. That is what true fundamental traders do. You have to know your currency fundamentals really well to know when to get in or out of a trade. They love to play off of S/R lines.  I am not that patient.  But I am sure the Sixths Indicator would help in finding them.

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Hi Bob,

About MPTM, I've playing around with this EA and the thousands of possiblities/options. As you've tested it for quite a long time now, what do you reckon are the best settings so far, and also, the settings to apply so that the EA doesn't interfeer with other open trades and stuff...?

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
I only use two settings Breakeven with a +10 profit after 20 pips and Jump Stop. It moves the stop loss every 25 pips. The rest of the EA I dont find that useful at least not at this point. You can change the settings in the EA to work with any currency pair only or any magic number etc. You will have to set them yourself. I am happy with the BE part and that is all I plan on using.

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Hi Bob, what's your personal opinion on the EURNZD?

I'm on the 3rd level trade right now on that one, still waiting for the price to turn back upwards, the damn pair.

Thanks buddy!

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Well I guess you're not the only one! Just opened my -200 second level long trade.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Ok so this is what I did:

Opened a random chart (eurusd here). Opened the "6x6 be jump" template. Changed the jump stop from 30 to 25. Now I've got a black screen where I can see all my ongoing trades, equity and breakeven. Have I just got to wait until the next 6x6 cross on one of these pairs, and a trade will open automatically?

Also, some of my charts are still with 3x3 MA. Must I change all of them to 6x6 for the MPTM to manage them?

I hope I'm not bugging you with my questions!

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
We may have to quit trading the EURO soon it is collapsing from the Greek Crisis and rumors.

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
When you are learning a system you should not be trading the high volatile pairs. Unless you are ready for 5-800 DD you shouldnt touch EUR/NZD or GBP/NZD, along with the gbp/jpy. I make a lot of money on the eur/nzd but I also have traded it for a couple of years. It is a nasty pair that can move 4-800 pips in one day. The GBP/NZD I actually use 250-300 pip reentries. So Downsize that puppy and leave it alone. It is not worth trading live unless you really know what you are doing.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
That is what the screen looks like. The MPTM does nothing until and EA enters a trade. It only moves the SL. That is all it does.

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Have fun with this one. I just checked the monthly chart and it doesnt look pretty for this one. Evidently  no one in NZD thinks much of the EURO lately it is on a 1 year nose dive and there are no support levels. Have no idea, I may just eat this one and dont bother with it. I will let it run today and see what happens. Sometimes you are just on the wrong end of a collapsing currency.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
I closed my middle 2L trade on the EUR/NZD and will go with a 300 reentrance spread and see if I can survive this. So I had already earned half of the loss today so I used it to close it out. I hope to break even on that loss and then see if I can zero my way out of htis one. This looks nasty.

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Hi Bob,

Could you advise your settings for the following MPTM parameters? Thanks heaps!

BreakEvenPips

BreakEvenProfit

JumpingStopPips

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
I got too frustrated and took the loss with a brave face, closing all my trades on this pair.

From now on, only sell orders on the EURXXX pairs.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
It is in the new folder. but they are at +20 set SL at +10. Jump every 25 pips. I like jumpstop better than trailing stop. If you get a good runner it is less likely to stop out. I also used a +15 SL at +5 for a while and it worked good too. But I am happy at +10

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
The EUR/NZD is different than most other pairs. It will go 700 pips one way and retrace 400 pips back in one session. You have to be patient willing to ride it out. But the EURO does worry me. Too much talk of Germany pulling out or kicking out several countries. Either way the Euro will be all over the place if these rumors start having some truth to them. Instead of the USD being all over the place OCT. 2008 it will be the EURO doing it. Gonna make it tough trading.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
This is the first divergence indicator I've found that alerts on regular and hidden divergence. It displays with a one bar delay so there are no repainting issues. http://codebase.mql4.com/1115

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Sorry Bob, just to clarify, is that:

BreakEvenPips = 20

BreakEvenProfit =10

JumpingStopPips =25

Let me know if that's wrong, thanks again

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
That is what I have been using. For example. I took a loss on the L2 Eur/nzd but my MPTM has regained 75% of that loss already. Now if I get my retrace or BE on that pair I am  out with very little damage. For most traders that trade would be a disaster but with my system and a little patience and smart trading you get out with just a little worry for a time.

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Ok so let's say you were short on EURNZD with your 6x6 SELL EA ON. Even if you are short with this EA, MPTM manages long trades retracements? I thought MPTM only entered trades going the same direction as the EA applied on the chart. So basically MPTM will manage crosses either direction during your main/initial trade (only if the 6x6 is still on)? Am I correct?

If I am, I open a primary trade following your rules, and let MPTM manage zigzags/retracements during that trade to "scalp" some pips here and there, and it will never close the first/initial trade. Is that correct?

Thanks Bob for your help.

Update:

Maybe a partial answer from myself... MPTM just tried to open a long trade upon an MA cross. I had no trades running on this pair. So apparently MPTM runs on any pair with an open chart. OK. Thing is, I've had an alert telling me : "EURUSD buy trade. Jumping stop function failed to set SL at breakeven, with error(130): invalid stops" (I'm using the EA in the V4 package, just change the "30" line to "25"). Is it because of a 6digit pair? Any idea? I'll see later if MPTM enters correctly with 4 and 5 digits...

Update2: Or maybe it just tried to enter because the MPTM black screen is on EURUSD chart.... I'm lost!!

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
I'm liking this system quite a bit, and trading it on a micro account.  I just downloaded the new 6x6 indicators on the v4 system.  However, I can't trade EA's with my broker, so am trading this manually.  Not really a problem.

I'm seeing a good trade on NZD/JPY, so will be entering that as soon as I get home.  That's one nice thing about EA's, they can place trades while you are away at work!  But this being a 4H time frame, unless the pair really takes off, it is safe to assume the trade will still be valid after another bar.

One thing I'm not very clear on, is what initial stop losses NB is using.  One thing that should would work well is to use the distance between the Yellow and Blue sixth indicator, and then put your SL that far away from initial entry.  I assume the EA's already set a S/L, but I'll be putting these in manually as I said before.

I believe that as long as we manage the "runners" (those pairs that zoom in one direction without retracing) this system is quite robust.  Esp. for pairs which are known for rangy behavior.

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
OK that was an ugly day but still position wise I am sitting good. Taking manual trades off of the S/R lines and getting returns on them. Aud became good secondary trades after the jpy session yesterday and took them.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 19 at +10 = +190

aud/chf + 50 Secondary trade

eur/aud  +50 Secondary trade
CLOSED FOR LOSS

eur/cad,  -12

eur/gbp   -82 +41

eur/nzd -275  +50 3 mptm
OPEN TRADES

aud/chf -13 I took this trade as a secondary trade TP and 1 MPTM

aud/jpy,  -2      2L 2 MPTM

aud/nzd,  -117  2L 0

eur/gbp   -7

eur/nzd   -347 2L -108  3L -19

gbp/chf,  -164    -108 -2 did get 2MPTM on this one.

gbp/jpy    -255  2L -107  3L -6

gbp/usd   -150  -43

nzd/chf,   -154  2nd L -68

nzd/jpy,   -164  2nd L -84  3L +1

nzd/usd  not entered yet

usd/chf     -100 2ndL -9

usd/jpy, +20
BUYS
TOTALS
total for day    + 12
for the week   +12
for the month  +3878
Carry over  -2007
Primary trades
BUYS  NO NEW TRADES PICKED UP THE AUD YESTERDAY DURING THE EUR SESSION.

SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Look for entrances after the gaps on next weeks opening.

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
I use a 1000 SL and try to 0 out every trade. Kind of a crazy way to trade but so far so good. If you wish to be a SL player that may not be a bad idea. Another place would be the top/bottom of the chart. Anyways runner time especially on the NZD pairs. Interest rate news Wed and they seem to be positioning themselves for a reversal there. Rumor an increase then big drop when it doesnt. Similar to the CAD next week. If they do increase then price already relflects it. So I feel good in them. EUR/NZD did its usual thing. If you are not used to that pair and its runs welcome to heart attack city. I also do a lot more manual trading with the MPTM. Catch a lot of +10 around those S/R areas. Anything beyond those gold lines I am going to manually input a trade at those points. Pick a bunch of MPTM and since they are not EA trades they dont reenter. Then pick up the entrance later off of the EA. I put a pic up next post showing that kind of trade.

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
GBP/CHF secondary trade. A thing of beauty. Did this several times yesterday on the GBP pairs and NZD pairs.

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
This is the 3rd week in a row I have been picking off of these tops on the GBP/USD. Take those R trades when you see this above or below the gold lines.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
IF YOU HAVE THE MPTM SET FOR 'TRUE' for manage all trades, it will manage all your trades. If you have manual trades it does them all. If you close one trade with a magic number, the EA closes all trades of the same magic number on that currency pair not the MPTM. If you have 4 trades going and each one has a different magic number or are manual the MPTM handles each trade seperately. Only when you have two trades using the same magic number will it close both. The MPTM does not close both trades but the EA does. That is why with Ver. 4 I have seperate EA with seperate magic numbers for each level. You handle each level seperately with the MPTM. That is why yesterday I closed that one EUR/NZD 2L without affecting the other levels. It is also why I am not getting my good separation on my levels because I am entering off of crosses and S/R lines instead of every 200 pips like in the past. We will see if this is a good thing or not. But I will take those trade off of S/R lines above the gold lines. Those are pretty safe trades.

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Update:

Maybe a partial answer from myself... MPTM just tried to open a long trade upon an MA cross.

THE MPTM DOES NOT OPEN TRADES, IT ONLY  MANAGES EXISTING TRADES. IT IS A SEPARATE EA FROM THE OTHERS THAT ONLY MANAGES EXISTING TRADES.

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
I will trade 3L on any pair. Some are entered with the EA, some are entered manually. The MPTM never enters trades, it only manages existing trades. It is the one that moves up the SL to BE and +10. That is all it does.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Hey Bob,

Since we're sort of on the topic of MPTM, I too have begun using the EA with a 25 pip stop with 10 pip BE after 20 pips but...

Sometimes price triggers the BE when the moving averages haven't crossed back over, which causes the entrance EA to get back in the trade...

How do I get the EA to deactivate after entering a trade so that MPTM can handle things?

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
You can use a blank template after an EA trade.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
That is what it is designed to do. We had this discussion just a couple of pages ago.

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Thanks for the reply Bob.  I just started looking at the MPTM documentation.  I trade on MB Trading, and they do have MT4 support now, I would just have to move my account over to take advantage.  I could really get comfortable with an EA that only manages trades.  I never liked other EA's that entered too many trades, or entered at times when you didn't expect them to.  I like that the MPTM can be used with very strict parameters, and to only do one or two things well.

Anyway, my NZD/JPY trade from last night is doing well, and am just waiting to move SL to break even.  I hear what you say about the volatile pairs, and am only trading the pairs you identified in the 4th edition doc as Medium and Moderate volatility.  13 pairs is enough to test with for now.

Will play around with the MPTM on metatrader, looks to be a powerful tool.

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Hello bob, i have been following your thread for a little while (started to look at your systems and development since 35x25 which i believe was yours) and I would like to tell you that i have decided to go live with your system. I will start with a small account at mb trading and see where i can take it. Thank you, for all your lessons and motivations, i check up with your thread regular but until recently saw no need to register, but now that im going live i think it will be good for me to post results and follow the thread more closely.

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
I turned on the BUY EA for EURJPY after having a look at the daily charts and deciding it was a valid possible trade

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
loving the system bob - as always.

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Thanks guys appreciate all the comments. This is my best month trading by far and because prices usually range all summer I am looking forward to doing more. The one caution I have started throwing out it watch out for the EURO. With several countries over their head in debt and Greece ready to go under, we need to keep our ears open for developments. I may take a position of trading only outside the Gold lines on the euro just to try to protect myself. So keep your eyes and ears open. I have no idea what would happen in Forex if Greece defaults or is kicked out of the EURO community. Obviously there would be shock waves. My advice is this, if a big super news story does break and  some of your trades are on the wrong  side. JUST EAT THE LOSS. I will not try to 2.4.2 my way out of it.

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
OK good day, some nice moves out there. I am playing that price will go to the middle today in preperation for tonights interest rate news. That is my take. Then get out before the USA session or reduce my risk at that time. I hope I am right. WOW what a day. 1014 pips in one day, that is the third time I have done a 1000 pips in one day. Dang
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 23 at +10 = +230

aud/jpy, +50 + 76  4 MPTM (166 pips and closed this trade to early)

aud/nzd  2L +33

eur/gbp +40

eur/nzd +50 -27  2MPTM Did some trading on this pair cant explain it all.

gbp/jpy +10  2L +66  3L +50 +50 +50 +50 MAKE ME SMILE I have a +50 TP on my 3L and just let it run. Yippppppppeeeeeeeeeeee

gbp/nzd +50 + 50 -29 Love these play outside the gold lines

gbp/usd   -20 +50

nzd/jpy,   -36  2nd L +37  3L +42

nzd/usd  +67

usd/jpy, +75
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/chf -51

aud/nzd,  -83

eur/nzd   -396 2L -153  3L ?? EA is on

gbp/chf,  -193    -115 L3 0 I dont like my 2L here may close it if price goes against me. Keep my spacing. 3 MPTM

nzd/chf,   -162  2nd L -83 2 MPTM yesterday

usd/chf     -256 2ndL -163 3L 0

BUYS
TOTALS
total for day    + 1014
for the week   +1026
for the month  +4892
Carry over  -1655
Primary trades
BUYS aud/usd, chf/jpy, eur/jpy, eur/usd, gbp/usd

SELLS usd/cad

Secondary trades
BUYS  eur/gbp

SELLS

Look for entrances after the gaps on next weeks opening.

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
I cant believe it, wonder why people lose money in this business? I just had my third 1000 pip day ever and some dumb idiot voted against my system on the day I was having a 1000 pip day. Can you believe that. SHEEEEEEEESH. I know it takes time to learn this but dang to vote no on my best day of the year.  WOULD YOU HAVE THE GUTS TO TELL US WHO YOU ARE AND TELL US WHY YOU WOULD VOTE NO!!!!!!!!!! I REALLY WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHO YOU ARE.

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
Bob, this reminds me of the idiots around my neighbourhood who buzz my intercom at 3am in the morning then run away.. They're just bored (and usually drunk)

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Bob, congrats for your 1000pips gain.

I am demoing with $5000 bucks. Would you advise whether 0.1 lot is suitable money management for the amount?

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Damn EA!!

Ok it is really helpfull when you're at work with no MT4. But be careful as it can enter some really stupid trades. Now I'm in deep sh... entering a 2L trade to, hopefully, BE, but I doubt it...

Maybe I should just use trade manually on the extreme 6ths. Placing pending orders above/ below the last candles high/low as soon as price and BWR are at extremes. I've using the 6x6EA for 10 days now and it's giving me really late signals.

But don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining, I love this system and believe in it, still banked 287 pips yesterday. I just want to avoid this really annoying situation. Any Advice? Bob, I see you're using the HIGH/LOW EA and not the 6x6. What's best?

PS: yes I do still use BB bands, it sort of guides me

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Hi,

Just wondering... Would it be easy to create an e-mail alert when swingman's turquoise and magenta line appear?

Good pipping to all...

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
If it is dimes that should be right. If it is dollars that could be risky. I trade nickels with  about a 1000 USD and that keeps me fairly safe.

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
That is why that pair is on the most volatile list. If you are going to play with the gbp/nzd be ready to use 250-300 reentries. For this pair your situation is normal. You are not used to this so you have a choice. Close out and never use it again or learn to deal with this situation. GBP/NZD, GBP/anything will do this. EUR/NZD EUR/JPY same thing to a lesser degree. Remember my aud/jpy trade, I took 3 weeks to zero it out in fact I made a profit with it. I have played the gbp/nzd at times and gone 3 levels -150 or about 700 in the hole for L1 and ended up with a profit so. Count this as part of your learning tuition. There is a reason why I dont even list that pair, I only trade it when it is at very high/low extremes.

The reason I teach multi-level trading is this will not be the first or last time you will find yourself in this situation. I have a plan. If I go 2-300 pips in the hole I reenter again. If I retrace to profit great. If not I will reenter again. The first time you this it scares the ............... out of you but once you get used to using it. Heck I find it normal. Yesterday I was over -2000 pips DD. Today I am -1600 pips DD but I pocketed another 1000+ in the bank. If you can master this and it will take time and you will take your lumps. You will find forex trading not stressful.

I use the high/low EA or I manually input them at just below or above S/R lines. But you could use it. In my trading arsenal and I dont want to confuse the H........... out of you guys but I use a BB sometimes, 6x6, 3x3, 1x7, depending on how I am reading the charts. Once you get used to 6x6 you will look at a trade and say, I wish I could get in quicker now than the 6x6 so I use different EAs or if this moves up a couple more pips what a great entrance for the high/low EA. It will all come over time. I only tell you about my 6x6 trades and enters above and below the gold line.

Anyways I am taking that trade. Below Gold, RWB below 15, double bottom, looks good to me. I entered manually right at support and put the 3x3 EA on there. If it moves up strongly I can be in again.

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
YOu will have to contract Swingman since he did not post the code. He will have to do it.

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
Boy is this market going to overbought and oversold for tonight. You can bet I will have a sell  or buy at every S/R past the gold line for tonight. Looking good. If you are new to this put penny trades on them manually and watch what happens. Since it is 3 hours to news time price could move an hour before back to the middle or they will just sit until the witching hour at those S/R lines. Once everything is in position and price takes off just turn the EAs off and manually close them out when you are happy with your profit.

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
I believe in your system so I WILL hold on those toxic trades. Just have to do some yoga while I'm in deep DD . Having constantly -1000 DD is part of the game! I'm just part of the 99.9% traders who freak out when -100 pips. (the 0.01% other must live in China )

I've contacted Mr Swingman... I'll post the code if he sends me one.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
For instance the EUR/JPY suddenly moved up 130 pips from the S line I took the profit and turned the Buy Low EA on. If it goes back to oversold I am in again if it keeps going I am out. Either way I pocketed 100+ on that pair. Just like that and your a winner. I did not know whether to stay in or out but I will take it.

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
I also took this early. Good thing I didn't use 6x6 EA. Looking back at the charts, when PA is coming from gold lines, it moves 150-200 pips on average. So I think I'll set TP on green line.

Ahhhh it's good to see at last some trade going on well, especially with EUR!

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
good news : Aid of 120billions for Greece. Hang on to those EUR/XXX trades!

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
You know you let some currencies run and TP on others. The ones I let run didnt and the one I took TP eur/jpy just kept on going. Oh well welcome to forex.

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
Just to let you know I try to keep my ratios low so I can handle surprises without damaging my account. I trade nickels at 800 dollars this month and my return on one live account (4H system) has been 25%, one of my best months ever. I have used this EA for 2 weeks at .05 and one week at .01 and my return has been 10.3%. These numbers would keep your account with less than 10% on average DD and 20% when I was running my worst case DD. To hit 83% or triple of what I have done would mean in a worst case DD you would be endangering your account. Now if you have extra money to put in the account you can trade like that but if you dont then it is dangerous. I now have a rule that if my margin goes bigger than 20% of my account on a DD I will add more funds to that account and keep my ratios intact. That way I can run my 2.4.2 recovery system without being hampered by not having enough funds. So those are my rules guys in case you need to know. Those rules come from a lot of bad experiences but those numbers seem to fit if you trade at a 100:1 leverage. I hope this helps some of you with your trading.

I just helped out a guy who had a very large account and was over 10% DD on just a few trades. I used about 20% sized lots than he used and I got him back to BE after a couple of days. So keep your account intact and trade wisely. Again nothing wrong with 83% return is you have the extra funds to put in the account quickly if it gets into trouble. But if you dont have a buffer then you will get into trouble at some point. I have 3 accoutns with IBFX. I trade 2 live and one has reserve money just in case. IBFX will transfer from one account to another in a matter of minutes if I need it. So that is how I trade and how I protect myself.

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
The fan gets hit.

Spain downgraded.

Never been so deep in DD: - 1385 pips.

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Hello i have modified the ea to work on both 4 and 5 digits, so you wouldn't have to release separate upgrades for each (since i did not see it done in the last upgrade) I hope this would be helpful to newcomers to thread like me which do not understand how to convert the ea from 4 to 5, it will work on any platform now 4 or 5.

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Well not every day can be a home run but I wll take it. 657 pips in one is getting to be a bad day for me. The +50 are from my high/low or manual entrances off of the high/low above the gold line. Right now I am making alot of pips from those trades. Most of my winnings are coming from those trades and MPTM and not the 6x6 cross. I am making a killing playing those bounces off of the top/bottom of the charts. I enter pick up profit and then price is going right back over the line again. It is making me look like a super trader but that is what the market is giving me. 6000 pips this month anyone???
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 22 at +10 = +220

aud/usd, +48

chf/jpy +3 3mptm and then closed it out.

eur/gbp +45

eur/jpy, +90

eur/usd +50

gbp/chf +74 -3

gbp/nzd +50 +50

usd/cad +30

usd/chf took 4mptm and then I closed the 3L trade
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/chf -107 +13

aud/nzd, -73

eur/nzd -469 2L -226 3L -65

eur/usd -22

gbp/chf, -200

gbp/nzd -83 -13

gbp/usd -24

nzd/chf, -200 2nd L -83

usd/chf -250 2ndL -96

TOTALS
total for day + 657
for the week +1683
for the month +5549
Carry over -1898
Primary trades
BUYS  eur/aud

SELLS usd/jpy aud/chf,

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS aud/jpy

Look for entrances after the gaps on next weeks opening.

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
my equity curve for the last 2 weeks.  That is trading .05 a lot. I have never had a run like this before. I know it wont last forever but keep it coming.

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
bob wouldn't the aud/chf be a sell today?

white and blue are both above the 85 line, it's at the top of the BB, and also in the top third.

maybe a typo.

BTW - congrats on the month. It's also been my best, however I am nowhere near your mark.

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Yes I thought I put it in there. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Hey Bob, go for +6000!!

I just wished I could get that MPTM to work with all my pairs... I am not a programmer but I did notice a line in the code mentionning different digits and multipliers, so I added a line for the 6 digit pairs. I'll try this out, and let you all know if this works.

One question though: If all your trades are managed by MPTM, when you say you won a trade (let's say +100), does this mean you had your stops jumping until you got stopped at +100?

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
No it means I closed the trade for +100 profit. The only thing the MTPM does is bring my SL up to break even +10. That is why I report them separately. So I might have 4 closes on a pair 2 were +10 MPTM L1 maybe small loss and a L2 profit. I just count up the MPTM I dont have time to write about each one. In fact some morinngs I spend 45 minutes trying to prepare my report. I dont know how much longer I can keep doing this. It is time consuming but also very essential that new traders see the real life of trading. The real ups and downs. You need to see the DD and the losing trades and not just talk about the winners. A lot of so called trainers of Forex in real life are really not good live traders. They only talk about after the fact. I think it is better you see I will enter this trade today and you see what it is really like. I do have losing trades and I really do get into trouble. That is the real reality of trading. Not everything goes as planned.

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
I use www.logmein.com to access my machine at home, there is even an iphone version. hope this helps, the other option is to rewrite the ea to do exactly as you would if you were there, maybe try this
http://sufx.core.t3-ism.net/ExpertAdvisorBuilder/

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Ben, Thanks for the logmein tip, I already use this system and it's great.

Concerning the EA, I'll try to figure out how the coding works. I'm really a noob when it comes to MQ4!

I'm sure MPTM can work with 6 digits. I mean it can't be that complicated! Tried to contact Steve Hopwood, but no reply...

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
Hello all,

this is my first post here, been trying to keep up with this thread but it's hugh now. congrat's on your system nanningbob, it looks really original and interesting. It also helps when you have top people posting.

I'm relatively new to forex. And am totally new to the Metatrader4 system (using Alpari uk - demo account). I've never used an EA before until now. If i want an auto sell do i just click 6x6 sell MLx then let it run? or do I have to alter any setting like go into it's properties and switch on "allow live trading"? As I can't seem to get them working.

e.g. GBP/USD 4hr chart. I've opened EA 6x6 Buy MLx but it's not bought when MA's crossing.

Thanks all.

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
MPTM 6 DIGITS SOLUTION:

Ok, finally found out a solution.

Take the "MPTM BREAKEVEN EA", and change breakeven to 200 (instead of 20) and break evn profit to 100 (instead of 10). If you want to use a jump of 30 pips, change it to 300. Also, change manage this pair only to "true" and manage all pairs to "false". Save this new EA to "MPTM BREAKEVEN EA 6 DIGITS"

How to use it? open a trade manually or with 6X6 EA, and drag and drop your 6D MPTM EA to manage your trade.

At last...

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
good job you!

although i have a feeling bob did mention this a few dozen posts ago...

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
A better solution
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=482

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
oh i think i get it now..

do you mean there are now not 2, but 3 different types of brokers?

what i mean is previously, only 4 digit and 5 digit brokers

so now there are 6 digit brokers?? argh..

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
yup and fxpro is one of them!

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
Looks like kiwis are finding support... That'll be good for my DD.

Primary trades I took this morning (still going):

GBP/USD: +67

GBP/AUD: +12

--------------------------------------

Update, TP:

GBP/USD: +115

GBP/AUD: +90

At last some bulls on the old continent!

------------------------------------

Update:

The thread lost a star...

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Kraven,

As you are new to Forex and MT4, I would advise you demo just using manual trades first.  Even if you use NB's system, you can trade it manually.  EA's are fine once you understand what you want them to do, but they can be confusing if you don't know why they are opening trades.  Better that you know why you opened a trade yourself, so that you can study it and learn how to close it out properly.

Also, before anyone else says it, you should head over to babypips.com and take their entire course, you will learn about how much you do and don't know.

One other thing to be aware of, at least it bothers me.... MT4 allows your broker to see EVERYTHING you are doing, including all stop losses and take profits on every trade.  This means they hold all the cards.  There are some EAs, such as the MPTM that is used here, that will manage your trade and hide this info from the broker (at least we hope it does).

Anyway, welcome to the craziness that is Forex.  Best damned market in the world, IMO.

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Bob,

You have been more than helpful in explaining your system and sharing your trade experiences with us.  Don't get burned out with posting on the forum - if you went to a weekly report instead of daily I'm sure most of us could still see what is happening.

Thanks again, when I have a 1000 pip week I'll be pleased, and you are having 1000 pip days lol

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Hi,

I would appreciate some advice here.

So these are my 3 trade levels causing a nearly 400 pip DD (ok they are too close, I won't do that in the future, but it's still a good exercise).

The 3rd level is retracing now, but I don't for how long.

What's the best strategy? Wait for it to hit L2 and closed everything? Or "scalping" some pips on L3 with bounces on the gold line?

I placed a TP for all 3 levels on L2.

What's your point of view? What would you do?

Thanks!

PS: also, to know how much space we've got to leave between 2 levels for each pair, the pip distance between white and gold looks good, and gives a pretty good idea of the volatility... Just an idea...

PS2: 1450 pips in 12 days of trading primary trades!! I'll be really happy when I'll get rid of my DD....

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
First your spacing is good. Your at support that it good. Every NZD currency is at a decision point. I have about the same thing except I am only two levels deep. I didnt get that firstlevel. If price went below that support you would close level 1 and take it as a loss. then find a new 3rd level. L 3 now becomes tricky. If it is making a nice profit I take that profit because price will oftne go back to the support level several times sometimes and I want that  profit every time. This is where I get a lot of my MPTM. So anytime I am sitting on 100 pip profit I take it. The slower currencies 50. Anyway the GBP/NZD has bounced off S line now 4 times. I havent done as well with this one as I have with others but I have gotten 4 MPTM and one profit of 50 playing off that bottom. When price is changing direction it can sit at a bottom or top for several days before really reversing and you can pick up most of your DD there. I did that with the AUD/JPY at the beginning of the month and acutally covered almost all my DD from those bounces. So when  price finally moved down on that pair and I zeroed out the trade I actually turned a profit. So play those bounces off of the S line and see how many times you can pick up some pips. Once you get the hang of it you really relax as a trader. These things happen all the time and you begin to see them coming. You just dont know when and where but they do come.  For me on this trade, I already have broken even and if price now moves up, I will make a profit in this series of trades. I dont look at trading anymore one trade at a time, I now trade the series of trades and try to come out on top.

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
Thanks for your reply and concerns pidgeon. I've been looking into forex for a few months (stocks for many years) and have been to babypips many times. In those forex months i've been manualy trading with a spreadbet demo account.

It's the in's and out's of the MT4 i'm uncertain of, the systems so advanced compare to the other accounts i've used (i have several). I have been trading this system manualy. I just want to get more info from people in the know about EA's and how to switch them on etc.. I've learned a lot today mainly from "the simple 1hr GBPUSD thread".

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
You may need a 5 Digit version for the EA to work. I am sure someone here has one they can post. I just dont have time right now to do it. My wife and I are gone this weekend and I wont be back until Tuesday.  Gotta celebrate and it is a holiday week here in China.

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
quiet day. just a lot of backing up, waiting for the market to reverse which is common on Friday or next Monday, hopefully. OK NZD currency pairs be nice little boys and break that trend line today OK????
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 10 at +10 = +100

eur/usd +50 once I broke into profit I turned off the EA. I have some of my EA set at TP +50 so it was done for the day.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/chf -142 -17 Grab that R line trade now if you see it. enter manually.

aud/nzd, -106 I am using a cross 3 for 2nd L

aud/jpy   -80  L2 0 Grab that R line trade now if you see it. enter manually.

eur/aud  ea not entered yet.

eur/nzd -585 2L -342 3L -65 4L 0 Grab that R line trade now if you see it. enter manually.  If price goes below that S line I close L1 and take a loss.

gbp/usd +27 dang that one ran nice but I was out of that move.

gbp/chf, -211 2L -7

gbp/nzd -89 -43 one thing about taking MPTM is it brings your levels closer together. This took several yesterday. You need to close one if the levels get too close like this, so I want to wait a big for a better close of 1 level if I can get it.

nzd/chf, -249 2nd L -164 3L 0  Grab that R line trade now if you see it. enter manually.

usd/chf -201 2ndL -46

usd/jpy +18 Yes I took that R line trade manually.  go baby go. Plus I will also take the cross trade when it happens.

TOTALS
total for day + 200
for the week +1883
for the month +5749
Carry over -2302
Primary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS eur/cad, eur/gbp

SELLS nzd/usd, nzd/jpy

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
Hi Bob

We do appreciate all your hard work. I was thinking the other day that your reports must be taking a long time to compile. You are spoiling us and maybe making us too lazy. However, knowing your trade positions helps us a lot in understanding and learning the full potential of your system.

One solution is to get a detailed statement report on MT4, copy it and paste it on a excel spread sheet (omitting the balance and any other confidential information). This would not take more than 5 minutes whilst providing all the information.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
The problem is the teaching part and the second is my other trades I take are confusing. I think the problem maybe solved by me setting up a demo account where I only do my system on the demo. I can then report much more quickly. Anyways I will think about it and see what happens.

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
Damn Aussie-Swiss is about to trigger my L3 trade.. come on, come down already!

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Those commodity currencies can drive you nuts. Cad is the worst but Aud and NZD can both do it too. That is why I invented the 2.4.2 recovery system. I had to find a way out of these type of trades.

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
Well thanks for this great "bouncing L3 MTPM" lesson Bob! I'm sure it'll help many people recovering through 2.4.2 system.

For the GBP/NZD, L1 was 6x6 EA, L2 and L3 were manual. If I want to play with the boucing L3 MPTM, how can I make sure it won't close all my trades, but only my L3 level, when it it's the MPTM S/L?

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
Because none have the same magic number. That is why an EA has a magic numer so you can deal with more than one trade at a time. Since manual trades dont have one and EA only entered one L the MPTM will handle them all separately. I went through the MTPM code today and noticed it will set TP for you too. So you can use it for that too. The MPTM doesnt close all levels the EA does. If the EA has put multiple levels with the same magic number and the MPTM closes one, its the EA that closes the rest. The EA only closes the trades it entered with the same magic number. Any trade without that magic number will not be controled by that EA. So you can put manual trades on but without the magic number the EA willnot control them. The MPTM will manage all the trades but only one at a time. If it closes one it is the only trade it closes. If it is one that the EA is controling then the EA will close all the other trades with the same magic number and nothing more. So if MPTM closes a trade that is the only one it touches. The EA only handles trades it enters and attaches its magic number too. Manual trades dont have the magic number so the EA does not handle them. The MPTM will close manual trades, EA trades but on a case by case basis. Hope this clears it all up.

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
I managed to get the EA's working.

I've noticed a few are manualy trading now (not waiting for all three R,W,B, lines crossing below/above 15/85). Are people just getting impatient and jumping in? or is it something i have missed?

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
The Ea enter at a 6x6 cross, no matter where RWB are.

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
GBP/NZD lowest price since 10+ years, no support ahead... maybe psych level @ 2.1?

Damn Kiwi runners I'm in trouble ...

-------------------------

Update : closed L1 opened L4.....

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
I closed two levels of eur/nzd and both of my gbp/nzd. There is nothing to base decisions on as far as S/R lines go. I just ate the losses. So I have not GBP/NZD trades and I am back to two levels on eur/nzd. Seems to be no end in sight for this NZD run. The others are still very managable but those two can go thousand pips. If I dont see some signs on the EUR/NZD turning soon I will take my first dump all trades since December. The only difference is I have already had a record month so I am just reducing my profit. At this point it is not worth risking a months work on two currencies that just wont stop running for some reason. Dont know why everyone is enamored with NZD right now but that seems to be where the money is going for now. There usually is a reversal late in the week but the EUR/NZD has been diving for 3 weeks now. Whatever loss I am taking I seem to be able to make it up later.

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
hi naningbob.i just had to register on fxfactory today for one reason after 2 years of reading through as a guest. that is simply to thank you. i am not here to say too much but with your system acting as the main frame for my own system, i traded (albeit demo trading) in the entire april with just 2 losses!!! the winning trades were countless(60-120 pips per trade) as i have about 6 demo accounts in all. i modified ur system to suit myself bringing in trendlines and one or two other indicators.now, i dont care about fundamentals anymore.i check the charts every 4hours only. thanks alot once more 4 ur system. still cant believe its free.i look at the voting and i cant fanthom why some people are voting it down. they perhaps havent even understood it not to talk of giving it a trial. the problem is one has to be lucky to identify a good system as the systems here are countless and it is impossible to go through them all one by one with ample time.perhaps the best things in life are free afterall.cheers

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
Hi BOB

Taking your advice from the 4H Book I have avoided GBPNZD, GBPCAD and GBPAUD as being extremely volatile. Any particular reason you traded GBBPNZD?

Like many others I have open positions with NZDJPY, NZDCHF and USDNZD. what is your advice? Naturally following your system my NB 4H account is 40% in profit for the month so I can take the loss, however, your thoughts as the creator of this fantastic system would be much appreciated.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
If the trade really, really looks good I will take it but unfortunately we are in one of those commodity currency runs that happen once or twice a year.  No system is perfect, and you cant trade without taking losses. So I have to take a losing trade. The hardest thing I do in trading is take a losing trade. Our human nature just cant accept the fact that we were just wrong on this one or that one, so we hang one thinking it cant just keep going, can it? Well, sometimes they do. You will see in my report I took some hard hits but you know, I and you need to see that it happens to all of us. These three,  NZDJPY, NZDCHF and USDNZD, dont run away like eur/nzd and gbp/nzd, they are not as volatile so we trade them. I will show some pics here.

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
nzd usd swingman's indicator just came on so I feel confident that this run is over, finally. Anyways I am going to play it that way. nzd/jpy, nzd/chf, aud/nzd are all about the same now. Eur/nzd, gbp/nzd also. So it tells me to trade south and I do. I try to stay in the system because most of the time it works. If price goes against me, I close 1L and add one more. I try to minimize my losses as much as possible.

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Thanks very much for your advice. I am still have a long way to adapt to the H4 TF. Needs totally different mind set than the lower TFs such as m15 and m30. Looking at the 3 pairs you just mentioned the charts look almost identical. This is a perfect opportunity for me to test Level 3.

Kind regards,

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
OK Friday was ugly but we had bank so many pips during the month that I just got out of some trades and am done with them. Dang NZD, seems like everyone has fallen in love with you. Went under 5000 pips for the month. Badly managed that Eur/nzd and that cost me my 5000 pip month BUT +4951 in the bank for the month, I am not going to complain.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 20 at +10 = +200

aud/chf -37 +45 +17 also did 3MPTM

aud/jpy -22 +16 3MPTM should have stayed in longer but it was a break even so I took it.

aud/usd +21

eur/aud +31

eur/cad, +40 missed the big move by closing too early but not used to big Friday afternoon moves usually they go nowhere.

eur/gbp +23

eur/usd +40 I forgot to turn my EA from yesterday and all of a sudden there was profit. I never saw it during the day. lucky me.

gbp/jpy +50 +19 4 MPTM picked this one up near the gold line and had fun with it. Forgot to turn off the ea so still in.

nzd/chf +50

usd/jpy +23
CLOSED FOR LOSS

eur/nzd -631 2L -389 3L -73 4L +94

gbp/chf -85 +28 2 MPTM

gbp/nzd -201 -66 I closed one level and played with the other. The NZD was going so bad all across the board I just said to heck with this and took the loss. Sometimes you just cant do them all.
OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd, -223 L2 -119 L3 +1 I manually entered a 2nd L I shouldnt have done that.

gbp/jpy -19

nzd/chf, -236 2nd L -155 3L +10

nzd/jpy  +12 EA did not enter yet but I took a manual trade above the gold line.

nzd/usd, -101 -54 +21 EA would not have entered but I did manually. bad bad even though my positioning is good right now. SM line is on.

usd/chf -148 2ndL did MPTM did not reenter manual trade not EA.

usd/jpy  -4
BUYS

SELLS
TOTALS
total for day - 798
for the week +1085
for the month +4951
Carry over -1015
Primary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
Unless you want to play with the eur/nzd, gbp/nzd and usd/cad I saw no new trades for monday. I think I have enough on my plate for now.

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
The facts don't lie:

2010 trades total pips by month
January 2010 for the month   +1757 pg. 65 #963

February 2010 1595 pips pg. 77 post 1146

March 2010  +2575 pips pg 83 post 1233

April 2010 +4951 My best month ever and two people voted against my system during my best month SHEEESH.
2010 total +10878

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
Thank you for your note. We do  keep an eye on fundamentals but mainly one news story. That is interest rate news. You can throw all indicators out the window if they suddenly change. Whenever the US changes its rates it will be bedlam and I dont think I want to be in the market then.

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
Guys my wife and I are gone for the weekend, holiday here in China, be back Tuesday.

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Hi Bob, how about the AUDCAD, doesn't that qualify? It's looking pretty good on my chart (:

On another note, I wish to echo everyone's sentiment and say that your system absolutely rocks. The pips keep rolling in, just had a bit of trouble with  my massive losing trades on the EURNZD, and more recently I also ate up losses on the GBPNZD. But overall my account has never been closer to breakeven! So once again, thanks so much for sharing your system Bob.

My current trade setup/position for your comments:

Open Trades

GBPCHF: BUY L1 -44 (Attemping to play off S/R lines here..)

Pending Trades:

AUDCAD: 6X6 SELL EA ON (

AUDNZD: 6X6 BUY EA ON (Small lots, not too confident about this one, might even change my mind later)

I can't keep count of the pips I am up since I returned to your system a mere 3 weeks ago! I've recovered all the losses I made using other inferior  systems (or maybe they were less suited to me). Kicking myself a lil for not coming back to your system sooner, then I'd have broken even and even made profits from what I hear were favourable trading conditions in April.

Hope you're having a fantabulous weekend while I'm writing this

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
I am in the AUD/CAD I entered manually off of the R line above the gold, dont know why I didnt list it. I am thinking of adding tertiary trade. Manual trades above gold and off or R line. Could use some type of sell the high system here. I am testing 3 ideas now and will post the one I think is most successful. You maybe surprised by the one I think is best though.

Anyway back to my vacation. I had an all you can eat seafood buffett last night and they had this white and milk chocolate fountains you could dip fruit and chocolate fudge into .................... I know, shut up Bob.

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
Hi Nanningbob!

Thank you greatly for posting all your hard work and congratulations on the great result for April.

I downloaded version 4 today and noticed a problem in the CloseAll script, just because I encountered the same thing today in the EA I am writing. (Which is not ready for the world yet!)

Any of the cases in CloseAll that may skip order(s) i.e. cases 1 to 7, will not work properly if any orders are actually skipped. The reason being that after the skip, OrderSelect(0,SELECT_BY_POS,MODE_TRADES); would keep getting the same order again until cnt equals total and so not close any following orders that might need to be closed.

The way I fixed it in my code was:

change

OrderSelect(0,SELECT_BY_POS,MODE_TRADES);

to

OrderSelect(cnt,SELECT_BY_POS,MODE_TRADES);

i.e. replace 0 by cnt

and add

cnt--;

total--;

into the section of the code which runs when an order is deleted.

--

This is my first post at FF so if I have done something wrong by posting a code fix here then please excuse me. If I come across anything else, should I post here or email you?

Again, many thanks.

David

PS: The Nanning park topiary shown on your site is stunning.

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
Shut up Bob   Argh.. all you can eat seafood buffet... Boy do I love my seafood.. and I LOVE chocolate fondues.. but not the white chocolate one though, I'll pass on that thanks LoL

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
Bob are You absolutely sure that You are in People's Republic of China and not in some sort of rotten capitalist state?  What would say Marx or Engels to this

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
Hi Bob,

Some time I find that the price goes below or above the gold line, how do you deal with this kind of situation, as you have mentioned that one should try to enter when the price is near the gold line area.

Regards

Unimak

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
I dont consider China Communist anymore, more like a one party controlled country. Each generation is trying to make improvements and over time they are getting there. Still too many people though, I miss being able to go somewhere where there is peace and quiet. No people. Even on top of the mountains here there are people. 1.3 Billion unfathomable number.

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
That's what the EAs are for. You turn them on and let them enter. Manual trading I will take that R/S outside the gold line. Seems pretty safe to me but like all Forex trading nothing is 100%. I just think this system will put you in a solid trade more than 70-80% of the time. Manage that other 20-30% well and your a  successful trader. That is how I look at it anyway.

Time for dinner and my last shot at that all you can eat seafood buffet. Man I am going to gain 10 pounds here.

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
I quite like the trades outside the gold lines at s/r - took a couple nice ones on friday, hopefully they will gap in my direction and make for a good start to the week.

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Hi,

as we're talking about entries I'm using 3 different systems. First using 66cross but often enters very late missing a lot a the move. Since a few days now i'v been using pending orders. As soon as i see RWB lines bunch up together i place pending orders either underabove the last candle's lowhigh, or on the gold line, and i'll be moving the orders at each new candle if no trade has started. What do you think about that?

I'm also interested in how you guys enter a s/r lines. Could you post some pics please?

Time to prepare the trading week, I hope the gaps will help me with my dd...

Wishing you all the best of luck for new month of may!

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
ok one more question bob  does this work only in the 4h time period or will it work for 1 h time period as well ??, coz i think u get very less trade in 4h time period on a daily basis, correct me if i am wrong

unimak

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
In my opinion the 4hr trade timeframe is the best. Bob gives quite a good reason for this in his book.

Personally, I don't care about the volume of trades I make, I care more about the win % of the trades I take...and this system (I'm using a combination of 2nd and 3rd systems) takes maybe 1-4 trades per day...depending on how things line up. Sometime I won't make a trade, as i am quite a conservative trader.

What I really like about this system is that I grabs big moves, 100+ pips is easy to take.

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
Primary trades today

sold njpy and acad

njpy 68.39 sold

acad 93.90

hope i am in the right track

Those who are experienced with this system please confirm

unimak

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
Sorry for the complete Noob question, but I've opened almost every zip folder from the paper clip, and I cannot see a "Profiles" folder that Bob refers to in his loading instructions. Any help, please?

Bruce

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
nanningbob, I really like your new version with the lines. You come closer and closer to my BWILC style.

Well anyway a question: You use different volatile pairs. I guess you don't use this 200 pips spacing for the EUR/GBP as well as for the EUR/NZD?

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
LOL there was a time I didnt know that either. You are looking for that in your computer. Go to C: , then program files, then IBFX, then profiles and put the profiles there. This new system I didnt post a profile you must do that yourself. Choose what currencies you want to trade, set up your screens then save your profile.

On MT4 go to file in the upper left hand corner, then profiles, give a name and save it. I also save my setting under default so I save it under two names. SOmetimes when an update comes down it messes up my profiles, so the one I use the most is named and also is set up as my default.

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
AUD/NZD Buy looks pretty good to me right now.

Interest rates are expected to go up in Aus tomorrow, which is usually good news for the Aussie Dollar.

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
I dont think the nzd/jpy trade really qualifies using the system (nzd/usd would have been better), but the aud/cad trade qualifies imo.

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
PRIMARY TRADES

SELL:

audcad     +5

BUY:

audnzd    -14

gbpnzd          -10

SECONDARY/OTHER TRADES

SELL:

eurcad     +50

BUY:

gbpchf +10 (RWB lines close to bottom, pair has been ranging for a while)

gbpjpy +35 (W line close to bottom, expecting reversal)

gbpusd +10 (W line close to bottom, expecting reversal)

usdjpy      +51 (WB lines close to bottom, expecting reversal. Also, this pair has been in uptrend for several days)

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
I am wondering below secondary/other trades are the "secondary" trade defined by Bob.  The secondary trade is referring to Red is not aligned well with BW,  but the trade should be taken from below/above sixth line, right?

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
I'm in this trade too, entered at .9412 (the gold line).  Looks good so far.  Bob missed it cause he's too busy eating seafood to notice.

Regardless of Bob's 2.4.2 system, I'm staying away from all NZD pairs until I see a trendline break.  I don't believe in trying to catch a falling knife, or in this case, a rising star

OTOH, There is so much negative publicity about the Euro, I'm thinking it might be time to buy soon.  Only problem is that long term support is around 1.24, so we might still have a ways to go.  I'll wait for the chart to tell me.

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
My reading of Bob's system is that the secondary trades are more based off of hitting previous support / resistance than they are off the 6x6 lines.  However, I looked at Silverfish's trades on my charts, and they do seem to be in the middle where we usually stay away from.  But since they are labeled "other" he might have additional criteria / plan that he is using.

Any comments fish?

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
Well, well, well. Still deeeeep in DD. My balance is near 3000$ and my DD near 1600$, trading 0,1 lots. I'm in trouble because of 4 NZD pairs. Still no retracements ahead. I used to make 200 pips on average every day before the € crisis. I'm still holding on those 3 level recovery trades (if I close them, I lose 2/3 of my balance!). I'm glad I'm not trading live. If this kind of heavy trends with no retracements occur every month, I will definitly change system. I really don't need a heart-attack.

But I still really want to believe in Bob's system. Maybe I just started in a bad month and shouldn't have traded €nzd and £nzd in the first place, like Bob said!

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
Hi All,

interesting system using great indicators.

I am confused though as I have put in dozen's of systems into my MT4, but for some reason, this thread is in another language to me?

Is there a central (updated) location for indicators, templates, book for explanation etc..??

I have gone through quickly most of the thread and I end up more confused as I peruse...

I have downloaded NB H4, but I saw a Vs. 3?  I am sure it is just my brain cells not firing, but can someone please inform me which is the system to trade, what indicators, and the magical booklet??

Bob, could you update the first thread to include the latest and greatest?  I think that would help new people to this thread.  It looks like a great system, but hard to decide if I can't get the system set up within a reasonable amount of time to evaluate.  Seems like I have everything, but I guess confused now on RSI mentioned in one of the documents, but no script to match?  Settings??

Thanks,

Blue

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Page 1 Post 1 2nd sentence:

I have posted the 4th editon Page. 93 post 1394. 977 people download the 2nd edition. We actally never posted version 3 because version 4 popped up very quickly so we went straigh to that one.

There is a 30 page book explaining the system in detail. Everything else is a discussion of that and variations.

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
roach,

Are you trading a dollar a pip with $3000? I personally wouldn't trade more than 10 cents a pip with that much money.

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
There are some obv primary trades on NZD pairs this morning - however I'm already a little down on the ones i took last night and don't want to get over-exposed to the NZD, it's to volatile for my liking.

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
OK done eating seafood for a while. That was good. NZD is driving everyone crazy but not surprised it will do that at least once or twice a year. Did a study of every trade I did from last AUG. I found out that every single currency has a run like this at some point so you cant avoid the runner. Just some currencies runs are longer or more volatile than others. Eur/nzd had treated me kindly until this run. So we wait until it starts bouncing around again. OK not much happened except more backing up again. Even the MPTM didnt pick up much today.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 4 at +10 = +40

aud/cad +41

gbp/jpy MPTM
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/nzd, -263 L2 -163 L3 -45

nzd/chf, -343 2nd L -264 3L -98 L4 0 (not going to hang on to the L1 much longer.)

nzd/jpy  L1 -74 L2 0 gonna do the gold line R again.

nzd/usd, -134 -87 -20 took 1 mptm on this one.

usd/chf -246 2ndL -28

usd/jpy  -71   -1
BUYS

SELLS
TOTALS
total for day +81
for the week +81
for the month +81
Carry over -1750
Primary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS eur/aud

SELLS aud/jpy, aud/chf

aud/cad (will reenter sell if price breaks above the 6MA)

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
One thing I try to discipline myself to do is to not enter during the day. Once a currency goes in a direction it will often stay in that direction, so 80% of my decisions are made before the JPY session. You will find price at a S/R level here more than any other time. I have found that entering during the day will most likely just get you more backed up. Except for gbp/nzd and eur/nzd the NZD is not a volatile pair and will almost always stay within a 4-600 pip range. I find them safe to trade for most of the year.

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
Bob - i'd be careful on any SELLS on any AUD/XXX pair today - all the talk here of an interest rate rise by the RBA later today, which usually results in a big move by the AUD against other pairs...even when everyone knows its going to happen.

Yeah i think I need to start making my trades before the JPY session - I think I took the AUD/NZD trade before the US session last night. This is definitely one area that I have to be more disciplined.

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
You are trading too large of lots. Even at 3000 pips in the hole my DD seldom goes over 20% of my account.  Lesson #1 in trading, dont overleverage, will get you into trouble no matter what system you use. Lesson #2 When learning a new system never start with the volatile pairs. Lesson #3 Learn to take a loss. If my account gets near the 20% level of my account I am closing L1 trades or adding more funds to my account if I think the trades are still good. IF YOU CANT CLOSE A LOSING TRADE, YOU NEED TO GET OUT OF THE BUSINESS. YOU WILL HAVE LOSING TRADES.  I have a plan and I stick to that plan. Somewhere at - 400 -500 I am taking my L1 loss. I violated it on my last eur/nzd and took a bigger loss than I should have but I still closed it.
You cant be a good trader until you are willing to handle that bad trade and take the loss.
Being 50% down is not the trading systems loss. You violate the rules you gonna get burned in this business.

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
G'day Pidgeon,

You're right, a few of those trades do not qualify as secondary trades, that's why I included 'Other' in the title (:

I just put an order in based on previous S/R levels and also zooming out to the D1 chart to determine if the pair has been in an uptrend for the last few weeks. Higher risk trades for sure, I blame my risk appetite for that..

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
My experience in news trading is if a currency is way overbought/oversold the market is predicting the direction of the news. Buy the rumor, sell the news. The combo of the Euro news and Aud interest rate has driven the NZD to way overbought and I suspect an abandonment at the news story. The AUD pairs are giving a mixed signal so I will go in with lower lot sizes. I go in with 2/3 or 1/2 of my normal lot size and that has served me well. That way if I am surprised I still can trade my way out of trouble. If you are a conservative trader follow Toothman. He is a very solid trader. Me I am riskier, sometimes I think I should let him do all the teaching but then you would never learn the 2.4.2 system.

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Sound advice - as always

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
If this is true then this is crap.

It now looks like almost 30% of the Greek financing will come from the IMF, rather than just a small portion. And since 40% of the IMF is funded by US taxpayers, and that debt will be JUNIOR to current bond holders (if the rumors are true) I can't tell you how outraged that makes me.    What that means is that US (and Canadian and British, etc.) tax payers will be giving money to Greece who will use a lot of it to roll over old bonds, letting European banks  and funds reduce their exposure to Greece while tax-payers all over the world who fund the IMF assume that risk. And does anyone really think that Greece will pay that debt back? IMF debt should be senior and no bank should be allowed to roll over debt and reduce their exposure to Greek debt on the back of foreign tax-payers.

I don't think I signed on for that duty. Why should my tax money go to help European banks? This is just wrong on so many levels and there is nothing seemingly we can do. Oh, well. Thanks for listening.

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Thanks for the eye opening commentary, Bob. Sounds like you have a point, and seems very unfair. I pay my taxes to the Australian government, wonder if they fund the IMF too...

Okay I just had a look on Wikiepedia and they do, but it's only 1.5% of the total sum whereas USA is 17.1% ouch!

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
nanningbob, you write that you use 0.05 lots for a $1,000 account. To me this sounds way too much. That would be 5% for a 100 pips move (5000 units)! Or do you mean 0.005 lots which would be 500 units? That sounds more logical...

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
In American money that is 5 cents not 50 cents. 50 cents would be way too much. So if I get 100 pips I make 5 dollars. 4000 pips about 200 dollars. My goal is to be around 8-12% increase of my account every month. Last month I did better than 20% but that was a very unusual month. I dont expect that to happen often. I take trading as an investment not a get rich or make a living thing. So that is my approach. Obviously 10% return on my investment every month is very much worth my time. As my account gets bigger I will lower my expectations to 5%. This way I dont ever blow an account and I trade very reasonably. It  took me almost 3 years to learn this and it is very hard to get traders to understand and comprehend these numbers. They want to put my EA on the back tester and see if it makes them a million bucks in 6 months. Just not going to happen. Being 50% down should never happen. Lots are way to big or you are way underfunded. Again when I  post my DD at 3000 pips I am still under 20% of my account. I feel if you trade bigger than that you are really asking for trouble. I hope that is understandable.

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
Thanks nanningbob. I do understand. Actually your trading approach is one of the most logical and best here at FF. It's just easy and simple. It will always work. I don't know why anyone would give this pearl a negative rating. Must be from some 5% a day scalpers...

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
Please let me add another question:

You mentioned a spacing of 200 pips for the different entry levels. I imagine that you use different spacing for different pairs? I mean 200 pips for the EUR/GBP might a bit too much where 200 pips for the GBP/NZD is too less...

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
PRIMARY TRADES
CLOSED SELL:

audcad +18
CLOSED BUY:

gbpnzd 0 (Closed at breakeven)

OPEN BUY:

audnzd    -58

SECONDARY/OTHER TRADES

CLOSED SELL:

eurcad +110
CLOSED BUY:

gbpjpy +25 (W line was close to bottom, so expected reversal)

OPEN BUY:

gbpchf -15 (RWB lines were close to bottom & this pair had been ranging for a while)

gbpusd -36 (W line was close to bottom and price in bottom third of chart, so expected reversal) - Ouch looks like i got in too early for this one

usdjpy      +87 (WB lines was close to bottom & this pair had been in uptrend on daily chart, so expected reversal)

audcad -23 (W line was close to bottom & recent trend seemed to be going up, so expected reversal) - Not looking good this one, was probably a mistake to enter
OPEN SELL:

chfjpy +13 (W line was close to the top & price was close to prev R line, expected a reversal)

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
Oh and another question. As your spacing might be variable, do you use the same position size for all pairs or smaller sizes for more volatile pairs?

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
Xaron, I'm pretty sure we are meant to use the height of 1/6th of the chart height as the spacing. That's what I'm using anyway.

If you look at my previous screenshot, it's in the top left corner of the chart called 'Distance between the lines' and is provided by the indicator called 'NB sixths'

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
Ah ok, thanks for that!

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
My spacing rules are non volatile around 150 as close as you can get to a S/R line and 200 on medium to volatile.  Very volatile 350-300. What I have been trying lately is using a MA cross for my 2 and 3L which works well but after a couple of MPTM I now find my spacing not good. So I am thinking my way through that problem right now and seeing how I might change to handle that.

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
The numbers up in the left are more for the 60x90 thread than this one. I am more interested in just the lines here. Gotta go and visit the doctor be back.

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
Ok , I had a feel of the system and these are finer things that like about the system

1. The GOLD Lines

2. The support & resistance lines

These two help in taking a trade with lot of safety , you feel safe when u know that if the trade goes wrong still u have a very good chance of breaking even if you hang around.

Things that I do not like is the RWB indicator which is not so good and also the 6x 6 buy or sell EA, the entries are taken so late by which time it becomes too late lol .

I prefer the 1H time period but to check for the gold line area and confirmation I refer to the 4H period .

I think the trade entry needs to be refined then we will have a system which is more powerful that what it is as of now

Regards

Unimak

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
I use 2/6ths for spacing levels. It matches more closely Bob's spacings.

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
ok I have done one minor modifications, I have dumped the RWB indicator all to gether, instead I have a Simple SO with 14 7 3 settings and have modified the levels from 85,15 to 80, 20 . Now things seems to be ok .

Testing it will revert back . For Trend Analysis AO indicator seems to be better for me rather than the macd

Regards

Unimak

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
Each person brings their own experiences to the table. So things that they are comfortable with you use with the system. I have used the RWB for many years and I can read signals off of it that you probably are not familiar with. Still I use it less now that I have the sixths EA. However, there are conditions I see on it that would stop me from making a trade. Anyway good luck the sixths system is supposed to be basically simple. You will learn later under certain market conditions the 6x6 keeps you out of runners. However, so many trades are above/below the gold lines right now that it is not being used as much but later when prices are ranging tighter you will see it working much better. Right now price is bouncing very well, except for the nzd.

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
Sorry Xaron/Bob,

Xaron, so you might want to follow what Bob's doing instead of my suggestion (:

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
PRIMARY TRADES
CLOSED SELL:

audcad +18
CLOSED BUY:

gbpnzd 0 (Closed at breakeven by MPTM EA)

audnzd    -70 (Ate this loss cos I have no faith in the NZD)

SECONDARY/OTHER TRADES

CLOSED SELL:

eurcad +110 (W line was at the top and RB lines near top, so expected a reversal)
CLOSED BUY:

gbpjpy +25 (W line was close to bottom, so expected reversal)

gbpchf +10 (RWB lines were close to bottom & this pair had been ranging for a while - trade was closed by MPTM EA)

OPEN BUY:

gbpusd L1 -80, L2 -7 (WB lines at bottom and touched bottom sixth of chart, so expected reversal) - Ouch looks like i got in too early for this one!

audcad L1 -29, L2 -3 (W line was close to bottom & recent trend for this pair appeared to be upward, so i expected a reversal to happen soon) - Think I entered this one too soon as well
OPEN SELL:

chfjpy +70 (W line was close to the top & price was close to prev R line, expected a reversal)

gbpjpy -8 (This trade got opened by the EA cos I left it on.. DOH!!)

usdjpy -3 (WB lines at the top and price at top sixth of chart, so expected a reversal)

P.S. Bob you're right, this is hard work

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
FOR ALL THE PEOPLE WHO ARE UNSURE of lot sizing with this system. As a general rule NORMALLY you should use 1/50000 to determine your lot size (e.g. if you have $1000 divide by 50000 you get 0.02 as lot size). This is for lower time frames with Stop loss of around 25 pips.

HOWEVER, and this is very important, with higher Time Frames such as daily and 4 hour this should be 1/500,000 to 1/200,000. For instance BOB is using $1,000 divided by 200,000 = 0.005, which is 5 cents a pip. Unless you are willing and able to top up your account anything more is pointless.

If you read BOB`s instruction book regarding 2-4-2 recovery you can see that you may need around 1200 pips for one trade, now imagine there are 3 trades at the same time. That is 3600 pips down plus you have to have a balance to cover your margin. The maths does not add up. As BOB says this is not a get rich quick but a slow and steady system.

Good LUCK

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
phew managed to get out of the njpy trade , went to -120 pips but held on , had faith in the gold line of bob and it paid , eventually waited and got out with a 20 pip profit.

but at the same time some lessons learnt and tweaked this system to make it more powerful

Thank you BoB for the gold lines

Regards

Unimak

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
P.S. Bob you're right, this is hard work http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/s...im/whew%21.gif

Yeah but not as bad as playing a 5M chart with a 20 pip SL. I love going to the  doctor, dinner, class and come home to close several reversals.  19 MPTMs so far today, so we seem to be back to moving around. Looks likes its the CHF turn to make a run. USD/CHF and NZD/CHF look ugly now. Oh well.

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
Great comment. Never had a formula before but that sounds really good. Thanks. I do have backup funds if I need them so I feel safe at .05

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
You should also keep a running total. That really helps.

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
I go with a more traditional 2-3% risked on each trade.  However I'm not currently using the 2.4.2 reversal system, I'm just using a SL placed above the entry, always above a gold line by about 60-80 pips.  My R/R on these trades has been about 1:4 so far.  I've been stopped out once.  As this system is new for me, I'm being very conservative with my trade selection, only taking those trades that exactly fit all the criteria.

Just an aside - I've been trading live on micro lots for about 18 months now.  I managed to increase my account by 24% and then lose it all back, using trend following systems.  I'm basically at break even now.  This is the first system I've tried that makes both entries and exits very clear.  It also allows you to automate it (using the EAs) or trade it manually.  I'll be trading this for a minimum of 60 days, after which I'll be happy to vote on it.  Its a great system, but in order to take full advantage of the EAs, I think I might have to move to a MT4 broker.    As long as stops / TP can't be seen by the broker (using the MPTM EA) I think this will work.

Bob, Silverfish, Roach - what is your experience with your MT4 broker, if you don't mind me asking?  Do you use more than one?  I only use MT4 for charts.

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
Wow, EUR/USD is at 1.30 now.  Are you trading it Bob?  It looks like 1.24 could definitely be a possibility.  This would match the bottom seen in Nov 2008 and Mar 2009.

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
Just to mention - he's trading a demo account.  So, he's not really risking anything!  That said, its good to form good habits, so your point is still valid, trade as small as the broker will let ya.

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
Ok, I read through the 'right manual' and the system sounds like a good fit for me considering the hours!  I trade futures during 9am to 11am EST, so I want to be available and focused on that as it is my bread and butter.

So if I understand right:

1.  Download the zip file, do the usual indicator ea positioning and chart opening.  Charts open 4H using the blank template.  I am using fxopen ECN and they don't have all the same currencies, but close enough.  In addition, open a chart using the 6X6 BE template set up for EUR/GBP or any other one you are not using to place trades.

2.  Then, go through the blank template and save a copy of each template w/ a separate EA for 1st Entry, 2nd Entry, 3rd Entry and save each separate template.  This is so MPTM (stop ea) can manage them separately.  (Set up EA to accommodate my taste-buds).  Verify MPTM is loaded onto each chart.

3.  When loading EA's, verified live trading and also in options, live trading is enabled.   Face is smiling on top right corner.

3.  Review your charts for a Primary or Secondary entry and when one occurs, I switch my template from 'blank' which has no EA's to the 1st Entry EA of either Buy or short.

4.  If trade goes against you, follow 2.4.2 recovery plan or whatever you feel is appropriate.  Personally I have been a cut the losers approach, but interested in this to see what BE can do for me.

5.  If Trade is for you, MPTM will jump or go to be+10 automatically if you have it open on any chart.

Ok, I did that last night, but I forgot to put the 'allow live trading' global on my MT4 w/ the new demo account and so I believe I missed some beautiful trades/crosses.

Still have it open in some currencies, but nothing yet.  No crosses on 6ma/6ma.

Times to trade are pre-open on asian/eur/us market hours as well as every few hours after just to make sure.

My question is this all?  Am I missing anything big?

So far no EA trades, so I may have a beginner question on the EA as my journal says nada except loaded successfully but it just might not have triggered yet since the nice run.

Thanks!

Oh, and I set it up @ myfxbook.com (it would be great if more people could do that as it is a great way to visually see it!)
http://www.myfxbook.com/members/blue...f-system/29729  (just getting set up now)

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Hi Bob, not sure if you misunderstood me - I meant writing up the summary is hard work. Not trading your system, which is a fantastic one (:

I don't know how you do it.. I'm get confused as I am writing it hehe

I need to check out your format a bit more later, but not now as I gotta go to work soon.

As for running total, you are right, I'll keep that too.

Week ending 16/4  -78 pips (before following your system)

Week ending 23/4   +954 pips

Week ending 30/4  -697 pips (due to massive losses on eurnzd trades)

This week so far    +274 pips

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
The MPTM will only need to be on one chart for it will manage all trades from one chart. I use the eur/chf since I dont trade it. You can change the settings for the MPTM to handle one currency at a time but it is set to handle all trades from only one chart. Forex trading is around 70-80% bouncing between two points which my system is dynamite. 20%-30% taking Break even trades and 5-10% trying to survive the runners.

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
I will normally use the same lot sizes but will reduce sizes for volatile pairs during heavy news times. Like the AUD Interest rate announcement. Ended up a dud but did it anyway. You get on the wrong side of a news announcement and then you have to work your way out of trouble.

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
I only have one broker, Go Markets in Australia.. they're no where near as big as say, IBFX.

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
sorry i didnt notice your post, henry

secondary trades can also be when the RWB lines bunch up and the price is near a previous S/R point..

However, do bear in mind that a lot of my trades aren't even secondary trades by Bob's standards - I am just trading based on my 'gut feel' and often get burned cos i take risky trades that are not qualified by his system..

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
OK NZD stopped on some of its pairs but now the CHF and EUR goes on a run. Oh well lets see if we can BE on these things.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 23 at +10 = +230

aud/jpy, +49 5 MPTM

nzd/jpy  L1 -65 L2+67 5 mptm BE but mptm made a  profit

nzd/usd, -30 +34  4 mptm on this one. If I had stayed in longer would have been a nice profit but was glad to BE on the NZD pairs.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

OPEN TRADES

aud/chf -46

aud/nzd, -313 L2 -213 L3 -95 L4 +5 Manual trade off of S line

eur/aud  -78

nzd/chf, -368 2nd L -289 3L -123 L4 -20

usd/chf -423 2ndL -205  3L turn EA on thank you chf

usd/jpy  -96 3 mptm yesterday

TOTALS
total for day +285
for the week +366
for the month +366
Carry over -2264
Primary trades
BUYS  aud/usd eur/usd (maybe) gbp/usd

SELLS gbp/chf, usd/cad

Secondary trades
BUYS chf/jpy eur/jpy

SELLS eur/cad (maybe later off of S)

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.[/quote][/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
I am guilty of those too but I dont post them because they are not part of the system.

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Thanks for the consolation Bob

My L3 sell trade on GBPUSD got closed out by MPTM for a measly 10 pip profit. So now I've only got 2 levels open. But now that it's gone back down, it does look like it could trigger L3 again (65 pip spacing since I'm using 1/6 of chart).

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
Hi all,

I hope I am not annoying you w/ silly technical questions, but so far I believe that I am suffering from some technical issues on maybe setup.

Any help is greatly appreciated!

And, I promise to be an asset once I get this setup going!

Please see the attached:

#1 MPTM is overwriting my output, and I will also reference the thread for this, but if you know the quick answer it would be appreciated. (STILL NOT WORKING all the time...)

#2 is the iexposure indicator (default) is saying that I have many many more entries and positions than I actually do?  I did do an entry to test it out and the first full lot entry is the only live order I have in my terminal window.  (I FIXED THIS BY ALLOWING DLL IMPORTS, SO NEVERMIND)

I am using FXOPEN Demo account (first time w/ these guys) w/ 5 digit, so if someone could point me to the right direction of a thread that would be great.

I searched, but found nothing on this?  I did update the strategies to the upload from one of the users that added the code for the strategies to work on both 4/5 digit brokers, so maybe that is it?

any help is appreciated!

Aloha!

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
Yes if someone can rewrite the numbers so they go into the middle of the screen that would be good. It was used before we were using the MPTM and never moved teh numbers to the middle.

There are guys using FXOPEN so I am sure they can help.

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
Why do I trade a 4H chart. It is because it tells a story. Here is the story it is telling about the usd/chf. If you notice in the last 8 weeks. The usd/chf goes to its high or low aound wed or thurs and then retraces. It has done this 8 of the last 8 weeks. Now is it guaranteed to do that this week again? No, of course not but that is how I will play it. The odds are in my favor. One nice retrace and I end up with a profitable trade. And we all are happy. If not I have a back up plan. That is how I trade and try to teach. Look at this pic. the dotted lines divide the chart by weeks, the solid lines show the turnaround spot every week. I will play this consistancy. The 4H chart speaks and tells a story, learn to read the story it is telling you.

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
hi I encountered the same when I first loading the "6x6 BE Jump" template.

This what I did:

For MPTM overwriting with NB-iBreakeven issue:

- Right click & select "Indicators List" or Control+I ;

- Double click on NB i-Breakeven and set the "Corner" to "1"

- Press ok and done, the breakeven info will appear in Top Right Hand Corner

Note: Corner 2 = Bottom left

Corner 3 = Bottom right

For NB-iExporure showing "unknown" trades:

- Right click & select "Indicators List" or Control+I;

- Double click on the NB iExposure, don't change anything and click "OK" to close it;

- Done and now it shd show only your trades

Hope it helps

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
I like what im seeing, Bob!

I actually have already turned on the 6x6 Sell EA cos I anticipate it will retrace sometime, hoepfully this week..

I'm still a little frustrated that the GBPUSD is taking so long to reverse tho >:|

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
OPEN SELL

None

OPEN BUY

audcad L1 -20, L2 +4 (This trade is not by Bob's rules)

chfjpy  L1  -6

eurjpy  L1  -1

gbpusd L1 -127, L2 -55

Hey Bob, don't you find it a bit intrusive the way MPTM keeps stopping out the trades prematurely for just 10 pips profit? It's kind of okay when the EA immediately opens a new one to take it's place, but still.. I'm paying spread each time the a new order is opened.. And when do you decide to pull off the EA to prevent further "re-entries"?

(Currently, I'm using a modified EA that only re-enters in the same 4H candle where the 6x6 cross occurred.)

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
Maxximuz,

Thank you!  It worked...    I appreciate that!

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
Hi All,

Sorry to be a pest, but one more issue.  My EA isn't entering me into any trades.

So far I have missed a day's worth of good entries.  I have created the templates and changed them when doing a buy/sell and I have a happy face.  I believe that I should have gotten entered on AUDNZD for a long this morning.

If there are any quick checks to perform that would be great.  Since I am using a 5 digit broker, I changed settings to .01 for lots and added a zero on all stops, tp's etc. on all EA's.  Please advise.

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
If your broker is not a penny broker .01 lots wont work. Change the lots to .10 and see if that  solves the problem.

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Keep an eye on gbpusd eurgbp eurusd usdchf audusd usdcad eurjpy gbpchf eurcad chfjpy and cadchf! They are all in extreme gold territories and have broken previous Rs. Turn your EA's on and wish for a reversal...

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Well that's VERY clear and deserves being on the first post of this thread!!

Thanks a lot!

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
I recommend getting out of every EUR trade as soon as possible and in the best shape possible. It seems to be collapsing all over the board. If this keeps up the EURO may be doomed.

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
This actually seems to be a no-brainer trade.  I decided to sell the EUR/USD and will ride it down to 1.24.  At that point there should be some support, and it will be a good time to get out.  This trade has nothing to do with NB's 4H system, it's just going with the tide that is trashing the Euro.  Greece is rioting, downgrades in debt are expected for Portugal.  Its just too big of a tide to trade against.

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
Bob,

Thanks for the prompt reply!  I truly appreciate your effort in helping others get this up and running.  I made the changes, but nothing yet.

I went through and re-downloaded your system files for V4 and in the setup it states the following:

I didn't see a different folder for different EA's (4 or 5) in the zip file?

I am also now trying this on a 4 digit account with my broker Forex.com as well.

So, without knowing the answer from this post, I will go ahead and do the same configuration with Forex.com assuming there is no different EA file's to incorporate?

I apologize to everyone on the post as I know how annoying these posts are when someone can't get a system going.  haha

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
Hi Bob,

It must have been some of the settings I changed as I set it up in 4 digit forex.com from the templates you gave me and it already entered 3 transactions.

Thanks, will keep you posted!  Aloha!

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
I agree but I also have seen banks and govt. step in and change the rules without warning. But if I was to trade that would be the best trade.

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Hi Bob et al, Per post #358, you mentioned that the multiple attribute only functions within the Level 1, and the L2, L3 feed off of that number?

So, you need not set the lots nor the multiple in the L2,L3 EA's?  Just confirming.

Thank you!

--PS, I got everything working perfectly now....    Hopefully I won't need the L2,3 for a few days.

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
The Euro will rocket soon (let's say in 1-2 months). ECB will hike before the FED and all this huh and hoh about Greece and the other PIGS just hide the fact that the US and UK aren't in any better shape. Well time will tell but I guess the current price levels will be seen as real bargain levels in the future. It's just similar to 2005. Nothing can beat the printing press of the FED, nothing...

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
This is all just psychological. You must buy when there is blood on the streets - even if it's your own...

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
Just ate up huge losses on EURJPY cos of the state of the euro.

But even that pales in comparison with the pretty big DD I have in GBPUSD now... CRAP. serves me right for not sticking to the system

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
Well I did stick to the system, and 6x6EA opened a trade at 1.5157, and the trend continued downwards. Sh.. happens!

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
Big DD on AUD/NZS trade, and slightly down on others...will manage.

slighty down on a cpl others.

World is in a weird place right now, tread carefully.

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
This is not psychological, there are some real serious problems in some European countries. Watch Germany to see if they will support or pull out from the EURO. I see three scenarios: Germany backs the Euro and is willing to support the debt of the troubled countries Germany decides that some countries need to go and the number of countries using the Euro decreases Germany decides it is better off on its own and goes back to its own currency.

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
I am not going to  pull punches here but I am going to try to get out of this market as quickly as possible with the lowest losses I can get. This is turning into a blood bath. During super news stories (countries going bankrupt is a super news story) indicators become worthless. I thought this Greek bailout thing was settled over the weekend but it is unraveling at this point so where the market goes here to me is unpredictable. Can anyone tell me where the H........... the CHF is going and why? I can only assume it must have a lot of bad loans out there that aren't being reported.

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
The UK is in trouble but the USA has assets where the many countries in Europe have little in assets left. They have already borrowed beyond what they are worth. The USA has the four things that will be desperately needed in the future. Food, water, its own energy supplies and is still rich in resources. However, the key is going to be how fast we can get out from an oil based economy. We will need other energy sources to sustain our level of living. The present recovery will get choked every time by the rising price of oil as its demand goes up by expanding and recovering economies. There simply is not enough to go around. This will spike the price of oil and that will stall the economic recovery. Remember price spiked to over 140 a barrel right at the economic collapse. Not many people write about this but it was a  major contributing factor to this recession. First country that gets out of the oil based economic system gets to enjoy a great future. There are just too many underlying fundamental problems for this all to go away quickly.

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
I will do my report when I get back, before the EURO session. I have been up since 530am working on my 3 year contract with my school in China. I put up counter trades on the AUD/NZD, USD/CHF and the NZD/CHF.

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
well bob if you're getting out then ill be looking to do the same for as cheap as possible.

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
Yeah I got trades in CHFJPY now that need the pair to go north :/

It looks more and more like I've giving my earnings back to the Forex monster... gah

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
The best thing to do is hedge NZD and CHF and come back next week. I cant do that. Soooooo .............. close everthing and take about 20% plus hit or ..................

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
all systems going for a toss , markets simply unrelenting

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Hi Bob,

I had 6x6 EA on for eurcad and cadchf, there was a cross but ea didn't enter (the lots were correct and trading was authorized). Does the EA enter just with a cross or does it need other conditions for it to trade? (red line wasn't above or under 85 and 15)?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
Hi BOB

Like you I have open positions USDCHF and NZDCHF deep in DD. I am going to hedge USDCHF at 1.1200 and  NZDCHF at 0.8150. Fortunately forex.com UK does allow hedging. Also I think IBFX does allow daily hedging subject to positions being closed at the end of the day.

On the bright side we have had the SWISS financial figuers out this morning and they are better than expected so there may be some relief there. I just feel sorry for the people who have decided to go with NB 4h System within the last 2 weeks because they can not rely on previous gains to offset the present loss. As you know I started trading your system middle of March and since April was a fantastic month overall I am still up 10%, however, if we did not have had this mess with the European crisis it would have been 45%!

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
That's right astral, those who did not start the system earlier are in a bad way.. myself, pretty bad but not too bad - though I've given back all the profits I made in April :/

I really hate the GBPUSD, it's plummeting and its killing me softly

Damn election.. guess I shudve read news stories?? Read that if labour doesnt win, then the pound will regain strength so for the first time in my life I'm taking a personal interest in UK politics!!!

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
I am not too sure about your analysis. Up to the remake of the Labour party as new labour they were very left wing. Now they are more centre ground. The real lefties now are the Liberal democrats. They advocate an interventionist policy and going after the banks and putting a lot of restrictions on the BANKS and financial institutions.
As you may know UK economy is totally reliant on financial sector and manufacturing is non existent. If the government makes life hard for the banks they would just relocate. They saying in the City of London is "Dubai, Shanghai, Mumbai or GOOD BYE". As much as I hate the greedy money grabbing SOBs they are a necessary Evil I am afraid. As for the conservatives, they advocate very tight monetary controls and taking a lot of money out of the economy which may result in double dip recession. I hate to say this but maybe Labour is the best chance for the economy.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
Dont beat yourself up too much. I have not seen the market move like this since Oct. 2008 and on a smaller scale the last 2 weeks of December. Again the key is to get our or break even with as little damage as possible. You obviously feel better getting out using profits so bye bye April but that is better than the old days when you put money into an account and you started losing right out of the box.

I signed my 3 year contract on the building for my school and that has taken up all my day. So now I have to get back to my mess and see what I can salvage from all these trades.

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
The vote on the bailout is later today and it's expected to pass so things may turn around and retrace.

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
Well, it sucks to be right and greedy at the same time.  I pulled out of my EUR/USD short early, with about 120 pips.  It's gonna go to 1.24, but I got antsy.  Was stopped out of two other NB 4H trades for small losses, so I'm done for the week.  I don't trade on NFP day, and the news today is causing almost as much chaos.  the Yen is tanking as well all of a sudden.  Better to wait for things to calm down on Monday.  Have a good one!

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Hi BOB

Well what can I say!!! What difference a day makes. 24 hours ago I was down almost 5000 pips. 12 hours ago when I wrote the above post i was down 4000 pips. Since then My account is back up again. 15th March I opened this account with $1000, I added another $1000 yesterday to cover any margin issues and now the balance is $2457, with open positions of -$100. Price never hit 1.1200 and 0.8150 so no hedge.

I am still not settled in with H4 TF and not used to it. I think the events of past few days fully vindicates your system. Since the market is very volatile at present (NZDJPY 600 pip movement in 8 hours) I am not opening any more positions till Monday. It would be interesting to see how other systems in FF have coped with the events of this week.

Kind Regards

P.S. JUST HAD A LOOK AT GUPPY! JUST SPEECH LESS!  Hope no one played the system with this pair.

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
I closed yesterday all my trades lost all my April profits and some of Marches. No need to post all that stuff. I am no longer going to trade with a broker that I cant hedge trade. Indicators are useless during super news stories and the NFA morons have made everybody vulnerable to giant market moves without hedging. I dont see a very good future, I see a market that is going to be news driven and I am not a news trader, dont want to be. The 6x6 probably will work in keeping you out of the market if it jumps like crazy but as you can see picking off tops and bottoms like we did in April can get you into trouble during super news stories. I am going to sit on the sidelines for a while because I really dont know how to trade the news and this market is going to be news driven for weeks or even months to come. Unlike Oct. 2008 when the market was  rocked by a couple of news stories, I am afraid big news stories could rock the market several times with European countries possibly gong bankrupt, major changes coming in the Euro (watch Germany and what it decides to do) and recovering economies changing interest rates. I wish you all good luck but I am not going to try to trade this market, way too unpredictable and volatile for me without being able to hedge. I am going to close my IBFX account and move to an account that allows hedging. I never want to go through another session like this again. I could have hedged all my trades two days ago and sat the week out and kept my  profits. I hate the NFA, they are a bunch of goons.

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Hi Bob,

I just got to the thread.  I think your system is great.  You may be right in the 'news trading', but maybe that is an add-on that we can think up.  I understand your recovery plan is great as well, but using PA stops w/ bottoms, tops, would maybe make more sense?  I used your system for last 1.5 days and I am not hit bad at all?

I am curious at what bad trades I missed?  I think I got the pivots?

Your system works, your broker sucks...  But that is an easy fix.  Hang in there, you created a good system for most days.  I tried to 'brake' your system today and it still did quite well.  It kept me out of the bad trades.  Of course I got hit a bit, but days like this will sink most forex trading systems!

Unless you are a hard trending sort...

Days like these build better systems...

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
I hope you do reconsider. You have been an inspiring guiding light to me and a number of other people also. You keep reminding us that forex is hard work and you are quite right to be fuming at having 6 weeks of hard work gone down the drain due to NO FAULT of your own.

3 Months ago I asked IBFX when they are opening their UK office and they said 2 months. They are still waiting for the approval of the FSA and it could be any day now. In the meantime please find out if you can open an account with Gain Capital UK (UK arm of Forex.com), they are very simillar to IBFX in the level and quality of service the good news is that you can open an account with them. I have tested around a dozen brokers and after finding them unsatisfactory I kept only forex.com UK and IBFX.com.

Below is my chat with GainCapital UK (forex.com UK):

James D: Hello and welcome to FOREX.com UK. May I have your User ID (Account Number) or email address to better assist you?

you: HI I have an account with forex.com UK. My email is astral77@yahoo.com

James D: Thank you for your information, how may I assist you?

you: I belong to a chat group at forexfactory.com some of the members are US citizens based in UK, China, etc. They are very upset regarding NFA rules regarding hedging.

you: My questions is because they are resident outside USA can they open an account with forex.com UK to be eligible for FAS rules

James D: Yes we are apposed to the rules as well, and have attempted to lobby against it.

James D: You can open an account under our UK subsidiary.

you: Thanks James so to be completely clear. A US CITIZEN LIVING OUTSIDE USA can open an account with GAINCAPITAL UK.

James D: US Citizens who live in the US, can also open UK based accounts.

you: That is very useful information. Thanks for your help. I will copy and paste our chat in our thread. Thanks and good bye.

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
I didnt ride the trades out like some of you guys did. I also had some trades that are outside of this system that went bad. I have not told anyone here but I also manage an account and two days ago I just hedged all the trades and said I will come back next week and see if I can straighten this out. I am sitting on less than a 1000 pip DD there and I am angry I was not able to do that with my IBFX account. So I am going to see where I want to switch too. I closed my EUR trades a couple of days ago and that was a very good decision. Then I started closing some NZD trades and then some CHF trades and then I said bye bye if this keeps going I will wipe out my account so I closed everything and .................. you got it priced reversed so .......................... then the chf/jpy went suck and ........................ just let me vent for a while.

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
I will respect your wishes and will not post on this subject again. Your anger is understandable, due to the  fact that your losses were not due to a mistake on your part or a flaw in the system, but by restrictive daft rules of NFA. You once told me that a hedge FREEZES TIME and I have liberally quoted you in a few places. You are one of the top GURUS of FF. Your guidance, hard work and trading philosophy is a source of inspiration for me and many others. You have my respect, gratitude and best wishes for the future.

kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
I closed all my positions yesterday evening - and im glad I did.

Lost quite a bit of my gains from the previous few weeks, but closing when I did certainly saved me from losing it all!!!

I'm not quick enough or experienced enough to get into markets when they are like this, as Bob said, the trading now is super volatile and crazy...indicators mean nothing until things start to come around...which could be some time by the looks of it.

This is what happens when you have a Credit Crunch, global financial crisis etc, and NOTHING CHANGES. We have systemic problems that can't just be covered up by bailouts and what not - things are going to get worse if other countries collapse...think of bank exposure to sovereign debt.

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
My opinion is this is just a normal retracement of a market that got a bit ahead of itself.  (talking stocks, futures, etc.. which I believe have an impact on currencies and vice versa)

We just had 6-8 weeks (US) of up/up/up and no matter what up where indicators meant very little as well...

I believe in technical analysis, wave patterns, etc...

Things move in certain ways and if you study technical analysis and movement of PA, then you will find that this on a larger time frame is just probably a 50 retrace or maybe even a 23 the way it was moving up/down!  I haven't spent the time to care.

It is always some 'big reason' why things have changed, and everything has its reasons.  This was scheduled to happen, how big and how long is the only question and before you know it, the market will be raging again full speed ahead with no reason and some other currency will go on a run for no spectacular reason.

From my perspective it is just key to remain balanced, calm with a plan for when it hits the 'fan' that you don't get splattered.

This technique is awesome in my opinion.  You plug this in w/ a trending plan and you have a great system all around.

-EDIT (Oh, forgot, I actually had my manual NB 4H system setup improperly and I would be up about 300.00 more through all of this over the last couple days.  Not a lot, but not bad!)

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
Hi,

I've been watching several threads in forexfactory forums and here's my first and only contribution.

First of all, congratulations for the thread.

Take it from me:

Use only 2x factor and 200 pips target and lag. With this, yesterday, it was like walk in the park.

Example:

I've an mini account of $2000. My first position size is 0,01 lots and additional trades will be entered using 200 pips interval and multiplied by 2. Target is allways 200 pips.

With this setup, you can manage 6 levels without stress.

I wish you all the best.

Kind Regards.

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
Hi Guys,

Question:

When a trade goes bad on say GBPUSD, and it is only 100 pips down, would you then change the template to the 2nd buy/sell, or would you wait till it visually gets to 200 or so and then apply the different template.

Reason is, I went ahead and applied my template when some are down 50 pips for a good night sleep, then it would enter me near there and I now have one bad trade at -150 and one at -50...

Confused.

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
Hello Nanningbob.

I really enjoyed reading your thread during the last days.

Your work and the documentation on the system is great.

But let me ask you one question:

Why would you rather hedge a position instead of just closing an order?

If you hedge on the same pair (which I assume this is what you're talking about) you just open a trade against your initial trade.

As an example: If you first did buy 1 lot and the hedge the position with selling a lot, on the bottom line you do nothing - the same as just closing the positions and wait for a chance to reenter.

Also a disadvantage is the spread you need to pay again and maybe interest rates.

I would like to hear your point. Am I missing something?

Greetings.

MikeFT

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
A hedge is an emergency stop trading. In other words you are caught in a super news story and everything is going against you. You are looking at a large loss and you know it is going to get worse. You have two choices, take a loss that may take you weeks to recover from or you can freeze time where you dont make money and you dont lose money. The news story plays out and then you can go back to regular trading and reduce your debt.

Lets say your DD is at -2000 and a super news story hits that could send you to -5000. Instead of taking a -2000 SL you freeze time with a hedge or you can try to ride out a -5000 DD. With a hedge, two days later you close out your proft trades and subtract the same amount from your DD. then deal with your -2000 DD from a couple of days ago. In other words you only trade the market when it suits you not the other way around. It gets you past the bad trades that are really going bad. You keep the trades that are going good. You caught the wave of the news story and hedge the ones going bad. That is the value of hedging. You trade the market only when it is ranging the way you like.

A managed account I am doing was at -1274 DD on all the trades. I knew news was going to make the market go nuts. So I hedged all the trades. The market could have sent the DD into thousands in the hole but during that whole mess the DD never moved. Now I have -1274 DD which consists of -1704 in losses and +430 in profit. I will look at the trades Monday, the news Monday and see if I want to start trading again or sit on these hedges. I can now wait this entire news story thing out. The guys here know I can handle a -1274 DD pretty easy. I had one inverstor write me and tell me, hey you avoided the blood bath. I know one guy who tried to trade these moves and lost over a 1000 dollars in less than an hour. He was trading fifty cent lots. That is the value of hedging, you make everything equal, walk away and while everyone else is having a heart attack, my blood pressue didnt rise 1 point. I will read the news over the weekend, wait for the monday gaps and then decide whether the market has settled enough for me to trade. If it isnt and the market is going to go nuts again next week. I will sit on my hedges while everyone else is pulling their hair out. At some point the market will return to normal. I will take a couple of trades above below the gold lines and my DD will be gone.  That my friend is the value of hedging.

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
You want to try to keep your spacing between 150-200. That may not be always possible but you want to wait on that 2nd template to when you are far enough in the hole to justify it. Again when you are having super news stories like now indicators are worthless, the market is moving too fast for them to tell you it story.

Look at the pic below, the gbp/usd moved around a 1000 pips last week. No indicator told you it was going to do that, no indicator can tell you how far down or how far up it is going to go now. We are way out of normal range. The Brits are having an election in which no one is winning, the pound is in deep DooDoo with debt. You dont know if some bank or company will all of a sudden buy a bunch or GBP to give the currency support or sell off and send it another 1000 pips down. I have closed my trades with IBFX and hedged the other account. I will wait until all the excitement is done before I start trading again. See pic below, I aint trading this kind of stuff guys and gals. This is why I trade the 4H chart, it is telling me something is going wrong right now.

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
Meanwhile, U.S. investors remained rattled after a session in which the Dow lost almost 1,000 points before rebounding two-thirds of the way back.

"Investors are very confused about how the market could drop hundreds of points in minutes, and until there are concrete answers, they aren't going to feel better," said Andrew Neale, head of wealth management at Fogel Neale Partners.

"The market erased two months of gains in a few days, and it's nerve wracking," he said.

We werent the only ones that suffered the last couple of days. The difference with Forex is we can hedge our trades and sit.

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
Interesting point. Thanks for the explanation.

I'm glad I don't need to worry about your FAA rules there in the US.

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
Even if the indicators say so dont do sells against the USD

NEW YORK, May 7 (Reuters) - Currency speculators increased

bets in favor of the U.S. dollar to the highest since the

launch of the euro in 1999, a currency strategist said on

Friday, citing data from the Commodity Futures Trading

Commission.   The value of the dollar's net long position totaled about

$23.3 billion in the week ended May 4, compared with a net long

of $16.24 billion the previous week, according to CFTC and

Reuters data.

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
I guess the key is in determining when to close the hedged trade. If you don't close it in the area near the turnaround, you get a dangler trade that you're possibly stuck with for awhile, right?

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Hi Bob,

I had always learned as a trader, lose your trade and be done with it.

You have explained hedging well in the sense as if you have no idea on the mid term where things are headed then in the short term you need to protect yourself.  Once you have a clear direction, then you are already in and can just ride your winner and cut your loser instead of trying to get back in and 'time' it.

Makes sense and good point.

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Good way of explaining. I call it a breather, maybe I will write later what to do afterwards. That probably would help some traders with the concept.

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
OK here are my figures for the last week. It was not pretty so here we go. If I had played the 6x6 cross I would not have been in many of these trades but I was taking entrances off of S/R lines which is ok except in super news stories. So I lost almost all my April profit. I will not be trading Monday and I make no recommendations. I will start Tuesday if I see some stability and the Greek loan thing is going OK. If you trade the EURO or GBP I would only do sells if you have a good reason too. Buys are way to risky in this market.

The following currencies seem to be the least affected by the news:

aud/cad, aud/chf, eur/aud, eur/cad, eur/gbp, nzd/usd usd/jpy

I do not recommend trading any euro or gbp because of news and elections. ENGLAND's elections are up for grabs and uncertain so the GBP could do anything unexpected and the euro is well down the tubes for now.

So look only at these for now:

aud/cad, aud/chf, nzd/usd usd/jpy

Funny how in OCT. 2008 the worse the news was the more the USD appreciated and May 2010 the worse the news for the EURO the more it depreciates. Love them fundamentals and their consistency.

My goal is to get back what I have lost and it will probably take 2 months. If I could have hedged all this I would have been frozen in at around a -3000 DD and that would have been recoverable. I will be leaving IBFX but I am not sure where yet. I never want to be caught with my pants down again where my only option is taking a big loss. I believe I could have fought my way out of this at a future date if I could have hedged this mess at some point.
TAKE PROFITS
MPTM 21 at +10 = +210

aud/chf +50 This one I could have made hundreds of pips on but I was bailing out of the market.

gbp/chf +286 12 MPtM

usd/jpy  +52 4 mptm Another one I could have made a killing. I  just dont play for 500 pip moves, dont even look for them. DANG.
CLOSED FOR LOSS

aud/nzd, -493 L2 -393 L3 -275 L4 -175

aud/usd -245

chf/jpy -338  -232  +70      6 MPTM

eur/cad never took

eur/jpy -184

eur/usd -275  -137

gbp/usd -486  -250

nzd/chf, -322 2nd L -243 3L -77 L4 +22 +50 11MPTM

usd/cad -216

usd/chf -504 2ndL -286  3L -131

OPEN TRADES

TOTALS
total for day -4522
for the week -4156
for the month -4156
Carry over 0
Primary trades
BUYS

SELLS

Secondary trades
BUYS

SELLS

OK my top 11 pairs and alternates:
This gives me 2 of each: aud, cad, chf, gbp, nzd,
4 of each eur, usd, jpy
aud/cad - aud/nzd this matc hes minor or commodity currencies together. As I have stated before minor currencies can get squashed by the larger currencies.
chf/jpy - eur/jpy - eur/usd - eur/cad - eur/nzd
gbp/jpy - gbp/usd - usd/chf - usd/jpy
Alternatives: the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, are all similiar so choose one. The Aud/jpy is not as volatile as the gbp/jpy if you want less movement but still like some volatility but it will do long trends more. The most important thing is you dont want to be heavily investment into any one currency. If the EUR/NZD is too volatile for your tastes you can replace it with nzd/chf or nzd/jpy. I just happen to like the eur/nzd pair and the way it flies around the chart.

Most volatile pairs: eur/nzd and gbp/jpy can be replaced with aud/jpy nzd/jpy nzd/chf for less volatility. __________________
I no longer trade usd/sgd. It is going to 25:1 leverage, simply not worth using up that much margin for a slow mover like that.

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
Hey Bob,

Look at the bright side!  I don't recall your carry over for certain (-2264?), but technically, you are only at current (-4522) - carryover (-2264) from previous week considering a mark-market review = 2,258 pips down!

So, considering you are only down really 2K +- or so right?

Not bad!

Easy to make up by end of the month!

---Just a side note, I am amazed at how well your system did when sticking to the traditional rules!  I used a little bit of discretionary trading, but very little and the EA and standard system did quite well!!!  See my signature!  EA alone came back like 5K on FRIDAY!!!!  I didn't touch a thing!!!!!  (PS, my account says 10K total, but trading as 60K account (lot size impact) as that is my normal account, so I messed up when creating my demo account, but still in the game on both!)

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
Hello  Bob

I would say to you and all friends  of the forum that you can work without problems of hedge-(you can place buy and sell positions at the same  time)

I think you  know one of the largest brokers in the world with offices in New York. It's called FXCM.  (www.fxcm.com)

Recently opened  offices in Italy - I opened an account with them and work without  problems of hedge. Italian law allows it. The name is FXCM Italy (www.fxcm.it) and the telephone is 0039 0331  541 985 - You can call and ask for Mr Justin Paolini, who speaks fluent  English and can help you to open the account. Indeed FXCM Italy allows U.S. citizens to open an account here  and to work quietly, without problems of hedge. You  can safely use the platform MetaTrader4 as I do.

I would like to ask you a question:

may  activate an alert when the price touches the line gold?

thanks

Romano

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
One point of concern for me - the EU printed one trillion dollars - yet the eur/usd traded higher yesterday, only to fall again and close the gap.

I'm staying out of this one!

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
Only look for sells on the Euro for now. COT is all sell on that one with a record number of traders going short on the EURO.

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
I disagree. Every deep dip below 1.30 is now a clear buy for me. This is some kind of QE but no one can beat the printing press of the FED in the long run.

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
That's ok to disagree and dont mind it. It keeps me on my toes, however, the USA is coming out, hopefully, of the recession (watch out for oil prices rising though) and the Euro is now beginning to face the underlying problems we faced two years ago. Greece is only the beginning not the end and in private correspondence with friends we have talked about when the EURO was going to get hit. There is too much underlying debt in too  many countries for the Euro to get out of this that easily. You, I believe, are from Germany and you are not the problem country so things make look better to you than they really are. Anyway, I am not buying the Euro right now.

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
I don't believe that the US will come out of the recession that fast. I doubt they will hike this year, ECB will hike before. I still stick to that.  The problems in the US haven't gone, we will see more QE there. Anyway this fundamental stuff is rather difficult so I think you have a very nice gem here with your system. Actually I use it as a base for my trading now. It's a nice addition to my BWILC style.

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
I agree 100% with you, trying to trade fundamentals leads to no agreement. So I never really like discussing them much except I really watch the interest rate ones and the occasional super story. The rest become meaningless in my system. Far easier, but right now I am very cautious because I believe the market is being news driven.

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
OK guys I am going to be quiet trading wise this week. I am changing my broker to FX Sol UK. I had an account with them in the USA 4 years ago but I never closed it. All I had to do was transfer the account and the big thing with me is they will cut me checks instead of international wires. It wont cost me to collect my money. As you know most companies charge for the wire and then your bank charges you for the incoming wire. Too expensive. now i dont have that cost. I will let you know how it all works out but I figure it will take me a couple of days to get my funds from IBFX and then send them to FxSOL UK. See waht happens.

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
OK now here is my recommendations for trading pairs for now. If you look in the top left corner of the sixths EA, it will give you the distance from top to bottom. You can check to see which pairs are going wild and which ones are still tradeable. From this info I would choose the following to trade this week.

I choose these because you could stay within range reentering every 200 pips.

Under 800

usd/jpy, eur/aud, aud/usd,

under 600

nzd/usd, nzd/chf, eur/gbp, aud/chf, aud/cad

just over 800

aud/nzd, eur/cad, nzd/jpy, usd/chf

The under 800 would give you

aud, 4

cad 1

chf 2

euro 2

jpy, 1

gbp 1

nzd 2

usd 3

That would give you 8 pairs. I think that is too heavy with AUD so I would dump the aud/eur (dont trust the euro right now and would add the usd/chf or eur/cad. Until the market settles that would give you 8 safe pairs to trade in these crazy markets. Anyways that should do it.

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
Hi Bob

Let us know how good they are. By the way I would like to remind everyone that a large number of brokers have rebate programs through introducing brokers, whereby you can get some money back on th trades you place. for fxsol.co.uk I googled and this site came out (http://www.cashbackforexusa.com/vw/t...K-Rebates.aspx). for Fxdd, forex.com fxcm, there are a large number of introducing brokers as well.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
Why not just do ECN, then you don't pay extra... ?

ATC Brokers or FXOPEN seem to be the best in my opinion and they are much more efficient and interests are aligned with YOU!

http://www.fxintel.com/live/  -  shows spread comaprisons

I have had a lot of problems with dealing desks.  I have personally put through thousands of orders and get lots of 'requotes' and other types of errors.  ECN's you will too, but not because they are competing against you!

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
ECN brokers still use MT4 and can do all the same shenanigins as any other MT4 broker. Nice advertising gimmick though. The back room, front room, no room doesnt change the software that is used to run the programs. Those can be set into the programming but still be announced that there is no dealing desk. Since you never get to see the prgramming you dont know what they are really doing. I noticed the difference in spreads between IBFX and FX Sol but there is also a price difference in what they are quoting as the now price. You can  show that there is a lower spread price but all they have to do is adjust the quoted price to make up the difference. You are going to pay the spread no matter what broker you have. Again it is all an advertising gimmick. You do your buy/sell and price moves a couple of pips and then you get the trade or they have a buffer between what they quote you and the real price but you dont know what that is. That can all be put into the programming software and you think you are getting a better deal.

Why do you think everytime you enter a trade the first thing that happens is price sits for a bit during a strong move or it backs up against you a couple of pips right away. Once you make your trade they then can put your trade to the actual price and let it run only takes a split second. Used to wonder why every trade always went against me the first couple of seconds or for some reason my trade would pause before moving with a strong trend. It is all in the programming.

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
I agree with you. ECN is biggest con there is. you are better off with dealing desk.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Is there a way in Mt4 to get the 4 hours candles begin at the US close? My broker is alpari UK and the first candle starts at 1am GMT and i'd like the candle to begin at US close, that's 2 hours from my broker 00h. Is there a way to place an offset?

1

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
Has Europe's crisis killed the thread?

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
The thread is very much alive, however, during such turbulant times trading this system is very risky. Bob advised everyone to hold their trades till the market has settled down, this may take a week a month or longer.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
Well this is quite dissapointing not to be able to trade this system during crisis. Maybe I'll trying using a different SL strategy, I mean not using 242 recovery system. I'll place S/L next to the daily SR and let MPTM save a few pips in case of retrace. I'll probably get less pips in a month but I'll be able to trade in any market conditions, and not have humongous losses that wipes whole monthly gains. Looking back at the charts, when conditions meet, price rarely hits previous SR after a 6x6 cross. And in case it does, well I'll just try to BE this loss with the next cross!

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
Not trading is trading. Sitting out of a news dominated market is a good strategy. We adjust to the market as it dictates and what it is dictating right is to sit and then go beserk at every news story. My system is not a news trading system. Now that the elections in England are done and the Greek thing finally settles, the markets will go back to a more normal moves. Actually after a wild market it usually just ranges for a while so trading should be good. I am hoping that the EURO GBP and CHF have all found their bottoms and tops and will begin ranging again. We will see next week.

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
There are TWO groups of people trading Forex. First group`s goal is to make money and avoid losses regardless of how many or few trades they engage in during x period of time. The second group`s goal is to be trading constantly and hoping to make money. It is for each individual to decide to which group they belong to.

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
nanningbob, greetings!

I'm newbie on this forum and use TS similar to yours.

Please tell what SL and TP do you use in your experts?

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
Hi Canis,

Please download V4 in the attachements. You'll  find all your answers

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
Page 1 post 1 2nd sentence, you can read the book that goes with the system.

A note from a fellow trader p. 83 #1242: After a very very long time reading different threads and trying a number of different systems (Paid and unpaid), at long last I am making some profit by following the threads of two people in FF. One being your good self and other is Steve Hopwoods. It is interesting to note that both of you are Educators by profession.
I have posted the 4th editon Page. 93 post 1394. 977 people download the 2nd edition. We actally never posted version 3 because version 4 popped up very quickly so we went straigh to that one.

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Thank you, I've read the manual. My english is not very good so I understand one thing - you do not use TP and close positions manually. But what about SL?

1)What is the primary stop?

2) "you are in profit" - how much?

I found in code: "extern int    StopLoss = 1000;  // StopLoss" - is it correct?

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
Bob,

do you know whether anyone uses this system to trade for living, or anyone you know trade for living regardless system being used. For trading for living, what is the capital required. This sound stupid question but it could help for those who do not have such friend around.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
Yes that is the stop loss setting. I use the MPTM to bring it up once the trade gets going. My  profit is pips times whatever lots I am trading. I measure profit not in dollars but percentage of account. This helps those who trade small amounts. With 100:1 leverage you need to trade 1000 dollars to trade .03-.05 lots. that is 3 pennies to 5 pennies a lot. I average 10-20% a month. So far I have had 2 losing months since aug. 2009 December and probably this month. I am in the process of changing brokers and hope to have my new accont funded by the middle of the week. I am testing all my EAs on the new broker demo now to make sure everything is OK before I finish funding the account.

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
I dont know if anyone is making a living trading. Trading is more of investment to me. If you try to make a living you get into a concept of I have to make xx dollars a week or month and you put this artificial  pressure on your self to always increase your account. That is simply not reasonable. No system wins every month but you want a system that is consistent over a period of time. Second if your not making your amount you want to make everyweek you have a tendency not to close a losing trade scenario. During this news market I stop trading because I want to keep my investment. I dont need to keep trying to trade to make an income. So  my attitude is different. I dont need to trade this month if I dont like the market moves I can sit out and wait for the market to be more favorable. If you want an income you are desperately looking for something that will make money so you can keep trading. That is the  difference. If you are looking for a steady income I dont think trading Forex is a good ticket. If you are looking for investment returns and are patient to wait out the bad times Forex can bring you better returns than other investments. To me that is the difference and how I think. During a years time the market will range 70-75% of the time, perfect for my trading systems. 20% of the time it is trending and I try to survive those runs, which I usually do. Then there are times 5-10% when the market is driven  by news, like now, and my system is not good during those times, in fact no system is. If you dont know how to trade the news you will get killed during these periods. I admit I am not a good news trader so I have found out the hard way to just sit and wait these periods out.  If you trade for investment taking a month or a couple of weeks off, like I did last December is not a problem. If you want a steady income you feel this false pressure to trade and get killed during these times. Unless you are a good news trader you are looking for trouble to trade during these weeks dominated by Euro bad news. So to me the  best way to trade right now is to sit on your hands or hedge your trades until the market settles back down again.

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
In my opinion to trade for an income you would need 50-100K otherwise you are overmargining or overtrading and risking higher lots than you should to make an income.

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
Bob,

Do you still have those positions ( the ones you're trading for someone else) hedged. If so, at some point, won't you have to give up on them and take the loss if things continue to run? I'm really pulling for you to get out of those trades successfully. Can you share your strategy with us. thanks

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
I am trying to unhedge them now. Using a sell on the chf/usd and buy on gbp/usd. Because the one side of the hedge has made a profit I can now come back the other way and try to reduce the debt to the profit made or get as close as I can. If it works as planned my loss will be much less than just taking a loss. Basically you hedge until you get a MA cross on a 1H or 4H chart to go back the other way. When the cross happens it is just like normal trading using my system. I add a level and away we go.

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
I agree. I think if you want to make a living from trading you should have at least enough money to survive 1-2 years without any trading.

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Hi

Bluemele sent me a PM asking how I was getting along with this system. I have attached my results for the last 2 months. As you can see I am very much in profit (this is a live account), although have some DD dating back to 29th April. I am using Bob`s Version 4 with defaults plus the mptm.

The events of first week of May resulted in less profit and hope we do not see that sort of thing again for some time to come. I had to deposit another $1K to ensure that my margins were safe. I have complete faith in BOB and his system and the events of couple of weeks ago totally vindicated the system. It may be an idea to get a revised list of recommended pairs to trade since some pairs are correlated and if the currency is going against the trade it would multiply the losses.

I hope this has helped.

Kind Regards
P.s. I am not placing any more trades till Bob thinks it is safe to do so, maybe by the end of the week.

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Ok, can someone help me out with what I am doing wrong?

I would be profitable, but due to these 'mistakes' I keep losing money (minor amounts) using the EA's....

Ok, I am applying the EA as usual through the template file.

I have updated all the EA's through save--> Compile

Basically, I started demo w/ .07 lots estimating a 50K account.  Now, I have 600.00 and live w/ .01 lots for testing.  However, it keeps reverting back to .07 lots!

It has done this now 3 times and I don't know what is going on!

I just close them when I see .07 and don't wait for profit.  I would be very profitable and I would like this to stop happening.

On the attached image, you can see how it was opening .01, then it changed all the sudden to .07 and I was busy trading futures!!!  Strangeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee..................

Again, I have recompiled all the EA's for .01 and the templates are pulling those directly.

Thanks...

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
Thanks for sharing.  Great job!

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
[quote=bluemele;3730510]Ok, can someone help me out with what I am doing wrong?

I would be profitable, but due to these 'mistakes' I keep losing money (minor amounts) using the EA's....

[quote]

I do not know what is going on there. However, I do not bother with compling and just change the lot setting in the normal way as with any other EA. My suggestion is delete the EA files both mq4 and ex4 and reload the EA without compiling and change the lot setting in the EA`s properties menu. Bob should be up and about soon he may have better suggestion.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
Set your lots to 0.01 and then save this as a new template. Do this for buy and sell. Then this should be ok.

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
I actually did all that, a couple of times...  Now I think I have done it about 12 times to be certain... haha

Thanks!  I usually let it pull directly from the EA once I save it and have 'global' settings I guess instead of changing them per screen because as I take them off, I forget to put them on.  etc...

If you look at my ticket sheet, it opened up several .01 orders, and then all the sudden started opening up .07 orders after I had been away from the computer for a couple hours.

I guess that is why you never are away while the EA plays...

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
Dear Bob

If anyone had any doubts about your trading system / philosophy the events of the last two weeks should have settled their doubts once and for all. The system was put to the test and it passed with flying colours. Movements of 300, 400 or even 600 pips were in abundance. Many of us were facing large DDs and were quite anxious. Some people cut their losses, some stuck to the system religiously and rode the storm, and some people did half and half. Needless to say the second group were the winners. I belong to the last group and with hindsight wished that I had kept my nerves.

The lesson I learned from the whole saga was to realize the weak link in my trading is not the system, indicators, brokers, etc. The problem lies with discipline and psychology of trading and controlling my emotions. All of these with a $1k account and $250 DD. I dread to think of what would have been my trading behaviour if it was a $10 account and DD of $2.5K or even worse $100K account with $25K DD. I do not think my case is unique in FF. Reading people’s writings here in FF I gather most people are very much like me (i.e. mid income, full time job, Mortgage, pension, investments, family commitments, etc), trading small amounts we can lose and hoping to master forex with a view of investing more substantial sums when we are confident of success.

Whilst we are concentrating on technical aspects we are neglecting the most important aspects of trading psychology. The title of this post is "Top 4 things successful traders do" which is an article in investopedia and can be found here ( http://www.investopedia.com/articles...tner=fxweekly5). Please read it and follow the links also. I found it quite helpful, hope you do to.

Bob as our guru and an experienced trader your guidance is very much valued. I would be grateful if you could give us your input. Another topic which we need your help is the use of hedge in situations we experienced couple of weeks ago. I would be grateful if when the opportunity arises you show us an example of how this recovery is done. My apologies for such a long and boring post.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
Good article, solid read. It is organized and spelled out some solid thoughts.

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
I think I know what is going on here. When you change the lots you must go into the code and make the changes. Then compile the change. Then drag the new saved EA on the screen and save the template. Then set up all the currencies you want to do and save the profile. I have found out the hard way that MT4 goes to the last saved screen if something goes wrong or even when you just close it out and reverts back to the .07 lots size. If you dont change the template the template has the old saved version at .07 and that needs to change too. Then if your MT4 crashes or your computer crashes MT4 will go back to your last saved default. I got hit with some losses last year when I had to restart my computer and the EA started trading from some older version I used to use. So if you ever change your EA change your template and if you make major revisions safe your profile and resave the default. I once had an update crash my MT4 and it reverted to the default profile and I had a whole different EA system there. Screwed everything up. So now what ever I am trading I am trading off of the default profile setting and I have not had any problems like this since.

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
I am going to have to come up with some unhedging rules. I tried to unhedge the trades Friday and ended up making the problem worse. I finally just closed and took my losses. Clearly you cannot unhedge until the market turns back to normal and proves it has. I thought I had the gbp/usd and usd/chf topped and bottomed out and it ran Friday night and Sunday night. This caused me to just close out and take the loss rather than risk wiping out an account. Of course then the market reversed but I couldnt risk it at that point. So you have to wait for the cross to enter the countertrade and close out the profitable hedge. So I definitley have one rule. You have to wait until the full news run is over. Trying to unhedge before that can lead to disaster. I wish now I had sat on the hedge for another week or two. Bad decision on my part and took some losses I really didnt need to take if I was willing to wait another week or so. I am still not sure if the gbp and chf are done with their runs yet. I will be very happy when this Euro thing is done but it may last all summer and into the fall. If it continues I am going to go to a very small set of currencies that arent strongly affected by Euro news and stay with them for the summer.

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
Here is the dilemma I see. We have a good system that works over a long period of time. It has one weaikness the super news story. Now in Oct. 2008 we had two big news stories and then the markets went back to sorta normal. The two stories was the trillion dollar bailout and the interest rate change which was a biggie. Ok you could see them coming.

This is different.  Greece is going bankrupt. Bailout, no bailout, bailout, some countries threaten to pull out of the Euro, some other countries may face bankruptcy, maybe they need a bailout too, one country wants to do this, another that, .................... and so on. The problem I am seeing is a big super story can come from several different directions at any given time. One thing I read on the news which I did not know until days later but affected the markets greatly when it happened was this. The minister from France at the meeting threatened to pull out of the Euro if all the countries did not get on board of this package. Well, of course that would send the market into a tizzy. The problem is I didnt get to read about that until several days later and then I am already in the hole. That leads me to the next problem, it can happen again at any time in this atmosphere or it may not happen at all. I want you guys to know at this time I dont know if trading is really a good idea other than using MA crosses and going with the flow and forget all the rest of the other indicators. There are just some news stories we are not going to get until its too late. This is not like OCT. 2008 where you knew a big story was coming, it may hit without warning. Dang I loved April and hate May.

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
Thank God we do not have those sort of stories every month, otherwise we all be in trouble. Lets not forget that it was not just this system that was in trouble, every system was. I think the only way we can deal with it is to have some sort of money management rules in place to limit losses during such times. That way we can limit the damage and recover within a given time period (one or two months for instance).

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Very interesting!!!!  Thanks Bob, I was thinking I had ghosts in my basement!

Thank you for the explanation.  It cost me about 120.00 thus far on a 600.00 account!    So, I guess live and learn.  Glad it wasn't on the bigger accounts!

Mind if I ask what broker you decided upon?  I am looking for a good Micro broker as mine only does .10 cent lots and I would would like to be cheaper as I test more systems.

Thanks again!

EDIT: FYI, I got about 3 data disconnections for my stopping jumps and several other error messages this morning from MTPM.  Funny how the 'criminals' try to keep you from making money.  Mystically, all my demo accounts and data feeds for 12 other services were unchanged.  Well, it could be that one server right..

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
I am going to do FXSol out of the UK. they are a dime broker minumum but give you 400:1 leverage which would be about the same as .03 at 100:1 as far as margin goes. So I will see how it goes. I am waiting for my check from IBFX to get in plus this gives me an excuse to stay out of this volatile market for now. Things are starting to look normal again but .............

I have been having problems with my MPTM also but I am going to assume it is because I had to change it from 4 digit to 5 digit and that is the problem. I have changed some settings so will see what happens.

I also chose them because they will issue checks and you wont have to pay for bank wires. To me that is a big savings.

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
May I ask why you choose FxSol? I mean Alpari UK should be the better choice in terms of trading costs (better spreads and much better rollover swaps). Both allow hedging, Alpari gives you a leverage of up to 500:1.

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
Missed that one. Ok that's a reason.

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
Well Bob, I for one did not have large drawdowns, nor did I have large gains the last few weeks.  I use the indicators for the v4 system, and even the signal indicator.  All good.  But then, I don't enter a trade until the MA cross confirms that direction has changed.  I'm trading manually, but using your system in this manner, I don't have to use the 2.4.2 retracement system, and I don't have to go several hundred pips in the hole.  I use a stop at the point where the arrow for the signal indicator is drawn.  Right now, there was a signal last night on the Pound, but the MA cross didn't happen until today (EDIT - looks like the cross may not actually have happened, so I'll wait.)  The system is still valid, but I could never stomach the idea of going 200-400 pips in the hole and then trying to get it all back somehow.  Just my trading style I guess.

I was right about the Euro going to 1.24... that's just the last support area from 2008.  But now, 1.1825 appears to be the next stop.  It may even go down to par, and then we can all look forward to trading the Mark and the Franc again!  We'll see...

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Good points, Even though I am trading live I really push every possible signal. I got into trouble because I was also doing S/R lines above and below the Gold lines. This worked great in April but did not work during supernews runs. Anyway should be back on board soon live.

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
Bob,

What pairs do you think wouldn't be affected by the Euro story?

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
SMART!

I was doing that, then I went live and I started just getting in no matter what in the 6th's area's...    I have a large drawdown now because of it.  STUPID.  I guess I should follow the rules.  Another reason to start small!

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Go to the 6ths indicator and in the upper corner it gives you the distance from top to bottom of the screen. Using the 4H chart those that are under 800 or better yet those under 600 were the least affected. Those over 800 were. Many currencies are 1000-1400 so that is the best read. I would feel very comfortable trading those under 800 because I know my 2.4.2 system would work if they did make a run and if new news came out I would safely assume they would not be affected again. With 6 or 7 currencies like that I could double my lot size and still make about the same I was doing earlier. Anyway that is my plan. I hope to be live trading again Monday.

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
I posted this on the other thread about a week ago.

OK now here is my recommendations for trading pairs for now. If you look in the top left corner of the sixths EA, it will give you the distance from top to bottom. You can check to see which pairs are going wild and which ones are still tradeable. From this info I would choose the following to trade this week.

I choose these because you could stay within range reentering every 200 pips.

Under 800

usd/jpy, eur/aud, aud/usd,

under 600

nzd/usd, nzd/chf, eur/gbp, aud/chf, aud/cad

just over 800

aud/nzd, eur/cad, nzd/jpy, usd/chf

The under 800 would give you

aud, 4

cad 1

chf 2

euro 2

jpy, 1

gbp 1

nzd 2

usd 3

That would give you 8 pairs. I think that is too heavy with AUD so I would dump the aud/eur (dont trust the euro right now and would add the usd/chf or eur/cad. Until the market settles that would give you 8 safe pairs to trade in these crazy markets. Anyways that should do it.

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
Thanks for the guidance. It would be interesting to see if EURUSD does the 1000 pip or not.

I think we would all benefit learning your hedge recovery system. I would be most grateful if and when such situation arises you could be kind enough to work it through here in FF so we can all learn.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
I am still learning it to a point. If you are going to  hedge getting out is a very patient game as I am finding out. You have to wait until the currency develops a new range of a high and low so you know when to try. I tried getting out too early and it cost me. If I had waited another 10 days I would be sitting much better.

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
I think I understand what you mean, (i.e. once a range has been established wait for swings and close parts or whole of shorts and longs). Am I right?

On a different topic I have spoken to IBFX and they say opening of the UK branch can be any day, they are just waiting for the final approval from the FSA.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
Yeah well I have been hearing that story for 6 months now.

Once you see the new highs and lows you can enter a countertrade and start reducing your debt or you can just trade until your new profits equals out the old debt and close.

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
Good idea on the last Paragraph.

I ended up on the wrong side of the AUD this week.  Great lesson in Hedge as I did it a little too late in my opinion.  I guess you just never know when.

Now, I am just taking retraces and dips to pay for it over the next few weeks it looks like.  I didn't realize that when you hedge, they cancel out your margin deduction for those trades and credit you back.  Tricky thing is though, what happens when you let go or they accidentally hit your stops (be watchful)...

This was a great lesson all for the drawdown of 300.00!  Wow...

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
hi nanning,

just a quick question on your 6by6

i've manage to load everything properly and i have read the instruction given in yr document...

there is one thing that im not quite sure of, or somehow i didnt read the document properly..

if the white/blue/red is  below 15 , and the price is below the bottom gold/yellow line on the 6by6, which EA should i run/enable ?

cause there are 6 sets of EA buyML/buy2ndL/buy3rdL and their opposite sell,

if im not mistaken, for the scenario above i should load the "buy3rdL" ea ?

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
Buy on the bottom and sell on the top. If price goes against you around 200 pips you can set up a second position by using the 2ndL and countertrade the first Level. You can also use a third level 200 pips later again. I used to automatically reenter at -200 but now I reenter at a retracement around -200. ML is  main level, 2ndL is second level, 3rdL is 3rd level. I do not recommend going more than 3 levels on a trade because then you are getting into martingaling and you can wipe out your account at some point. 3 levels deep is all I ever go. See info on the 2.4.2 recovery.

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
okie now i understand, cause i used to follow yr first system back in the 6090,180200 days, and those were like "counter-trade", do yr "countertrade" refer to same thing, if the price keeps going down, i go long ? ,

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
hi bob, i'm really new here.. tried following your thread but i can't find the strategy you're using.. the indicators, when to long or short and when to exit... saw your first post but i'm lost... alittle confusing... please help if you don't mind.. i only see the pictures but still alittle lost....

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
did you read the documentation(NANNINGBOB 4H TRADING SYSTEM 4th EDITION April 2010.doc) ?

its quite complete except for some part which i clarified above

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
I dont know what to say, Version 4 comes with a complete manual so I dont know why you cant understand the basics. Please read the manual and then ask your questions. That way I know where to start. I am going to start up my live trading again Tuesday if I see prices have behaved themselves Monday. I dont know if I want to continue the daily reports like I did, now that I am not doing them I realize how much of my time they ate up every day. Read Page 1 post 1 2nd sentence it will tell you where to go look for the manual.

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
HI BOB

Your manual is one of the most comprehensive and clear one I have ever seen in Forex. So if someone can not understand it maybe forex is not for them. No wonder people like Steve Hopwood loses his temper and bars people who ask silly questions. If someone can not be bothered to read the basics and wants everything handed to them on a plate then they have no chance in this game!

A large number of us know how well your system is thought out and works so we do not need convincing as to  its profitability. It would be nice to have your daily updates and selections and I do not think it would take more than few minutes. But to have running totals and pips tally is the time consuming process.

Kind Regards

P.S. By the way I would like to know your opinion of the Donchian indicator in general (as introduced by zurathushtra in the other thread)

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
I have not had the time to really analyze it but it makes sense. You have a better look at the past with it. My youngest daughter graduates from HS in two weeks so things are getting hectic around my house. I will sit down tonight and start up the daily notices. The one thing it does for me is disciplines my trading. I dont want to go online and tell people I really made that stupid trade so it forces me to be a little more careful. It also helps the new one see the system in action day by day and that is how they learn to trade. Too much trading emphasis is I got in this trade made 50 pips and got out. They need to see that sometimes a trade can take a couple of days and sometimes getting out of trouble can take weeks.

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
Hi!

Where do I find this?  NANNINGBOB 4H TRADING SYSTEM 4th EDITION April 2010.doc

I have to say I have made more pips on the 60x90 system then I ever have been near to make on any system. But I have only used it for 2-3 weeks, so even though I started in the middle of a euro-storm, it is great. But to early to say how it will work over time.

Still; I want to take a closer look at H4,

Randi

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
I found it  :-)  http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1394

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
Nice work RandiF ...

There is so much info both here in Naningbob's thread and in all of the ForexFactory. Most of the time a little personal searching will lead you to the answer you seek AND a couple of extra value points along the way.

Hope you enjoy the journey.

Pip Parade

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
Well I guess you're having the same problems as me...

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
Hi Bob,

I noticed that when a trade turns bad, it's often due to the 6x6 entering too late, when momentum is already at the end. What I mean is that the EA often enters on a wick and then, mptm doesn't have enough space (about 25pips) to secure our trade.

So I wanted to suggest a modification on the EA: after a 6x6 cross, wait until the NEXT bar opens, and enter a trade only if the 6 ma's are STILL crossed.

What do you think? Is that possible?

I'm sure this would save us a lot of false signals and make more pips per trade!

Thanks.

and may the seafood platter give you luck!

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
It does not matter which MA cross you use or open or close candles etc. You will always have some trades that back up on you after you enter. Now if you ever discover a way not to have a trade back up on you in trading, you will be a millionaire by the end of they year.

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
Hi Bob,

Of course there will always be some price retracement when the trade is entered! I've been trading your system for 3 months now and have noticed that the EA sometimes enters on a wick, buying/selling a very high/low followed by a big retracement. This can sometimes even be a false signal. I just very often noticed that if the EA enters at a new candle open, the entry will very often be at a better price and provide more pips and space to breath for mptm.

Do you know how to change this in your EA?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
OK I am back again. I think the market has settle some so I will start trading. Here we go.  I will reformat my reporting to save time.

Turn on the EA for:

Buy: all the auds are buys, chf/jpy,   all three of the nzd,

Sell: usd/cad, usd/jpy

The gbp are giving mixed signals of both buys and sells so I wouldnt trade them. Have no idea what that thing is doing. good luck.

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
pics of aud cad, aud jpy these are secondary trades.

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
usd cad and usd chf are divergance trades.

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
Change the code to:

If the 1 Open is greater than the MA 6 Buy. That will give you the trade you are looking for. You will find out that on a big candle move over the MA lines when it opens the next candle you will be into the trade very late and in the middle of the screen. I dont like trading in the middle of the screen.

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
Nice to have you back trading. Still very unsettled as you know, hope we get some resemblance of normalcy.

kind regards

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
All my trades were profitable yesterday and I set them all at +50 and closed out. 4 aud, 1 chf,3 nzd and 2 usd +500 pips.

I am taking all the same trades again today. They all uncrossed so I put the 6x6 back on them again. Happy trading.

TOTALS
total for day +500
for the week +500
for the month -3656
Carry over 0

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
I am going to experiment with a 1x6 cross that enters once, takes 50 pips and quits. Let you know how it goes. My studies show that I will get 50 pips almost every time with a 1x6 cross and then not reenter. However, you will miss some big moves doing that. I would be willing to sacrifice that if I get a consistant 50 on most trades.   My MPTM will be set at 20 pips take +10. If it takes a +10 it may reenter because it will be close to the conditions of the way I have the EA enter.

It also took me less than 10M to make my report today so that is more acceptable. So I will experiment with my new reporting system.

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
Thanks BOB, this format of reporting is just fine, we know what trades you are taking. I am staying out of new trades for the time being, due to uncertain conditions plus the fact that I was a bit cocky two weeks ago and entered some bad trades. At present I am trying to rectify the situation.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
[quote=nanningbob;3756509]  My MPTM will be set at 20 pips take +10. If it takes a +10 it may reenter because it will be close to the conditions of the way I have the EA enter.[quote]

Hi Bob,

a few days ago, when you changed broker, you said you were having problems with mptm due to 6digits/5decimal pairs. Have you found a solution so that MPTM manages all pairs?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
Hi Bob,

Would you post the these transactioins (time, sell/buy, open price, close price) for me to understand the system better? It seems to me that these transactions are not strictly following 4H system.

Thank you in advance!

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
Due to time restrictions BOB is unable to post detailed reports as requested. Please see the images posted by BOB in order to grasp what he is doing. You are quite right that these trades are not strictly within the rules and they are classified and SECONDARY. As you can see the trades taken are either due to DIVERGANCE and or OVERBOUGHT / OVERSOLD according to the Sixth Indicators. I hope this helps. Bob will correct me if I am mistaken.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
First Bob thanks for putting your system up, and spending the time to answer questions.

I have been trying to use the system for 3 weeks now, I have read through every post. And all of your directions many times.

With that said I have some questions.

I'm running the IFBX demo account as you suggested, MT4 is a 5 digit system(I'm thinking this is part of my problem). They are not offering a 4 diigit MT4.

I cant get the 6x6 buy or short ML to trigger a trade, I drag the EA onto the chart turn on live trading set to a long or short only depending on which way I'm trading not even an alert will come up.

I'm using the Blank template you have in the files. I have even tried dragging the ML over and making long and short templates.

I'm sure its something I'm doing wrong. I haven't been able to figure out what it is. LOL

Any and all help is appreciated.

Thanks

Moon

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
For me it was lot size....  I had the same issue.  Look at your lot size to see if that is the problem.  Also, verify the basics, like EA MASTER and individual settings are on!    That makes a difference too!!

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
aud/jpy and aud/usd +50 each

aud/chf and aud/cad +10 MPTM

chf/jpy +10

all 3 nzd were +10 nzd/chf twice

both usd were +50

Total +220

TOTALS
total for day +220
for the week +720
for the month -3436
Carry over 0

Sells gbp/chf is the only trade I saw. Possible eur/gbp too but I am not taking that one. So one trade on the board for today. Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
IBFX is offering 4D demo. When you do your sign up there will be a choice box in the second step where you can choose 4D or 5D demo server.

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
Here is the only trade I see for today. I call it a weak secondary trade. It was a primary trade 3 weeks ago #1 check and now it is at the same location. At the out side line of the sixths Black and blue above the 85. That is the closest thing to a trade I see.

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
Hi BOB

It is quite nice to see the pips are slowly but surely are coming back. Thank GOD for that, some sanity at last.

I was reading your manual for this system as well as the 60X90 thread for the fourth or fifth time. I do not trade GBPCHF since it is in your very volatile list. When you have TIME would you be kind enough to post a list of recommended pairs. For instance you have USDCAD in some trades, but you told us quite rightly that this pair can run and run without a retrace. I think it would be very useful for everyone if you gave us your updated opinion regarding pairs to trade.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
CAD/CHF is also looking good!

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
Even though the euro currencies are tredning and going all over the place, when matched against each other they seem to be moving normal so this pair seems to be retracing nicely after any moves. So I will play it now. Otherwise I dont see much right now. If there were a lot of trades I probably wouldnt try. So far it has not crossed today.

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
GBP/CHF +50 and I quit for the week  Will take it. My second bad month since Aug. June will definitely be better.

TOTALS
total for day +50
for the week +770
for the month -3386
Carry over 0

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
Hi Bob

Lets face it even if it takes 3 to 4 months to recover, and the account was not blown the system has passed with flying colours. I think this month was the ultimate test, we  survived therefore, hence the system is fool proof.

I want to avoid Volatile pairs as well as the ones which have a tendency to trend without retrace (e.g. USDCAD). At present I am trading the following pairs:

AUDCAD, AUDNZD, AUDUSD, AUDJPY, EURCAD, EURCHF, EURGBP, EURUSD, EURJPY, GBPUSD, GBPJPY, NZDJPY, NZDUSD, NZDCHF, CHFJPY, USDJPY, USDCHF.

I would be most grateful if you could give me your opinion regarding the above (any additions or removals).

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
Hi Astral!

I'm a bit suprised here with EURCHF... Don't you trade GBPCHF instead?

Cheers,

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
I agree...  I think it was quite an interesting month.  Not too many are this interesting!

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
recently EURCHF has been more volatile than GBPCHF. But bob has this as slow pair. That is why I am asking for some guidance from him. Things have changed somewhat since the printing of the manual.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
The distance from top to bottom Eur/Chf is 640 gbp/chf 760. Usually gbp/chf is twice what eur/chf is normally but gbp/chf is much more volatile than the eur/chf. The eur/chf will usually have one or two big spikes a week and then do nothing the rest of the week.

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
Thanks very much, that is what I thought. We can take the distance from ttop to bottom to gauge the present level of volatility.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
Picks for monday. Not much out there but your best chances will be the GBP/CHF, USD/CHF and CAD/CHF after the gaps. If they dont set up nice I dont see anything for Monday.

TOTALS
total for day +50
for the week +770
for the month -3386
Carry over 0

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
Example of gbp/chf. If price gaps up Monday and the 6x6 cross uncrosses then the gbp/chf will become a secondary trade again. You can turn on the EA and let it enter if price drops. If price does not drop then the EA will not enter. If price gaps down then it is a no trade. If price gaps up then you probably wait until midway through the jpy session to turn the EA on. See pick below.

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
I am not expecting to take two or three months, the summer time is usually a great time for prices to range so many times I have my best months then.

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
2010 trades total pips by month
January 2010 for the month   +1757 pg. 65 #963

February 2010 1595 pips pg. 77 post 1146

March 2010  +2575 pips pg 83 post 1233

April 2010 +4951 p. 100 #1491 My best month ever and two people voted against my system during my best month SHEEESH.

May 2010 -3386 Got caught with our pants down on the Euro news stories but we have righted the ship and coming back.
2010 total +7482

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
Sorry about this Bob, but where do I download your system, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
Hi Mor,

This is a little different than some threads.  Bob documents everything in the first thread and it is up to day at the very top.  I believe he puts the post and page# and then you find the post, download the attachment and go from there.

It is at V4, so download that, read the manual and you are on your way.

Another shortcut is that this is a semi-manual-auto type process.

You will only 'start' your EA's, when you visually see the conditions in which you would like to invest.  This enables entries to be a bit more painless or emotional.

Exits are handled automatically or by you.    Good process.

I got caught up in the 2nd wave of news.  It was bad...  But, I had confidence in the system (which I didn't follow to the T and if I would have would not have had the issues I did..)

This all happened in the 2nd day of live trading the system w/ only 1K or so.  But, I am almost out of it and just 'righting the ship' as Bob put it.  it was a great learning experience and that is what I wanted.

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
Page 1 post 1 2nd line gives where to find the newest version.

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
Thanks Bob

I will start tomorrow, not very computer savvy, hopefully I will be able to download ok, fantastic this FF, the best I have come across, very new to this forex, it's great people like you that keep us newbies afloat.

Really truly thanks.

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
Thanks and so appreciated, I am trying various methods and strategies here on FF.  Great site.

No surprise that james16 evolved from here.

My computer skills are very basic unfortunately, but I will give it a go, failing that there is a computer help establishment round the corner, it is soooooo frustrating.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
OK new month.
Buys

eur/cad (almost there)

eur/gbp
Sells
gbp/chf (see post below)

TOTALS
total for day 0
for the week 0
for the month 0
Carry over 00

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
Here I want to document the importance of the secondary trade. This is the third time I am taking the gbp/chf as a secondary trade. Getting 50 pips every time. Number1 is the primary trade 2-5 are the secondary trades. It doesnt mean  price wont go up but we are at a strong R line here and if price goes up the 6x6 should keep you out of the trade. If price goes south again, you are in. Good luck. Actually #3 is not a trade, my fault for posting that.

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
Here is a non trade eur usd. Even though we are below the lowest line on the sixths indicator the  RWB sto/MACD lines dont confer. I know the white line is black in this illustration so maybe I should call it the RBB line

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
Here is a Eur/Cad almost qualify. Watch this one during the day, it may qualify by the eur or usd session.

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
I took my hit on a bad trade I did.  The key is to stick to primary trades in the beginning till you get more comfortable with the system.  I got caught by the market decline (several secondary trades) where the commodity driven countries get killed as well so I had like way too may AUD pairs....

I would stick with the main pairs, do primary trades, learn it for a while, then venture out a bit.  What Bob is doing is more advanced and takes a bit of training.

If you are not comfortable with trading yet or MT4, than be especially careful and just do demo for quite a while.    This is a good system, but requires you to stick with it and it does have Martingale a bit so it can give you a little bit of emotion when you go multiple levels, but if you stick to Bob's Money Management, then you will be OK, barring a catastrophe..

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
Mmmmm.. I'm wondering given my level if you will, if Bob's other system for the 5min t/f would be best for me at this stage, what do you think.

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
Sorry, meant to say 60/90.

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
MOR,

They are pretty much the same in a way.

I am doing both, the EA system (4 HOUR) and the Manual.  (live on both...)

In my opinion, I would master or at least learn the Manual system before doing any EA.  That way you UNDERSTAND what is going on and how deep of doodoo you are in and what can happen next if you let the 'drain my bank account EA' continue.

However, it can also be the 'make my account bigger EA' if you are lucky so it depends on the day.

I think the key thing to understand that in my opinion there are three very profitable and popular strategies in forex:

Trend direction systems, you can find them as usually in the first post it says, "Trend is your friend"...  They probably made a lot of money in MAY!

Ranging systems - THIS ONE....  You do good on ranging, but could get hurt when the market trends hard.  However, it does't do that as often as some would like or not like.  Example is I am working on an EA for 5M and in markets like this you make a killing....  However, in a trending market it blows up again and again...  I am up 2K on a 2K account in about 3 days trading (demo, ECN).

Breakout systems - london breakout, or anything w/ breakout...

I think they are all good and in my opinion it might not be a bad idea to do all 3.  That is where I am headed.

With Bob's system w/ 200 pip entry differences and such, it keeps you out of most of the bad stuff unless the move is ultra-big... like May...  Or October of last year or December...  Bob is smart and experienced with this management style, so do what he says and I believe you will make money.

In other words, I would stick to this if you like the 4H trading and can trade longer term.

Aloha!

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
Oh, and all your questions for setting it up will be answered if you go back and read all the posts... It is worth doing as you will see how Bob and others evolved and others have dropped out or given poor ratings.

I believe then you will find out that this is a good system.

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
Hi BOB

I just finished breaking even on one of my accounts which has 6 pairs open with drawdown of almost 3000 pips. It took just over two weeks and your idea of hedge worked like a dream. I was down $600 when I hedged the losing trades, when these trades were in profit by just over $600 I cashed them (now the running trades are -$1200. I waited for my -ve trades to retrace and then closed them today when the account just broke even. I suppose I could have hanged on for profit but I chickened out.

Now, I know  how upset you get when people vote against your system without bothering to even test it or even read the thread properly. For me and few people who send me pm, this system has proved itself without a shadow of doubt.

Keep up the good work.

Yours faithfully

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
I am up +10 for the month
RESULTS

eur/cad I didnt turn on the EA and missed the trade

eur/gbp did not enter
gbp/chf +10
Sells
gbp/chf PR, gbp/nzd PR (if you want a wild ride this currency will do it, not for beginners though)
Buys

aud/cad 2nd, eur/gbp PR,
TOTALS
total for day10
for the week 10
for the month 10
Carry over 00

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Thanks for the compliment.

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
Bob et al,

Can someone point me to the setting in MPTM that won't close out all the trades if one closes out?

For example, I want to enter manually (which I did) on EURGBP.  I also have 6x6 running as I expect a retrace or a couple and I will be asleep for a couple hours with it on tonight.

IF, the 6x6 enters and hits TP/SL by MPTM, then it will close out my manual trade right?  I may be confusing this w/ the EA version, but I am pretty sure that is why I shut off MPTM.

Is there a setting to take off as I have combed through it and I don't find anything?

HELP...

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
Change manage all trades from true to false and then change to what you want it to do like manage magic number ...... or manage this pair only .......... etc. You should find these in the choice boxes if you dont know how to change the  code.

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
Hey Bob,

I guess if I change 'manage this pair only' or the other settings, no matter what it will still manage all the trades from one pair as a 'basket' correct?

Thanks or the response, but I have a feeling that one you go manual on a currency, you stay manual and don't also turn on the 1/6 or 6/6 EA?

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
It is just stating the facts. I am just beginning to understand what you had written in the manual regarding your blood pressure being under control by having a back up plan and knowing that what has gone down would go back up. Furthermore, having adapted the mentality to the 4h TF it is almost impossible to adjust to other TFs. Moreover, Plenty of time and practice is needed to adjust to this mentality. Just imagine you have been conditioned for long time to limit your SL to 20, 30 or maximum 50 pips and then you start a system whereby you have 2 levels with -ve 200 and 400 pips and then you open further position expecting that to go down further 100 or so pips?

Like most members of FF I have been going through other threads, Steve Hopwood is on turbo drive creating EAs for variety of systems. THV thread, James16 and JACKO`s systems are quite good as well. But this system is perfect for us amateur traders (people who do not have the resources, knowledge or the experience to do this full time and at the same time working for a living) who can not sit front of  a PC for hours. To all of those people who vote against the system or are not sure of the merits of NB 4H, I say stick on a demo for 6 months or better still open a penny account and trade 1 cent a pip for 6 months only and see where you are at the end of the 6 months.

Going forward I look forward to your new idea of 1x6 entry instead of 6x6. On the EA front I do think that the EA should be refined more, for instance we could have a NEWS indicator added so it does not trade just before, during or after a news event. Another area where the EA needs development is the entry point.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
You can set it to manage a magic number. So if an EA has a magic number of 5 then you set the MPTM to manage magic number 5, it is only suppose to manage those trades with the magic number of 5. This allows other EAs with different magic numbers and manual trades not to be touched. The code is set up that way but I have never tried using those features.

I have manual traded along with EA trade but my manual trades usually get into more trouble than my EA trades. I also use different types of EA. Sometimes I feel price will reverse and when it does it will go strong so I will use a 1x3. Volatile currencies I am testing a 1x10 and so far it seems to do better than a 6x6. The 1x6 is having the same problems I had with the 3x3 and that peeker trades creep in. A peeker trade enters and then price reverses on you. It just qualifies and then continues its trend. The 6x6 has fewer of those but the 1x10 looks good in testing on volatile currencies.

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
Every new type of entry point has a difficulty somewhere. Wish there was a perfect entrance but I find it makes no difference. Just try to find the one that does best and countertrade the rest. Having a limited entrance area has prevented some DD so working on that now.

No such thing as a news indicator. Best is not to trade, you cant program intelligence like, dont trade when there is news or dont trade if the next news story is going to be big. The best way to trade news is to trade only one direction. If the news goes south do only a sell. If the news goes north dont enter. Why I use a MA cross, I take a guess and if price goes against me I am not in. If it does I am in. Only way I know how to handle the news.

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
I have some work to do this morning so posting results now. I will post my trades later for the day. I may rethink my 50 TP losing out on some pips with that. I may post a version 4B. The EA enters once or twice and quits. May widen the TP to 100 on volatile pairs.
RESULTS
gbp/chf PR, +10 and +50

gbp/nzd PR  +50

eur/gbp PR, +10
Sells

Buys

STILL IN

aud/cad 2nd, -47
TOTALS
total for day 120
for the week 130
for the month 130
Carry over -47

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
Cool, I didn't think about Magic Number.  You are right.  If I do manual, then this will leave those alone.

Funny you mention about the 'getting into trouble'.    I have been doing manual w/ this system and it definitely cost me a little.  Fun to learn the system though.

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
Hi BOB

Thanks for your reply. I have news for you, there is a news indicator developed in Steve Hopwood`s thread (Scooby Doo BOJ JPY pairs trading robot) the name of the indicator is ffcal.mq4 and its refinement ffcal scoobs.mq4. Basically it works by looking at FF news and filtering according to user setting of currency pairs and High, Medium and low impact news items. Steve uses this in q number of his robots. Although it is not perfect by all means it does prevent EAs from entering within a user defined parameter of x hours before and after the news.

I have no programing knowledge but knowing how much Steve respects you I am sure he can shed more light on its use if you sent him a pm.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
Same thing as turning the EA on and off. You just enter the time. Regular news stories do not affect my system. It is the super news stories that happen and you dont know about them until after the fact. The last news story was all over the news but the key part was not known until several days after. IE France threatened to move out of the Euro if the rescue package was not accepted. This was not reported until several days later. This caused the market to shift significantly along with people's opinion about the package. No EA is going to help you at that time, you are already in or out of that story. When I mean a super news story I mean something like the Euro collapsing or countries pulling out. That is not part of the normal news cycle. Normal news cycle stories do not affect my 4H system. They are just part of it.

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
I may rethink my 50 TP losing out on some pips with that. I may post a version 4B. The EA enters once or twice and quits. May widen the TP to 100 on volatile pairs. See note below on jpy pairs.
RESULTS
gbp/chf PR, +10 and +50

gbp/nzd PR  +50

eur/gbp PR, +10
Sells
cad/chf PR

gbp/chf 2nd (look for the secondary trade if it goes up again. Love this pair right now)

Buys

eur/cad PR

eur/gbp PR
STILL IN

aud/cad 2nd, -47
TOTALS
total for day 120
for the week 130
for the month 130
Carry over -47

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
I am also taking gbp/jpy, usd/jpy, eur/jpy as sells. Even though they are more in the middle of the screen the jpy is weak right now and this would be a sell the rally in a DT. The RWB line up over 85 and the news is not good for the jpy so I will do sells on all three. I seldom make exceptions for my rules but the big drop in early May is skewing my charts some. If not for the high price 4 weeks ago price would be around the top line. This is trading fundamentals and I will sometimes do this but not often. So I am going to use my EA to trade JPY weakness. All 3 pics look about the same.

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
hi nanning,seem yr quite right on those lines,

just want to clarify yr statement, when you say news is not good for jpy, in a sense it also refers that it is weakening ? and yr so a "short" based on the lines, kinda conflicting.. pardon my "blurriness"....

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
That was my fault. Jpy weakness should be sell jpy buy eur/jpy, gbp/jpy, buy usd/jpy. My fault said it wrong. I took the trades off.

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
Thank you for the clarification. You are quite correct to say regular news does not affect the system. I just thought avoiding trading at peak news times would ensure a better entry price. I suppose it can go either way.

I found this post very useful there is a modified RSI divergance indicator which seems to be very accurate. http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...stcount=175863

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
IAMTHAT likes RSI divergance. I like MACD or STO BLU but I usually trade before price gets to that point. Divergance doesnt happen that much on a 4H chart but when it does it is a good sign. I will take a look at it.

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
The scorecard is 79 for 70 against. You know what is funny about that stupid thing. When I was winning every month there were more negative votes and when I had a losing month there were more positive votes. Go figure that one out. LOL

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
I was not able to connect to FF from home this morning so I will have to report my results later. My trades for today are

sell usd/jpy

buy eur/cad

I am in cad/chf

all other trades were closed for profit which I think there were three, I will tell more later. Time for me to teach.

Not much out there NFP tonight. Dont expect much to happen today.

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
Not much happening and not much out there I liked. Some maybes. If they dont go anywhere by the USA open I will close and sit out the NFP news story. Right now the market looks like it will not do much and over react at news time. Dont want to be part of that. Hopefully it will set up some trades for Monday. Very slow week so far.

RESULTS
gbp/chf PR, +10
aud/cad 2nd, +10

eur/gbp PR +32
Sells
usd/jpy PR

Buys

eur/cad PR not entered

STILL IN
cad/chf PR  -32
TOTALS
total for day +52
for the week +182
for the month  +182
Carry over -32

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
Closed out the cad/chf at profit and usd/jpy closed at 40 and went to bed. OK week with almost no DD, will take it.

RESULTS
cad/chf PR  +50
usd/jpy PR +40
Sells
gbp/aud PR

gbp/nzd 2nd

usd/chf 2nd

The GBP trades are pretty good since it is weak but so are the nzd and aud.  So we will see who is the weakest. Be careful of the usd/chf, that thing hasnt retraced much in weeks.
Buys

aud/cad 2nd

eur/cad PR not entered, and went to bed. It then crossed. If it gaps down it will be a trade setup. If it gaps up Monday then forget it.

eur/gbp PR

STILL IN

0
TOTALS
total for day +90
for the week +272
for the month  +272
Carry over 0

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
My results almost identically except I didn't do the GBPCHF & CADCHF trades.

I am trading this on 3 different accounts.  Trying to get comfortable w/ new broker etc..  This is a good system and very intrigued...

My EA system got a bit of a drawdown Today which is good, at least some movement is good.

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
Here is the AUD/CAD trades for the last 3 weeks. We werent trading a couple of weeks ago waiting for the market to settle but now that it showed a successful primary trade #1 we are ready to trade again. #2-4 show secondary trades as price bounces off of resistance, there is divergance with Blue STO line, and the black line is below or at 15 line. Of course there are no guarantees but look for aud/cad to give you another 40-60 pips on a trade Monday unless it gaps out of range on you.

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
Here is a eur/jpy trade that looks like a secondary because it keeps bouncing off of resistance but if you look at the chart there is no previous primary trade to base it on. So I am not taking his one even though it maybe a good trade. If the news out of the Euro countries werent so bad I probably would but, YUK. So I am not taking this one but will the aud/cad even though price action looks similar.

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
Hi Bob,

just trying to find your 2nd versions to download. Found 4th. On your recent trades are you using the 4H with 60x90? In the downloads are their the 4D and 5D versions for both real and demo accounts. Thanks.

soonerdkm

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
Just 4D version, I will post a 5D version probably later this week. I took the version 2 off because of confusion talking about all the different versions. Ver.4 is an improvement in keeping you out of the middle of the screen with the 6ths indicator instead of using Bollinger Bands.

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
Hi,

Is anyone in the EUR/GBP trade? the EA opened up the trade on EUR/GBP and is 3 levels down? Any thoughts on this, should i hold on to it or start the recovery

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
Here is a  pic of the recent movement. I labeled 3 spots where the 6x6 would have entered. All 3 gave you moves that would have profited 20-50 pips. Dont know why you would have entered at 1, maybe Support but the trade would have been minimum profit. When you came to 2 if you had a losing trade and the 2nd entrance would have given you a small loss or BE out. If you entered here you easily would have gotten 40-50 pips. You may think every trade is profitable but when you get close to BE you need to bring your SL up and prevent it from getting into a bad trade. #3 would have been minimum trade and now we are at a possible 4. I expect the euro to cross back up again but as has been reported for over a month now the Euro is in deep trouble and have posted several times only do sells. If you do a buy on the euro the profits are going to be small. So the next cross up get as much profit as you can and take the loss

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
Hey bob are you still working on the 60x90? or are you focusing mostly on the 4h? I have really liked this thread and the system seems rocksolid, keep uo the great work.

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
This is like a non automatic version of that one now. They both are based on the 6th indicator but this system filters trades by using the RWB indicator for signals to go in or out and a MA cross. The other enters automatically at certain levels. The strength of the other one is you get a lot more trades. Under normal market news stories and ranging markets it will work great. It will have trouble with long trend moves and super news stories.

This one tries to filter out the long trends and news stories by waiting for the MA cross. This system will filter out more of the bad trades but you wont get as many. What really makes this system work really well is the MPTM. I am working on version 5 now which will give you the one trade and either profit or hit the MPTM at +10. That is showing some promise. However, you still have to think and trade to use this system and too many traders want the easy way out and use an AUTO EA so they dont have to think.

Also, many of the guys here are using divergence on RSI to trade with this system and they are doing very well also. Fewer trades but much less risk.

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
took a sell on the usd/jpy on friday - took 88pips...however it looks like I should have held it right now.

anyways...can't be unhappy with that

With the touchyness of the market right now I'm barely trading...only making trades on really overbought/sold pairs, and staying away from buying the AUD, CAD, NZD and even the EUR...to much fear and negativity around.

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
It is a tricky market right now and you need to know some basic fundamentals. For example all the European currencies are weak to some degree, so matched up against each other they make good trades. GBP/CHF, EUR/GBP, EUR/CHF (I dont trade this one too slow). I would avoid any European currency with the USD unless you are going strong on the USD. I would trade minors with minors like aud/cad, aud/nzd, etc. JPY is very tricky because the Bank of Japan likes to intervene but the new PM of Japan strongly supports a weaker Yen to get exports going again so you want to trade that way. But matched up with EURO currencies really makes is a crap shoot. I am poor on fundamentals but I will stay with basics, like interest rate changes and very strong news like we have in Europe right now. Still there are trades out there and I will try to tell what I know. So tread lightly, but it is giving me ideas for version 5 that I hope will protect us in these type of markets also.

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
Same thing happened to me.  Just missed my TP by like 1-2 pips and then went rushing down.  I am only L2 at this point though and will hold.

I don't do recovery and will go much deeper in levels which is my strategy.  I am holding.

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
hello nanningbob...I have downloaded all your indicators and EA's.using explore I can see all the EA's listed in the expert file and indicators in the indicators folder, but when I get to the navigator display none of the EA's are showing and cannot be attached, but all the indicators and templates work fine. The MT4 platform was turned off while downloading the files. I have even shut it down twice more with no luck...Help anyone, I'm using MB trading platform (ECN) with micro account..

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
If you have meta editor open the EAs up and hit the compile button. Hopefully that will make them show up. If you still have anyproblems, post again I will download a MB trading demo platform and see if I can find the problem.

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
Guys watch this story very closely. IF this happens you do not want to be in the market.

BERLIN (MNI) - The German Constitutional Court is weighing the  possibility of imposing an interim order against Germany's participation  in the E750 billion EU/IMF fiscal rescue package, German weekly Der  Spiegel reported Sunday.

The magazine cited a letter from the President of the  Constitutional Court, Andreas Vosskuhle, to, amongst others, the German  government, the European Central Bank and the Bundesbank. The case  involves a lawsuit filed against the rescue package by Peter Gauweiler,  a lawmaker from Chancellor Angela Merkel's center-right CDU/CSU bloc.

An interim order by the court could temporarily forbid the German  government from mobilizing the loan guarantees proposed under the EU  package, Der Spiegel said. Germany's share of the EU measures amounts to  up to E148 billion in guarantees.

According to the magazine, the German government in a statement to  the Constitutional Court has warned that an interim order could lead to  "a self-fulfilling expectation of a default" by fiscally ailing EU  member states.

Moreover, the government remarked that the EU rescue package "is  not a legally binding agreement under international law but only a  political declaration of intent."

In addition to Gauweiler's lawsuit, three others have been filed at  the Constitutional Court against the rescue package. Another lawsuit is  to be filed next week, the magazine wrote.

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Thanks for the reply NabbingBob

I opened meta editor and compiled every EA, with no errors/problems. Shutdown the platform, reopened the platform and the EA's are still hidding..

I am using a live mini account from MBtrading if that may be the problem? But EA's from other sites load up and wopk ok??

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
Hi FX_mark...I'm watching the pair, have gotten 3 swingman buy lines, but keep getting conflicting recommendations from another indicator, not ready to turn around just yet?? can make money scalping though...

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
I think ECN like MB Trading you have to turn off the TP and SL. You can use the MPTM to add those after the trade is entered. So Go inside the EA, set the TP and SL to 0, compile and try again. If that doesnt work I will download a demo and try when I get up.

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
I have this running on IAMFX ECN.  No problems.  Sorry I can't help.

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
nanningbob...couldn't change SL, access denied,   tp already @ zero

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
MB Trading is a 5 digit broker. I will have to  post a 5D version. Will do tomorrow some time.

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
Not much happened. Dont like the looks of the euro or the news coming out so removed all euro trades off the board. added some gbp and some aud.

RESULTS

eur/cad PR  +10 try again today
Sells
gbp/aud PR ( EA not entered)

gbp/nzd 2nd ( EA not entered)
gbp/chf 2nd

Buys

aud/cad 2nd ( EA not entered)

aud/chf 2nd

aud/jpy 2nd

aud/usd 2nd

nzd/cad 2nd

nzd/chf 2nd

nzd/jpy 2nd

nzd/usd 2nd

I wouldnt take all of these but 1 or 2 or each group maybe good. If you get entered but they break that support line, just take the loss, dont try to do recovery trades. The commodity currencies are not going to be strong right now but these are good short term trade setups. Get your 50 pips and run type of thing.
STILL IN
usd/chf 2nd  -35
TOTALS
total for day +10
for the week +282
for the month  +282
Carry over -35

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
I hope to finish version 5 to my system. I am satisfied with my testing and will be adding some extra features and explanations. As you know I tried a follow the trend thread earlier and I have not abandoned that thought but I now think I can add that to this system. It is a totally different approach and doesnt work off of highs and lows like the  previos one did. The MPTM has changed a lot of things and I am learning how to use it better and better. My thought is this. I am thinking of starting a new thread because a lot of the previous material found here no longer applies. I also want to get rid of the stupid poll. I think that hurts people trying this system. Anyways, would you guys be OK if I start a new thread with version 5?? The additions would be a new type of EA cross, using a hedge, following a trend after you traded the counter trend, and getting rid of the dumb poll. Any thoughts. I will add a 4D and 5D version and both can easily adapt to ECN platforms. The time frame for all of this will be about 10 days. Let me know what you think?

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
VERY GOOD IDEA. I have made my feelings regarding the poll very clear. Last year I was one of those daft traders who looked at this thread and thought, too complicated, too risky, too long and too slow (if that makes sense). Since going live with NB 4h System in March I have been up in my trades every month and IMHO this system is one of the best (if not the best) in FF.

You have made life very easy for me and many traders like me, we will follow you anywhere.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
hey nanning, i would be glad that we will have a new thread, to continue with v5, as this thread have too much old info.. and all

i can't wait for your new v5..

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
Hi Nanningbob,

I recently started using the V4 system (was using the 3x3 first) which uses the MPTM. I'm demo trading with MT4 with Alpari uk and FXDD simultaneously. I notice that Alpari uk which is a 5D broker, i keeping getting the error message "jump stop function failed..." It rearly sets the jumpstop. I dont have this problem with FXDD (4D broker)I rearly get that error message. What is the reason for this?

Also, I'm trying to think of the best way of using the MPTM but I HATE how it kicks you out of a trade that may be going your way. What is the best way to trade using the MPTM?

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
The MPTM must also be set for a 5D broker also so check that first. I have demoed several companies and some will get this more than others. I have quit using the jump function and only use the BE function. I just didnt get enough to justify its usage or lots of error messages. In other words if it doesnt hit the +10 I will usually get the +50 or +100 and seldom got the inbetween.

From reading the MTPM forum I think the problem is too many messages being sent to the server at once. For example you may have one EA sending a Buy or Sell signal, The MPTM sending a BE signal and now your adding a Jump signal. If this is happening with several currencies at one time it maybe too much for the system but that is no a sure conclusion. Once the sever sends the trade context is busy or some other message back it backs up all the signals. Just my best guess on that one. Some MT4 companies servers are better than others.

I may try using several MPTM, I mean you only need a blank screen to use them. So set at one +10 @ 20, another at +25 @ 50 and so on. That may work better than the Jump function and using 1 MPTM. This way each MPTM EA is assigned one task to do instead of trying to handle several tasks on several currencies. That maybe the problem, one EA being assigned too many tasks on too many currencies.

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
"Also, I'm trying to think of the best way of using the MPTM but I HATE how it kicks you out of a trade that may be going your way...."

Again the purpose of the MTPM is to prevent a winning trade from becoming a losing trade. In other words I get some kind of profit. Since I am not home 8-12 hours a day I hated it knowing some currency pair had gone up 40 pips but when I get back home it is now -22. I rather get that +10 than deal with the negative trade that now maybe going against me. Then I may get the +10 and see it is +44 and I am out of the trade. Choose your poison.

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
Hi Nanningbob

Once again I want to thank You for all good stuff and hard work in all Your threads. I love Your systems. I am very curious of the new V5. Pleas bring it on

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
I'm all for a new version because it seem that you are dedicated to our future progress and you know what we need to progress in our trading. This is my second time around to this thread and have come to like it and be profitable. the first time I never took time to really learn and understand the system so kept skipping around looking for the GRAIL, now I think I have come very close to finding it. forget the poll, I wouldn't think it to be very accurate till someone has spent time learning the system and becoming profitable...KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!!

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
Bob this system has helped me a great deal so any thing you do at this point I'm all for.

Thanks

Moon

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Hi Bob,

I learn your system and i use it for my small live trading and so far help me alot.

Do you turn your computer 24*5days? or you just turn on when you want to trade?

I asking because of the EA that build in. I like the trailing stop. Thank you

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
Looking forward to v5 and the new thread.  Incorporating some trend analysis would certainly make sense IMO.   I still think the biggest issue with the system as it stands, is taking large losses due to trying to identify turn-around points which don't materialize.  I think taking small losses until the point that there is an actual reversal makes more sense.  Again, look forward to any new ideas you have.

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
Bob,

Very good idea on following the trend (as markets like this we just get drawdown), but if you have proper margin, you can make a bit when it bounces back to the fib retraces!

So far I am live EA system (stop gap version) and up about $105.73 off of $3,000.00 after 8.5 days of trading:  (puts me at about a 14% monthly)
http://www.mt4i.com/users/bluemele1/stats (does have drawdown, but I will use good MM to make profit on these trades)

I am also testing (demo) the stop gap EA on 5M & 15M.  They are both profitable, but scary.    I think 5M would work better than 15M, but you have to sit there on the computer and move too fast in my opinion.  I am averaging about 200% per week on that account with a 50% drawdown.  ECN required.

My manual trading system took a big hit right when I started a couple weeks ago so I am still being cautious and working my way out of that HOLE.  Tough time to start...  I was taking too many Secondary trades of the same currency (too many AUD pairs which got killed).  I think I learned not to take too many Secondary trades of the same currency.

All-n-all, I think this system kicks booty.

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
I like Bob's system and trade it when I see divergence. Just thought I'd share something I've added to Bob's counter trading system to give me some trades with the trend. I figure instead of being afraid of only getting small retraces when trend is strong why not go with the flow.

Put a 200MA on a chart and look for good pinbar retracement towards the MA. Wait for good pinbars with an engulfing candle as the third candle. You can use Stoch. as a filter. Only take buys when Stoch. is coming out of OS area and sells when coming out of OB area. Chart below shows a sell setup. Trend is down, pinbar formation and Stoch. coming out of OB area.

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
Interesting day for me. Made some mistakes by not turning the EA button back on after one of my trade checks. Cost me a lot of pips even though I had a decent day. All the gbp pairs made bigger moves than +100 so setting my TP was not big enough. Still it was a good day, could have been a big day

RESULTS
gbp/aud PR When all the other gbp pairs dropped and this pair did not I turned off the EA. However, it did drop later but not for me 0 pips.

gbp/nzd 2nd +100
gbp/chf 2nd +100
usd/chf 2nd  +13 I didnt like the looks of this trade and it was profitable. The MPTM had not kicked in yet and I was afraid of a whiplash move. I closed it here at +13. Later it made a nice down move but for me I was happy with something.

all the aud and nzd would have made something but I ended up not getting any of them. I didnt have the EA on when they would have entered. I had checked my trades and turned my EA off while I made some changes and forgot to turn it back on  so no trades for me.

aud/cad 2nd ( EA not entered)

aud/chf 2nd

aud/jpy 2nd

aud/usd 2nd

nzd/cad 2nd

nzd/chf 2nd

nzd/jpy 2nd

nzd/usd 2nd

Sells

Buys

eur/cad PR Only trade I see.

If the aud, nzd, and gbp pairs uncross I may turn the EAs on again. Looks like a quiet day for me.
STILL IN

TOTALS
total for day +213
for the week +495
for the month  +495
Carry over  0

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
Following the the trend is a very tricky proposition. It is why most traders dont make money. Every trend following system I know gets whiplashed into SL heaven. However, I think I found some places you can add some trades and they look good. Toothman had a great post on a certain trade you can look for and take. Trading anywhere in the middle of a chart someplace can be a real challenge. There are thousands of follow the trend threads here but they seldom last. There are a couple of good threads but you end up sitting at the computer all day, then you get tired, make mistakes, etc. etc. The difficulty in trading the market right now is, it is very news touchy. No matter what system you use it is a tough market to trade. Secondary trades make good money because you get bigger moves than Primary trades.

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
Thanks for sharing toothman. Your contribution is always valued. I would be most grateful if you could have a look at this indicator and give us your opinion. I found it in another thread here at FF and it seems to be smoother than RSI.

Although Bobs system has proven itself through thick and thin, there is no reason not to look for improvements. Bob is constantly refining his system. I know what pidgeon says regarding large -ve balances and in such instances Bob advocates the use of the Hedge. Although I used his method few times I am still not 100% sure in its implementation. hopefully in the new thread this aspect of the system can be explored further. Recently i have started reading Shamus`s thread (Volume Spread Analysis), it utlizes the ticks in order to identify volume. I would be grateful if BOB and you could give us your thoughts about it.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
Great post, you are starting to think like me. I will be using the 200 MA and using my new EA for trend following trades. How did you know I would do that. Hmmmmmmmmm.

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
Bob, on hedging...

This is something I thought about doing, or have actually been doing a little of in one of my live accounts:

L1 trade entered, market continues against me for another 200 pips (.01 lots)

L2 trade entered, market continues down against me for another 100 pips (.02 lots)

S1 trade entered (hedge of L1), market continues down against me for another 100 pips (.01 lot to counter the L1 trade)

L3 trade entered at -400 pips (or whatever market says) (.04 lots)

Market retraces + 200 pips (50% fib) and I exit all positions for healthy profit.

So, my thinking I guess is if the market does continue against you, why not negate the first couple trades as they move against you more quickly.  You have probably already said this, but my thinking is to hedge 1.5 times my entries.  If the indy says to enter every 200 pips, then my hedge for that entry is 300 pips later.

If you get a big 1500 pip move like early May, than it wouldn't be nearly as bad and you don't close your trades.  You could go more levels due to less draw down and hopefully climb your way out of it...

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
There are several ways to control risk. Hedging is one way of doing it. Instead of extra levels you can just hedge and wait for price to come back the other way and then unhedge your trade. Or hedge your trade and use future profits to get rid of the hedge. If you 1.5 the hedge then it needs to continue to go against you for it to work. If it doesnt then you have two losing trades you need to deal with instead of one. So 1.5 works if price continues against you and doesnt if price reverses and goes against your hedge.

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
I meant to say Stoch. not RSI as a filter but RSI would work in the same way. Bob, I'm anxious to see you're new trend following ideas.

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
I put that indicator on my chart but the indicator window is blank. Don't know what's going on with that. I like RSI for divergence because it's easier  to see the trade entry point compared to using Stoch. or Macd. I'm not real familiar with the VSA trading system but some will tell you it doesn't work well in forex.

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
You know it came down to something simple. Of all the thousands of threads here at FF and probably millions of posts, dozens of books, thousands of articles, on and on and on, I have never seen anyone define what a trend is. Once I gave it a definition (as per a 4H chart) you then could trade it. Sounds really dumb but that solved some of my issues and problems of following a trend. DUH!!!!!!!!! You cant successfully trade something that isn't defined. The reason my counter trade system is successful is I defined a counter trade and then did it. Now I am going to try to add to the counter trade system by following it after it reverses into a trend. I think it will be understandable but I wont know until I get it all written down and sent out to you guys for understanding. Iron out the rough spots and I think it will work. But I have been wrong before but defining a trend may be my best contribution to the subject.

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
Hey Bob,

Thanks for the response.  I guess I don't understand why I would have two losing trades at this point.

If L1 is -300 pips (-30.00), basically S1, now cancels it out and it is a stinker, but I will not be letting it go to -600 before I exit or hedge.

Now, when I enter L2 at a Multiplier, then it can either go another 300 pips (worst loss, -60.00)  || OR it goes back and hit TP which I have to make up now 300 pips on the L1 for profit (instead of the shrinking drawdown)

So, The only bad part is if it hangs out between -300 pips and -400 pips or basically where I add my hedge and where the next entry would be in the same direction AND I have an additional (50%)/100 pips to recover in my next level.  I wonder which is safer or it is probably moot...  Change one thing, you have to change two others...  haha

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
Thanks for your reply. I had found the indicator at http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...stcount=175863 . I just had a look at the instructions and there are three mhq files which need to go into the include folder, the files can be found at the above post. PLEASE FORGIVE ME I FEEL RIGHT FOOL for this cock up. Picture of the inidcator is attached, basicaly this indicator identifies and draws divergences.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
Maybe this is what your looking for Bob...Dan

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
I wonder what is worse, kissing your sister or trading this market. A 0 day. Cant remember when I had one of those but nothing right now is lining up so we sit and wait for a MA cross. :) Have two pairs for today. Think I will take my wife out to dinner, go to a movie, play badminton, not a trading day for me today.

RESULTS

Sells

Buys

eur/cad PR

eru/gbp PR
STILL IN

TOTALS
total for day +0
for the week +495
for the month  +495
Carry over  0

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
Looking at page 1, I was wondering where the downloads are? Trying to find them in all the posts.....exhausting. Anyway, just trying to get back into things and catch up with yall. Thanks so much.

soonerdkm

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
I know these exist somewhere but if anyone can write or find an indicator that will paint an arrow on the screen or a side box on the screen. It would be a very simple one that basically will do.

If bid is above MA 1 MA 2 MA 3 green arrow

If bid is below MA 1 MA 2 MA 3 Red arrow

If bid is between MA1 MA 3 but higher than MA 3 Yellow arrow

If bid is between MA1 MA3 but lower than MA3 Pink arrow.

This will be a filter indicator to clear up the signals. I will enter the exact numbers. I would like something like this not this weekend but the next weekend. I hope to have my booklet written and EAs fully tested by then. I have already partially tested the system and it works fairly well so far. Very little DD and no 2nd L trades. It has clear SL areas for those that dont want to ML trade.

I also will need a couple of guys to proof read the manual who already know my trading style. Need guys that understand my system to see if what I am saying is understandable. Send me a message via FF if you want a copy with your Email address. You must be able to not forward this to anyone else and realize I will makes changes before the final edition comes out.

Thanks,

Bob

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
Page 1 Post 1 Second sentence.

A note from a fellow trader p. 83 #1242: After a very very long time reading different threads and trying a number of different systems (Paid and unpaid), at long last I am making some profit by following the threads of two people in FF. One being your good self and other is Steve Hopwoods. It is interesting to note that both of you are Educators by profession.
I have posted the 4th editon Page. 93 post 1394. 977 people download the 2nd edition. We actally never posted version 3 because version 4 popped up very quickly so we went straight to that one.

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
I want to apoligize for not getting a 5D version up or the MBT working but my school closes this week and my wife and daughter are leaving back to the USA on Monday. I promise I will get to both of these as soon as I have a free moment. Just wanted you to know I havent forgotten.

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
Hi

I have a problem with trades being closed when a 2nd or 3rd trade which has hit its SL after breakeven +10 pips. I called forex.com and they told me that the EA has closed these trade. Now as far as I know 6x6 EA does not close trades and mptm is set to move SL to BE+10. Does anyone have any ideas what is going on here? This account is hosted by forex.com and was opened 2 weeks ago, so far I have had 5 trades closed in this fashion which has been very costly since almost all of them moved to +ve territory few hours later.

Closed Transactions:TicketOpen TimeTypeSizeItemPriceS / LT / PClose TimePriceCommissionR/O SwapTrade P/L
1717798 2010.06.09 15:08sell0.06nzdjpyfxf61.6961.590.00 2010.06.09 16:1261.590.000.006.56
1701014 2010.06.08 14:57sell0.04nzdjpyfxf60.1970.190.00 2010.06.09 16:1261.590.00-0.31-61.17

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
If the EA is used for all the same levels all the levels will have the same magic number。So if one trade is closed the EA will then close all three. The MPTM does not close trades it just sets the SL, that is all it does. If price hits the SL then the EA will close all the trades with the same Magic number. If they are different magic numbers then they will not close. If you get into multiple levels you should take the EA off the screen then you wont have this issue. I use seperate EA crosses so each level is entered with a different magic number. That way you wont have that problem.

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
No need to apologize. It is your good will to share with us and we are not in position to demand anything.

I wish You a safe trip to USA and will be waiting patiently.

Thx

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
Thanks for the clarification BOB. I knew if I closed a trade the EA would open another one but I had overlooked this, because I was relying on repeated mptm pips to compensate for the dd.

I opened a new account 2 weeks ago dedicated to this system only, due to balance of over $5k I have it hosted free with the broker and got a $200 promotional as well. Last week had a fantastic week and nearly 10% increase on the account. This week had large dd due to bad EUR trades (due to overconfidence and arrogance despite your warnings), but I was using hedge and additional trades to compensate. The only thing which has thrown a spanner in the works is automatically closed -ve trades of over $300.

Thanks to you and your system I am very cool and relaxed regarding the dd and know would recoup it somehow in the days to come. Just need to put in more work.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
I　ｈａｄ　ａ　ｇｏｏｄ　ｗｅｅｋ　ａｌｓｏ．　Ｉ　ａｍ　ｕｓｉｎｇ

ｌａｒgｅｒ　ｌｏｔｓ　ａｎｄ　ｆｅｗｅｒ　ｍｏｒｅ　ｃａｒｅｆｕｌ

ｔｒａｄｅｓ　ａｎｄ　Ｉｎｃｒｅａｓｅｄ　ｍｙ　ａｃｃｏｕｎｔ　ｏｖｅｒ

１０％　ｓｏ　ｆａｒ　ｔｈｉｓ　ｍｏｎｔｈ．

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
I suppose this is the way to move forward. It is funny I was looking at my numerous trades and thinking the same thing. It is our evolution as traders which is of utmost importance and without a shadow of doubt we are our own worst enemy.

I am now convinced that DISCIPLINE, DISICIPLINE and DISICIPLINE, is the key. However, I read your writings and watch "BORIS SCHLOSSBERG`s videos and think if very experienced and informed traders have this nagging problem what hope is there for me. Boris Schlossberg has a motto that he repeats every single week and that is "DO AS I SAY AND NOT AS I DO".

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
Bob nailed it.  I was having the same issue.

Long 1 EA Magic Number = 1

Long 2 EA Magic Number = 12

Long 3 EA Magic Number = 13

Short 1 EA Magic Number = 1

Short 2 EA Magic Number = 12

Short 3 EA Magic Number = 13

Set MPTM to manage by magic number, this means 3 different screens w/ MTPM for each magic number.

I really screwed up today on my live account too....

I was trying out another version and put MPTM on another MT4 instance and it goes by account, not by MT4 instance (which I didn't know) and it closed out most of my trades.    Down 1/3 of my profit for the month which isn't a whole lot as I am still testing!

Won't make that mistake again!

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
Astral,

How many pairs are you trading off 5K and at what size?

I am trading 3K (demo) for now on .01 (micro, .10 cents per pip) lots with the full time EA and 1.3K (demo) on the manual with micro as well.

I had a large drawdown (manual) as well and have been quite cautious on my manual account.    Just taking Primary trades which hasn't netted me a whole lot (60.00 this week).

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Bob`s recommendations of 22 pairs less the USDCAD and the high risk ones as mentioned in the manual, so 17 pairs in total, and lots 40 cents (i.e. 0.04). I use the formula 1/200,000 for high drawdown (i.e. $7,000/200,000 = 0.035 rounded off to 0.04). For high risk pairs I use 0.02 lots and have the EA re-enter after 150 to 200 pips with x1.6 (i.e. first lot .02, then .03, .05) 3 levels only.

I will be posting the statements every 2 weeks or so for all to see and I would very much welcome any suggestions, observations, etc.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
Dang two days in a row, I cant ever remember that happening before. NZD Pairs are PR if you ignore the effects of the market moves from 4 weeks ago. They are skewing the charts right now. At least we finally have some possible trades.

RESULTS

Sells
nzd/chf

nzd/jpy

nzd/usd

gbp/chf 2nd (feeling lucky about this one)

gbp/usd

cad/chf PR
Buys
eur/aud PR

eur/cad PR not entered

STILL IN

eur/gbp PR -37
TOTALS
total for day +0
for the week +495
for the month  +495
Carry over -37

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
Great, thanks for sharing.  I like your adaptations and will try them.  Seems like a good idea to water down the riskier pairs.  I have limited myself to the big one's with more lots...    I figure they are all so highly correlated that this will be sufficient for me for now.

I learned a lot when all the AUD pairs moved so much!  I was reminded how closely these guys can follow each other when times are a trendin..

(On a side note, I got a call from a 'specialist' from forex.com who wanted to help and guide me with my trading.  I just started back up live after a 4 month hiatus and I find it funny that he asked more questions about the 'systems' I was trading than about helping me.  Or, I guess that helps him understand how he can help me, but the concept of putting my EA w/ forex.com or giving them any insight is just plain scary to me as I am becoming paranoid after some of the stuff I have seen over the last year)  -- I know you are doing manual mainly, but just showing you my caution concerning them as I feel they are my worst broker for being truly 'on my side'.  I wonder if you will get the hundreds of server disconnects and busy signals and requotes that I have gotten while sleeping!!!

Too bad Forex.com doesn't allow investor passwords anymore.  If you think it prudent, I really like mt4i.com as it shows us all your stats while you are going through the mess...

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
Hi

Thanks for your post. I agree with SteveHopwood when he says they are all criminals. I doubt it very much if they go through each account, but you never know. They definately SL hunt, however, so far so good. The reason I chose to take their offer of free VPS is because my VPS was overloading. I am thinking of going with a LINUX VPS rather than windows which I am with at present.

BOB I wonder if there is a way of deleting the trade comment entry, because according to STEVEHOPWOOD if you leave the trade comment blank and Magic number to 0, then it looks as if the trade was entered manually rather than by an EA.

Kind Regards

P.S. I have started trading the system using divergence on a different account to see how it goes, I wonder if toothman has any advice or pointers for this.

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
I looked at the code and there is a text message added to the order. It is easy to delete, I think. Will see this weekend.

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
Thanks for your reply. You are very kind as always. I do not know if this is a good idea or not, but we will see. I know you have a lot on your plate, with version 5 and also family commitments, therefore please do not hurry in this case.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
Astral, why dont you consider to move to ECN broker? I understand ECN broker make money from commission only.

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
Astral...I use M B Trading with mini lots and don't have a spread, but a commission, which is normally less than .05 cents for a .01 order. They deal in 5 digits in most cases, they don't stop hunt, have a trailing stop option for presets or customize your own. They have ACH funds transfers. I have faired better with them than any of the other 4 brokers I tried.

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
This would work but I dont have the source code. My formula is a little bit  more complicated than the one used in this indicator. I could modify it into what I want I think and it would give some solid info. So you do you have the original source code?

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
Finally some profits and movement. Cant complain but the MPTM sure is busy. I am trying ot see what happens if I enter once and quit. Much smaller DD but not as much profite. We will see where it goes.

RESULTS
eur/aud PR +10

eur/gbp PR  0 got out, didnt like this trade
gbp/chf 2nd +10 +10

gbp/usd  +100
nzd/chf   +10
nzd/usd +10
Sells
Buys

Practically all the commodity currencies are up for buys or sells.

Check the AUD, NZD, and CAD to pick and choose which ones you would like to trade Monday.

STILL IN

cad/chf -79

eur/cad PR -4

gbp/chf -6

nzd/usd -80
TOTALS
total for day   +150
for the week  +645
for the month  +645
Carry over    -169

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
I would be at MB if it weren't for no hedging...  although picking an opposite pair could always be done as well.

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
[/quote]

I tried but it does not help much. it stopped only a few transactions becoming DD but kick of many good trades out when trade just started.

I tried to only reenter after X pips retracement from previous SL then Y pips movement from X (i set X=15 and Y=5). Compaing the exta pips earn (X-Y=10), i am not sastified with the extra pips earned aginst its cost which is being kick out of good trades. I just started to change X to 15 and set it to trail the retracement, will see what is the outcome. If anyone interested in the EA, i would post it here.

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
I tried but it does not help much. it stopped only a few transactions becoming DD but kick of many good trades out when trade just started.

I tried to only reenter after X pips retracement from previous SL then Y pips movement from X (i set X=15 and Y=5). Compaing the exta pips earn (X-Y=10), i am not sastified with the extra pips earned aginst its cost which is being kick out of good trades. I just started to change X to 15 and set it to trail the retracement, will see what is the outcome. If anyone interested in the EA, i would post it here.[/quote]

yes... please.. I would like to see it in action.

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
Just to add my voice to the MTPM. I like it because it does stop a lot of DD but It also losses a lot of pip profit. With IBFX I was hitting about 60% but with FXSol over 90%. (I used to trade with them 3 years ago but quit because they were a bunch of SL hunters. Still are I guess. Havent traded with them long enough this time to draw that conclusion but I am getting there.) Either way all those +10 will add up as long as you dont get into deep DD. So not sure what I will do with them yet.

I am starting to get a lot trade context is busy with the thing and that is aggravating. I think brokers dont like it and are trying to plug it up. I noticed some complaints elsewhere. I may try the hide stop line function from the broker and see how that works. May get better results that way.

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
JadeFX is your answer there, no NFA bs either

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
jADEFX doesn't accept or do business with U.S. citizens

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
Is everyone here trading with the EA?

Naningbob is it possible to get in the trade manually, not using EA because I am not very comfortable letting the program plays without me watching it. Could you or someone point me where you have described it.

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
Nothing changes, you just put your order in at the cross or after the cross and the break with S/R lines. Not much different. I use EAs so I dont miss the trade, I found out manually I enter  too early or too late or miss the trade altogether. So just put the MA lines on your screen and enter when price crosses. You could get a MA cross warning indicator to help you.

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
Here is a 6x6 warning system for your charts. It will warn you at the cross that a potential trade is coming. It will make a sound, post a message and place an arrow on the screen. It will work on any time frame.

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
NB:

Are you in the EURAUD now, or are you still waiting, or re-entering again at each new signal?  I'm not sure if the signals vary depending on the broker feeds or not.  On my platform the EA has already shown 3 buy lines, but they did not look like good enters to me.  It's down around 100 pips since the first signal line.  The NB meter does not show all green bars right now for the first two signal lines either.  I'm not sure if they were green at one time and then they were repainted or not.

At some point it might be good to buy it, but with the monthly trend down, I hesitate to place any buy orders, and would only place sell orders.

Do you discuss any trades you place when you place then or prior to placing them?

I'd like to see you post some screen shots of the trades that went bad.  I sometimes learn more from the mistakes than from the good trades.

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
Lots of trade possibles today, pick and choose. So many trades I just bailed on the cad/chf to clean it out.

RESULTS

cad/chf -11

eur/cad PR +24

gbp/chf +10
Sells
aud/cad

eur/jpy

eur/usd

gbp/jpy

gbp/usd

Buys

usd/cad

usd/chf

( I list the two USD trades but I wont be taking either one. Too  many trades going now. I dont want to overextend myself)

STILL IN
aud/chf -24

aud/jpy+26

aud/usd +12
nzd/jpy +13

nzd/chf -25

nzd/usd -134 2ndL +5

TOTALS
total for day   +23
for the week  +23
for the month  +668
Carry over    -127

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
Dont remember how I got the first level but here is the NZD/USD 2nd level I have taken. As soon as prices moves enough to even out the trade I will close and take my 0 loss. I will try to make profit on other trades.

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
I am not in the Eur/Aud. I just dont think it is a good time to take buys on the Euro except in the case of the EUR/GBP when it qualifies. Both of them are very weak right now so they could make good buy trades. I am selling eur/jpy and eur/usd. Doing sells on any Euro currency after any solid retracement makes good sense even though they may not fully quallify as primary or 2nd trades. The news out of Europe is so bad right now going long on any European currency is just risky. Look for shorts on gbp and euro currencies even though they may not fully qualify. I would take out that eur/aud buy or bring your SL tight. Even though it qualifies as a primary trade I dont trust the Euro to go up any time soon.

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
Here is the Eur/aud. It qualifies but the retracements are sickly and weak. I just dont think it is a good trade right now. The Fundamentals are way too strong against the Euro right now.

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
I am taking the Eur/USD even though it does not qualify as a Primary Sell. When fundamentals are very strong I will take a trade in the middle of the chart. The Fundamentals are very strong against the Euro so I am taking these trades even thought they dont officially qualify.

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
Bob,

Can you share your set file w/ MPTM?  Or your settings?

I set mine up for trailing stop w/ jumping stop and when it jumped the first time, it would close....  So, I disabled trailing stop and now it jumps again..    Strange.

BTW, I am doing very well the last few days on the EA since I got the bugs worked out with magic numbers etc..  My manual account is almost dormant and still coming back from the big May drawdown.

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
That chart looks like a transition from a downtrend to an uptrend.  If you add some moving averages you can see some crossovers to an uptrend.

I don't see the vertical signal line indicating that a sell trade should be placed, nor red bars in the NB Meter at your first entry.  There is a vertical line at the second entry and red bars on the NB Meter, but I'd be weary of the uptrend.

I guess your system mainly consists of taking the counter-trend trades.  You seem to be doing well with it. Seems more scary to me than taking the trades with the trend.  I'll need to demo it more before taking any live trades.

If you draw the fibs on the up move you can see that with a 50% retracement you can get your first loss back.  I'm not sure if there will be a 50% retracement though.

I didn't take a live EURAUD trade, I was just looking at how your system was indicating a trade.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
This is a countertrend system not a trend system. I explain this in my book. The difference between a countertrend system and a trend system is: a countertrend system you are 100% guaranteed a retracement will happen. In a trend system you do not know when a trend starts, when it ends, and how long it will last. If I take a MA cross against the trend on a 4H chart I am 75-85% sure I will get 20+ pips on the move. The ones that dont I can counter trade again and take a minimum or 0 loss on the trade. The only thing I have to worry about is the super news story (NFP is not a super news story). Greece maybe going bankrupt, France threatening to pull out of the Euro are (see 1st week or May), along with interest rate changes are. So I take the trade. NZD/USD mystifies me as to why I got that first level. Must have been drinking too much green tea.

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
I am not a Fib guy, I think that is a worthless indicator. If you put it on the chart less than 10% of the time price will  bounce or hit a Fib line. In truth almost all Fib lines are only hit when the also correspond with a S/R line. So in  my opinion S/R lines are far superior over Fib lines. I once changed the math on the Fib lines and found out that no matter what math I used for the 4 lines between the top and bottom (0-100), price would hit a line about 10% of the time. So I threw that indicator into the trash.

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
I only use the BE. With the jump start and BE functions and EA entrances I thought it was causing too much traffic and was getting the trade context is busy too much. Too many signals being sent to the broker. I have been using @ 20 BE +10 but I am going to test @40 +25. And see if I get better results. I like the idea of limiting my DD but I losing too many pips on the +10 BE. I also am testing a 200 TP instead of +50. I hope these changes will give me more take home pips without affecting the number of trades that go into DD.

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
For manual entry should I switch to 15m chart or any smaller tf than 4hr?

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
I dont manual trade but that is usually how it is done. Get a signal from a high end chart and then go to  a lower time frame to find your best entrance. I use EAs to do all my entrances.

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
I've had much better success rate with fibs myself. My mentor is astonishing with them, often with projections and retracements to the pip, and over 80%, maybe over 90%, close to the levels. He took a training course under DiNapoli himself. But you don't need to hit to the pip exactly, close is good enough to know where to be looking to close half or all the position.

You're right about not knowing where trends start. Once the retracement happens though you know where the trend started, where the retracement is, and then you can get into the trend after the retracement ends. Easy to draw the fibs with these points known and you get the profit target. This method is often used by my mentor, but I haven't gotten the hang of it during live trading. I still try to get into the trend where it starts, hard to do. Maybe his method is the corollary of your method.

You say that you don't know where the trend will end. Do you know where the retracement will end? How do you set the profit targets?

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
Hi Bob

I was getting good few pips with mptm BE, but the problem came when started having Level 2 trades, then as soon as BE+10 was hit and trade closed then the Level 1 trade was closed as well. Therefore, I had to switch it off until such time that there are no Level 2 trades.

Some observations regarding indicators:

The  S / R Indicator is based on Fractals found in mt4 and other places.

The Sixth indicator is almost (maybe 10% difference) the same as Murrey Math Lines.

I agree with Bob regarding Fibonacci, however, a lot of respected experienced traders live by it and works for them. By the way found a nice little site with good number of mt4 indicators (with instructions) which may be worth a visit. http://forex-indicators.net/

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
I will answer those questions in my new thread. To me the question became defining the trend. I defined what a trend is, then I trade it. Testing my theories now. Once I defined what a trend was I knew where to enter and I knew where to exit. I felt that was the fault of trend traders, they didnt define what it was so it became a hit and miss system. So if a trend lasts 50 pips or 1500 pips you should be able to follow it all the way through or pick up most of it. I can also alter it to work on any TF. So depending on what kind of trader you are it should fit.

I have no doubt that people who trade FIBS have some success. The problem I have with teacher/traders is they always show you after the fact and they never show their failures. My trades are posted before the event and you see my failures. I dont hide, good or bad, most traders can relate to that. Guys have seen how I handle 2-3000 pip DD on a day by day basis so now trading becomes meaningful to them. Again with FIBS if they correspond with an existing S/R area they work.

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
The penultimate sentence in your post is the most important aspect of your system distinguishing it from any other I have seen. I have not come across any other system where a plan is in place to deal with losing trades. Normally in any system losing trades are accepted as part of trading but here there is a specific and detailed course of action to deal with it. As long as the trader has good money management discipline (i.e. stick to lots of 1/200,000 or 1/500,000 x account balance for example if your account balance is $5,000 divide by 200,000 = 0.02 lots) and LIMIT number of trades, everything will go smoothly.

Bob being an expert can handle a large number of trades being open at the same time, however, what I have found is that if I have more than 8 or 10 trades open at one time and they go in DD then keeping up with level 2 and 3 trades for recovery can become a bit of a hand full. I will keep only 8 to 10  trades open at one time till such time I am more confident. Finally, I am still not 100% used to the mentality of H4 trading. It takes a bit of time to get used to having some trades open for couple of weeks and -ve trades of few hundred pips!

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
Looking forward to your answers.

Funny thing about those S/R though is that they are where there are fib clusters.  Has to be reason why those S/R are at those points.  The biggest traders in the world use fibs, and since they control the market that is why fibs work.

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
I changed my MPTM to 40+25 and got a lot of them so had a very good day. Almost every currency is tradeable so set up the ones you like best and go. Me, I will take almost all except the usd/cad. You all know how much I love that one. Have a good day trading, looks like a monster day today or tomorrow on these reversals.

RESULTS
aud/cad +43
aud/chf +23  +25
aud/jpy+25

aud/usd +42
eur/jpy+25 +25

eur/usd +25
gbp/jpy +25

gbp/usd +25 +25nzd/jpy +25

nzd/chf +58

nzd/usd  2ndL +25
Sells
All aud as primary or secondary trades

All Eur as primary or secondary trades

All NZD as primary or secondary trades
cad/jpy 2nd

chf/jpy  2nd

gbp/jpy 2nd

gbp/usd PR

Buys

usd/cad PR

usd/chf PR

STILL IN
eur/jpy -185

nzd/usd -210 Have EA set to reenter at the cross.

TOTALS
total for day   +416
for the week  +439
for the month  +1084
Carry over    -395

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
Sorry to disappoint you guy but the big traders use S/R lines, that is why every broker lists S/R lines every day not Fib lines. Fibonacci was an Italian mathematician who designed a math formula. The math formula has nothing to do with trading, stocks, Forex or anything else, it is a math formula. If you draw any 4 random lines on the screen an x amount of the lines are going to lines up with an x amount of candles. It is just the odds of it happening.  It is not S/R lines line up with Fib lines it is the other way around. S/R lines have existed as long as trading has existed. Fibs are just a fad right now. The bottom line is Fibs only work when they line up with S/R lines and that is a happen stance. Again Fib traders dont show when it doesnt work which is very very often. I studied Fib lines and it has an accuracy rate of about 10%, I am not going to bother with them because they are a worthless trading tool. When you look at using something you look at it from all the time not at only when it works and Fibs will fail you the vast majority of the time.

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
i agree Bob, I've never really bothered to study them as they seem like a bit of a gimmic and a waste of my time.

In other news, the AUD/USD is right on a historically significant SR line, so keep an eye on it.

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
I COMPLETELY DISAGREE with anyone who doesn't believe in FIB's...  I make trades off of them (FUTURES WITH A LOT MORE CASH AT STAKE ON EACH TRADE) daily and they are very accurate.  I think most people don't believe in them because they haven't been properly taught.  Those who have always love them.

It really doesn't matter, you can use them or not.  Big guys, little guys, a butt-load of people use them and create a market dynamic because of them.  I believe the reason that some s/r lines exist is because it is 50% of the move, or 61% or whatever...

With this system, it is really based more off of ATR which is good as well.  The currency tends to move so much over a timeframe...

---I like the 10 pippers!  They are great for MPTM, but can experiment as well.  On my 3K account (risking 2k) I made about 100.00 the other day on those guys as well..

ASTRAL mentioned having the difficulty w/ MPTM closing out L2 & L1 trades etc..  What I have done is manage the MPTM by currency and have an instance of each, then I turn off the EA for that pair when it hits 2 levels.

I am actually reading MPTM manual through again as I have had a lot of errors...

Oh, and something I am doing that I think is even more interesting is that I have converted the EA to be a 2-in-1 system.  Basically, I have an EA running normally in the right direction, but I have now converted it to run in reverse as well at the same time.  So, I have one that bets up and one that bets down.  I am betting they are both right!  This is more for fun, but interesting to see how it plays out.

This system seems to be more about MM (Money Management) than perfect entries....

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
Bob,

Have you played with the 'UseTighteningStop' in the MPTM EA?

I figure that might get you closer to where you want to be?

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
The plan for dealing with losing trades is normally a stop loss. And for what seems like a typical profit target of 25 pips (from Bob's results listings), the stop loss should not be more than 10 or 15 pips. That is kind of tight for a 4 hour chart, but the profit target is also kind of small for a 4 hour chart too, more like a profit target of a 15 minute chart, maybe even for a 5 minute chart if you limit the trades to only the best setups.

Why are stop losses not used in this plan? Seems like a personal hang-up about having a losing trade. This is typical for professionals like doctors, dentists and engineers, since in their professions making a mistake has dire consequences. They carry this into their trading and think a losing trade is a mistake that they cannot make. They end up blowing up their accounts and are the worst traders, as a rule. However, the truth is you only need to be right 50% or less to make money in forex.

In Bob's document he shows a trade that went wrong in L1 by 200 pips, then wrong again in L2 by 200 pips, but then with a reverse martingale strategy makes it back to even in L3 with 133 pips (a stated one third retracement of the 400 pips, or maybe the 38.2 fib level, haha).

What would have happened in this scenario with stop losses? Hard to say what the profit targets would have been. The typical profit target of 25 pips he shows in the results seems low, especially since he is expecting to get 133 pips in the last trade to make the recovery work. Anyway, say he was using 60 pips stop loss each time (10 is usually too low for a 4 hour chart, though it may work once in a while). So in the end it would be -60, -60 and +133. Even without using the reverse martingale strategy (a betting or gambling strategy) he would have been farther ahead using stop losses.

You may notice that even with only a winning percentage of 33%, there would still be a profit after 3 trades. It doesn't make sense to be chasing after 25 pips profit targets with 60 pip stop losses though. The alternative of possibly being hundreds of pips in the hole only works with pocket change pips, unless you have very deep pockets.

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
Black,

This is the way I trade this system and the way I look at it.

This is not 'typical' type system and you have to change the  mindset to understand it.  It is more about money management than about good entries.  With my futures trading, I have a 5 tick stop (50.00) and my TP's are usually 20, 30, 40, or even 200 ticks away dependent upon how lucky I am!  This is where a tight stop is used and with a distant TP makes lots of sense when you make lots of losses, but 1 winner pays for them in spades.  BUT, I am absolutely glued to my charts by the tick for 1 hour per day (NY OPEN) and it takes immense concentration and one can only do that for so long in one day before going f-in crazy.

With this system (NB), you basically have a bunch of little tiny winners (20 pips, etc..) and some losers or DD (-500 pips etc..) which you then use Martingale to get you out of it.  This doesn't take you being glued to the screen or trying to have to figure out EXACTLY where the pivot is, or most likely where you are probably wrong.

Very few moves are greater than 2000 pips, so, if you are entering LONG on the bottom of your screen, and it drops, you have a long ways to play with it to get back to 0.  If you trade smaller time frames, then not possible and a big move will wipe you out.

I love this concept as the brokers can't stop you from picking up hundreds of 10 to 20 to 30 pip wins while YES, you have drawdown and your L2, L3, etc. will get you out of that.

An example would be:

USDCAD

L1 trades = 13 different trades at +20 pips, before it hits DD and you need an L2 trade at 220 pips down the road.  If that L2 comes up and gets you back to 0+, then I rinse and repeat.

You trade very small contract amounts so 500 pips is really like 15 pips on a 15 minute chart etc..

I love it because no screwing around w/ the HOUSE (broker).

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
I have had several EAs that trade both directions at the same time. Works great until a long drawn out trend and then they get into trouble. But it was a nice system while they lasted.

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
"I love it because no screwing around w/ the HOUSE (broker)."

I dont emhasize this much but it is one of the big reasons of my system. It takes the MT4 in house programming out of the game and the broker cant stop you from making money. His only winning card is a margin call and if you finance yourself and keep your lot sizes undersized he cant get you there either. Great understanding and explanation of the system. I can go out to dinner, take my wife out, see some friends, go shopping, etc. and just leave the EA do its job. You guys must remember I live and work in China so I sleep through most of the USA session every day. I get up and see if I am up or down and then set my trades for the day and go to work. I love it, no blood pressure jumps, no  heart attacks, no What the h............ did Bernanke say this time? no cussing or praying about the trade, just set and let it do the work. If price goes against you, get another EA (L2) and try to wipe out the deficit. Love it.

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
I have had several questions about the MPTM and its different functions. I only use the BE function, and nothing else. I like to manually run my trades after entrance. I only use the MPTM to lower my DD but I also get hit for smaller TP. I have tried using MPTM with another brokers demo and if I used the hide TP function but it would not work but if I left it at false it did. Dont know why but I am seeing more and more interference with this EA. I had a GBP/JPY trade take 30 minutes of trying to move the SL up and it finally did but that is too long. Wonder if anyone else is having this problem and do they have any solutions????

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
I am afraid you have misunderstood the system. PT is not 25 pips, mptm is used to ensure winning trade does not become a loser and to harvest pips in fluctuations. I had not read the manual in its entirety and had missed the point regarding L2 and L3 EAs in -ve trades. However, what Bob advocates in his 2-4-2 recovery is not martingale and he emphasizes that fact. You do not need to use the recovery if you wish, it is optional. Mind you this is one of very few systems which offers a strategy to deal with losses. This system is very flexible and does encourage traders own development and evolution.

Another way of dealing with losses is the use of hedge, however, since the silly NFA rules BOB has not talked about this much. What should be remembered is the universal truth that within a large price movement of 800 to 1000 pips there are always retraces of at last 200 pips. But again it is up to the traders feeling. You can close and accept the loss, hedge or use 2-4-2 recovery it is up to you.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
hey bob, thanks this amazing strategy. been testing it for few days now and it works great! However, I've only been testing out the very basic of it. (the RBW line crossing the 85/25) I notice that your strategy does not states where to put the stop loss(for the very 1st level).

Can to enlighten me?

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
I set my SL at 1000. I really dont use them but accoding to my 2.4.2 rules you would close your 1st level trade before you open the 4th level. So that would put a manual stop somewhere 4-600 for level 1. Then lleves 2-4 are then retraced back to 0 or mininum loss. I usually do only 1-3 L1 losses a month. The rest of my trades are BE or profits.

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
decent trade yesterday on the gbp/usd - 68 pips.

Also broke even on a couple of others.

Its been a decent month for me so far, I've been very conservative because of the gittery markets...so just placing high % trades thus far.

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
HMMMMMMM rethinking this MPTM thing. It seems with FXSol or current price action as soon as the MPTM moves price up to +25 it goes and hits the TP. Wonder what would happen if I just took the +40 every time?? Either way I still make  profit. I am just reluctant to miss out on those occasional runs I get. Plus my DD has been so much smaller lately. Benefits and non benefits of using it. HMMMMMMMMMMMM thinking, thinking, thinking????

RESULTS
aud/chf +25
aud/jpy +25

aud/usd +25

cad/jpy  +25
eur/usd +25
gbp/jpy +25

gbp/usd +25

nzd/chf +25

nzd/usd  2ndL +25

usd/cad +25
Sells
aud/usd waiting to reenter
aud/chf waiting to reenter
eur/usd waiting to reenter
Buys

STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad +5
aud/jpy  +9
cad/jpy -4

chf/jpy  -23
eur/jpy -187  2L -52
gbp/usd +54
nzd/cad -37

nzd/jpy  -67
nzd/usd -190 2L -8
usd/chf -13

TOTALS
total for day      +225
for the week    +664
for the month  +1309
Carry over         -513

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary[/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
That's where I was seeing the Profit Target as 25 (see NB's results for those who do not read). Do you know how much of a draw down you get before you get the 25 profit?

I'm more interested in seeing how the draw downs turn into breakevens.

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
Profits of 25pips is calculated using 4 decimal system correct? so in 5 digits it would be equivalent to 250pips?

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
no it is still 25 pips, adding decimal places does not increase the size of a pip. It would be 25.0 pips. They are the same just another digit.

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
Sheesh. Some Swiss banker goes Blah blah blah and the whole market suddenly reverses. I hate these guys. Well now we have to wait for the market to correct from his noise. I decided just to take the loss on the usd/chf instead of recovery. Dont know if that was a good decision or not but had enough going on at the time. I took the +25 MTPM off and got bounced on several trades that would have taken the +25 but now I am in DD. So the MPTM is back on. Now I know why I use it. Have a good day. Oh Frost Call is back havent heard from him in a while.

RESULTS
aud/jpy  +25
cad/jpy  +25
gbp/usd +60

usd/chf  -200

Sells
gbp/usd
Buys

cad/chf

gbp/chf

gbp/nzd

usd/jpy

usd/chf
STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad -67
aud/jpy  - 6
aud/usd -87
chf/jpy   -114
eur/jpy   -200  2L -64
eur/usd -135
nzd/cad  -125

nzd/jpy   -25
nzd/usd -260   2L -78

TOTALS
total for day    -90
for the week     +  664
for the month  +1309
Carry over           -1161

PR=primary, 2nd=secondary[/quote][/quote][/quote]

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
Hi Nanning,

How do u use this indicator? In which folder do you put it?

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
I dont use the indicator because when I get the cross the EA enters. It is only for those who want to manually trade the system and it gives a warning and they can decide whether to enter or not. I use an EA and it enters when there is a cross. So it is up to you to use it or not.

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
bob...why do I get erroneous 6x6 cross alerts,ie, this am 06:42:55 alerted cross sell on cad/chf, the ma lines are not even close, also RWB are all below 15, have 2 aqua buy signals???

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
Hi Bob

I am experimenting with an idea of combining your system with Volume Spread Analysis. The foundation will be your system plus couple of more indicators for confirmation of trend change. I still want to use the mptm and the function of reentry after closing trade, however, instead of 6x6 or 3x3 I want to use pending orders.

I looked at the attachments and there are no EAs prior to 2010 and I was wondering if you have any old EAs which may suit my purposes. Even if none of them have the pending order option, I may be able to get someone to put that in.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
Are you on a 4H chart. Here is mine, the signal was at the cross!! The warning device has nothing to do with Sto or Macd. It only works on MA crosses.

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
When you change charts or TF it will give you the last cross message. Doesnt mean it is now.

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
Price stayed flat and didnt go anywhere much. Picked up some MPTM's and that was all. Hopefully Monday prices will move around some. Still in a lot of trades and some potentials there. Not is deep trouble on any but all sitting good to break even or TP.

RESULTS
cad/chf  +25

gbp/chf  +25

gbp/usd  +25
Sells
cad/jpy

gbp/usd
Buys

eur/aud

gbp/chf

usd/jpy (both usd trades did not enter)

usd/chf

usd/cad
STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad -55
aud/jpy  - 45
aud/usd -139
chf/jpy   -130 2L -12
eur/jpy   -189 2L -54
eur/usd -133  2L -2

gbp/nzd -132
nzd/cad  -98

nzd/jpy    -43
nzd/usd -286   2L -104

TOTALS
total for day     +   75
for the week      +  739
for the month  +1374
Carry over               -1422

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
One of the reasons I post my ideas is to encourage innovation. Having said that all trading EAs are based on indicators and they all have one main problem. It is what I call the peeker trade, in other words no matter what you use as your qualifications there is always those small handful of trades that qualify and then price reverses. This happens in trend following EAs a lot and to a lesser extent my counter trade system. I am having this same problem all week with my trend following EA. A trade will qualify and then reverse fields. I already know whatever you come up with will have peeker trades happen. This means we dont try but that is the problem that needs to be solved. Solve that one problem and your a millionaire. Now there are several ways to handle these.

1. Take a SL (most common approach, death slowly by SL, the tighter the SL the more often it is hit. The wider the less often.)

2. Multi-level trade ( IE reenter at another position and zero out the negative trade but have rules to limit your losses if you cant)

3. Martingale ( keep adding until you win or wipe out your account)

4. Hedge (come back another day, week, or month and trade under your conditions not the markets) Right now I dont have a set a rules for this but am working on it.

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
Let me give you a lesson on indicators. All indicators are based on moving averages, you need to understand this to know their limits, weaknesses and strengths. For instance you take any major indicator in your MT4 system and all they do is take a moving average and post it on your screen using lines or in the case of Haiken Ashi, it uses bars instead of lines. Ichimoku uses MA and plots them into the future and then draws cute little clouds of different colors on your screen. All it is doing is plotting previous S/R lines based on certain MAs and moving them into the future. Neat little system but still a MA system. Some use separate charts like MACD and Stochastics etc. and they will draw lines or bars. Some systems use math formulas off of highs and lows and then draw lines. Pivot point systems do this along with Fib and the 6ths indicator I use. Pivot point system uses the previous days high and the low and the middle is your pivot. Then it uses math formulas to draw lines above and below the pivot. It changes every day. Fibs uses the last previous high and low from longer period time frame to draw lines on a screen. These lines are based on a percentage from the high and low or a moving average of the high/low plus a math formula and freezes it in time. The difference between a MA line and pivots and fibs are pivots, Fibs, etc. are MAs frozen in time based on previous highs and lows and some Math formula and MA lines keep moving with price and time. People keep coming up with new indicators but they dont realize they will all have the same flaws. MA no matter how you design them only tell you what has been happening. They can never predict the future so when you commit to any indicator there is always a chance price will not do what it has been doing and will suddenly reverse at or near your entrance point. No indicator can ever solve this problem. Every once in a while someone will come onto my threads and say if you just use indicator A or B or C this will solve your problem. No it wont because I know your indicator is based on some form of MA and all MA have the same weaknesses and strengths. The problems will just pop up at some different point than some other indicator.

So I have come to one conclusion concerning Forex trading. What goes up must come down and what goes down must come up. That truth is always 100% true. If we apply some common sense rules and not get overly committed to any trade or group of trades we can wait out the market for its reversals and counter rallies and counter dips. These will always happen and we can profit by them. That in a nutshell is my philosophy behind all my systems. You can change indicators and adjust them but they do not know whether price will go up/down 50, 100, 200 or 500 pips the next minute, hour, day, or week. I only know that when they do reverse they will come back down/up again and I make money or break even. That is my philosophy. The only thing I need to fear is the super news stories and interest rate changes. (NFP, news spikes, etc. are not super news stories).

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
I know I said I would try to get my new idea out this weekend but there is no way. Again the peeker trades are haunting the trend following system, the bugaboo of all trend trading systems. You just dont know when the trend is over or going to continue, the peeker trade enters during this transition period and it is a matter of when do I cut this loss. You cant 2.4.2 your way out because the peeker trade will be at the very bottom/top of the trend so you cant outlast being at the beginning of a new trend going the other way. The trend trading part seems to work fine, its figuring out how to deal with transition. That may take some time. I thought I had a solution but it has peeker trades that are just in a very bad spot.

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
The indicator goes in the indicators folder.

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
Thanks for your thought provoking remarks. There is no doubt in my mind that you  are 100% right regarding indicators. I have not studied indicators in as much detail as you have but one thing which is true with all of them is that they are ALL Lagging and trying to predict future price movements based on past events. Nothing can change that.

What puts your system in a league of its own is the clear set of rules dealing with bad trades. Although as you have pointed out these rules would benefit from further development and a clear hedging strategy is needed. Furthermore, traders own skills, judgment and development is essential part of this system as well as any other system.

As I mentioned before, I am  currently studying the concept of Volume Spread Analysis. I know most people would say it is impossible in forex and I am of that opinion as well but I am giving the argument the benefit of the doubt for the time being. Nothing beats experiments in determining the validity of a concept so I plan to experiment once I know more about the concept. In the meanwhile the only proven system for me is NANNINGBOB`s System.

Many Thanks and Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
Bob,

Good point.  I am somewhat new to FOREX, but have been trading FUTURES for quite a bit longer.  I was not profitable in FUTURES until I actually mastered the underlying instrument and how it 'danced' or 'sung' without the indicators occasionally wasting my time.  I found out over time, that tune or move changed considerably and I just had to adjust and keep in line, kind of like dancing to a new partner.

I have been working on a double grid system and I think I have come to the conclusion that a Martingale system no matter what only works if you have a lot of cash on very little leverage and hence your returns become nominal.

I have almost killed it for now.  However, I took you EA (from other thread) and added stop gap trailing and a trailing stop embedded in the code and it works reasonably well.  But, you still get into those death spins and the key would be to stay out of it, but how do you know how far and long the drop will be.  My trading in Futures is I get in, I am out in 15 minutes max with some serious ticks, OR, I am out right away with a small loss so completely different mindset...

Just thought I would share.  I will also post my new EA with changes in the other thread to see if anyone has any interest.  I had to dig out of my brain my old crappy programming skills.

Oh, and there is an interesting anti-grid trend following system that 7-bit is doing that could help your trend system maybe...    It is in the platform area and I think it is called snowball.  I have actually come up with the same idea, but mine adds positions off of bar closes instead of so many pips...

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
Thanks for the note. The only system I have ever used that has stayed profitable for a long period of time has been this one. Doesnt mean I always win but it is a complete system. I am constantly working on ideas but most of them have their issues. If I make any new breakthroughs it is going to be in the area of hedging. Testing out some ideas and thoughts now and a couple look promising. Hedging is easy to do, unhedging is another matter. As I solve each problem area it looks more  promising. If I can come up with a complete list of hedging rules, I feel I can limit my DD to a certain number and it will not get bigger. This then would get us through these rough patches and we could trade freely and openly any kind of market. I am working on hedging because my trend EA is working well but the transition period is a mess. To declare a trend over means you have trades that are already in trouble. In other words you entered and the trend is not continuing so now what?? Until I solve that problem it is difficult to work the system. I am beginning to think the only way to  make a trend system to work is to use a daily or weekly chart. There are just too  many reversals dips and rallies even on a 4H chart to stay out of trouble. Well keep trying, meanwhile I will continue to fight off the DD with the 2.4.2 system until something better comes along.

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
Can someone publish forward trading results for this system?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
I post my results every day, what more do you need????? I post my trades before I take them and then I tell you the results the next day. I certainly cannot hide anything.

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
I am not sure how this will affect my system but looks like the Cad, NZD, and Aud are going to be bullish over the long run. China unhinged its RMB from the dollar. Since we are basically short term traders it may not affect us much.

"When China raised its exchange rate in 2005, by 2.1 percent, commodities rallied for more than a year after the revaluation, although not solely because of Beijing's move."

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
How do we ever solve this riddle?

Trend EAs suffer in ranging periods and martingales in long trends. As we go towards higher TF may be we postpone that rogue trade happening but when it happens it will cause equally higher damage.

May be we look at a middle range TF say H1 or M30, enter as many boring pairs with a smaller TP and Pips and close trades at the end of the day, whatever happens. Have a fixed target for either profit or loss.

Sixth EA has lot of promise according to me even on lower TFs like M30 or H1.

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
The lower the TF the higher the percentage of whiplash. I originally started with my RWB lines on lower TF and I would get killed at time. It did not become profitable until the 4H TF. The problem I have seen with every trend following program has been whiplash. Like this morning with the gaps. Bunch of news traders went out and bought commodity currencies but that pushes the price of their goods up and makes them less affordable. In a recession time that is not good for them. People cant buy right now until they get their jobs back. So the Yuan story, I believe will have short legs for now.

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
IMHO this counter trend system is the way to go. The reason I find the concept of Volume Spread Analysis appealing is due to its explanation of price jumps and trends, claiming that by the time ordinary folks jump on the trend band  wagon (the concept of HERD mentality)the Smart money is already disposing their holdings.

Although as mentioned before the vast majority of forex traders do not think that volume can be accurately gauged in forex. I am not sure but keeping an open mind for the time being. I do not think we should discuss this concept here since there are plenty of threads where you can see the arguments for and against it.

The areas where NB H4 can be improved is mainly money management and entry. At present we do not have clear rules as to when to exit a non profitable trade and this is very much open to individual trader`s discretion. Maybe we should have a clear set of guide lines as to when a -ve trade should go into recovery using 2-4-2 and when we should just take the loss and move on.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
IAMTHAT,

Did you combine Blessings with Bob's EA?  Interesting as I am doing that kind of myself!    Pretty cool concept.

I agree smaller timeframes are great for the EA, but sometimes it gets 'caught' and whammo...  What are you doing to alleviate the smaller time frame big runs.  The only thing I could think of was trade in off "opens" times...

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
If  you dont use the 2.4.2 system then you close trades based on experience etc. For instance I will close trades much earlier than that when I think a trade is going to be trouble. IE on the wrong end of a news story and dont want to  bother with 2.4.2, so I just take the loss. I did that yesterday and will do occasionally. I dont know how to teach that, that is just experience and a gut feeling.

For example I live here in China and watched closely the YUAN exchange. Their message was a farce, they are not free floating the YUAN but doing controled movement. It is the typical, we did something but it really wasnt anything real thingy. So I believe the markets are going back to normal from this story. The Chinese want to got to the G20 meeting to blunt criticism of their manipulation of the exchange rate but they  made a change to show they have. They are not really going to change much. So I expect things to go back to normal as traders and markets realize this.

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
That can not be taught pure and simple, comes with experience. If you have time please have a look at this article http://cdn.forexfactory.com/attachme...9&d=1221085865 . It can explain the concept much better than I can.

If you ever wanted a rationale for being counter trend trader this is it. For people  who do not have time here is the last paragraph: QUOTE:"Summary: 60-80% of volume in the markets is professional activity. 90% of traders lose money. 90% of weak money buy tops and sell bottoms. 10% of traders sell tops and buy bottoms. Why so many people are focusing on and copying what majority or 90% of traders are doing and miss the fact that if something is very obvious in the market, it is obviously wrong."

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
I turned off the MPTM yesterday so I could catch some good retracements when they happen plus had a lot of multiple levels. I also turned off my EAs at one point to keep anymore entrances from happening. I had enough going on my plate so some pairs I never entered. USD/CHF and USD/CAD are examples. Have not had a big gap day in a long time go against me so had to scramble some yesterday. I put some hedges on to protect my account in case of a worse case scenario and was pleased with the results. I used it on the aud/jpy, eur/jpy, and chf/jpy. Since these were double and triple lots they profited very nicely when I took them off later and the dumb GOVT agency says they see no value in hedging. Not part of my system but am glad the option was there. See note above about the RMB story.

RESULTS
aud/jpy +100 I took this but maybe a bad decision
aud/usd -193 +50 Some how I had the same magic number for two different EAs so when one profited it closed both, dang.
eur/jpy +50 -75 I usde my 3rd L profit to close my 2nd L loss I also used a buy hedge on this one yesterday and did very will but that is not part of this system.
eur/usd -78 +58

gbp/usd +56

gbp/chf +50

usd/jpy  +50
Sells
aud/chf

aud/usd

cad/jpy (did not enter)
Buys

eur/aud (did not enter)

eur/nzd (I am not taking this one but it qualifies, dont need anymore high flyer trades right now)

gbp/chf

STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad -267 2L -127
aud/jpy   -206
chf/jpy   -258 2L -144 3L -26
eur/jpy   -172
gbp/nzd -283 have 2nd L ea waiting to enter
nzd/cad  -229 2nd L -48

nzd/jpy    -151 2nd L 0
nzd/usd -308   2L -126 3L + 26

TOTALS
total for day     +   68
for the week      +  68
for the month  +1442
Carry over               -2319

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
Yes, I am experimenting Sixth entries in Blessings with lower TFs like M15 and it is working fine so far but there are so many variables to test, it is just impossible to keep track. Blessings has some nice feature.

My preference for lower TF  (120 bars range) is simply because range keeps moving with the bars so entry is somewhat current and it is possible to get entry in both directions if use  2EAs!

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
Thanks for the article. I guess I dont really understand volume that much but I am willing to read and study. So keep up the good information. Maybe some day I will understand.

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
OK nice day I hope price turn around is happening finally. Will keep plugging away.

RESULTS
aud/chf +54

aud/jpy +40
aud/usd +27
nzd/chf +61

nzd/jpy  +43

nzd/usd +52
Sells
nzd/cad
Buys

cad/chf

STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad -259 2L -118 -5
aud/jpy   -113 (2nd)
chf/jpy   -258 2L -144 3L -26
eur/aud +2
eur/jpy   -172
gbp/chf -4

gbp/nzd -241 2nd L -9
nzd/cad  -239 2nd L -55

nzd/jpy    -99
nzd/usd -282   2L -100

TOTALS
total for day     + 277
for the week      +  345
for the month  +1719
Carry over               -2122

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
Yes, the concept of using Bob's Sixth's as a major indicator is working well.  Blessings is awesome but so complicated like you said.  I will test the lower timeframe's to see what works.

I was trading Bob's EA off 5M chart on ECN, and boy, was it good.    However, for some reason the 15M kept blowing up....  Strange eh..

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
Hi Bob, sorry that I have to resurface this up again after so long. Been thinking about it and it simply doesn't make sense. If i'm using a 5 decimal system, (g 1.23003) a pip movement would be equilvalent to 0.00001 whereas in a 4 decimal system a pip would be 0.0001.

So the difference of 1 pip in a 4 and 5 decimal system is a tenth.

4 decimal 25pip?

5decimal 250pips?

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
hi orionhan..you have it right for the 4 & 5 decimal point calculation..

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
5decimal - 250 pipettes = 25 pips

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
I think I am the most vocal disciple and enthusiastic advocate of your system. The system does not need changing since it has proven itself over and over. If I have had losses it is because I have not adhered to the rules or I missed something in the instructions. It would be crazy to change something which is working as it should. Having said that it does not mean that further improvements and fine tuning is not needed.

At present we rely on mathematical indicators to identify OS and OB conditions for our entry and exit rules. IMHO a further aid in determining change of the trend direction and retraces would increase profitability and reduction of losing trades. using additional mathematical indicators (e.g. Schaff, Aroon, RSX, W%R, etc) is just a duplication of WBR indicator which is already used. I am not familiar enough with Volume spread analysis in forex to make a definite judgment, however, there seem to be a large number of people who use this method in their trading with +ve results. I do not want to overload the thread with large volume of materials, therefore, I will post short articles that may shed more light on the concept.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
Sorry guys a pip is a pip adding a decimal place does not change a pip but just adds a tenth place to it. 25 pips in 4 decimals is 25.0 in five decimals. Macman definition is the best 250 pipettes equals 25 pips. LOL love it. In my opinion the 5th decimal is just garbage advertising, you think your getting some kind of fraction value but it allows brokers to expand the spread for a split second at the time of trade, either open or close, but advertise we hold this spread 99.9% of the time. It is gimmick advertising when the program can enlarge the spread for a split second open/close the trade and then go back to the low spread again. Your still paying the higher spreads. It is why the MPTM is getting a lot of trade context is busy signals and you have to wait several seconds and sometimes minutes to get your SL moved up. The constant moving around the spread is qualifying and unqualifying the signal. Nice move on their part to stop or slow down these more advanced EA systems.

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
Your good in posting this material but it is something other than a form of moving average. Therefore if there is something there that helps qualify a trade it will gives a perspective that indicators will not or from an angle indicators cant. Anyway dont know how to add that but I am thinking.

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
If pips matter more than profit, ZAR, HKD and MXN pairs can take care of that.

Nanningbob - just wanted to say "thank you!" for this thread, I've learned quite a few things and picked up few indicators, although I don't trade the NB H4 system.

But this thread have certainly helped me with counter-trend trading, I used to be scared as hell those trades, now I'm not and I pick up some extra pips I would have left behind with my own method.

Thanks a lot!

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
OK guys after beating my brains out trying to get a trend system working I am going to take a rest. However, here is a heads up on version 5. I am going back to the 40MA BB using the sixths indicator as a filter. As you can see by the two pics you can see how filtering using the outside lines of the BB bands when they are outside the orange lines gives very good trades as compared to the 6x6. I will try to post the EAs and everything for 4 and 5D versions this weekend. So this is where I think my best entrances are. Most currency pairs will provide one or two trades a week. Let me know what you think. Pic 1 shows standard entrances and pic 2 shows how we stay out of a BB run by waiting for the BB bands to  go outside the lines.

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
Thank you, I have also learned a lot from you guys also. I learn more by sharing than by hiding what I think are Forex secrets. I know its not perfect but I at least am making some money.

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
This looks good and make a lot of sense. i will try that.

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
I do not know what it is with us amateur traders that we like to have a large number of trades! Surely any child can tell you it is better to have 1 winning trade a week rather than 20 losing and 15 winning trades a week! Maybe it is only me but this is the general impression I get and it is very much true in my own case. As your examples show by combining 6th indicator with 40 BB Lines the accuracy of the system is increased. Surely this is the way forward.

I would not worry in developing a trend system, after all please correct me if I am wrong but by counter trend trading we are in effect trend trading the new trend rather than trading the old exhausted trend!!!!!!

Finally, I was thinking it would be useful to have a EA for the manual (Secondary) trades to be used in conjunction with mptm whereby if the trade is closed by hitting its SL after BE +10 the trade is then reentered. Maybe a new input of immediate entry in one of existing EAs? I hope this does make sense.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
I am thinking of resting the MPTM for this and adding some of my trend trading thoughts. We could set the MPTM for trend trades (specific magic numbers and let the 40 MA BB bands be separate deal. You will see this when I add the TP EA to this system. After the trade is set you will go to a lower  TF that will monitor the trade for you and take you out with a MA cross on the lower trade. That way if you get a run you are always in and if you dont it will take you out in a better position than the MPTM would. Just a thought for now.

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
Hi Bob...I had already started using the 40ma BB's shited 1 on certain pairs with success..

I don't have the time to do a lot of experminting/analysis, so keep up the good work that we are enoying...

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
Got rid at BE my 2nd and 3L Chf/jpy. Depending on what it does I have the option of waiting for a better exit on L1 or catching a retracement later. NZD/CAD, Aud/Cad, NZD/USD, may take out those 1st levels if I dont get some retracement soon. Have not done a 2.4.2 recovery this month so I guess I am due. The last two months sure have been ugly to trade but that is Forex trading. We look for better times.

Dont know if anyone here cares but the USA soccer team won last night. YEAH.

RESULTS
chf/jpy 2L -62 3L +56

eur/aud +31
eur/jpy   -18
gbp/chf +50

gbp/nzd 2nd L -2

Sells
gbp/usd PR also qualifies as BB trade. I will wait for it to cross the BB back inside.
Buys

Aud/Nzd PR

Cad/Chf PR see note below

Eur/Nzd qualifies but I aint touching it.

eur/gbp 2nd also qualifies as BB trade. I will wait for it to cross the BB back inside.

USD/CHF 2nd but I am not taking this one either, it just looks ugly as a trade, price movement stinks right now.

USD/JPY PR
STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad -375 2L -234 L3-121
aud/jpy   -88
cad/chf (did not enter by 6x6 but entering now at bottom BB band) 0
chf/jpy   -201
gbp/nzd -148
nzd/cad  -398 2nd L -215  3L -24

nzd/jpy    -123
nzd/usd -362   2L -180 3L 0

TOTALS
total for day        +   55
for the week        +   400
for the month   +1774
Carry over                   -  2469

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
Missed the chance last night to exit AUD/USD trade for a zero out, was lazy and didnt set a TP, which is just silly really.

Just opened a 2nd level on AUD/CAD also - looking for a retracement here

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
That is a good idea, mPTM had its +ve and -ve sides. On the +ve side it made a lot of pips on market fluctuations, so in theory it could make 100 pips where the price was moving in a 30 pip band. On the other had when we had a large move it could lose pips by closing and opening and in the process losing the spread pips which in some pairs such as AUDNZD could have been over 12 pips. I am anxiously waiting for your next master piece.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
Eliminated a lot of DD and took out some extra levels today so that was good. Gotta go teach.

RESULTS
aud/jpy -81 decided to close this one out

eur/gbp +29

gbp/nzd +72
nzd/jpy -44 had a BE but missed it

nzd/usd -97 +76
Sells

eur/cad PR
Buys

Aud/Nzd PR forgot to put the EA on maybe 15-25 pips

Cad/Chf PR not entered yet

Cad/jpy PR

STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad -333 2L -192 L3 -80
cad/chf -63
chf/jpy -191

gbp/usd +14
nzd/cad -360 2nd L -177 3L +14

nzd/usd -265 2nd L 0
USD/JPY -29

TOTALS
total for day -45
for the week +355
for the month +1729
Carry over - 1662

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
got rid all by DD this week, made a measily 5 pips or something, but considering at one time I was down 300+ pips, this is a good result.

another successful application of the 2.4.2 system.

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
Sure beats taking stop losses.

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
I have been reading FF, TSD and other forums for over 2.5 years and what is for certain is that the brokers hunt SL as a matter of routine. If you do not believe me go to http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=70582 for details of the virtual dealer plug in offered by MT4.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
I forgot to post my Friday results. Sorry. I have version 5 book about half finished so getting there. A handful of new trades, and took some small profits. Now that the G20 meetings are done maybe the market will release itself and unwind a bit. If I get rid of this DD it will end up being a nice month even though it was very tough to trade. See you tomorrow.

RESULTS

Cad/jpy PR +25

gbp/usd     +46

nzd/usd     +33
Sells

gbp/usd PR

eur/usd PR

chf/jpy 2nd

aud/usd 2nd
Buys

STILL IN OR REENTERD

Aud/Nzd PR -46
aud/cad -341 2L -200 L3 -87
cad/chf -90
chf/jpy -191 2ndL at MA cross

eur/cad PR -72
nzd/cad -373 2nd L -190 3L +0

nzd/usd -372 2nd L 0
USD/JPY -55

TOTALS
total for day    +104
for the week   +459
for the month +1833
Carry over    - 2027

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
Here are some of my views on EAs so you can better understand where I come from at times. A debate on another thread.

That's a very limited view. An EA can use time, open of sessions, breakouts, key levels which are not at all indicators.

Time, so let me ask you, you enter at 300 every day? Time may determine when you want your EA to turn on or off but it does not determine how you enter a trade. If you say I do a buy every day at 300 on the EUR/USD no one would take your method seriously. It is not an indicator used to determine your entrance or exit. Same with open sessions, what do you have an EA that says do a sell every day on the GBP USD at the beginning of the USA session?? No one would take that seriously either Again it does not determine entrances or exits only when you want the EA to come on or off. It is an irrelevant to the debate.

Breakouts would be based on previous highs and lows based on some indicator. If the present high is greater then the previous candle high (attach any time frame I dont care) could be written in the code as this: if Bid is greater than the 1 Moving Average High of the previous candle then enter a buy. That is one way an EA is coded to do that trade. If your criteria is different than that, it still takes some form of MA indicator to enter the trade. So you didnt understand how you would even code the EA to do that entrance.

Key levels are all determined by where groups of candles meet. I already told you how Pivots, Fibs are coded. Obviously you dont understand how those lines are determined in a programming code. When a programmer codes an EA, indicator, etc. there are determining factors which you have to write to make the event happen. Those factors are determined by MA averages and/or math formulas of those MA. That is how an EA is written. Those lines, bars, candles, etc. you see on the screen that move with time like MA, STO, MACD, etc. use MA in the code to determine their lines, bars, candles, etc. OR they fix those lines in time like Pivots, Fibs, etc. and they are set on the screen for a time period until enough new info comes in to change them. With FIbs its a newer high or low, with pivots its a new time period. That is how they are coded in an EA. You may not understand the guts of how an EA works but that is how a programmer has to look at it. What causes an EA to enter or exit a trade, some kind of math formula based on some kind of input of averages. That is how they work. Once you fix those in a code then the weaknesses of that coding procedure or formula will then pop up over time. So all EAs will have a weakness and can be beaten under certain market conditions. Some things just can not be coded.

So do I use EAs, yes, am I successful with them, yes, but I only use them under certain market conditions and turn them off when those conditions are not met. There are some things that just cannot be coded into a formula. That is the weakness of any and all EA systems. The key to successfully using EAs is to know their weaknesses and then deal with them and let the successful part just run. However, if you dont want to understand or acknowledge their weaknesses you will never be successful with them. That is my point. http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/s.../yim/happy.gif

Another fallacy. The lagging indicators are derivatives of price. There are leading indicators, like fibs or S/R, which have nothing to do with averages.

You need to read a good article on how FIBS are designed. They are a math formula of a previous high and low on a high TF, that is a fact. The Math formula is an average of the points in between and then fixed in time. That is what a MA is. A math formula of previous information. A 5 MA is a math formula of the last 5 bars. A 10MA is math formula of the last 10 bars. A Fib is a math formula of the previous high compared to the previous low over a certain time period. That high and low is then entered into a math formula and the average is plotted on the screen as a line. The 23.6 line is a 23.6 % average of the high and low. The 50 line is a 50% average and so on. Those lines will change depending on the TF you use. I am not a fib guy once you understand what makes it work you realize it is nothing and has nothing to do with price or the future.

S/R are based on several different types of indicators. Some take the previous highs and lows that gather in a certain area and average them out to form a Support or Resistance line. (did you see the word average again). Others can be based on an indicator (which is designed on some math formula based on averages) and then draws a line. (Fractal S/R) Fractals are based on a math formula and draws a nice little dot or arrow on your screen when that math formula is met. When you are a programmer to make things work you have to come up with Math formulas and averages to do them. That is why my statement stands as stated. To write an EA you have to use indicators that are based on MA averages to make them work. Nothing you have said changes that statement.

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
Had a decent day. I am going to start using my profits to close out some of my DD. I am getting rid of the NZD/USD and 1L NZD/CAD. I see some possible iffy trades out there but nothing I liked so I am not planning on entering any new trades today. The CHF pairs are offering some stuff but dont like how it is moving right now. Put a nice dent in my DD though. I will look for a new entrance for NZD/CAD for my 2nd L later today.

RESULTS

Aud/Nzd PR +50

eur/cad PR  +51

eur/usd PR  +65

nzd/cad +66

nzd/usd -300 +56
nzd/cad -314
Sells

Buys

STILL IN OR REENTERD

aud/usd       +3
aud/cad    -316 2L -175 L3 -61
cad/chf    -145
chf/jpy     -281  +4

gbp/usd     -65
nzd/cad   -220

USD/JPY    -55

TOTALS
total for day -326
for the week   -326
for the month +1507
Carry over    - 1311

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
HI BOB

I have the same problem with the DD, got over confident and over traded following the fantastic results of 3 weeks ago and despite your advice delved into EUR and CHF pairs and ever since then trying to play catch up. The lesson learned is do not get over confident, do not enter too many trades and most importantly LISTEN TO BOB`S Advice.

Any update on the release of version 5? I am like a kid who has been promised a new playstation. Just can not wait.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
Version 5 is becoming a big project, it will have more ideas than 1-4 put together. I finally have a way to read the BB runner that plagued version 1. I am working on getting the EA to work properly sometimes it is entering sometimes not. Dont know why. The book part is halfway done but the most critical parts are finished with it except the Take Profit section. I also want to write a section on previous problem trades that are now easier to spot with the new system. I may have to put this thing out in sections because of its size. The other problem is I have Final exams this week and the beginning of the next week for the University I teach in and then I am done for the summer. So I spent yesterday doing grades instead of my little project. Any way I will start a whole new thread so we dont get all these things mixed up.

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
Lots of trades out there today so have fun.

RESULTS
aud/cad 2L -17 L3 +48

aud/usd       +108
chf/jpy    +72
Sells

USD/CAD

eur/cad
Buys

USD/CHF (maybe dont like the chf right now some banker has a big mouth)

nzd/jpy

nzd/chf

gbp/chf

eur/gbp

cad/chf

cad/jpy

aud/jpy

aud/chf
STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad    -213
cad/chf    -370
chf/jpy     -252

gbp/usd     -25
nzd/cad   -181

USD/JPY    -124

TOTALS
total for day   +211
for the week   -115
for the month +1718
Carry over       - 1165

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
WOW!!! It seems Version 5 will be very comprehensive system covering every aspect of the trader`s activity in greater detail than previous versions. I am glad you are starting a new thread and we can finally say good bye to the annoying poll with its silly results (I now know why most thread masters do not opt for it), I do hope my fellow traders appreciate all your hard work and show it by giving the thread 5 star rating it deserves.

As far as the EA goes I am very annoyed that I have not got a clue in this regard and can not offer any input. If you are stuck it may be an idea to pm SteveHopwood and ask him to give a hand, I do know he has the highest regard for you and respects your depth of knowledge. I once asked him why he spends so much of his valuable time helping people with EAs and creating new EAs based on different strategies without asking for anything in return. He said that with each project in creating or improving an EA he obtains a better grasp and understanding of the dynamics of the forex market and that is rewarding enough for him.

kind regards

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
WOW that was an ugly day. Wasnt home for the fireworks so didnt get a chance to have a heart attack. US home sales down 30%, didnt see that one coming, usually the market is quiet before NFP but not today. I hate news driven markets, very unpredictable, not entering any more trades for now but going to look for my best exits and get out. If my 2nd levels can pick up 50 to 100 points between now and the beginning of the USA session I will be getting out. This is starting to look like OCT. 2008 all over again. I am setting all my trades for 0 losses at the TP and see what I can do. Not a good start for the month so looking to get out of as many trades today before NFP. Tonight could be more fireworks.

RESULTS

gbp/chf  -90 2ndL +90
Sells

Buys

STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad    -251
aud/chf  -265  2nd L 0

aud/jpy  -173  2nd L 0

cad/chf  -295  2nd L 0

cad/jpy  -154  2nd L 0
chf/jpy     -313 2ndL -84

eur/cad -249 2nd L 0

nzd/jpy   -90

nzd/chf  -202  2nd L 0

USD/JPY    -233 2nd L -111

TOTALS
total for day        0
for the week            0
for the month      0
Carry over          - 2420

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
June 2010 +1116 tough month to trade but we made profit.
2010 total +8598

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
I accidentally wiped out one days report. Instead of reply I edited and saved. My mistake. my report is above. Be prepared tonight to hedge your account if you cant close out some trades. I will decide what I will do about an hour or two before the USA open.

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
Here is a preview version of 5.0 This is not the final version but section 1. I want to post this part in a new thread but I need people to read and check it out first. It is 27 pages long but I think it will be exciting. If you have any comments or suggestions please send them to Nanningbob@msn.com. I will upgrade section 1 and then open a new thread for it. Once you see this you will understand why I want to start a new thread. Please try testing the EAs on a demo account both 4D and 5D and see how they perform.

Thanks guys,

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
Thanks very much BOB. It does look exciting indeed. I will load it up on demo over the weekend and test it next week. you idea of combining the 6th indicator with BB is pure genius and as mentioned should reduce the DD and bad trades. The only side effect is less trades, however, it is better to have less trades which are winners rather than lot of trades which are losers.

I have been told that most professional traders will be more than happy with a profit of 200 to 250 pips a week. It may not look much but if you get it consistently week in week out  it is 13,000 pips in a year say at 5 cents a pip on a $1000 account is a profit of $650.00 or 65% return. Will report any bugs. Have a great weekend.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
NB, great job with version 5, adding BB to sixths is a simple stroke of genius.

few observations.

1- you can remove the following code to remove the invisible black line from sixths indi.

ObjectCreate("threesixth",1,0,TimeCurrent(),High[120]);

ObjectSet("threesixth",OBJPROP_COLOR,Black);

ObjectSet("threesixth",OBJPROP_STYLE,STYLE_SOLID);

ObjectSet("threesixth",OBJPROP_WIDTH,2);

2- try testing with the bbsqueeze indi, combining with the sixths, it gives a great hint regarding the direction of the price break. When the bands are squeezed markets are ready for a huge move, but it is very hard to tell which direction the market is going to break, usually there is a initial fake out ...

For me this is the greatest benefit of this system.

3- 4D mptm files need to be placed in proper folder.

Thank you sir for a wonderful effort.

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
I dont have that indi, if you could post it I will be happy to look at it.

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
here are a couple indis,

there are a few threads here  and several websites selling systems based on them.

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
At this point I did not know if I wanted to remove that line or not. So I made it black for now. I may just // it out to leave it in if we need to use it later. I am still working on the TP section and dont know if I want it there or not.

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
I'm sure you are aware that Steve Hopwood and others have used the information from your version 5 to develop an indicator. I haven't looked at it yet but it sounds like it may be helpful, check it out at:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=243432

Got the coming week off so I will have time again to read up and run some tests. If you need anything just let me know.

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
Steve is working on EAs just for this system. We are working together, Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
That is a very very good news, I am sure your joint collaberation will be very fruitfull.

kind regards

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
I wanted to stop by to tell you how good your system is !

You have developped a fantastic trading system, outstanding!

Having developped the "Trade Signals" indicator over this week-end with Steve, based on your V5 doc, I wanted to have your input on some questions i have been asking myself while working on it:

- what do you think about the "StochasticMACD" line that i coded to allow the MACD to directly compare with the 15/85 stochastic limits ?

It behaves a bit differently than the MACD line itself when you plot both on the same window, due to the automatic "refocus" that MT4 applies to keep the MACD line in the window.

The StochasticMACD will not have this refocus issue as it is normalized to 0..100 range, which was the whole idea of developping it.

However, the MACD line will change aspect if you scroll the screen left and right, which makes the decision to determine if it is "over the 85 stoch line" or "below the 15 stoch line" quite unreliable sometimes, as the MACD may well appear to be in >85 or <15 zone at some point, and then later on appear on the no-trading zone for the SAME candle.

How do you address this issue ?

On the other hand, the StochasticMACD line will get "saturated" earlier, which is the classic flaw of all stachastic oscillators.

The line looks quite distorted sometimes compared to the MACD itself.

Thanks for your time.

SQ

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
First thank you for your work and contributions. They are appreciated very much. The sto/macd was designed around the principle that Sto was an indicator that was too early in its signals and the MACD was too late in its signals so I put them together to get the best of both worlds. It works very well in ranging markets and fairly well in some trending markets. When those lines cross you have a very good chance of price reversal. However, like all MA based indicators they are not good in super news stories. (NFP is not a super news story, USA housing market sales dropping 30% is). Right now the market is being dominated by news stories so indicators are taking a beating. If countries start going bankrupt or need emergency loans to stay afloat or countries start moving their interest rates quickly to compensate, indicators cannot keep up with such news or accurately report what is happening until it is too late.

Anyway I have used this indicator for years and am used to its nuances. Now fixing the MACD like Sto will be interesting to look at and I will do that. I have final exams this week at the university I am teaching at, finishing with grades and then I will give this my 100% undivided attention. Meanwhile I put the first section out early so I could benefit from the wisdom of traders and programmers like you and others. I want to fine tune this into a consistent system. I can already tell you where my concentration is going to be. It is going to be on the outer bands of the BB. How does a 1,2, or 3 MA median interact with it and does it give us a clue whether it will bounce off of the bands or will it run up the bands. If it does it solves the conundrum of BB, ie. will price bounce off of the bands or will it run up/down the band. Even if it filters out 50% of the runners that is 50% we dont have to deal with in DD. The other side of my contribution will be when price does come back inside the BB outer bands how will we trade it? Those are the areas I want to put my attention to. The other areas, if guys like you can improve, I am all for it. So yes that is what I wish for.

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
Cant believe I havent updated this but been busy with finals OK yestereday was the Fourth so markets didnt do to much.

Decided just to add a couple of trades for today.
RESULTS

aud/chf  2nd L +10

aud/jpy  -73  2nd L +100

nzd/chf  -122  2nd L +80

nzd/jpy   -0
Sells

usd/cad
Buys

aud/jpy

nzd/chf

nzd/jpy
STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad    -175
aud/chf  -369  2nd L 0

cad/chf  -311  2nd L -26

cad/jpy  -254  2nd L -100
chf/jpy     -251 2ndL -22

eur/cad -322 2nd L -73

USD/JPY    -253 2nd L -131

TOTALS
total for day -5
for the week-5
for the month      -5
Carry over          - 2287

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
Hi BOB

IMHO profitability of the system is quite satisfactory and the way to improve this further is to reduce DD. It may be stating the obvious and judging by your writings, I believe this is your opinion as well.

As you may recall in May a few of my fellow traders and I had large DD problem with NZD pairs. At present we have the same problem with CHF pairs. As a result of this I planning to try to avoid entering into trades with similar correlation in future (e.g. if trading AUDCHF would avoid trading CADCHF or NZDCHF). Needless to say by doing this if the trades are +ve there will be less profit but with -ve trades there will be less DD. I would like to have your thoughts regarding this idea.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
There are two ways of doing this. The way I do it is I trade all of them but in very small amounts, nickels or dimes. Sometimes the DD may seem like a large number but money wise it amounts to several hundred dollars. Not enough to break me. If you choose only one you probably then would go with higher lot sizes. Now pip wise it may seem smaller DD but money wise you probably will see the same. The reason I do all of them is I dont know which ones will move a lot and which ones will move a little. I may get 25 pips on nzd/usd and 75 on nzd/chf and the next day nzd/usd may go 50 and nzd/chf 10. Or worse yet nzd/usd will go +40 and nzd/chf -75. So that is why I play most of them.

Again we are not in a normal market, it is very news driven and very very difficult to trade. We always want to make improvements but DD is part of the business or taking a SL is part of the business. Those are your choices.

One of the things about versoin 5 is BB entrances give you an extra 40-80 pip better entrance than an MA cross but the MA cross helped keep you out of the trades on BB runs. You sacrifice one advantage to take advantage of another. To me the 6ths indicator gives the advantage back to BB. We use it to help filter out some of these runs but it wont eliminate all of them.

The second part of version 5 is I am going to 2 levels instead of three. When  price runs up the band and you use the #2 EA to enter when price comes back inside. Rarely if ever will price do another BB run. It is a rare event so the 2nd L should get you out of trouble and close to break even most of the time. I am not even going to put a third level EA in the system. If you want a third level you will need to add that yourself by going into the EA changing the magic number and lot size. So that is how the vision is developing. 2.4.2 recovery is going to become 1.2. ???

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
This is for the people who have voted against the system for full details see in another thread http://www.forexfactory.com/search.p...nduser&u=92663

If you guys know of any other system where a return of 250% in one year is proven please let us know.

Kind regards.

PS testing the Version 5 past 4 day, only taking primary trades only ibfx live penny account had 2 trades thus far EURUSD SELL 50 pips profit and EURCAD SELL 20 pips profit, no losing trades. No bugs thus far, the only problem was the new 6ths indicator was not displaying the middle line so I substituted version 3.5.

I use SL to take profits by constantly moving it up when the trade is in profit. In this version when trades were closed the EA did not reenter automatically. Is this a feature of the new system? If it is we can call it an improvement since with the previous EAs the reentry was automatic regardless of whether the conditions were still met or not, whereas now if the conditions are no longer in place it would not reenter.

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
version 5 only enters at the BB bands so once in profit it will not reenter unless price moves back up to the BB outer band. It is not based on a MA cross like the previous versions.

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
Dear Bob,

I'm  a  new-hand, I don't know where and how to place the MTPM  folder for version 5 .I look for it in your instructions but still have no answer.I'm eagerly waiting for your kindly explaining.Thank you .

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
Those are EAs and go into the Experts folder

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
Sorry but I wont be able to update right now today. Something has come up. Hopefully I will get to this later.

Bob
RESULTS

aud/chf  2nd L +10

aud/jpy  -73  2nd L +100

nzd/chf  -122  2nd L +80

nzd/jpy   -0
Sells

usd/cad
Buys

aud/jpy

nzd/chf

nzd/jpy
STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad    -175
aud/chf  -369  2nd L 0

cad/chf  -311  2nd L -26

cad/jpy  -254  2nd L -100
chf/jpy     -251 2ndL -22

eur/cad -322 2nd L -73

USD/JPY    -253 2nd L -131

TOTALS
total for day -5
for the week-5
for the month      -5
Carry over          - 2287[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
Bob, I have been demo-ing your system and while it is AMAZING, (respect to all your hard work) - I'm still frightened by the level 2, level 3 drawdown component. The tweak I have been considering to overcome that is to initially trade the runners until they reverse, rather than to expect them all to immediately reverse.  Your system absolutely nails the point at which we should consider trading either a reversal or continuation of a trend and that is its great strength.

Adopting a trade the trend before the reversal approach will solve the problem of super news stories as well, because you will be in the trade in the right direction while it happens until the reversal, at which point you would stop and reverse your trade.

Basically - price in the right sixths range, and moving outside the BBs, with MACD and Stochs lined up - then start with a trade in the direction of the current trend, then stop and reverse the trade when your EA would enter for the reversal trade.

If you are working with Steve Hopwood on a refined EA, please consider adding this variant (without or without your 2 4 2,  3 level system), because i think it would remove the one weakness of your system.

If you want to discuss further feel free to PM me.

regards

f451

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
Cleaned out a lot of dead wood. I am going to trade out what I have and be done with version 4. Will start Version 5 trades Monday. Sorry but I cant discuss, having some issues here at home. Sorry family and business must come first.
RESULTS

aud/jpy   +50

aud/chf  -219  2nd L +150

cad/jpy  -150  2nd L +50
chf/jpy     -200 2ndL +28

eur/cad -233 2nd L +18

nzd/chf   +21

nzd/jpy   +50

usd/cad +50
Sells

Buys

STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad    -340
cad/chf  -286  2nd L -1

USD/JPY    -198 2nd L -76

TOTALS
total for day -385
for the week-340
for the month      -340
Carry over          - 901

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
What will be your rules for this?? How do you know price will continue when it hits a BB band? If you enter a continue you have the same problem with your idea I have with mine if you take the reversal and it doesnt reverse? Do I take a SL or do I multi level trade? Here is a pic or the eur/usd for the last 4 weeks. 12 times price hit the BB band. Only once did it continue its run. My way 11 of the 12 you go into profit just on the BB alone and the one time it ran became a difficult BE I probably still be in that last trade. Your suggestion would put you in the hole 11 times out of 12. This is why trendtraders have a very hard time making money. Why would you want to do that over a 1 in 12 chance of it happening?????

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
What I'm suggesting is that when price crosses the BB initially enter in the direction of the trend UNTIL your EA enters for the reversal. At that point close the with trend trade, and enter the reversal trade. So you would have a series of short trades at each of the ticks you have marked on the chart, which close when your EA enters under the reversal conditions, and you would capture the long runner that one time in 12.

cheers

f451

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
Please go to any chart and count how many times your idea would actually work over a 4 month period and you will have your answer. Put your idea to the test, look at the charts and see how few times price actually runs up a BB. Runners are not that common and unless you know your fundamentals or news you will not know if or when they will happen. I am not going to try to keep up with news and  fundamentals (except interest rate and super news stories, NFP is not a super news story) on 20 some currency pairs. I love my odds just the way they are now. Look at how many times price just touched the line and reversed, 8 of them you would have gone into profit immediately with absolutely no time to  close the trade and reverse it again. Put your idea to the test, look at the charts, they will give you your answer.

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
Hey Nanning,

I cant seem to download V5 as it is coming up as a picture format. Can anyone assist with this please.

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
Hey nannybob read your work for a couple of hours and i'm pretty lost haha i notice this is a 2 years work of yours.

It'll be nice if you can tell me where should i start with

Domanic

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
We will be opening Version 5 thread soon and start fresh. Look at post 1936 for version 5 secton 1

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
I just downloaded it onto my computer so it is not the website.

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
This is for DOMANIC AND MIXER who have joined this thread recently.

To download the files if you get "attachment.php" please close it and use the PAPER Clip icon to download the files. It may be an idea to download version 4 before starting with version 5, although version 5 is pretty comprehensive.

When I saw this system for the first time I just glanced through the twenty odd pages and thought "too complicated, too complex". I suppose we all want things to be pretty straight forward and simple! It was after reading the document for the 2nd time (this time thoroughly) that I realized how simple, straightforward and comprehensive the system is. My guess is you have done the same thing. Please read the document thoroughly taking time to digest the concepts and the methodology. It will then be crystal clear.

Kind  Regards

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
Definitely agree, I am on the 3rd read and have intently studied the text and chart examples of version 5, also demo trading this at the same time, things are starting to make sense, this is very clever and has clear trading rules to follow. In the short period of time I have been looking at this trading method, I have made some successful demo trades, in fact I haven’t had a looser yet, When I become fully conversant with it and have forward tested it for some time, I hope to trade this on my live account.

Could somebody please point me in the right direction of this indicator below

Swingman’s indicator—Swingman developed an indicator, which draws lines on the screen when RWB meet the conditions of above/below the 85/15 lines.

Thank you very much nanningbob for this trading method, there are some very  kind and great people on this forum.

With Respect

Marshy.

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
You're right. Bob has come up with some great trading ideas.

Here you go - swingman's indicator

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
Thank you

Marshy.

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
I picked up 100+ pips on several trades using the new EAs. I am just trying to close out my trades with a good exit. So even though the losses may seem large they are actually smaller than they appear. But I am not reporting the winners because they are not part of version 4. For example the 3 GBP pairs had 4 nice trades yesterday Gpb/chf, gbp/jpy (2), gbp/usd. The USD/JPY also was a nice trade for 100+. Anyway my DD is down to one last trade. So when the reversals come the DD can disappear quickly. Normally I would not be closing all these out like this but I want to clear the board by Monday. Doesnt look like the EUR/AUD wants to cooperate though. I am hoping today is my last reporting day for the version 4 system.
RESULTS

cad/chf  -216  2nd L +72

USD/JPY    -128 2nd L -6

Sells

Buys

STILL IN OR REENTERD
aud/cad    -435  2L -26

TOTALS
total for day    -278
for the week   -618
for the month      -618
Carry over      -461

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
Version 1-4 totals for 11 months if closed today.
2009 total pips +5597
2010 total +8598

Total for 11 monts +14195

Minus July close out -1079

+13116 total pips for 11 months

The votes of the traders of Forex Factory for my system.

For         86

against  74

I wish the 74 who voted against the system and have a better system would post their trades everyday so I could do better.

Anyway, I am going to turn in all my grades this morning to the university. Close out all my unfinished business and leave this afternoon for Bei Hai. Gonna enjoy some good western food and one meal of Chinese seafood with a good doctor friend. Do some swimming in the ocean, sleep and ........................... get my favorite room with a computer and finish writing version 5. Ship the information to Mr. Hopwood and get the final EAs written. I really want to finish up my first rough drafts and get them out to my readers by Sunday night. There will be several suprises so here we go. I want to thank you all for your patience and suggestions. I really believe we are close to a very solid profitable system. Even my 2.4.2 recovery system is getting an overhaul.

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
Hi Bob

One week of testing VER5 on ibfx penny a/c. Closed for profit 298 pips. 7 open trades DD of 120 pips. Mixture of primary and secondary trades. IMHO we can safely move to VER5 EAs beacuse they seem to be doing the job without any issues. I am planning to play it more conservative with this version.

I hope your university duties and family issues get sorted out soon so we can see the second part of version 5.

Kind Regards

P.S. is it my imagination or are we seeing a large number of traders joining the thread and the system?

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
Yes since Steve Hopwood has worked on the EAs for this system his following is following the developments. He is developing an EA with the MPTM in the EA so each trade will have its own MTPM with it. This will be a major improvement over one MPTM running all the trades. I am really excited about how this is all coming together.

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
It is an exciting time in the development of your system. Steve has managed to attract a group of serious, intelligent traders who have in depth understanding of the forex market coupled with good coding skills. There are also some hangers on like me who try to keep up with the group without making a fool of themselves! Steve does not tolerate fools and they get banned straight away!

Getting back to the main issue, please find attached results of my live test for the last 7 days. 17 trades in total, 335 Pips profit with 15 winners and 2 losing trades (I clsoed the 2 losing trades prematurely just to close the test). I do not know if I am using the EAs in proper context, at present if the price is outside BB I use number 2 EA but if it moves back inside the BB I switch back to number 1 EA. Is this correct?

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
Yes and I am working on an EA for the BB bulge. When there is a run up the BB line bulges off the screen. I am developing an EA that will trade while we wait for the bulge to come back in. On a 4H chart that could be almost a week so a different EA for the bulges is being worked on also.

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
Good job!

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
OK closed everything out. Working now on version 5  Version 1-4 are now all accounted for. If everything works out hope to be trading Version 5 officially on Monday.
RESULTS
aud/cad    -325  2L +85

Sells

Buys

STILL IN OR REENTERD

TOTALS
total for day    -220
for the week   -838
for the month      -838
Carry over   0

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
I have been trading the 4.0 EA version and up 1140 pips this week alone with a remaining 800 pips or so in drawdown.  Up about 15% on my account now in 1.5 months.  NOT BAD!    Excited to see how this next version comes along.  Testing Steve's EA, but so far no luck testing it...  Probably doing something wrong.

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
thanks for you comments I am adding some notes on BB squeeze with the sixths but just mentioning it in version 5 book. Need more observations but please post your observations of how this indicator meshes with the chart. I have looked at it but havent digested it much. Too busy with the booklet.

The MPTM is being incorporated into the EAs so each trade will be governed by its own MPTM. Great work by Steve on this issue.

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
These are Steve's BB EA designed for this system. Need to know whether they work on ECN, 4 digit and 5 digit brokers. These are the #1 buy and sell EAs. Let me know if they are entering when price hits the 25 MA BB set on close on a 4H chart. Please report any problems. Thanks.

Bob

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
This is called the bomb EA. It is designed only for brokers that allow hedgeing. It hedges all trades that are over -100 pips in the hole and allow winning trades to run. It is designed to protect your account if a sudden disaster news story hits. For example some country filing for bankruptcy and the markets go nuts. You just turn on this MTPM and the negative trades are hedged and the winners are allowed to run. Hopefully you will have enough winning trads to over come the hedged trades. Only for emergencies but I need it tested on some demo accounts. Just put it on a demo with a bunch of trades and see if they hedge at -100. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
I do not anticipate taking any trades today because I will be traveling back to Nanning. I do have 3 of the 4 or 5 sections done and they will be emailed out to the proofreaders for comments and clarity. MSN is blocked here in Bei Hai so I have not been able to get to my MSN account for 3 days. I reported earlier that the MPTM and EA had been mixed together but that was an error on my part. Sorry for that report. I hope to finish section 4 today and section 5 later in the week. As soon as the first 3 sections are proof read and changes made I will post them. Thank you for your patience. I go to Hong Kong on Thursday to meet my wife back from the USA so I want to have this all done before I leave.

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
Hi Bob

Thanks for all your hard work. Normally, Steve`s EAs recognize 4 or 5 digit brokers automatically and for ECN you have to change to ECN criminal TRUE (steve refers to bucket shop brokers as criminals). I presume we use these for both inside and outside BB and the 50pip TP is just a default suggestion.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
Hi

i coded a variant of the Sixths Lines indicator, that you may find useful.

It draws the classic Sixths Lines: Gold and Green Lines, but also plots additional Blue Lines at the price extreme points (Sixths levels 0 and 6 in fact).

However, instead of plotting the lines as horizontal lines, which have no left/right limits, it plots trendlines, limited on the left to BarCount bars, so this shows what is the price period actually used to determine all Sitxhs lines, and it will also plot dashed lines for extensions of the Sixths lines in the "future", where the "present" is materialized by a vertical dot line that i called the "SixthAnchorTime" line.

As you will see, it plots this "SixthAnchorTime" line at roughly 4/5th of the screen time extent, so you can actually see the "future lines"on the right side.

These lines will track scrolling actions (at every new tick, though).

This allows to scroll along the chart and have the Sixths lines and Future lines updated to fit the part of the chart you are looking at.

This is nothing new, it is already in previous versions of the Indi; but i thought it would be worth mensionning, as you may feel like it is not updating sometimùes, but that's only because there is no new tick to "kick" the indicator...

So, over the week-end, it will simply NOT track your moves -- you'll have to kick it "manually" (ctrl-I, Edit, OK, Close).

You can zoom-in or zoom-out, the lines will keep their values based on the BarCount.

Here is 2 examples, with and without zooming-in;

"classic" zoom (~4 weeks of H4 bars on chart):
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

zoomed-out:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

SQ

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
Just out of curiosity...

I've been playing with the Sixths Lines Indicator and the derived "Trade Direction Finder" indicator that we wrote with Steve (available on Steve's thread here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=3849813 )

Looking at how the Sixths Lines are drawn, I noticed that it would just be another form of Stochastic oscillator...

Here is the thing:

the Sixths lines devide the screen into 6 identical price areas, taking the highest and lowest as extreme prices.

The "gold lines" are at 1/6 and 5/6 of price extent over the "screen duration".

The "screen duration" is approx. 120 bars, if we follow Bob's doc

-- ~4 weeks of H4 chart, that's 4*5*24/4 = 120 H4-bars.

We take as part of the trade signal the fact that price should be above(resp below) the higher(resp lower) gold line.

These lines are the result of the last ~120 bars price action.

And the gold lines are drawn at 16%(~1/6) and 84%(~5/6) of the price extent over these ~120 bars.

To me, this is quite the same as taking the STOCHASTIC(120bars) of the price line, and consider the 16 and 84 levels as the gold lines.

Try drawing a stochastic(120) (set %K=120, %D=1 and Slowing=1, and just show the main line).

You will clearly see that price crosses Sixths gold lines exactly when the stochastic(120) crosses the 16/84 levels.

Here is an example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I also attached a template that will load the Sixth "future" indi and the sto(120).

SQ

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
The sixth line is based on the height of the chart. It is based on whatever formula MT4 is using for its screens. I do not know that formula. Other indicators (pivots, Fib. etc) use the previous high/low of price but the 6ths uses the high and low of the chart screen plus added distance to make the screen visually appealing. So it is the high and low of price action plus adding space above/below these two points based on the volatility of the pair being used.

The indicator is interesting you have created but is there a way to make it more visually appealing like the line crossing in the middle of the indicator rather than near the bottom?? That would make it easy to read and if we called that a 50 line the rule would be simple cross the 50 line up buy, cross the 50 line down sell, set TP just short of the next line, set SL just above the line you crossed. That indi could be an interesting development. Good work.

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
Hi Bob,

Are you talking about the green stochastic oscillator in the bottom part of the screenshot ?

That's just a regular Stochastic indicator, just like your blue and white stochastics in your docs, with the settings i mentionned (%K=120, %D=1, Smoothing=1, no color for signal line), along with 2 lines levels set to 16 and 84 -- that's probably close enough to the 15/85 of the white/blue stochastic to have this sto(120) plotted on the SAME sub-window actually...

If you're talking about the "Sixths Future" indi, then i have no way of making lines plot anywhere else than where the price line drives it.

In "standard V5 zoom" (4 weeks of H4 bars on the screen, first screenshot), then it is exactly the same as the previous Sixths indis, with the Blue lines in addition (and future dashed lines).

When zoomed out, these will be drawn wherever price is.

Perhaps i misunderstood your question ?

Please clarify if this is the case.

As for entering + setting the TP and SL levels, we could very well use the Gold line crossback on retrace to enter the trade (this idea was sent to me by PM lately) and use the next green line as TP and Blue as SL.

This gives us a somewhat "decent" constant R:R ratio of 1.

I have volontarily let the BB plotted too in the template, so we can see how price moves towards the opposite BB after the retrace, and see where price crosses first the green line, or the BB.

We could exit the trade when price hits the opposite BB, or the green line, whichever comes first.

If price does not retrace enough to cross the green line, then it will surely hit the BB because BB will narrow down as price action is slowing.

We could use the same for SL rule: hit blue line, or hit the opposite BB, whichever comes first -- yes, the same opposite BB as for TP rule: if price turns around after a small retrace only (we had a false signal), then the BB will continue in the same initial direction (trend continuation), and the opposite BB (down BB for a sell at high gold line) will cross price quite quickly, and probably not too far against us.

This is just my observation after having played with all these indis (blue stochs + stochastic MACD, and the moving SixthsFuture lines) for several days now.

I'm eeger to read your next (exit) rules chapters !

SQ

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
Here is the Indicator that Steve Hopwood and I developped last week for the NNBv5 system.

We initially posted an earlier version of this indicator in "Steve Hopwood's Fib Target-level retracement auto-trader: compliments Simon" thread).

Here is the "User's guide":

- put the .mq4 in your (MT4-platform)/experts/indicators folder;

- compile it, or close+restart MT4 to have it compiled;

- Recommended Chart is H4 (although it will give (different)signals on other TF).

It plots ENTRY SIGNAL ARROWS when NNBv5 system entry conditions are met;

It draws an "EXIT Line" showing the typical exit levels;

It draws the "SixthsFuture" Lines, as in Squalou's "SIXTHS SQ.mq4" indicator, so you won't need to load this Indi manually;

- ENTRY signals:

- price is beyond NNB's "Sixths Lines" Indicator's Gold Line (upper Gold for SELL, lower Gold for BUY)

- Blue Stochastic is >=85(SELL) or <=15(BUY)

- StochasticMACD (developped by Squalou) is >=85(SELL) or <=15(BUY)

This version does NOT yet use the BB25 lines in its Entry signals;

- EXIT Line:

- default is to use the NEAREST GREEN Line at the time of the FIRST signal;

AND the opposite BB25 line ("ExitOnOppositeBB=true")

- OPTIONALLY, the BB25 line can be ignored, the exit line will then be the initial Green Line alone.

This version is EXPERIMENTAL, it's purpose is to fit to Bob's system first, WHICH IS NOT YET COMPLETELY THE CASE, see how it performs visually, and find possible improvements.

It will include refinements/modifications based on Bob's and other's remarks.

I have also attached a template file (goes to (MT4)/templates folder) that will load all the NNBv5 indicators and this one as well.

You will notice that it load an extra stochastic(120) green line, with additional 33/66 green levels:

this is to illustrate one of my previous posts about the sto(120) and SixthsLines similarity:

- when price crosses the Sixths Gold line, the sto(120) will also cross the 15/85 gold levels;

- when price crosses the Sixth Green Line, the sto(120) will also cross the 33/66 Green levels;

This helps easily spot past Sixth Lines crossings on the chart without having to scroll the chart with the SixthFuture indicator loaded.

FOR THOSE WHO WANT TO USE THE INDICATOR INTO AN EA:

you can try this:

Inserted Code //UP signals:

upsignal = iCustom(NULL,0,"NNBv5 Signals - Sq and Steve's Indicator", 0/*SignalUP*/,0);
if (upsignal != EMPTY_VALUE) your_buy_code_here(...);

//DOWN signals:

downsignal = iCustom(NULL,0,"NNBv5 Signals - Sq and Steve's Indicator", 1/*SignalDN*/,0);
if (downsignal != EMPTY_VALUE) your_sell_code_here(...);
SQ

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
Here is a preview to the first 3 sections. Grammar, spelling and clarifications have not been done yet but I am leaving for HK and I wanted everyone to get a chance to digest some of the things coming down. I am still working with Steve on getting each EA to work properly so that is the hold up right now. I am into section 4 and parts of section 5 have been written. Anyway please email me your comments, corrections etc. and I will try to get back to this when I get back from HK Saturday. Any changes or clarifications you recommend please use page numbers and which booklet you are referring to.

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
Hi Bob

Thanks very much. Hope you have an enjoyable time in HK and get a chance to relax for a while (do not think of forex!!!). We will go through the text and report back to you.

Wishing you safe journey

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
This is a great accompanyment to Nanningbobs R,W,B indicator.  Is there a way to add an email alert that is triggered when the line is painted on the chart?

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
Hi Bob,

got a few queries for the new version 5. With the MACD and BB band added the chart looks really complicated now. Will the new indicators provide a more accurate trade? I also notice the new ver5 has indicated buy and sell (gold lines) on the 2nd and 5th sections of the chart instead of the 1st and 6th previously. Any reason for that? I'm confused.

Regards,

Dave

ps: kudos to you and team who share your idea selflessly. You truly make the world a better place.

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
???? you change from MA to BB and the 6ths EA has not changed. The screen is basically the same except for that one change. You start your entrances higher up or  lower down off of the BB than waiting for the MA cross.  I dont understand why you would be confused. Am I missing something?? The new chanllenge is learning to read the BB.

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
I am in HK and will return Saturday. I am going to post Version 5 on a new thread starting Sunday. I will use the older version EA until I can get all of Steve's EAs working. Then I will make that switch. I will have the complete sections 1-3 done and hopefully put the final touches of sections 4 and 5 later in the week. Obviouslly this is taking longer than I had planned but I am seeing some neat stuff as I learn how to use the system.

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
Hi BOB

I have read the files couple of times and with the exception of few typos I can not locate any mistakes. As always it is well written and clear for all to understand. As for Steve`s EAs, despite loading them on a few charts I have not had them entering any trades (Both sell & Buy, inside and outside BB)!!! I do not know what is wrong. Has anyone had the same problem?

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
Hi Bob,

i am not here to contribute to the on going technical discussions pertaining to the newly released version 5. i simply just want to say a BIG THANK YOU once more. this is my second time of doing this. i have refused trying out any other system since i discovered yours 4 months ago because i believe its the best out there as it gives me the best idea of buying at the bottom and selling at the top so that most times, i am out with profits by the time others are just thinking of getting in. i use it with trendlines derived from the mouteki indicator and i tell u something, its a killing near perfect system. the only stress which i think is not perculiar to this system are those periods the market is exclusively driven by news/sentiments.they happen infrequently but one has to remain prepared by remaining cautious with lot sizes. the people voting down this system are either insane or just drunk. only if they know the goldmine they are trampling upon! all the best man and tanx for making consistent profiteering in forex a reality for me. up till april this year, i thought this was an impossibility!!!

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
Hi Squalou,

Many thanks for your code. I am incorporating it into an EA and I just wanted to know how I should define the variables upsignal and downsignal. Is 'double' ok?

Thanks

Noodles

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
My question would be simply this. Are you able to make the visualization an easier read? The lines are bouncing off of the bottom, if the crossing lines were more in the middle of the indicator it would be an  easier read. I understand on a long trend like that though the lines would be where they are.

Thnks,

Bob

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...38#post3881138

Version 5 is posted

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
I don't want to pollute the first page of your new thread so I'll post here.

Congratulations on what I'm sure will be another successful version of your system. Thank you and all the contributors for sharing this!!

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
Hi Bob...downloaded the ver 5, but it downloads as php vile, cannot open the file..can yoy save it as pdf or other text file..

thans for all your hard work

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
Hi sfg7th,

Use the PAPER CLIP icon next to the thread numbering to download the file.

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
it can also happened to me sometimes when downloading a file from FF, sometimes the extension will become .php (attachment.php). i am using google chrome. u may try to right click on the downloaded file and open with winrar or winzip. if it is a pdf file then open with adobe reader. if it is a mq4 file then open with metaeditor, and so on..

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
I've been trading live on InterbankFX with the Sixth Screen EA v3.2z for several months now.  Seems that InterbankFX may have changed to 5 digit trading over the weekend for LIVE accounts and now the EA does not enter any new trades.  Has anybody seen this?  Got any ideas on how to fix?

I know the demo accounts have had 5 digit trading for some time now but the live accounts were still at 4 digits.

Thanks,

Field

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
I have the same thing will be working on it and see how to adjust. Shouldnt be too much trouble just adding a digit here and there.

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
They also changed to sell by market and buy by market. I think we will have to take all TP and SL out of the EA and use a MPTM to set your TP and SL. So the EA is only used to enter trades and the MPTM is used to set TP, SL, and trade management if you use the other features. With 5 digits you have to set the MPTM at 990 for it to be 99 pips. You have to add that extra digit. What a scam that 5 digit crap is.

I also tried closing two profit trades today with IBFX and both of them took ages. Price moved several pips before closing making their actual spread larger than the fixed spreads of FXSol. Just my thoughts after day 1.

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
I love it, I posted version 5 and people are still voting against version 4. What a hoot. I wish there was an option where people voted no and leave their names so I could email them and laugh at them.

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
but you know that your work is greatly appreciated!

and as long as we are making good money with the EAs, we have to laugh

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
The consensus is that retail traders are not very intelligent. I know this is very much true in my own case (thinking of the things I used to do in my trading).

You have posted your results, MACMAN just published the results of a long term demo test (12 months) and the account had a net profit of over 120%. I have posted some of my results clearly showing profit. With Version 5 day two, money wise closed trades $77 profit, 5 open trades with running loss of $-6.50 (with lot size of between 10 to 20 cents). I DO NOT KNOW WHAT ELSE IS NEEDED TO DRILL INTO PEOPLES BRAIN THAT THIS SYSTEM IS PROFITABLE IF TRADED SENSIBLY.

I think we shall resign ourselves to the fact that some fools will remain fools no matter what. Maybe we should not publicize the merits of the system because, after all Brokers need to make profit and pay their employees and shareholders (which makes me think maybe people voting against the system are agents of the retail brokers)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Kind Regards,

P.s. I am not going to publish details of my trades anymore since I do not need to convince anyone.

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
I seem to be having some entrance problems with the Bulge EA. Has anyone else been having trouble. It is not near enough to the lines for me. I had one trade enter about 50 pips away. It is still going to profit but that is too far away. If others are having hte same problem I will need to recode it. May have been a 1 trade glitch.

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
OK I got it. My indicator is based on the BAND of MT4 but the EA is based on Bollinger Bands. They draw different lines so I will have to readust the indicator to show the original BB rather than the MT4 version. I got it.

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
Same thing here, funny enough had 4 trades with the BULGE EA and all of them closed for good profit EURAUD 125 pips between 20:00 gmt yesterday and 10:50 today. Having just checked the charts the trades  seem to be some distance from the Bulge line.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
Posted this here, I don't want to pollute the new thread - I must say I really like this method it feels right. I am going to practice this on demo account for a long while before moving it onto my real account. Made a couple of mistakes, but quite a successful start.

I have spent too much time on scalping threads, and it shows in my results, no losses yet, but need to allow the trades to develop before taking profit.

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
I would really like to know who the last guy was who voted NO to my system. I just earned over 600 pips in the last two days and I was wondering what in the world would posses you to do that? Really. I mean it who are you and what  kind of logic would you use to post no to a system that really really works over the long haul. Would you please enlighten us to the brilliance of your strategy and how it would work better. We all here would like to know your daily trades and how successful you are really are. Please write us, I promise to be kind but I really would like to know.

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
Actually you should post this on the other thread. People need to see that others are making money also.

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
Scooby Doo gave this heads up:

Nothing todo with this system but.....be very carefull trading any system with real money going into Friday as Eurozone bank stress test data will be published. What the fcuk does that mean I here some asking....

It means everyone will find out how good/bad the levels of European bank debt is.

Every day we gamble (to some extent) but I think on Friday I will place some HUGE....HUGE....HUGE....HUGE....NO BIG....NO BIGGER trades.

Scoobs.

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
I know I said would not post results but seeing your last post will oblige. I made just over 500 pips since sunday night, will post results in the other thread. The new combination of BB and sixths seems to be pure stroke of genius. I really would like to give a prize to the joker who voted against the system. Just goes to prove what I have been saying all along some people have a quick look, think too many indicators, too complicated, too much hard work, too much reading, Not interested vote against.

It basically goes against their quest for the holy grail of fully automated EA which does not need any input from the trader. I AM PACKING MY BAGS AND GOING TO THE OTHER THREAD.

Kind regards.

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
Hi Bob...will you be publishimga complete 5v when completed, and I can delete all the templates and indicators I currently get confused with...About a year ago I was one of those people who voted as to not doing very good with your system, really I had not put in enough training time to really understand the system, and I had mingled two systems which proved not to be a good idea..

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
I have posted the finished sections in another thread. When it is finished i will close this one. Most of my comments are there now.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=246113

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
I will no longer be posting here please go to:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=246113

nanningbob


===== 附件下载链接 =====

3x3 4H EAs.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/247740?d=1242545018
indicators 3x3 4H.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/247743?d=1242545604
templates.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/247744?d=1242545604
PROFILES .zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/247748?d=1242545836
scripts.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/247749?d=1242545836
WeeklyPivot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/253157?d=1243618511
MonthlyPivot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/253158?d=1243618511
WeeklyPivot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/267232?d=1246427323
MonthlyPivot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/267233?d=1246427323
Pivot Points Multitimeframe.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/267982?d=1246554948
e-Trailing.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/332978?d=1255075421
FC formula program.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/349201?d=1256858555
CELLULE DINAMICO-ADATTIVE.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/385836?d=1262513476
4h bb dev. 3.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/389138?d=1262990638
BreakEvenExpert_v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/393398?d=1263650646
Mauro_Trailing.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/393399?d=1263650646
Universal Setting EA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/407540?d=1265163657
HOPWOOD TRADE MANAGER.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/411068?d=1265463485
4H ONE TIME EAS ver 2.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/411088?d=1265468596
NB 4H VER. 3.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/419462?d=1266329874
REPLACEMENTS.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/420400?d=1266396075
Instructions.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/419931?d=1266357817
4D VERSION 3.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/419932?d=1266357817
5D VERSION 3.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/419933?d=1266357849
REPLACEMENTS.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/420399?d=1266395769
nanning_meter.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/420540?d=1266405235
NB Meter_MACD.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/420545?d=1266405285
NB Meter_RSI.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/420546?d=1266405336
NB Meter_Stochastic.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/420547?d=1266405336
NB Meter_Signals.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/420623?d=1266410757
UltimateRSI.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/420666?d=1266413829
NB Fourths_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/420921?d=1266426164
Multi purpose trade manager v2_rel.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/420928?d=1266426548
OrderReliable_V1_1_0.mqh: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/420929?d=1266426548
Multi purpose trade manager instructions.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/421714?d=1266506896
4D NBMPTM.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/423356?d=1266650818
5D NBMPTM EAS.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/423357?d=1266650818
4D EAs 3.1.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/423383?d=1266658950
5D EAs 3.1.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/423384?d=1266658950
NB Fourths.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/425463?d=1266960077
4H RANGE.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/425958?d=1267020703
ThirdsComments.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/426814?d=1267110248
4D 6x6.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/438958?d=1268567393
NB sixths ver. 3.5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/452504?d=1270602040
NB sixths ver. 3.5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/452505?d=1270602040
Book2.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/454844?d=1270825918
CELLULE DINAMICO-ADATTIVE - DYNAMIC ADAPTIVE CELLS-.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/455263?d=1270905029
nanningbob 4 hr 16th March to 15 April 2010.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/458683?d=1271335784
NB 4H Version 4.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/464047?d=1272180477
6x6 4 and 5.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/466366?d=1272480302
nb 2 months results.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/475581?d=1274093723
FFCal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/484397?d=1275519669
FFCal Scoobs.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/484398?d=1275519669
GH_JRSX_Divergence.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/487607?d=1276040240
#Signal_Bars_v7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/488040?d=1276092736
gain capital new ac.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/488788?d=1276172334
6x6 warning system.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/490743?d=1276534087
PriceVolume-1.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/495909?d=1277291976
Better_Volume_Indicator.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/495910?d=1277291976
PREVIEW V. 5.0.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/501162?d=1278050591
bbsqueeze.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/501450?d=1278078881
BB_Squeeze_Advanced_v2M3B.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/501451?d=1278078910
NB Meter_Signals.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/504562?d=1278613951
NB VER5 liveTest2to9july.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/505023?d=1278673170
#1 BUY NB-SH BB V 5.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/505626?d=1278840797
#1 SELL NB-SH BB V 5.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/505627?d=1278840797
BOMB PROOF MPTM HEDGE ALL.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/505628?d=1278841072
SIXTHS SQ.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/506319?d=1278953650
sq_nnbv5---with sto(120).tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/506328?d=1278955029
NNBv5 Signals - Sq and Steve's Indicator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/506813?d=1279017982
StochasticMACD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/506814?d=1279018008
nnbv5_sq.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/506818?d=1279018156
preview 5.1.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/507009?d=1279033703
