===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
I finally have finished my trading system for trading with the new USA regs. It is a radical departure from my previous systems. It is simple, to the point and has tested profitably. I think you can grasp the basics quickly and easily. The unique difference between this system and other systems is I define what a trend is first, then I trade the trend based on my definition. This gives you solid easy to undertand trades that are easy to find and pick from. You then turn on the EAs and let them enter the trade. Good luck.

1. page 2 post 22-26 gives a summary of the system to help understand the basics. Topics include a summary of a trade scenario, SL placements and what happens in a ranging market.
2. Page 5 post 73 I deal with the issue of the TMA lines moving over time with price action and how it doesnt affect the trade signal given in real time.
3. Page 6 posts 78 to 81 I deal with psychology of trading and pyramiding trades with the trend. I also deal some with understanding fundamentals of price action.
4. I added Steve Hopwood's MPTM set at 15+3. To learn how to use all the gadgets see his website at. Otherwise just put it on a separate screen and it will move every trades SL to +3 after price goes 15 points into profit. Keeps a winner from turning into a loser. I use this when I am not around my computer to manage my trades while I am gone. Put the EA in the EA folder and the template in the first template folder. Here is Steve's thread on how to use it and what it does.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=89371

5. Page 21 post 308 has EAs that work with ECN brokers. Post 313 gives how the TMA works. Post 315 has a dashboard developed for the system.

6. page 23 post 343 I talk about how the 5x5 MA works and the philosophy behind it.

7. Page 28 posts 413 to 417 the TMA issue came up again. I dealt with it and how you form a strategy.

8. Kumars wrote a good indicator showing the angle of the TMA to the 240MA. You find this very helpful when dealing with converging type trades. They tend to have lower pip runs. Page 8 Post 119
9. An experienced trader gives a warning why this system will not work and why you are wasting your time using it. You can read and decide for yourself. P. 28 post 431.
10. Pg. 36 post 528 I discuss using the TP EA template and EAs
11. pg. 46 post 670 I added a test 4H version of this system. If it tests out I will post it on page 1.

12. pg. 46 post 671 Red White blue indicator is explained. The sto crossing the MACD.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
New year, new system ........... thankZ

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Thank you for a well thought out and prepared system.

regards,

Zen

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Thank you and looking forward to test this new system

--- 帖子 #5 ---
I'll be giving this one a try. I still use 5.3 on my live account (with an overseas broker). I'll be running this on demo and try to report back regularly.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
great read ...explained very well

looks very simple will give it a try

Thanks

DC

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Great thread, going to test   Thanks

Is recovery on bad trades still that same as the other system?

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Thanks for the continuing contributions.

Happy new year!

--- 帖子 #9 ---
subscribed!!!!! Cant wait to have a play, been a long time lurker of your work bob and trade the 5.3 / 6.xx variations.

Fantastic stuff.

--- 帖子 #10 ---
I'm back to trading after a very long hiatus. and look forward to trading this system which follows the trend after a retrace. In my mind, the best way of all to trade & with this longer time frame and ea, should be a fantastic way to trade. I foresee a long lived thread, and glad to have started at the beginning instead of having to read a few hundred pages. As usual, excellent work on conceiving the system and presenting it to make what you're trying to say easy to understand.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Onboard with you and participants.

All the best to all in this New Year.

Ron

--- 帖子 #12 ---
I have always liked your ideas but as I only trade trends i never used your systems (though excellent) before.

I like the well thought out explanations.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Thanks for new thread and I think it's profitable as it mix between mechanical and systematic

--- 帖子 #14 ---
I will definitely look into this. Always big respect for Bob and his trading ideas.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Hello Bob,

happy new year, I am working with your 5.3 system live and succesful.

Skipped the 6.x as the thread was too confusing, and now you are coming up with a complete new varation.

Looks great and I will start on a demo on Monday.

Did you already investigate if this systems seems to be working on other pairs?

Bamboo

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Woohoo, i'm happy to be able to get in the beginning thread of the great Mr. Bob new system. I will be testing this intensely. Thank you Bob

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Yes it should work on all pairs. All  pairs trend or range and the system is designed to work both ways.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Very nice.  I'm going to have a few questions.  The first two, I think, are related.

Your second criteria for trend definition is that price be above the 5 in an uptrend or below the 5 in a downtrend.  However, when you look at the trade examples, it's pretty clear that the trader takes action only when price is below the 5 in an uptrend, or above the 5 in a downtrend.  The first question is whether I'm understanding this right.  But the second question may have my own answer.

You say that when the price touches the TMA outer band, you put on the 5X5 EA.  But you don't say what, exactly, this EA does.  I haven't inspected it yet, and would appreciate your explanation of it.  I'm thinking that it waits until price again moves above the 5 (in an uptrend), or below it (in a downtrend) to enter the trade.  If I'm right in my guess, that means the trade occurs when your definition of the trend gets reconfirmed.

Also, even if I'm right, I'd like to know what condition you are using for the entry on the EA.  Is it at the cross, or at the close of bar, or something else?

Anyway, I'm looking forward to testing it, and hope you don't get too frustrated with my continuing stupid questions.

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Subscribing. Thanks alot for sharing your new trading strategy, hopefully I can keep up with it by starting at the beginning.

Looks to be good,

Murray

--- 帖子 #20 ---
From your observations so far, is there a decent way to tell, with these same tools, whether the market is ranging, as opposed to in a trend?  Many of us are already aware of a system that tends to work will in ranging markets

--- 帖子 #21 ---
The document mentions a stop loss of 40 or 50.  I'm wondering how you arrived at it?

I have to say that I'm very encouraged by the idea of a fixed stop before the trade is in place.  One of my biggest problems with the earlier systems was the whole idea of recovery systems.  Even if they work (and I admit that they might), carrying that kind of drawdown was not going to let me sleep very well.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
There are three conditions for a trade. Let us take a buy example

1. the TMA line is above the Weekly trend line or the light blue line is above the dark blue line or the middle line of the TMA is above the MA 240. These terms are all the same thing.

2. Price retraces to the bottom of the TMA line (the green line) and the Brick red line is somewhere near the green line ( the brick red is a 5MA LWMA shift forward 5) or is below the middle TMA light blue line. This is a retracement in a UT. I shifted this line out 5 steps so as to prevent as many false entrances as possible and to make sure we are not entering if price is changing direction. This gives more room for  price action than any other previous system I have used. When price action recommits to the trend we want in. It is not 100% but the winners outweigh the losers in this.

3. Price then crosses the brick red line and enters. The logic in the program goes like this. When the Bid is greater than the 5MA shifted 5 enter the trade.  Of course for sells this whole process is reversed.
conclusions

1. This is a trend following system that uses the higher highs and higher lows of the weekly chart with a super smoothed out TMA indicator using information from a 1H chart to determine trend.
2. Trades are then entered off of the retracements with the 5 MA shifted 5 steps as a filter to filter out the normal noise and movement of Forex price action.
3. So in short it enters the dips of a trend and it lets price action determine how long you stay with the buy or sells of the trend.
4. It gives a very clear cut definition of when a trend starts and when it ends. Something that is missing in every trend following system I have looked at.
5. It gives a clear cut place to close a trade 3MA shift 1 and stop loss line if you dont close the trade earlier.
6. It gives a place to put your stop loss that is consistent with price action and each particular currency's movement. Every SL will be different on every trade but you place it at the previous low.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
I am hoping someone will develop an angle indicator that monitors the distance of the 240MA with the TMA center line. This way we know when price action is slowing down and a range period is coming. With learning and understanding that definition may come at a later time. You really dont know you are in one until you are in one.  As you can see a weekly chart has fewer range times than lower time frames.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
SL can be the previous high or you can use fractals. In the pic below is an example where the trade enters and where the SL can be placed. The previous high or bottom of the previous fractal. So this gives you two locations to place your SL

--- 帖子 #25 ---
SL will vary from currency pair to currency pair because of  price movement. Obviously they will be bigger for more volatile pairs verses less volatile ones.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Because I am using the weekly to determine trend the system is designed to also work in RT markets. IF the market is ranging we still use the same trade criteria but they will be far fewer. With 20 currencies posted though I expect there will always be trades somewhere. Here is a 2 week period with eur/usd where there are no trades using my criteria. Aug. 30 to Sept. 14. However the eur/jpy has two trades during that period and the gbp/jpy has 5 or 6 trades during that time. So trades can be found at almost all times.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Thanks for the replies.

Since we are trading with the trend, and one of the basics of an uptrend is higher lows, then of course, your stop placement makes sense.  I didn't see that in the manual, so thanks for the clarification.

In some ways, this system looks very much like 6.0 with an additional filter based on your definition of a trend.  Since 6.0 already worked in ranging markets, it makes sense that this system will also work in ranging markets.  But, when you are getting into ranging market land (if you can identify where that is) it also might make some sense to loosen up the trend filter requirement.

Your final entry criterion is on the cross of the 5.  I'm assuming that it's when price first crosses the 5, and not at the close of the bar where that happens.  Because you are using a shift of 5, you don't have any of the problem of the wiggling snake head on the MA.  It will hold still and thus offers a solid target any time.  Is this correct?

Finally, I checked this over all the pairs for the last week and it does amazingly well.  The one thing I noticed is that it seems to do much better when the TMA is diverging from the 240.  When the TMA is angled away from the direction of the trend, even though its still a trend by the definition, it seems to be quite a bit more iffy.  I'm wondering whether there are enough trades over the pairs to use this as an additional filter?  Or do you think my observation is not valid over a longer testing period?

--- 帖子 #28 ---
If I get an angle indicator that may help us answer some of these questions. If they are angling back we may want to trade both ways. My testing though shows that even when angling back the trades are still there but the profits are smaller. So an angle indicator will help us with  our TP outlook. Probably add the MPTM at some point also but we will see. Once Steve, Swingman and their buddies look at this I am sure they will come up with something. Right now I want to keep it as simple as possible and not load it up with indicators. Anyways gotta go for now, teachers report back on Monday and students on Thursday. I dont get days off LOL, owners, administrators never do.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Your final entry criterion is on the cross of the 5.  I'm assuming that  it's when price first crosses the 5, and not at the close of the bar  where that happens.  Because you are using a shift of 5, you don't have  any of the problem of the wiggling snake head on the MA.  It will hold  still and thus offers a solid target any time.  Is this correct?

Yes the shift 5 helps with the wiggling snake head. I like that analogy, it was always a bug in my systems of the too early entry I like calling peekers. qualify enough to enter and then continue. The shift 5 eliminates almost all of these type of trade but of course not all. However, I think it will eliminate enough that using a SL system will now become viable. I suppose you could go with a really big SL using the blue 240 line but that would produce a big loser when you got one. Anyway I am happy with what I am seeing. The only bug I see happening are the MT4 brokers that use a Stop Loss hunt program and it goes after that SL. If we find that happening then we may have to look at not using SL or ??????????????????????

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Nanningbob,

I just finished reading your materials. Looking forward to test the new system.

I have a question, from now on, you will just use this system and will no longer use the Nb5.3 system in the future?

Thanks

SS

--- 帖子 #31 ---
As long as I stay with USA brokers. I may use counter trend methods with the blue lines converging but not when they diverge. I will need an angle indicator or histogram to use my counter trend methods with this system so that will wait until it is developed. I came up with this while trying to develop my new reentry system. It just kind of came together in a dream one night and I woke in the morning and saw it might work. Played with the idea and the pieces fell together over a couple of days. I have already tested the 5x5 EAs when I was working on my recovery methods, the TMA knowledge came from testing 6.0 theories, once I added the weekly trend line it just came together. I am really excited about this and I can see my self doing my daily reports again because the system is so simple and basic.

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Holy Cow 840 views in the  first 10 hours. Dang.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Hey Bob, thanks for the well prepared and excellently documented system. Happy new year!

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Happy New Year Bob.

I like it.....; however, Bob it appears that we could squeeze some more save pips out of it.  That TMA and the 5MA shift 5 is awesome.

Great system.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Your reputation is well known, as this thread will also be..

I pity those who don't find it till next month. They'll have a lot of pages to read.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Actually, I would be looking for ways to tighten the stop, not to increase it.  Changing the stop size wouldn't have any bearing on the size of my losses.  I will put the same amount at risk on any trade.  That means I will lose the same amount whether the stop is 20 or 100.  What changes for me is the return/pip.

I plan on starting some fairly thorough testing of this very soon (maybe tomorrow).  From tonights eyeballing, it looks very promising indeed.  In the meantime, thanks.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
In trade number 19, the trade is an uptrend trade.  But both at the time when the EA would get set, and when price crosses the 5, price is below the 240.  Are you sure you want to include this as a valid trend trade?

A similar thing almost happens in trade 25.  There its a sell trade, but price is above the 240 when the EA is set.  By the entry occurs, price has also dipped below the 240, so this one makes a bit more sense to me.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Subscribed. I wish everybody A New Year with lots of Pips.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Yes, Bob, THANKS! My feedback is: Since I know your schedule, hopefully this will be an equally low maintenance trading system, since I can't and don't want to be in front of the PC any more than necessary. However, I'll need to see when the trades develop since I am asleep during most of the London session.

I too am concerned about "stop-hunting" and had incorporated a visible stop for safety and my real stop hidden. I may try to put that in your EAs for my use. Also would be nice if I could incorporate the SL automatically especially if I turn on the EA before going to bed. Actually, to standardize the risk, I'll need to estimate the SL before the order is entered.

You also mentioned a "close all trades" script, but I don't see it anywhere.  And how far above or below that last high/low do you place your SL?

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Looks Fantastic! Much simpler and easier to understand.

My question deals with which TMA to use. Right now, if you look at the USD/JPY on the H1 with the TMA True loaded, price broke below the 240 MA on December 23rd, so we're looking for shorts, but the price never hits the "red" top line of the TMA True indicator. But if you load the TMA Centered indi price hits the top red line of the indi several times. Just wondering which indicator to use. It seems ok on a lot of the currencies, but on others I'm not sure which one to use.

I'd really like to know which indi you use. Do you use the TMA Centered for some currencies and the TMA True for others?

Tom

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Hey Bob, thanks for your wonderful work. I'll fwd test it. Happy new year.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Thanks bob for your great work - 1 question - You mention switching on the buy or sell ea as they approach, or cross the green or red tma lines - assuming you are clear on the trend ie the tma centre is well above or below the 240 line can you just load the respective ea and wait. Obviously i know the 5x5 position relitive to the tma centre is important also so all trades would not be valid but can it work this way

2) is the sl of the opposite band coaded in the profit ea once your in atrade

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Hi Bob !

First of all I wish you and your relatives a happy new year and the power to reach all of your goals

I'm not through all your new stuff yet but what you have distilled is

nearly 100% the way I trade since a longer time....

It was you who inspired me and I can't thank you enough for that !!!

I can guarantee you, that this trading approach will work....

Best wishes

Bernhard

--- 帖子 #44 ---
In both trades 19 and 25 the TMA center line tells you whether to buy or sell. #19 is a buy even though price is below the MA 240 but the TMA line is still above telling you that you are still in an uptrend. So you are still in Buy Mode. In trade #25 the TMA center line is below the 240MA (dark blue line) so you are now in sell mode even though price is still above the 240. So you still take those buy and sell trades.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
You also mentioned a "close all trades" script, but I don't see it anywhere. And how far above or below that last high/low do you place your SL?

I will post the close all trade script but it is not neccesary since we wont be using the multiple trade levels like we used to. You could have 15-30 trades going under the old system but I dont see that with this. Mainly because of the SL or close EA you will be using. I do not anticipate multi level trading this system.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
I use the TMA centered for all my trades, The TMA true is suppose to be better for back testing but I like the TMA centered for all my live trades. The 5MA however is always the same and that is your trigger to enter the trade. The TMA is just a reference point to turn on the EA. The EA entrance point is the most critical part of the system.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Hi Nanningbob

This chart of 1Hr NU last week. TMA is in a UT but the retraces are never coming back to the green TMA band and price is going up aggressively above the red which is oversold I take it?

So this would be off your menu I take it?

Aussie last week UT I've highlighted 3 buys of the 1 hr chart.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
1. This is the beauty of using EAs. You dont have to be there to enter the trade. I plan on setting up my EAs 2 or 3 times in a day. Maybe I can get by once a day. We will have to see. Once price nears the outer bands and you turn on the EA it could be hours before price enters the trade. Price does not enter until it crosses that line so you can turn it on anytime outside the line. Then you let the EA do its thing. So yes if you see a trade coming, turn on the EA, take your wife/husband out for dinner and come back in 3 hours and see if it has entered. Remember every candle represents 1 hour of time so you have plenty of time to enter the trade.

2. Right now the EA does not have a SL loss setting. If someone could write a stop loss based on the previous Fractal we could put that in the EA. Either in the EA or have the MPTM EA handle that function. Steve you around for that one??

--- 帖子 #49 ---
I tried to analyze the system on a different pair, the USDCHF.

Results seem to be great, from 17.9.2010 until end of the year between 1869 and 2189 pips, depending on some trade-decisions.

Everything is in my attached document.

(I took all trades, even if both blue lines are very close)

Hopefully I understood the system from the scratch...

Bambo0

(just reloaded the attachements because of some missing pages)

--- 帖子 #50 ---
With my system Tuesday last week would be the best day to enter the trade. The harder question is when to exit. NZD and AUD pairs like to run and run and run. I often just take my 50 pips and wait for the next signal but as long as price stays above the 5MA line you can stay in. See pic below.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Thanks for sharing Bob.

Looks nice and simple, looking forward to testing.

Happy New Year.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
OK lets take a look at some possible Monday trades. I would not turn any EAs on until after the gaps so remember the gaps may change price enough to prevent trade from being wise choices. This first trade is watch for the cross on the aud/jpy and see if it goes into DT mode. If it does then this is a possible trade setup. See what happens after the gaps.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
This EUR/CAD is perfect but with the blue and blue ready to cross we know it probably wont be a big winner. EUR/CAD could go into UT but price could bounce right back down into a contined DT. Either way if the Monday gaps dont ruin it, it would be a good trade.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
The EUR/CHF looks good along with the eur/jpy. Both of these are sells.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
All four of the GBP pairs look good as sells and the eur/gbp as a buy. See how they develop Monday. Here is the gbp/cad as a sell and eur/gbp as a buy.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
NZD/CHF could be a sell. TMA center line is below the MA240 and price is above but it meets the conditions of a sell trade. One last run for the bears before they bulls take over???

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Thanks I will take a look at it.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
One last thing before I go out for a while. This is a holiday week so prices can fluctuate wildly at times. The market will not be its normal self until the middle of the month so dont expect things to follow according to form. So test away and make sure everything works with your broker first before doing any live trading.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
I reloaded the attachments, because two pictures have been missing!

--- 帖子 #60 ---
3807 downloads in the first 20 hours. I should have charged a dollar. LOL Oh well. Good luck to all of you and God Bless.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Hi All,

One quick question regarding all the above trades set up : Have you checked if at the time of the trade the TMA lines were at the same position?

I will try your strategy Bob and thx for sharing the good job.

Regards

--- 帖子 #62 ---
I'm on board! Just a quick question Bob... what are your thoughts on adding to positions/pyramiding when price moves in your favor? Seems it would go good with this method since we're now going with the trend.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
...or better yet $12! I'm in internet marketing, please email me when you come up with your next system! lol

--- 帖子 #64 ---
NanningBob = Quality, It is also the reason the thread went 5stars within a couple of hours.

Great Job Bob!..

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Hi Bob

Thanks for your new system

Are you test it with lower time frame like 30 m

I test it manulally with eurusd and gbpusd it seems like very good

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Bob thanks for your time will test this and see how it performs

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Hi Bob

Manulay does the trade with touching the 5MA or after 1Hr candle close

--- 帖子 #68 ---
What file does the ~WRD318.tmp go?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #69 ---
LOL, it's a temporary file from Microsoft Word that Bob forgot to delete.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
100% correct.

to everyone: be very very carefull when trading this systen.

tma adjusts dramatically. what seemed like good trades in the past, just hitting the low of the move, have never been good trades.

you have to use good filters like value charts and a brilliant money management to survive with a system like that.

just be warned....

--- 帖子 #71 ---
This indicator tracks pips away from a moving average. Don't know if you can modify it to work with TMA. http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/attach/mq4.gif PipsMark.mq4

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Hi nanningbob

(a)

Does you really need this EA when trading the H1 on a comparable basis of the trend per weeks, in particular when you have as early as three or five other EA's running at the desktop? Sometimes you've to wait a week or two for the next trigger point.

(b)

If the price would triggered you can see at times that the market price come back (at shorter time frames) before going in the right direction (H1), moreover if shorter time frames are showing an indifferent and volatile market scene.  May be I'll change all entries for ~20-50 pips in these market environments. I don't know. I have to test it more out. If working with indicators, so everything in moderation.

Excellent work!

Keep it up!

Kindest regards

FXcube

--- 帖子 #73 ---
We have had this discussion before and it is irrelevant. The 5MA is the key not the TMA. When in real time the TMA works just fine. If you look at the trades when price crosses the 5MA you enter the trade. Where the TMA lines are 1, 2 ,3 weeks after you have traded and done are meaningless. Are you also going to argue that the 5MA lines have moved too????? At the time of the trade, the real time of the trade signal, it is relevant. That is the part you have failed to understand everytime we have this discussion. You still have not seen that the TMA does not trigger the trade the MA or BB  lines do in my systems and they stay put. So you can post away all you want about how oh oh oh the line move, the lines move but it doesnt change the trade signal at the time of the trade. I have proven that in the past. I will come back in two weeks and show how all the trades I just posted today were relevant trades at the time. When price crosses the 5MA the trades will enter and no one will give a sh.............. where the TMA lines are two weeks from now. That is the part you have never grasped. The stop lines posted on the previous high/low candle. Do they move too???? Do the candles move also?????????? See the pic below so everyone understands what we are talking about. Trade #1 and Trade #2 is price moving down? YES is the TMA moving down? yes are the trade signals valid in real time at the time? Yes At point #3 would the TMA lines still be angling down in real time? YES does that change trades 1 and 2? NO At point #4 does price move up? YES Did the TMA lines move up with it? YES DID they change positions on the chart? yes. Does this change in the angle change trades 1 and 2??? NO They are done and over with days before. Does this affect the trade signals??? no. Did the 5MA lines, the stop lines the TP, the price moving into profit after it crossed the MA line change??? NO So what in the world do you keep arguing the point??? The TMA lines follow the trend when the trend chages they change with it?? SO what. THAT IS WHAT IT IS SUPPOSE TO DO. I hope this clarifies my position. The signals at point 1 and 2 are relevant at the time of the trade. That the TMA moved up/down with price action later does not affect the trade signal at the time. Let us suppose after #4 the light blue line crossed the dark blue line and is angling up. We would not have taken the price crossing the 5 MA later because we would have thought we are now in an UT. As priced moved back down could the light blue line reposition itself back below the dark blue line?? yes that is possible. Does that affect the trading system??? no We just missed a trade in hindsight. Still did not change the fact that trades 1 and 2 are still valid trades. Is it possible that the TMA gave a signal between #2 and #3 but that the lines later moved back up? Maybe. If it did the trade was still valid and went into profit. That two days later the TMA moved back up with price action did not change the fact that a possible trade signal between 2 and 3 happened. It still was a profitable trade. At that time the trade was valid. At the time the TMA was accurate in giving the signal. If the trade did happen and at point #3 the green line was at the bottom of those candles the TP signal was valid at the time. That 3 days later the green, blue and red are now angling up but werent 3 days before did not change the solid trade signal they would have given in real time. That is my point. I apologize ahead of time if my answer seems too harsh. Sorry about that but appreciate you bringing the issue up so everyone understands this.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
NO it enters as soon as price crosses the 5MA line this is not a MA crossing a MA but when price  crosses a MA.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Happy New Year and all the best Bob!

Subscribing to your Thread ...

--- 帖子 #76 ---
The trash can, it is not a file. I dont get that when I download the system???

--- 帖子 #77 ---
I will take a look at it. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Thanks to the author, indicator's TMA redrawn.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
For most currencies the system will give 1 or 2 signals a week as an average. yes maybe on one or more currencies no trades will be had but I dont see no trades on 20 currencies in one week.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
You know why its unique?

In Forex market you can agree with me or not there is a lot about psychology and emotions.

If all the rules are confirmed, and you even got different template for uptrend, downtrend you can feel comfortable and maybe thats the best way to trade as you said that when you see that its gonna be a good setup just run EA and give for a market a place to breath without (yours!)emotions.

As I checked past and even 'Bambo0' made an analysis I feel comfortable with signals.

Now its time for demo testing

Good Luck for everyone!

Great job!

--- 帖子 #81 ---
I think that is possible if you understand the fundamentals behind the price move. For example if England changes its interest rate which definitely will make price move in one direction probably for a week or more. More likely that would affect gbp for several weeks. You could pyramid your trades. I would only do this if you knew for sure the fundamental reason price will continue in this  direction. I would stop pyramiding when the TMA line and 240MA line start converging but only do this while they are diverging.

Another example would be if you see in the news that China just made a major deal with Australia in buying some mineral. Price action with the Aussie would trend for weeks after that.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
I agree with what you are saying. In the past I have had trouble with trend trading because I never really knew what a trend was. I never knew when it began and I never knew when it ended so I had difficulty trading it. Now that I have a definition and a clear cut formula, it starts here, it ends here, my psychology and emotions are much more positive. Does that mean it will always be 100% correct, of course not but I think it will work much more often than it will fail and that gives your confidence a great boost and keeps your emotions in check. In Forex trading it is very important you know exactly what you will do when price does something, When I see A I will do B if it does C I will do D but if it does E I will do F. That is very important to every trade, that you know in advance what you will do and you have a reasonable chance at success. Ever since our wonderful govt. decided I needed help with my trading decisions instead of making sure brokers were honestly giving us the real price action I have been in a funk. Now I feel I can control my if A then B If c then D and so on. I feel hope that I can tackle Forex again even with the new govt. regs and if they continue and decide to to 10:1 this system will still work, at least that is what I think.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Very nice, Bob. Thanks for sharing. Definitely subscribed.

Do you leave the ATRMultiplier in the TMA inputs at 2.0 for all pairs?

Mike

--- 帖子 #84 ---
what is the best period for that EA ?

--- 帖子 #85 ---
I want to say "Thank you" for this great Trading System. It is clear, waits for a Pullback in a trend and uses a simple but efficient way to enter the Trade.

Absolutely great work. I have never been thinking of writing something in FF, but now it is the right time to do that.

I'm really looking forward following this Thread

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Will you place some arrow when you would start taking a trade. I'm a bit confussed when to start.

Thanks for the support!

--- 帖子 #87 ---
A real botch indi, but will do till someone includes the bells and whistles.

Waka

PS. You need the "TMA" indi in your indicator folder.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Hi NB,

Thank you for your generosity. As I mentioned a few times on your Forum, I am a huge fan and although I am just a beginner, my “pips” report card for 2010 is in a (small) positive and this is because of your guidance.

The TMA seems to be a sensitive topic and I didn’t want to bring it back. However, it has been a bit of a puzzle for me since I made the leap from the 6TH. So I attached a small document with my understanding of the TMA usage. I would appreciate some feedback or confirmation from anyone (I read the Forum and I have no doubt you all have more experience than me with this!) that I captured (or not) the different between TMA Centered and TMAtrue..

I apologise in advance to all members who have a better understanding than me of the different versions of the TMA if you think this request to get clarification is a waste of your time.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Bob, (when) do you move your SL to BE?

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Hello all,

In my first analysis, I entered the traded on the TMA line, which is probably wrong and the trades are now corrected to the MA5 cross.

Results still very positive: 1719 (exit on the TMA line, SL40).

Please take a look to the week of 18.10.2010

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The first trade of 18.10.2010 - would you sell when the MA is so close to the middle line?

The second trade, initially the MA5 was too far away, but then it came close enough, would you trade?

The third one is a clear - no trade.

Which one would you take?

--- 帖子 #91 ---
There's not only the entry issue (distance of the 5MA from actual TMA borderline); the crossings with the 240 (and they are crucial for trend determination) also don't appear as seen on past charts - in reality the center TMA line seems to cross the 240 later. I don't want to argue about TMA usability in realtime and if Bob says it's ok to trade with the declared purpose behind it, I'm more than convinced about his statement. I for myself decided to test this great concept with TMATrue to be able to return to my decisions and analyze the (demo) trades comfortably.

Just an observation: the TMATrue center line is _almost_ identical to a same (56) period LWMA. With TMA (Centered), the center line will always match the 56 LWMA at the current candle (tick).

--- 帖子 #92 ---
I think the TMA is just a filter for visual confirmation, 5MA is the only signal.

I was just testing this is in the trade simulator and took a couple of hits because price near the tma green line only looks good in the past.

Here's a real time trade from Sept 14, as shown in the manual compared to live.
http://img842.imageshack.us/img842/2857/tma.gif

Perhaps in real time, pulling away from the center TMA is a valid confirmation. In any case, you will net pips.

EDIT: I was comparing TMA true in live example, to TMA in the manual. It appears TMA true will have a slightly different interpretation. They seem to appear identical in real time, but the regular TMA will alter its past data.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
awesome method.

can this be automated?

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Yes, i'm about to read the TMA more like some COG/regression sort of visual tool.

I've been using the 60 LWMA for pullbacks since ever and was wondered it's nearly identical to TMA center line in realtime; a 56 LWMA is 100% of that if TMA is set to 56 default.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
yes it is a 56 LWMA with two bands of 2ATR(100) around it.  I just created a quick and dirty indicator and it overlays TMA True very well.

But that is not the point...the point is that we have a well thought out method with a very simple trigger and even some great EAs to put on when you want to walk away.

Now it is just a matter of forward testing and then enjoying.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
It is morning for me here in China so Good morning. Welcome to the world of Monday gaps, for some of you that would be Sunday evening. Anyway here are some pics of gaps and why you do not turn on your EA until they are done. Here is the eur/chf and the eur/cad gaps for today. if you had turned your EA on the entrance would have been way to late and most of the time price will rebound against you. Sometimes not but most of the time it will.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Here is the gbp/cad gap. Nasty things if you are on the wrong side of the trade.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Ok gbp/usd is the only real good trade I see this morning so I turned on my EA and see what happens.  If price continues up the light blue willl cross the dark blue line and I will turn the EA off because we have confirmation that the trend has change directions. If price goes back south we will have a continuation of the DT after a nice retrace. So here we go, our first trade.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Yes it leave it at its setting. Some people will report changing it some but I have been happy with it as it is. If someone proves with live trades something works better I am all ears but until then I will stick with it.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
The EAs are wired to the 1H chart. If you wish to use them on other time frames you will have to change the coding.

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Still thinking on this but if price moves into profit I will turn on the close sell/buy EA and that gives me a moving SL line or TP line. I will look back at a lower TF if I want to get into profit quickly I will go to a higher TF if I think the fundamental trade needs more rooom. But generally I will move it up after 15-20 pips if I am not using the close EA or a MPTM. I need some trading time with this before I make a hard decision.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
I looked at your picture and understand your point. Since the 5MA is above the light blue line when price is at the top of the TMA you may take the trade. as price moves down the 5MA will move up to meet it giving you a better position at the entrance. My rule states if the 5MA is above the light blue MA at the same time price is around the TMA lines take the trade. A trade like that will be determined by looking at all 20 currencies and seeing which ones look best. If this ended up being the best looking trade at the time I probably would take it, however, if other currencies show better trades than it I probably would not take it. So that how it will play out.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
nanningbop,

can u say that eurusd in a downtrend ?? what does your EA says now ?

--- 帖子 #104 ---
The Sell EA just executed on GU for me.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
As per rules, EU is in uptrend now since center line of TMA (lightblue) has crossed the 240 SMMA (yellow).  We have to treat it as a retrace in uptrend (chart with TMATrue, with regular TMA the uptrend cross would be shown few hours earlier atm).

edit: pls ignore the sell (entered on friday)

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Bob,

I see today is a bank holiday in the UK. Would that affect your decision to trade the G/U on a live acc't? (I'm assuming you're on demo atm.)

Mike

--- 帖子 #107 ---
just confirming. This is NOT a valid buy trade because PA is under the 5 MA even though PA bounced off the green TMA and PA is above the blue 240

--- 帖子 #108 ---
It is a possible trade developing. You are in the JPY session, Price probably wont  go far in the next several  hours. However price and the 5MA will move close enough to make it a valid trade. So if price action stagnates the 5MA will close in on the TMA green line, price will be at or near the  green line and the signal to turn on the EA will be a valid one. It will probably take 4-6 hours for this trade to happen but if it does it will be a valid trade signal. It is one thing to look back at a chart after all the action and its another one to see it develop. This is a possible trade in development. By the time we get to the EUR session it will be a valid trade. It probably will show to be one in 1-3 hours. The beauty of this is you can turn on the EA, go to bed, get up in the morning and find out three things.

1. the trend continued and the trade entered.

2. the trend did not continue and the trade did not enter.

3. Its Monday and price stagnated and didnt go anywhere making it a perfect trade setup for tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
So when the 5MA goes below PA then turn the buy ea on? How close should PA be near the green or middle blue line

What if the pa is above the light blue TMA line, would you still put the ea on or just look for a better setup on another pair

--- 帖子 #110 ---
The first two weeks of Jan are usually bad weeks to trade. Businesses are recuperating from Christmas sales, people are not spending. They also are closing their books and are not making major moves. Traders and banks are sitting on their hands etc etc. So I wouldnt put a whole lot into what happens the next two weeks. It does give us time to trade and practice a little though. However, one of my best days trading ever was the 4th of July in 2007. Had a field day scalping the bounce up and down on the eur/usd all day on the 5 minute chart.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
You have to remember I have pushed the 5MA 5 hours into the future so it will be slow getting to the green line. If price is there now It will get there in 5 hours. What I am looking for is price being spaced from it so whenever it reverses they are on a collision course. The real concern is making sure your SL is not too far away. So if in 3 hours price begins to go back into its trend the 5MA will be well below the blue 240. After you see this for several weeks you will see trades develop and you will know better. It is kind of exciting after a while when you read these signals and see the plan fall together over time. I have been using 5 shifted 5 and 5 shifted 3 for about 2 months now and I am used to watching these things come together and seeing them starting to set up hours in advance.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
here is my first trade with the system. i might not have entered correctly (gap, lateness) but i'm just trying to get a feel for what works within this context. hope everyone finds success with this new method. cheers

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Felicitation Nb, Great System you put up.

I see a little problem here. This other guy feed (Alpari US) close a few hour later on friday then Alpari UK, making some big difference on the TMA, Price haven't reach the TMA lower ban on the UK alpari. See for your self.

My chart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This other guy chart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #114 ---
my chart has even more of a discrepancy..

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Would it be too early to turn on 5x5 buy EA on eur/usd? I want to go to bed!!

--- 帖子 #116 ---
I have to admit...I stopped reading after about the second sentence. Have a nice life.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
But Bob, if you were looking at the chart at real time, I suspect this trade would not be a valid trade.

it is clear that the price never touch the green line of TMA true.  I am not sure if it would touch TMA center green line at the bar which crosses the 5MA.

any thoughts?

-Henry

--- 帖子 #118 ---
I may be wrong (have been at least once in my life), but it sounds like you are trying to force Forex trading into the Science category where everything is precise and measured, but the hardest, and longest, lesson for me to learn is/was that it really is more Art than Science and sometimes close is good enough, but only after you have traded and watched and learned long enough will you start to "get it". Just try to hang in there while you feed your brain the input it needs to succeed. I think I'm getting close.

In Bob's instructions he mentions that price may nearly touch the TMA; it's really more of an interpretation of the current market and trend. For me, if I'm in doubt, I'll only risk 1/2 of my normal lot size, or even 1/4. That way I can still play, but not worry if I'm wrong, and I'll learn something more. Eventually I'll be able to trust that "gut feeling" when my subconscious has gathered enough information.

Also, you are free to disregard everything I said if you feel I'm wrong or it doesn't apply to you. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Bob,

Thanks for this awesome system. I created an id in FF just to Thank you.

BTW, I created a TMA Angle, similar to MACD. There are two pictures explaining what the indicator is doing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   TMA Angle.mq4

3 KB
|
910 downloads

Update: The PIP difference were incorrect for JPY pairs on 5 digit brokers, it is fixed now.

Kumar

--- 帖子 #120 ---
OK, here is my virgin post.

First of all, my thanks for this. You have obviously put a lot of effort in to this.

I think I understand this, but will paper-trade for a while until I know I understand this

Somewhere you mention 20 currency pairs. Probably, this is way too many for a noobie like myself to dive in to. I will start with Cable at least, but are there any other pairs (up to a maximum of about 6 I think) you recommend cutting one's teeth on? Or, would you say "bite the bullet" and use all 20

pairs?

By the way, which 20 pairs?

Happy New Year all.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
I will play anything that IBFX offers if the trade looks right. If you want six go with the basics eur/usd, gbp/usd, usd/jpy, eur/jpy, then maybe a cad, aud or nzd like aud/cad, aud/nzd or aud/jpy. Just mix them up some. The truth you will learn a lot about trading by watching as many pairs as possible. You will see correlations between pairs and get an understanding of how and why markets move.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
MT4 brokers will use different starting and ending spots. Some use GMT some GMT +2 or -2. So that makes the start and stop time of candles different. I use IBFX here in the USA so my charts are based on their TF. But this would be true of all indicators used by the different brokers.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
After activated the EA, can I turn off the computer before any trade enter by the EA? Sorry for the basic question as I use to manual trade. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Well my GU sell went to 75 pips profit.  It was moved to BE at 50 and is now currently 45 pips in profit.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Demo test this for a while and get a feel for the system. Once you see price action in relation to the 5MA and TMA bands you get a feel for it. It is always different in real time than just looking at back charts. Seems so easy backtesting. The real thing you dont have the image of the future before you.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
When you turn off the computer you also turn off the program running the EA.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Actually I am, my first trade call G/U is about 70 pips in profit. Move my SL to +50 and see what happens. According to my money management I got my first days goal on the first trade guaranteed. Maybe I can get Tuesdays before the day is over. Sure wish those TMA lines would quit jumping all over the place.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
I did not make myself clear enough. It is not related to Art or Science. My point is TMA center repaint may make you over optimistic for this system. Actually lots of paper trades with TMA center may not exist in real time.

just a few pages back, there was a USDCHF analysis, I suspect many trades might no longer exist in real time.

--- 帖子 #129 ---
I see CADJPY setting up in a few hours.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Good answer and true. As you can see due to different brokers, time starts and stops, time zones, etc not everything is going to be so clear cut. It doesnt have to touch, the real truth to the system is a retracement can be big or small but either way the 5MA is the entrance when price commits itself back into the trend. If price does not commit itself back into the trend the 5x5 MA is far enough away that it wont commit you to the trade. That is the plan. Frankly I was trading this without the TMA and the 240 MA and just taking 5MA crosses whenever there was separation (price action from the 5MA lines) and was profitable. That is why I am not too concerned about TMA arguments. I already know it works but the MA240 and TMA keeps me out of using multiple level recoveries like I was doing in practice. So get a feel for what works and what doesnt on a demo.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
i miss the gu, but in profit with eg,nj in my small live acct. i think people should judge this system after trading with it. Thank you so much for sharing this big toy with us, Bob.

Support from China, and thank u for helping our people~

--- 帖子 #132 ---
The trades only will not exist if you dont take them. If they are taken the results would be the same because the trade is not dependent on the TMA for entrance or exit. The entrance and exit are based on MA lines and they dont change. Dont understand why this is not fully comprehended????????????? You are entering off of a rally/dip back into the trend. Once you grasp this the TMA position arguments become irrelevant. However, it is a great guide into when to turn on the EA so you dont turn it on too early. Something I found out in testing the 5x5MA. Early entrances were the only serious bug. The TMA solves this problem.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
another two pairs profiting now with this systmen now: gj,gc......short gu, gj, gc---correlation Yes, shoud put the trigger under the right condition.

Wanna say thank u again to Bob

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Hi NanningBob,

If I am a freaky manual type of guy, what would be the conditions for me to enter the trade manually? (i.e. I know it will be some point after all the conditions you have outlined are true. What are the exact conditions that the EA looks for when entering?)

Cheers

StaticX

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Thanks Bob, this is very interesting to me. I think it's a shame that people latch onto issues such as the TMA. In my mind, any trading system be it mechanical or otherwise requires a level of discretion. TMA True may well be more representative of the past than TMA, however trading any system is about what happens in the NOW ! TMA is one of the tools in the armory that appears to allow the trader to have some discretion in their approach. It will work for some and it won't work for others. But let's not get hung up on what it looked like in the past, trade what feels right for you and if TMA isn't right, there are other threads and systems guys.

I am following with interest what I believe to be a great setup on EU forming using all of the tools that Bob has given us. Will be following with interest.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
I know there is a such EA on the thread of 5mn Philip Niel Strategy which measures the angle of the distance between 2 MAs....maybe it could be modifie to answer our need.

Also I would like to know what is the TMA ? I think it is Tunnel Moving Average, but what are the values ?

TX

--- 帖子 #137 ---
I have enjoyed my stay here very much. Chinese people as a rule are great hosts.

--- 帖子 #138 ---
I would get a MA cross warning system and then trade when price crosses the 5MA shift 5. You then are alerted and you can decide if you want to take the trade. I have one somewhere and I will see if I can post it for you.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
After a couple of days of successful trades they will disappear. They  came onto my previous thread with the same stuff last time so I knew they would come again. Just trade the system and you will see it will work more times than it will fail. Some people just get so hung up on the one negative thought that they cant see the success. There will be plenty of trade scenarios to choose from and if 5 days later we found out that the lines moved and we missed some trades so what. I have 20 currency pairs on the board and if each pair gives me 1 or 2 signals a week I am not going to complain or worry about the 10 or 20 that were missed because the lines didnt quite match. Missed the eur/gbp trade but that was a good one too.

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Here is the eur/gbp trade I missed today. I see some of you picked it up. Good show. Sitting at +39 now bring you SL up or use the close EA see both pics. The Second pic is your close EA. The Blue line now becomes your take profit line and your SL line. This is a pic on the 30M chart for the TP line the tan pic is a 1H for trade entrance 30M for trade exit and it is greenish.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
I took the Eur/USD and the Aud/Cad pics below

--- 帖子 #142 ---
went to bed with gu running TP 120 sl 80 hit TP sometime last night

also put ea on EU went to bed.. Woke up EU currently +20

I LIKE

Funny I was demoing an other system and it took GU as a buy and got stopped out

Thanks

DC

--- 帖子 #143 ---
On my side GBPUSD got stopped for -4 pips, then pulled off but i was in bed to put the sell ea back on, eurusd just got triggerd for a buy, i put the close_buy ea onto chart.  Off too work.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Good morning Nb 1.0 thread! This is my first post on this forum, though I've been reading many threads in the past months, especially those by nanninbob.

I'd like to thank Bob for all the work he has put into his systems and his extraordinary generosity to share them with the public! I am happy that I can follow the development of this new system from the very beginning. I've used a customized version of the NB 6.1 with good success, and I'll keep an eye on this one as well.

What I like about the new system is that there are defined stop loss levels, making the calculation of money risked in the trade a lot easier for me. Plus, since we're buying the dips of the trend, the next move is most likely longer than the retrace before (used by counter trend trading) since we're following the direction of the trend -> higher high.

I'll give it a shot on demo and see if I can integrate it with my lifestyle. Some trading windows seem to open and close within a few hours, hope that I can catch enough of them :-)

BTW, to me this looks like a system that is destined to be mostly automated (I don't trust fully automated systems) due to the clearly defined trading rules.

Thanks again Bob and a happy, healthy and prosperous year to everybody on the thread!

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Here is a 5x5 MA warnig cross. I have set it up so it should warn you a little early. I had to use the 1MA crossing the 5MA on different settings to approximate the bid crossing the 5MA but it is not going to be quite the same. You can test it out. It will ring, post an arrow and give a message screen. You then can decide if you like the trade. Let me know if it is too early or too late and I can adjust it. You will get signals going both ways so good luck.

--- 帖子 #146 ---
I have an entry EURUSD LONG. but now at -11.4 pips. if i look at the 5 min chart i see higher lows and mybe could have an earlier entry. i will follow an MTF approach with the trend-based system. another test i will do is to put RWB on the chart again and trade both trend- and counter-trend.

both system could give good entries end exits

if trend system gives an entry then counter-trend system should be give the trendexit and an countertrend entry.

you know at every timeframes are trends. if in 1h you see a correction in price in this correction is also a trend but in a lower TF.

maybe we will see.

i attach a chart with my trade for journaling.

@nanningbob: are you willing to journal your trades like in the countertrend version?

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Hi Bob

When you decide to change the TF ie to 30 min for the TP/SL EA ,do you decide that , based on the Strength , Weakness of the Currency Pair only (momentum)

So less strength, smaller timeframe

Do you look at other timeframes to decide what TF to use for your EA

ie looking at the overall trend strength on H4 to see if it is worth keeping open for a longer period or do you accept the smaller gains knowing that you will have lot of opportunities

I would just like to know how you choose your TP Strategy as this is always my stumbling block (Getting to greedy for example and leaving it open when I should have closed it a long time ago )

Thanks for a great system

Fanatica

--- 帖子 #148 ---
This is the descretionary part of trading. Today is a bank holiday in many countries so I dont expect price to move that much today. So any profit that hits the board i want to protect quickly. If it was Tuesday or Wednesday I might give it more room. I find mentally pocketing profits on a consistent basis does a lot of good to my condfidence. The GU hit my 50 pip SL I set, it may or may not run more today. All I know is I have a 50 pip profit in the bank and two more trades on the board. I hate to see a nice 70 pip profit trade move back to 0 pips and stop out on BE settings. I always like to make sure every winning trade makes a profit if I can. Even if its two pips. The bottom line is this too many trader gurus show 100, 200, 300 pip profits and they are not the norm. 40-80 is more likely. Do I miss pips a lot? yup but I dont lose my profit either. That is why I wrote that money management with this system so people will have reasonable expectations. 50 pips a day as an average is a reasonable and attainable goal. 5 years of that and your a millionaire. Trading dimes for crying out loud. Once people get out of their unrealistic expectations then they can start to make money. I knew a guy who had 7000 dollars and wanted to make a FT living from it in Forex. His expectations were unreasonable and he pushed the buttons too hard. Took him less than two months to lose it. If he would have traded 50 cent lots instead he would still be in the ballgame.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Bob,

For the EURUSD trade, I did not take that.

I thought you mentioned, if 5 SMMA is too far away from the bottom ATR band/green line, that is a no trade.

Did I misunderstood?

I was going by trade #12 & #13 example in your doc.

Thanks,

Kumar

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Yes but I dont want to start until next week. Want to get some practice in and get the bulk of the teaching out of the way. I will set something up that can get me on and off the screen quickly. I am not multi level trading so reporting should be much easier.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
5803 downloads in less than 2 days, I really cant believe that number is correct. Unbelievable.

--- 帖子 #152 ---
I launched the sell EA on the cad/jpy too.

Is that a good setup?

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Got your meaning.  you quantify "buy dip and sell rally" with your 240M, TMA stuff, great finding.

PS: I am in the trade of E/G and A/CAD.  Looks good so far.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
CADJPY looked good to me too.  Price and the 5MA are all in the right area.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Bob,

Does the EA only work on the currently open chart/window?

I had the EA set on the EUR/GBP last night but it was a no trade. So I am wondering if it is because it was not the active chart

Regards

Marvin

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Just closed the eur/gbp for 53 pips profit, eur/usd currently at 33 pips in profit with SL at breakeven.

Astonishing results for this time of year, for I would not normally consider trading for another week at least...

Cheers,

Pete

ps. just closed out the e/u for 31 p.prof, time to hit the sack!

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Just missed by about 5 pips a 100 pip profit on GU last night & now it has gone back up to leave me with a 20 pip profit. Hit 50 pip on EG. Both of these manual trades on my live account.

As everyone has already said, great new system, Bob. Also my preferred method of trading following the current trend after a pullback. Not sure about the complaints about the TMA line. Something has to be used.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
I would suggest using a trade Management EA.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Got to work just closed out EU for profit so far GU and EU up 128.7 pips

I'm done for now

I'm going to use the 240 and 5x5 ma for other things I do to identify trend

on 1H TF

Thanks Bob

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Hi Bob, the aud/cad seems to be a lose one. May I ask how many stoploss u put for this pair?

thanks

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Tread, I never used one. Mainly because I primarily have traded manually in the past and watched my trades while doing my day job. I can see that one would be useful here, as some of the better trades would possibly be just before I go to bed, or in cases where I can't be here. What one do you use? Is it something that applies a trailing stop at X pips, or ?

--- 帖子 #162 ---
I think the nearest low if u still in trade u can use the low at 1.074 for 50 pips maximum stoploss

--- 帖子 #163 ---
NB1 Trend Long Trade EURGBP H1 Date: 03/01/2011

TMA above smoothed MA(240) (blue), positive angle, uptrend

Price below TMA(56) ATR Period 100 (SpringGreen dots)

Entry: price crosses smoothed MA(5), shift +5 (orange)

Stoploss: below pivot level D_S1, 30 pips

TP1= 0.8622 ,TMA(56) ATR Period 100 (Red dots) below pivot level D_R1

Exit: Price crosses Linear Weighted MA(3) shift +2 (Red color)

Entry= 0.85682

Exit= 0.86040

Profit= + 36 Pips

eTrader,

--- 帖子 #164 ---
It would be nice to see a dashboard or single generator like

what was done on the pipnailer thread

so you could monitor all the pairs at once

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Ohh nice Idea we hope that

--- 帖子 #166 ---
EA only works on 1H chart for buy and sell. Close buy/sell EA will work on any chart. When operating properly there should be a happy face in the upper right hand corner. If you have all that and it did not enter does your broker trade .01 lots. If not you have to change the EA to .10 lots.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Yes but it still has not entered.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Put the stop loss at the previous swing low or use the fractal. I got stopped out on this one -31

--- 帖子 #169 ---
There was one made for my 5.0 system so maybe someone can develop one for this.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
subscribed to this great thread.

tma is a good tool to spot the main trend.

i used the cog from belkhayate a lot in the past. it gives brilliant results if you use one or more filter (there: value charts; here: MA) and good money management.

of course, the lines (both cog and tma) move. they do not repaint, they adjust. it is their nature. if you use them, be aware of this or leave.

p.s. i wonder that stevehopwood hasn't already coded a complete ea...

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Thanks.

I did not have the Expert Advisor active.

It is working ok now

--- 帖子 #172 ---
I am going to bed now

GBP/USD +50

Eur/usd +38

Aud/Cad -31

+57 for the day. I am sure some of you did better.

Turned on the EA for the following see if they enter by the time I get up.

Aud/Cad Buy

Cad/jpy Sell

Eur/jpy Sell

Usd/jpy Sell

I put Steve Hopwoods MPTM on the first page. I set it for 15 +3 Manage all trades. It will set you SL at +3 after price moves 15 pips in your favor. This will protect you while you are away. I will add a blank template screen to go with it. Just put it on any currency pair your not using and it will manage every trade you have going on your screen.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
LOL Steve is probably trying to figure out how you mix a TMA with a MA and then .................. Once he finds out I put his MPTM on the front page he will appear. It will be like Magic. Welcome Steve.  IT is midnight here. Time for bed.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Well well.... you said you would be coming out with something new and good and here it is.  like you, im currently stuck with the US broker bastards so trading the 5.3 and 6.0 has been profitable but tough.  thankfully had enough dough in the account to outlast some of the drama.  i think i may put a halt on those and demo this out for a week or two then give her a real test drive on the ole live account.

Guys, for those of you new to the forex game, pay attention to bob and his system(s)  His insight into the market is invaluable.  If you are a complete newb, just sit back read everything he has to say and let it all sink in.

He is a great contributer to this forum and should be proud of his work!

thanks bob

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Tried your system today.  Just got me 40 pips.

thanks

--- 帖子 #176 ---
JT, I couldn't agree more. Nanning Bob has the patience of a saint, and spends many hours of his time posting with the only intent to make other people money. I stopped trading for a long time here due mainly to the anti hedging rules in the U.S. Seems the legislators think we're all children and can't take care of ourselves. On our way to a nanny state.

This system is ideal, and easy enough for a newbie to learn. Of all the ones that have come and gone, this method is the safest, and from the looks of it, will be highly profitable. This lets you follow the trend and instead of buying at the top or selling at the bottom, you have a way to know a point to get in at a better price and take better advantage of a trend.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
GBPJPY Sell

USDCHF SELL

NZDCHF SELL

--- 帖子 #178 ---
AUDCAD BUY EA.........

--- 帖子 #179 ---
hey fellas and thank you bob for putting this together and helping us noobies!

i created an acct to try this out and get a feel for forex.

question 1:

1 - can anyone confirm if the below is the general strategy?

i get how to load 1.0 main screen templates and i'm guessing the signals are watching the big blue line for overall trend so you don't go against it.

2nd confirmation is correlation with the top/bottom TMA lines with the 5x5MA. If they are close to the outer channels, you can take it as a good starting point.

3rd would be price crosses the 5x5MA as a buy/sell signal.

4th would be to close out once it is within range with the opposite side channel.

question 2: is there a manual to read how to use expert advisors? sorry if it sounds stupid.

i don't know how to trigger the above strategy while i'm away from the computer. do i have to load a different template other than 1.0 main screen? i use ibfx and i see 1.0 close sell ATF in the top right corner with an X mark. isn't ibfx capable of doing .01 lots?

(pls use EUR/USD H4 as an example)

thanks all for reading and i will follow this thread closely to get my feet wet.

happy trading!

--- 帖子 #180 ---
hello Sasco_me,

i didn't see a valid signal at USDCHF. look at picture below.

my EURUSD is still valid and i have now +51.1 Pip.

let it run till next year ;-)

--- 帖子 #181 ---
You could disregard the previous questions. After reading your manual slowly, the instructions are rather detailed. Had to drag the EA and "allow live trading" on the 1.0 Blank Take Profit Template. (When does the smiley face appear?)

--- 帖子 #182 ---
http://i56.tinypic.com/2wecolc.jpg

Default settings... Working but sometimes not "open order". So restart MT4 and "open buy/sell"

What is wrong?

Thanks...

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Really excited to start using this method I normally completely manually trade but have been keeping an eye on the other system for a very long time since version 3, just never had time to really go over it and get into all the details.

Cannot wait to dive into this and make it a winner.

Thanks Bob

--- 帖子 #184 ---
it will open trade at breach of 5X5 ma    if you restart mt4 any chart that you have the ea will ask if you want to trade this pair.  make sure to say yes to the ones you really want traded and no to the others.

the eas aren't designed to open a trade as soon as they are placed on the charts.

if you are thinking this please see p1 post 1

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Yup, but I would suggest more like a jumping stop, for example for every 50 pip move the stop  moves by 30pips, so you are left with  a 20pip buffer for the trader to breathe with.

I use a proprietary EA to monitor my trades but I know there are two very good one on FF, you can use the THV CaveManager 1.41 EA or use Steve Hopwood MPTM EA

CaveManager - http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=3728831

MPTM - http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...99&postcount=1

Bob also included some Close EA's you can also try placing those on a blank charts(One per Chart Symbol). Once your buy/sell EA is activated, those CloseBuy/CloseSell EA's on the blank Charts should kick in and start trailing.

I am not that familiar with the MPTM setup, maybe Bob can share a preconfigured version like a  30/40 for those to start with.

--- 帖子 #186 ---
i love Steve's work don't get me wrong but be a little careful with MPTM  it doesn't always set your stops where you want them.  i have switched to swiss army for management.

again: No disrespect Steve.  don't come bashing me now.....

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Dear Mediator

The primary 3 condition meet

1- the 5*5 MA above the median line

2- price within the upper part of channel

3 we are in sell as 240MA above the median line

Also till now I'm with 30 pips if wrong I'll cut my TP now

--- 帖子 #188 ---
I agree, USDCHF looks like it's ocsalating back to .9440 area. The RR for a short after a nice consolidation at .9440 level is surely better than shorting now. Shorting now will run into demand at the nice 1H pin bar at the end of last week.

In NB v1 terms, I would rather like to see the MA5x5 much closer to the upper TMA line, before turning on the 5x5 SELL.

JC

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I tested this pair since May 2009 using the TMATrue.  I tested with the stop put before the previous high/low.  And I took profit at the opposite TMA band.  I didn't test for break even or any other exit strategy.  Here were the main results:

126 Trades

69 Winners

57 Losers

Win % = 55%

I didn't keep track of pips won and lost on the stopped trades.  Instead, I kept track of the stops and the pips gained for the winners only.   With that data, and the number of losses, I can figure out how much the expected return is for a trade compared with the amount risked.

The average winner went for about 80 pips.

The average stop loss for a winning trade was about 60 pips.

On average, the expectancy was .35R   This means that you could expect to get an average profit of .35 cents for every dollar you put at risk.

These results are quite encouraging.  I'd like to see if there is some logical way to reduce the stop without cutting too deeply into the win percentage.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Hi nanningbob,

first of all i'd like to thank you (like all the others before ) for providing your system the community.

I have one short question.

Is a trend still confirmed if the price crosses the 240 MA?

Let's take the current CAD/JPY chart as an example
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1294081343

The price is above the 240 MA.

Is the downtrend, by your definition, still intact?

Best regards

artificial

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Bob,

I Like the Trend entry system that Trades based of the Weekly Trend. This is the core of what all Trend traders do.

This is the perfect entry system for me and this is with the trend so I can maximize my profit taking when it moves in my favour....as I cannot stay up all night for a entry and manually manage the trades.

thanks Bob for all your efforts

--- 帖子 #192 ---
happy new year great job.god bless!

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Good NB v1 setup for a QUICK profit, if any.

Watch the bullish 1h flag.

If you take short, I would watch out for the next move up, the short has low probability of continueing down in the short term. See the daily bullish price action.

I would personaly wait for the price break of the 240MA before shorting, in anticipation of a retrace back below the 240.

JC

--- 帖子 #194 ---
For some reason, my MT4 can't calculate the TMATrue on data before about May 26, 2009.

For kicks, I did the same sort of test on the USDDKK.  Here, I used the opposite band for take profit, but instead of using the prior low for a stop, I measured the prior low and used half that value for the stop.  If you remember from my last post, the EURUSD had an expectancy of .35 cents profit for each dollar risked, with the full stop.

The USDDKK generated 175 trades.  Of these there were 67 winners and 108 losers for a 38% winning average.

But the average RR on winning trades was 3.5.  And the expectancy was .73, more than twice as good as on the EURUSD with a stop outside the most recent low/high.

Results are still encouraging, even for a strange currency like this one.  Next, I plan to re-visit the EURUSD with this stop loss.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
I just want to make darn sure I'm reading this correctly, insofar as entering trades goes.

First and foremost, you want to buy into and uptrend and sell into a downtrend (follow the trend, so to speak).

BUY:

Now, when the median line of the TMA (light blue) is angled up and above the 240 MA, you're in an uptrend. Watching the price action, you wait for the price to dip BELOW (or very near) the lower line of the TMA (light green). Assuming the maroon 5MA shifted 5 is also relatively close to the lower green line of the TMA as well, you turn on the 5x5 BUY EA, and the trade will execute when price action goes back up and hits the 5MA shifted 5.

SELL:

When the median line of the TMA (light blue) is angled down and below the 240 MA, you're in a downtrend. Watching the price action, you wait for the price to bump up ABOVE (or very near) the upper line of the TMA (red). Assuming the maroon 5MA shifted 5 is also relatively close to the upper red line of the TMA as well, you turn on the 5x5 SELL EA, and the trade will execute when price action goes back down and hits the 5MA shifted 5.

Did I get that right? I THINK that's what I read, anyway. Either way, I'll be following this closely, and thanks for all of your input in advance!

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Wow Bob,

93 people viewing this thread as I type. Edit: 100 now.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Hi Duffy,

If I'm correct I think thats a PF of 1.34... did you factor in spread with that R:R.. USDDKK spread has gotta be up there?

What would be really cool is if a test was done at different R:R's to see what the winrate would be... ie: I want to trade with risk of $1 but make $5 (5:1 Reward:Risk ratio).. then see a spectrum of results from the different R:R's to find an optimal PF(weighted with end balance) for say the last 6 months. Seems like the system gives you an edge and now its up to the money management to help you succeed.

Jag

--- 帖子 #198 ---
hi, thanks for the tests, very encouraging!! just set the eintBarsToProcess variable in TMATrue properties to a higher number.. May 26, 2009 is default 10000 H1 bars back from today.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
YUP.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Aud/Cad The toughest part and this part of the system will get the most posts is when price is moving towards the cross from UT to DT. We all know about bounces and continuations but also this could be a bounce back up again. I am going to take the trade and only time and experience will we know about the bull and bear fight near the trend change. The reason I put the 5 out shift 5 was to prevent an accidental entry at these points. If  price breaks its support the EA would not enter. If it bounces up off of this support we are in a good trade. I let price action determine which way to go.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
aud usd buy and cad jpy sell. This CAD/JPY is very intriguing. Will it go into UT or continue the DT. I would play this one tight if you enter or it could explode back down into the DT.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Plenty of trades to try today. May have jumped the gun on the gbp/jpy at -40 right now but will stick to the DT scenario with it.

Buys

aud/cad

aud/usd

Sells

cad/jpy

eur/aud

eur/jpy

eur/nzd

usd/jpy

Pick and choose what you like. Check back in later. Here are pics of  two more trades and what they look like when I turn on the EA. eur/nzd and usd/jpy. Gotta go to work.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Those of you that hung in there on the GU trade did better than I did. 100+ pips nice work

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Hey guy welcome. So this is my answer to the new regs. Never thought I could dream up something like this. I think it will work.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Just started to get everything setup so hopefully I will be trading by the morning. Really excited to see the potential of this.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Hi Bob,

I was wondering if we could activate the buy or sell ea based on the light blue crossing the 240 MA rather than waiting for a further refinement of the trade set up to happen  since trade gets entered on the 5 lwma crossing if I am right? once into trade if we could get an alarm for trade entry( I mean alarms set in the coding of buy/sell EA) then the SL and trailing tp could be set.please correct me if I am wrong.

Thanks,

Sree.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
It would be a matter of  finding a MA that is similar to the TMA line and changing the code. That however would be a more simple trade to do manually. When they touch or are close just use the buy or sell ea in the direction you want to go.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Bob,

As per the example in the doc trade #12 & #13 are no trade because price penetrated outside the band but 5x5SMMA was far away from band, in fact it was on the other side of the mid TMA line.

The current AUDUSD in your post seems similar to those examples.

I guess we wait until 5x5 SMMA cross the green line before putting in the EA correct?

Thanks,

Kumar

--- 帖子 #209 ---
LWMA 56 on close +or-  2 * ATR(100) is the same as the bands of TMA true indicator

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Is the smilling face at top right corner will only appear after trade enter by the EA? As mine is a cross instead (no trade). Thank you.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
sam, this is an extract from one of my EA user guides:

If this is a newly downloaded demo, you need to make sure Expert Addvisors are enabled. MT4 defaults to a neat little trick; ea's are disabled and you can stare at one for days wondering why it is refusing to works. So: click Tools|Options and select the Expert Advisors tab. put ticks in the boxes next to: Allow Expert Advisors Allow live trading Allow DLL imports Allow external experts imports  remove ticks from all other boxes click the OK button if EA's are now enabled, yours will be showing a smiley face in the top right corner of your chart. Previously, it would have been wearing a frown.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Remember it is pushed 5 hours in to the future and in the pic it is below the line. You will see when price finally catches it it will be well below. The examples I showed had price meeting the 5MA in the middle. By the time we get done with the JPY session that will no longer be the case. Here is the same trade several hours later. It qualifies. You will get used to me setting my trades at the beginning of the JPY session because I am off to work and am more used to seeing the action of price with the 5MA. I have been using the 5MA for about 6 weeks now and I know AUD & NZD pairs tend to run and run in a trend so that is exactly what I am expecting. If it goes south the 5MA will not enter. See the more updated pic now. By the EURO or USA session I expect it to go back up into its trend.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Outstanding again, Bob. Brilliant. Breathtaking.

All this is simpler than was V5. I will play on demo for a few days first, but will soon automate it - I should get something up and running in time for next week. The automation looks fairly easy to achieve.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Welcome to my new thread Steve and Happy New Year. Here is my newest idea for trading. Took USA government regs to change my trading habits.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
If you drag an EA onto your screen and dont have the changes Steve suggested you must check the box 'allow live trading' for it to work.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Nice geppy short coming up 5 pip SL just above 127.. lets see if trend is broken.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Thought Steve was gone fishing; hadn't heard from him for a while!

So about SLs...  I placed my CADJPY trade which never went into profit and chose 10 pips above last high for my stop, and the market reversed and just hit my SL and now looks like it may want to re-reverse back down.  Maybe not but here's the rub: MY SL WAS HIDDEN!  Which brings me to the point, that so many traders are taught to place their stops above or below recent support or resistance that it doesn't matter if I hide my stops.  The brokers are going to see that congestion and go wipe them out, since they make money when we lose.  What to do, what to do??  (maybe I'll put my stop 15 pips over!)

--- 帖子 #218 ---
I got the  face on top right coner now. Thank you very much Steve and Bob.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
That is way too small of a SL any hiccup in the market will wipe that out. You need to place it 30 pips away or more away just above the last high candle. You probably did well though because it looks like it is going into an UT anyway.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
I didn't include spread in any of my calculations.  And yes, on DKK it would make a pretty big difference.  I did go back and check EURUSD with a tighter stop.  The success rate of the trades dropped from 55% to 38%.  But the expectancy more than doubled, from .35 to .84  That's better than I expected from simply reducing the stop loss to half of what it was before.

For giggles, I'm attaching an equity curve for these trades, assuming a 10K initial balance and a lot size that assumes 2% of equity risked per trade.  Please note:  these results are not entirely realistic.  First:  there is spread and slippage.  Second, there would be missed trades.  Third, this assumes nailing 2%/trade on every trade.  When you put on the EA, there is no way you can be that precise.  Having said that, the graph does appeal to my inner lottery fanatic.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Hi Bob,

Just want to clarify your definition of UT or DT. From your manual you said "d.Now the final definition of a trend: When the light blue center line of the TMA is above the dark blue line (representing the direction of the trend on the weekly chart) you are in an UT and when it is below the dark blue line it is in a DT."

This would imply that the AUDCAD currently is in an UT.

You also said "We will now add to our trend definition. If price is above the 240MA and above the 5MA shift 5 it is in an UT, if both are below then it is in a DT". This would imply that the AUDCAD currently is in a DT.

So which is it? (i dont know how to copy and paste the screen to show you)

--- 帖子 #222 ---
How do you apply the settings on your computer or MT4 so that the EA's can be executed at the proper time.  My computer has slept through a couple of execution points.  Thanks.

And thank you Bob for this tremendous effort and for your persistence on your threads.  Didn't you used to have a way to donate to your school?

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Thanks, Bob.  I did ask earlier what distance you placed your SL but must have been overlooked.  Have you been profitable with a 30-over-last-high SL in your testing?  Or do you vary the distance per currency based on your experience?  If you suggest a 30+ over last high SL, that would suggest a 70 to 100 SL from order entry.  Is  that what you have been testing?

P.S. I'm only trading .01 or .02 lots during this testing phase so it doesn't hurt too much

--- 帖子 #224 ---
1.) Right Click on the Power Icon the task Bar (Looks like a battery with a plug).

On the menu that pops up choose "Power Options"

2.) A new window will load (see 1st Pic). Depending on the option you have selected...most likely "High Performance"...choose "Change Plan Settings"

3.) In that new window set "Computer Never Sleeps" to Never.(See Second Pic)

The assumption is that you are running Win 7...Other windows version should be similar. If you cannot find the power icon....go into the control panel, you should find it there.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Thanks for the tip.  I will do that.  I want to test a pair during a period where one of Bob's ranging system did well.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
" We will now add to our trend definition. If price is above the 240MA and above the 5MA shift 5 it is in an UT, if both are below then it is in a DT. However, that still is not the complete definition."

Please quote the entire phrase from my book and it will answer your question.

a. Now the final definition of a trend: When the light blue center line of the TMA is above the dark blue line (representing the direction of the trend on the weekly chart) you are in an UT and when it is below the dark blue line it is in a DT.

THAT IS MY DEFINITION OF A TREND AND THE ONE I AM GOING TO BASE MY TRADING DECISIONS ON. THE ENTIRE TRADING SYSTEM IS BASED ON THAT DEFINITION AND I WILL TRADE GOOD OR BAD BASED ON THAT DEFINITION.

I have no idea why you would be confused on this issue.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
When you said that it was not the complete definition, it was reasonable to infer that there would be more components to the definition.  You gave three things that looked like they could qualify as separate components:  price outside 240; price outside 5; and TMA outside 240.  It would be possible to define the trend as existing only when all three conditions are met.

That's not what you did.  Instead, you gave three successive ideas of what a trend is, and stuck with the last -- TMA outside the 240.  I think this just stems from an ambiguity in the word "complete".

--- 帖子 #228 ---
What over seas broker are you using? If I may ask.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
So got everything set up and will see how ti runs on demo before I put on any real money probably not until next week. I was using the MPTM 15 + 3 to manage my stop loss and also included a hidden 100 pip stop loss automatically, will see how this runs this week, but seems profitable so far.

Cannot wait to see Steve automate it and have a great run with it.

Again thank you Bob and let me know what you think about my setup with the stop loss and MPTM.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #230 ---
I am really at a loss here and I guess some one needs to explain to me what the words final and complete mean. I lead up to a conclusion. How can complete and final be ambiguous???? unless you are being facetious here with  some light humor???

a.Now the final definition of a trend:When the light blue center line of the TMA is above the dark blue line (representing the direction of the trend on the weekly chart) you are in an UT and when it is below the dark blue line it is in a DT.
THAT IS MY DEFINITION OF A TREND AND THE ONE I AM GOING TO BASE MY TRADING DECISIONS ON. THE ENTIRE TRADING SYSTEM IS BASED ON THAT DEFINITION AND I WILL TRADE GOOD OR BAD BASED ON THAT DEFINITION.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
gone short 3375; protected by 3390 stop buy..

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Wonder what the win to loss ratio and profit would be if you just made teh 240 MA the stop line??

--- 帖子 #233 ---
hi snatch, which pair r u in? i didnt see any good entry so far...

thanks~

--- 帖子 #234 ---
maybe a UC short. but wait for US sess.

any thoughts

--- 帖子 #235 ---
potenial entry for aj, au, uj

--- 帖子 #236 ---
i think the 5ma is too close to light blue line, not a good one, we'll see...

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Dont know about everyone else but I now have quite a few Sell and Buys EA' set ready to trade

What is interesting is the ones like CADJPY where maybe in the next hour (and because of the FINAL and COMPLETE definition) we will be changing from DT to UT

This is where , if we adhere to the rules, we will need to actually turn "OFF" the SELL EA

This is a point in the spec that may need to be included in the full trading EA that supercoder Steve may do (if we are all nice to him)

Am I right in assuming this Bob

Ta

Fanatica

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Yeh, you are just referirng to AJ arent you ? , The other two currency pairs are good to go.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
yup, just aj.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Hi Bob and thanks for the new system.  I have read the manual and can see where the confusion comes from.  Your words are clear but there was an expectation (or rather an assumption) when reading the section about using 5MA to determine the trend that there will be an another addition to that.  However your final definition dropped the 5MA and instead used the TMA.  For me it is clear that you have dropped the 5MA from the criteria for determining the trend and only use the 240MA and TMA centre.  I hope this is clear.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Well its a yes to me

The good thing about the system is that we dont take the trade until the 5MA is crossed  so there is no real risk turning the EA on

--- 帖子 #242 ---
It is. Courtesy of a sleepless night. the ea is already planned; it just requires coding. This is the work of minutes. Typically, I do not have many of those today and tomorrow, but the EA is coming soon.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
I think so . I am thinking of  calling off some trades because of this. Didnt talk about turning off EAs but that is an assumption we probably should make. Anyway I have a night class and that G/J did a peeker entrance and really ran the wrong way. Dang.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Your a bit mixed up here. The light blue line being nice and snug to the 5ma seems to work better. if that 5ma strays to far away from the blue line it seems to make the trade a riskier one.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
This pair can spike nasty remember and it could just range for days at this level. A clean break and I may get in with dollar weakness across the board on all pairs. I'm not taking it yet because it seems a dodgy day everyone is waiting for the Americans to get in and then the direction of the dollar maybe more clear.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Hi Bob... Hi Steve

I'm very happy because i see you here steve

--- 帖子 #247 ---
An observation from running through a few charts. If a trade is entered as soon as the 5MA line touches the appropriate TMA line rather than waiting for a close below the 5MA, overall profit appears increased. The 5MA line will only get there about 1 trade in 4 on most pairs, normal entry the other 3 of 4 times. I'll test it and see if worth bothering you all further.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Hi Bob,

Such a simple concept + yet so effective, once again congrats on a very clear and defined definition of a trend, something which has eluded myself for a long long time :-)

My question is based around “multiple good looking trades”.

For the moment I’m trading this system on 5 pairs only until I get a better feel for which signals looks better etc, because let’s face it, it’s got the potential to give many good signals during a trading day.

How do you handle multiple trade signals? Do you normally apply the buy/sell EA’s and wait to see which one enters, or do you usually hand pick the better ones, then apply your buy/sell EA ?

Do you have any specific rules personally on how you handle multiple good signals? I guess even signals which arise say before you went to bed, would you leave the buy/sell activated, let it cook overnight and see where you are in the morning? Or ot expose yourself during sleep / downtime?

Just curious really on your own insight into multiple valid signals. I'm also guessing MM would play a role here.

Cheers Bob

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Sorry for my stupid question but as a newbee, I want to be sure to understand the system I may use. I am totally confused with the TMA : What is it? I asked the question but no answer yet. Maybe it seems stupid for you buut I need to understand. I think it is something similar to a COG, but I may be wrong.... Can you explain to me ?

TX

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Great thread...

Keep it up...

Cheers !

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Here's a dashboard I threw together this morning.  It's loaded with the symbols available from IBFX and I've only tested it on IBFX.  I'll look into making it a little more adaptable later.

Basically it shows green for uptrending pairs and red for downtrending.  The rightmost column labeled "Rdy?" is to show if the pair is "ready" for trading.  It puts "Set" in that column to show that price and the 5MA are in the correct position to consider.  By default it's looking for the current price and 5MA to be at least halfway between the TMA center and whichever outer rail is appropriate for the direction.  You can tighten this condition by making the input variable TriggerDistance smaller (i.e. closer to 0).  The range on this is 0.0 - 1.0.

The middle column labeled "Spd" is just the spread in pips, just so you know how trade-able the pair is.

Copy it into the experts/indicators folder and restart MetaTrader.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Just to update:

I have pulled the aud/cad and cad/jpy off the charts they are now UT

I have added

Sells

eur/cad

eur/chf

gbp/ cad,chf,jpy,nzd

usd/cad

BUYS

aud/cad

aud/usd

That is it for now. I get to go to bed.

Since I am demo trading I am going to 2 level gbp/jpy and see what happens. I will use the same 5x5 but change the magic number

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Over the years I have come up with two trains of thought.

1. Choose the pairs you are familiar with and know or want to trade. Or the ones that look the best. For example I just posted 5 gbp trades. You may take the one or two you think look best.

2. Choose as many as  you want but trade much smaller lots. I prefer the 2nd method  because I never know which one of the group will really run and which ones will stagnate. So lets say you normally trade .10 lots on one pair you can go .03 on 4 instead. That is the way I trade the multiple lots.

So do what feels most comfortable with your trading style and personality.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Well noted Bob. Will keep that definition as final.

But can you have a situation where the 240MA is not visibly on the screen? And if so, how would we determine if we are in UT or DT?

--- 帖子 #255 ---
The most simple answer I can give is it is a super smoothed median using several different indicators, Like the ATR, to make a smooth line on the screen. Then like bollinger bands it draws a top and bottom line which represents it range from its high to low with the median. So it reads each individual currency and gives you the trend direction and high and low range. That is its strength. Its weakness, which really isnt one, but it is just following price action. As price changes direction the bend changes with it. Some people get bent out of shape over that but to me that is just how it is suppose work.

In this system it provides two reads, trend direction in relation to the 240MA or weekly trend and the current high and low of the pair. We use it in this system to give us an approximate area where a dip/rally in a DT/UT is probably going to take place. We use this info to then turn on the EA. If price contines to commit to the trend we are then in the trade. If it doesnt we give price action enough space to move around without us getting commited to the trade.

For example some people will take the trade back into the trend off of a Support or Resistance area. To me this area is broken too many times and a SL is taken too many times to really be profitable trading. The 5MA waits for a move commitment before it enters.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
HI BoB,

I was just trying the system with the various time frames and it still is giving good results.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
USe the zoom in and zoom out buttons to find it. They are the little magnifying glasses with the + and - signs in them at the top of your MT4.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
I'm in the CAD/JPY with a sell (watching it closely though) but the MPTM is not managing the trade even though i have a smiley face and allow live trading checked. the MPTM still not picking this up.

Anyone having this problem?

--- 帖子 #259 ---
thanks Bob.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
I would imagine the sysem would work on other time frames however the MA240 read would change what time period you are getting your trend read from. For example on a 4H chart you would change the 240MA to a 60MA to approximate the weekly trend. 15M would need a 960 MA. That is if you wish to keep the weekly trend read.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Price has to go 15 pips into profit before the MPTM picks up that trade. you have to remember to add your spread to that. So if your spread is 7 pips you would need a 22 pip move first. I dont see that yet on my screen. if you have a 5digt broker you have to remember it is giving you tenths of a pip so that would be 150 or 15.0 pips on a 5 digit broker.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Hey there all.

Naningbob, you are one of the best, thank you.

Just something I noticed. Please accept my appologies and correct me if I am wrong.

The 5X5 Sell and Buy Experts, If I change the Lots from the default 0.01, still trades at 0.01 Lots.

Upon further investigation I found that the Lots are not used in the order sending.

lotsize is used.

I edited it in my copy and it seems to works now.

I hope that I have not made a mistake

Thank you for this wonderfull system.

I look forward to the Automated version.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Your correct Bob,

I know what you mean...., but it still works even without the adjustment.

Anyway, look at EUR/JPY now, should we turn the EA now for a sell ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #264 ---
hmaoui- Do a seach on Triangular Moving Average TMA for the math and explanations from a technical analysis standpoint.

It has its limitations but it is one of the best and simplest ways to visually evaluate over bought/oversold and likely trend reversal points.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Any body, Any Body watching E/Y  Now???

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Took the EU/Jpy and USD/ JPY  short  and  AU/ CAD Long

--- 帖子 #267 ---
E/Y is 20 pips in a sell profit now.  Anyone caught that?

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Nice trades dude....!!!

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Hi Bob,

Would you enter this trade?

From my understanding, Dark blue is getting close to Light blue, this may be a signal of trend changing or retracement. In order to play save should avoid this?

I am yet finish the whole thread, sorry if my question is repeated.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
My templates have gone haywire, the 240 ma is gone even though it shows in indicators list and the tma is like a fork now anyone can help , was fine this morning

--- 帖子 #271 ---
If you don't have a copy of the templates and indicators, download it again from post 1 and replace them. Then restart your MT4 terminal.

--- 帖子 #272 ---
EA did the selling and i use 30m TF for profit taking.. EU is on the uptrend happy with smaller profit

--- 帖子 #273 ---
There are other situations when 240MA will not show on the chart.

It may be far away from price, you may have to zoom out to see it or move the right price slider.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
The hardest part when implementing an EA for this is where to put the initial SL.  Bob has been placing it behind the most recent swing high or low and that's somewhat subjective sometimes.

Maybe it can be placed initially 2 or 3 ATRs away.  That way it's wider for more volatile pairs, as opposed to using a fixed SL of say 50 pips.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Weekly trend MA + TMA is really awesome combination on H1 as per original system design. I have tried M15 based on not weekly, but daily trend MA using same methodology (2*24*4=192 SMMA); looks ok but there's a lot more whipsaw naturally, small pip gains, maybe a good tool for scalping the trend direction (I've used 200EMA and 60LWMA for this purpose before, that's nearly the same trend filter).

I would really recommend to stick with H1 chart for entries since the goal (and already proven ability) of this great system is to catch essential moves lasting a session or more.

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Looks like AUDUSD and NZDUSD are potential buy trades. GBPJPY triggered  short and USDJPY profit trigger on 30m TF.

Bob, thank you very much for your wonderful system. I'll give you a treat if you around Shanghai.

-Thian

--- 帖子 #277 ---
GJ UJ

anyone catch these they are dropping like rocks Yea!

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Yup, I'm on UJ. Turning out really nice! +34 so far.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
I do not see a trade in E/U...., this pair is in UT.

I am in E/Y. G/J, UJ are similarly moving since they are Jap's.

I wonder if E/Y will stop it's downward move at 108.20 since it has already broken 108.70 Daily pivot?

--- 帖子 #280 ---
I went out earlier, leaving a number of ea instances in place.

I arrived home to the attached. Yummy.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
I have a question about the 'Close sell ATF EA'.  After my sell template initiates a sell.  I change to the take profit template.  I then attach the close sell ATF EA.  I'm curious about the default settings.  I understand the blue line becomes the TP.  But is the 300 SL being used?   Or is something else overriding the SL?

Edit:  Ok i'm a dumbazz.  Guess everyone's using the last swing high or low.

thx

todd

--- 帖子 #282 ---
good job steve Did u use Bob's ea to open these trades? (looks like that) How do u deal with the fake signals? i mean sometimes the price--candlestick simple kisses the 5MA but dosen't cross it, and then bound back---like au, nu behave today.

thanks~

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Yeah, it's looking real good, this method. And these results are during a supposedly "dead" week in the markets, so should be a good test.

And thanks, Steve, for your hard work on the EA.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
NB 1.0 TREND Short Trade EURJPY H1 Date 04/01/2011

Target Profit 1: Centerline TMA(56)

Profit: +60 Pips
Target Profit 2: TMA Lower Band (SpringGreen dots), D_Pivot 108.74

Profit: + 95 Pips

eTrader,

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Just notice there's a good example of fake signal in your trade--euraud, may i ask how did u decide the sl? Im thinking it may turn to be a profit one if the sl isn't so narrow.

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Same here; however, I am still in it.  I moved stop to the centerline and I am wishing that it goes down to S1 pivot at 108.20.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
GJ closed at 30min TF 3MA crossed. Carry trade unwind at London fixing clearly reviewed with AUDJPY and EURJPY. Looks like DX found support at 79

--- 帖子 #288 ---
[quote=maxwell-eqtn;4286113]I do not see a trade in E/U...., this pair is in UT.

I used 30m TF for profit target instead of 1H on E/J short because Euro still  showing strength relavetively over USD.

However, it turned out that profit would have better on 1H TF.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Hi stevegee58

can we add this dashboard in separate window and increasing font size

Also adding another column for the price of the MA 5*5 now

Thanks

--- 帖子 #290 ---
How many of you are using the Close Buy/Sell EA?

I don't know if I should be checking the take profit template to see how close the ma3 shift 2 is too the price before using the buy or sell template.  I seem to be taking numerous 10 - 30 hits due to the ma3 being so close the the price when my trades are triggered.

I'm using the rules to determine UT or DT and then using the correct buy or sell template.  Only thing I'm not paying attention to is the slope of TMA compared to the 240ma.  My 2 most recent losses as seen in charts.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Good to hear Steve, it's always the design that takes time but the coding is the relative simply part.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
I don't know how to make it a separate window.  If anyone wants to make cosmetic changes, have at it.

The dashboard has to be added as an indicator to a chart dedicated to it.  I use EURUSD but it doesn't really matter.  Also the timeframe doesn't matter.

To make the information more visible, I change the chart to line type and set the line color to "none".  I also turn off the grid.

I've also attached version 1.1 of the dashboard.  It filters out pairs that have already triggered so it only shows pairs that are truly ripe for entry.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
AJ and CJ what a roller coaster ride today. rode it down rode it back up

--- 帖子 #294 ---
on the Buy / Sell ea I've noticed it buys soon as it touches it

which is what it sup[pose to do

But then I noticed PA stalls near that line.

Or am I seeing it wrong check NU

I've seen it a few times I'd rather place the order after clearing the 5x5 line by a few pips

Is there a way to make a buy / sell stop so the order will place after it pierces the 5x5 line

--- 帖子 #295 ---
It did Pierce

--- 帖子 #296 ---
you are right!

I guess I'd like to see it go alittle more

--- 帖子 #297 ---
I checked this on the same EURUSD since May 2009.  Of course, there are places where the 240 can't be the stop line, because price has already gone through it.   And there are other places where the recent swing creates a wider stop than the 240.  Since you were looking for bigger stops, I took the larger of the distance from the entry to the 240, or the distance from the entry to the last swing high/low.

With 240 as stop:  60% wins

With swing high/low stop: 55% wins

With stop 1/2 way to swing high low: 38%

But the expectancy is just the opposite.

With 240 as stop:  .13 expectancy

With swing high/low: .35 expectancy

With 1/2 swing high/low. .84 expectancy

With the 1/2 swing high low as a stop, using a constant 2% risk/trade, over this period $10,000 would grow to about $140,000.  That's pretty astounding results.

With the 240 as a stop, you get a 50% increase in your winning percentage.  But if you traded at 2% risk/trade, the same 10,000 would only grow to about $13,500.  Here's the equity curve for comparison to what I posted last night.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
yeah and next time you will wish it had entered a little early!!

not making a joke!, you never know which is better.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Hi Duffy,

What are you using to test? Seems pretty cool.

The system gives you some good entries when the trend changes and comes to test the TMA lines the first time... there you can get VERY good R:R... I'm talking about single digits pips.

This would be a good test... you would get far less trades... a lower win % but probably a much higher expectancy. Look at the chart and see if you can spot what I'm talking about?

Jag

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Hey Steve thanks for the Dashboard.  Just to note, it alerts at what appears to be every tick.  Can't get it to stop ringing bells every other second.  Also is there a way to get it moved over to the right side of the chart and away from the price?

thx,

todd

--- 帖子 #301 ---
For gathering the data, I'm simply scrolling through the MT4 chart and measuring the trades with the cursor.  Then I enter the raw data into a spreadsheet, and apply a few simple formulas.  It's nothing special, and it's very easy to do on a well defined system like this.

I like doing this with a new system, both to get some idea of the possible results, to see if there's anything that I can observe that is not already in the system, and just to get a feel for how price and the indicators interact.

I will take a look at what you are suggesting about trades as the TMA crosses the 240.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Since you like spamming threads that you don't think are "worthy" and deem appropriate to spamming to download an indicator from some site... you mind sharing that with everyone here on the thread you posted on?

Please go to the thread you spammed on and upload the forex rainbow indicator.. I'm sure you will be applauded to those on that thread.

Thanks,

Jag

--- 帖子 #303 ---
I did indeed use Bob's ea's. Looking at the code, I don't think they are supposed to trigger trades without a 5MA cross.

This is how my auto-trader will work.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Hey bob,

I'm wondering if there's a case for maybe closing non-moving / small loss trades early, i.e within 1-4 hours ala NB6.xx style

Just a though I might have a play :-)

--- 帖子 #305 ---
That might be good strategy if the blue TMA is moving back up towards the 240 but not when it is angling down. One of the reasons I moved it out shift 5 was to get less of that. In reality I havent traded this enough to answer that question fully yet.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Cool... I agree... the hardest part for some is the most fun for others (getting used to a system)...

Once you become a pro at anything (any type of work) you have the edge and that's all it takes along with patience.

I think its the greed and unpatience in us humans that makes us forget an idea after a few losses and jump to the next diamond in the rough.

With some good tests we can see that the system gives you a good expectancy... and will help you learn when the times get rough.. those rules you can apply to your trading. Each one of us has our own system even following the same rules.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
WOW that is a real eye opener. Cut your losses short and let the winners run. Interesting info. Good job.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
I noticed this also. Didn't take any trades on a 0.1 ECN broker, even when changed the lot in the EA's to 0.1 and compiled it.

So I looked at the code in both EA's and in the beginning you have

but in the rest of the EA you use Lotsize (except somewhere at the end)

So I changed all of them into "Lotsize" and it seems to solve the problem of not opening any trades.

And of course a big thank you for working out and sharing your system!

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Bob Ive missed a couple trades this week already because the H1 moves so fast and Ive been occupied. Can I ask why you designed the system for H1 instead of H4 like the last one? I remember you mentioned that you work full time... can you give an example of how your trading day goes with this system? I find I'm checking quite often for signals and when to turn the EA's on.

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Hi Duffy,

Newbie question here.

I assume that you need to have a profit target to be able to calculate the expectancy of the system.  Did you use a fixed pip target or something different like ATR, trailing stop, etc...?

Thank you for your input!

--- 帖子 #311 ---
For the testing, the target was the opposite TMA band.  A test trade closes either when that band gets hit, or when stop loss is hit.  No breakeven, no other trade management.  If I can keep the rules simple, I can test very fast.

I'm not suggesting that that is the best place for take profit.  Figuring out how to exit is the hardest part for me.  Human nature almost compels people to take profit quickly, and then to hope for a rebound when price moves against them.  Both instincts are deadly for a trader.

The best traders are able to let their winners run and cut off their losers very quickly.  I'm trying to learn how to do that, and it sounds much easier that it is.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Thanks so much stevegee58

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Hi Bob et al,

After reading the TMA code I feel I need to confirm and correct you. The TMA is a double smoothed moving average. Technically, it is called Triangular Moving Average which can use other indicators to smooth the SMA's.

In this case only price and MA's are used to calculate the TMA middle line. The ATR is only used to to create the outer bands. The outer bands are [ATR(ATRPeriod) x ATRMultiplier] from the middle line. You should notice that the outer bands increase in distance from the middle bands in times of higher volitility and visa versa.

I don't really want to get hung up on this as it works for you, but considering the sensitivity around the TMA in your thread, I thought I'd help defuse it a bit.

Regards,

JC

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Dashboard seems to work well. Go in and take out the 'm' at the end of the pairs, then compile for it to work with most brokers

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Thanks for the feedback.  Funny you mentioned the "m" since I just fixed that too.  Version 1.2 is attached.  I *think* it will work with other brokers now.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Had pretty good luck last night made about 80 pips with only 4 pairs running. They all had a 75 pip stop loss and then the MPTM 15 + 3 managing all the pairs. Not bad for the first run at it. I need to set up the take profit templates today to see how it works with those on and see what happens.

Really like this system so far looks like it will be a winner.

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Just a small note. I have the EA on various pairs on IBFX and testing it on both live and demo accounts. On the AUD/USD, the buy was taken by the Demo EA but not the live EA. This proves that Demo and live trades will never match because even on the same broker, the EA activated on on the Demo, but not on the live account. The EA works on the live account because it did activate a buy about 15 minutes at a different entry price. Had the price kept going down, the live EA wouldn't have made the trade at all. The best anyone can do in testing a system either visually or on a demo account is to estimate what the result might be. Viusal and demo EA testing tend to give optimal results. I know that brokers also take out stops on live accounts that they don't on demo accounts.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
That is why I like penny brokers. I trade one or two pennies during testing time live so I get a good idea what reality is. My testing over 4 weeks of crossing the 5x5 MA without the TMA was about 65% not good enough for counter trend trading because the losses were bigger than the gainers but in a trend trading system where your profit runs should be bigger than your losing runs it should do well. The key then became defining a trend and the pullbacks. Hopefully I have done that.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
For some reason the top left of my charts on the buy and sell screens say robot suspended is this an issue?

--- 帖子 #320 ---
It seemed to give the most trades so you would have some everyday. I will look at the 4H and see if I can adjust it some. I thought of an idea of using BB instead of the TMA there and using dev. 1 this way you turn on the ea in some retracement or pullback area. I have gotten several peeker trades and sometimes I wonder if there is intelligent software that picks up what MA your using and drops price right to that mark. But I doubt it. THe odds are its going to happen.

I have 3 breaks during the day that allow me to look at trades, before the jpy session, before the euro session and just before the usa session. So that is an ideal schedule. Possibly when it is perfected the dashboard will help and a more definite TP will help. I am thinking of an MPTM for slow pairs and one for volatile pairs but only testing will do that. I have to get a feel for trading with the trend after years of countertrend trading. That will be an adjustment for me. I expect some of these experienced trend traders will do better with this than I will.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Yes that means the EA has taken the trade and you have to restart the EA. Just put the template back on the screen again and click yes.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Hello guys, there r several possible entries:　au,uj,gu,gj,gchf, chfj, uchf. Although some pairs looks like re-entry,im gonna test them.

Still hold some pairs from US session. In my live acct, they r closed already with profit. In the demo, im still holding some of them to see if the can touch the bottom/up line of TMA finally. Since set up 40pips of sl for each of them, i set the tp at least of 40pips in the demo(or the up/bottom line). I opened them manually but will use EA later.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
The problem with trading is price never does what you want it too. The peeker trade happens no matter what you do. No matter what system style etc. The reason I use the 5MA shift 5 is to cut down on the peeker trades. If you use the shift 1 you get more. If you shift or push out price entrance further you will still get them because price always will stagnate or catch its breath before moving on. Having said that you will get more peeker trades between the jpy and eur session than at any other time. The other time will be the late USA close outs as people take profit or banks run their trades for the day. I wish I could solve the problem be we are already delaying the entrance by shift 5 or 5 hours.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Hi guys,

Just checking out the thread and seems pretty cool. Recently took a short entry on GBP/JPY. Could someone take a look at my chart and comment on if it looks correct per entry rules? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
I'm also short G/J, G/U, U/J, U/Cad, E/chf and Long A/U

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Seems like a great and straightforward system! Looking forward to putting it to a test.

Attached is my short entry on USDJPY an hour ago - SL is set at 82.360. Thoughts?

EDIT: I can already see what's wrong with the entry - I should've entered on the last bull candle, rather than the second-to-last bear one as seen on the chart. Good thing it's a demo account.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Looks good, now if price will only cooperate. What is good about price action right now is almost all the currencies are near their cross location in change of trend. If we can make profits during this uncertain area then when currencies do go into their trends we willl make buckets. This is the area of my system I see profits not to be big. gbp/jpy will either go back into its DT or will cross up into an UT. Wish I could tell you which way it would go. The bears can still drive down just not as far as it did during the trend.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
CHFJPY just went long.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
I'm short UJ, EChf, UC, GJ, ECad, and long AU, and NU. Set TPs at upper band for longs, and lower band for shorts. The bands will obviously shift, and my TPs won't, but it's a start. Be nice to have an EA for this. Going to bed and will see what surprises await in the a.m.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Thanks for your great work Steve. Took me 10 minutes to setup my EA tonight compare to a couple of hours yesterday!

The Dashboard version 1.2 keeps giving me an Alert about price crossing the TMA bands. I get this message every 30 seconds. If I remove the indicator, the alert windows stop poping.

Any idea ?

Thanks again !!

--- 帖子 #331 ---
I haven't seen this pop-up message problem.  Every now and then I get the pop-up (which comes from the TMA indicator, not my dashboard indicator).  What time frame are you using?  I attached my dashboard indicator to EURUSD on the H1 timeframe.  I tend to get a pop-up every hour.

Maybe the pop-ups can be disabled with a TMA setting...

*later*

It's the "alertsMessage" setting in the TMA indicator being set to true.  I'll set it to false in the next release.  I'm drinking some single malt scotch right now and I'm not fit to code.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Good coding come from much caffeine not really much scotch

Thanks for all your work, it is paying dividends!

T

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Thanks for your reply Steve,

I'm using EURUSD but M5 TF. I'll change it for H1.

The pop-up is only for EURUSD chart. Out of curiosity, do you receive these pop-ups if you change your TF for M5 ?

--- 帖子 #334 ---
hello, im wondering if someone in any trades now. If so, please tell me do u open by manually or ea, coz i still hv problem with the "kiss 5ma entry".

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Macallen Here

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Aye, the MacAllan 12 is a tasty drop.  Tonight it's a wee dram of the Laphroaig.

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Stopped out on a/u and n/u (both long)

In on the following trades:

u/j short

e/a short

chf/j long

g/j short

Pete

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Hi nanningbob,

I'll spare you and the others the details of my varied and sordid  attempts to conquer this beast we call trading. Imagine my surprise when, with the single click on a link, that I would become privy to such a simplistic, yet eloquent approach for trading w/ the trend. I have studied all of your component parts over the years, but apparently always lacked the logical reasoning powers on how to assemble. So please accept my heartiest thank you for this most generous offering to the trading community! I'm pleased to report 4/4 winners fresh out of the starting gate, gaining a very respectable handful of pips today, while using modest TP's. OK, sorry for the gushing, but I'm pumped!

I do have a general question, and I will apologize upfront if this has already been addressed previously. If I may direct you to your post #55, default pg.4, and specifically the first chart of the gbp/cad as a sell. I assume you are referring to the first occurrence when price had retraced to the red TMA, w/ the 5X5 in the proper position. But I am unsure how to assess the price action on the second retrace to the red TMA (a little right of center on your chart). It's very clear here how the 5X5 is far away at the time of the initial touch indicating a NO TRADE. But I've noticed how price will often stall/consolidate in the 'red zone', allowing time for the 5X5 to again come into position. How much of a price pullback is required before another touch of the red would then satisfy all of our criteria for a short entry? For example, would you first want to see price at least return to the light blue TMA, before its next push up for the touch? I saw a lot of instances of this same price behavior today, and couldn't decide whether a 'go' or 'no'. Sorry for the excessive verbiage here.

Thanks again, Bob, for all you are providing here ...

Best regards ... meph

P.S. Chart attached w/ markings to help clarify the above.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Page 23 already!! Gee... this thread is moving way too quick.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
short gu has reached the tp---50pips

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Hi Folks,

great system, I am really enjoying playing with on my demo.

What I am confused about is the "no trade" rules, or even if there are any. I have seen a few posts on here that suggest that there are but I cannot fathom them.

Please could someone bullet the "no trade" rules for me or point me to where they are? I am not being lazy, I have read this thread and the downloads several times and cannot discover these for myself.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Good for you!  I guess I need to jump in and test the waters!

BC2

--- 帖子 #343 ---
OK One thing about price action and the big moves is they will happen most of the time during the euro/usa session. So when you see price stagnate it will be during the time from the middle end of the USA session to the beginning of the Euro session. Now on your chart that will be 4-6 bars before the daily break (the dotted line running vertical on your screen every 24 hours) and 5-7 bars after. So the vast majority of your big moves will start almost halfway between the dotted vertical lines. So when I see price above or near the TMA lines and the MA 5 starting to cross to meet it, I know I have a good chance the 5MA will be there when price action will really begin. However, if price does not go in my direction at that time then there is enough distance between the two at that moment to keep an entrance from happening most of the time. So on the crosses they will happen most of the time during the Euro session retrace some before the USA session and then continue during the USA session to create a nice move for the day. You can confirm this analysis by looking at daily charts and seeing most candles are full bodied. Which means once direction gets going during a day it will keep going in that direction. The 5x5 was created to try to match all of that. Maybe with testing over time we may find a 5x6 or a 5x4 may work better but 5x5 seems to be the best way to catch the move during that time period. That is the thought behind the choice of using the 5x5 and how it is envisioned to work.

I wonder if I said this so people can understand it.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Can you post a chart with your entry and tp please    .....     I must be using different charts to everyone else !

--- 帖子 #345 ---
short ej(re-entry) hits the tp--- +45pips

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Hmmmm ..... dont see how you can be following the entry rules here

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Hello guys, I found an useful way to eliminate the fake singals(price kissed 5 MA) by using TMA angle. Its provided by kumars4x in post #119. Thank you, Kumars!

I use 1.0 main screen tpl with TMA line, but set the TMA angle into "true".

In one side trading(only long above 240): dont long if the TMA angle is dark green.

In two side trading: go long when TMA angle is light green or dark red. Go short if the TMA angle is light red or dark green---- NOTICE: i didnt change the trend definition here, but take some retracement trading. So please tight your sl when trading against trend!

By using this indi, it may decrease ur profit sometime. However, it reduces the fake signals a lot--- its worthy for me.

Theres an example of AU today(coz i saw pete said he lost in this pair). Actually I've checked bunches of pairs beforing writing this post. Some of them r my losing trades today.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
The first version of the auto-trader is available from
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...29#post4288129

Please ask questions about it in the thread dedicated to it, not here. All our best interests will be served by not confusing the two issues of manual and automated trading.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Thanks Bob and Steve for your work !

eTrader,

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Bob,

Gann Hilo activator also looks like it'll work here, see attached.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Hey Jcs, when i opened these trades, I haven't found the use of TMA angle yet, otherwise I woundn't take them due to the risk. The reward ratio and safety r important to me.

Im stilling search the proper tp, so far my tp:middle line of TMA; second tp: bottom/up line of TMA. I'll estimate the expect return bf open a trade(by observing the wide of TMA). If the TMA is too narrow, i wont put my trigger coz i know there r plenty of chances coming soon.

cheers

--- 帖子 #352 ---
That GBPUSD entry a little easier to see with Gann.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
On all my "5x5 Buy " EA´s I have today "this robot has suspended". Restarting Metatrader or restarting the EA or switching of an on the EA does not help. Sell EA still working fine, but the buy EA immediately goes into suspended mode.

Anyone any idea?

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Once the bot places the trade it suspense itself all it does is place the order put the SL and TP to what you hvae set and that's it you can actually remove it from the chart at that point
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4278942

read number 4 here what to do next

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Thought I had this figuered out Mon night went 4-1 last night 1-4

ChJp Ucad AU hit sl actually EG still going but down

back to the drawing board LOL

--- 帖子 #356 ---
tough first day on the demo....   got hosed by the GBP pairs.  (Took all of them).   Would never take that many on a real account though.....

NB,  do you intend to take into account fundamental

Just a thought on exits,   Im guessing most people are starting this on minimum size (myself included) so this may prove difficult, but it could be possible to see an increase in profits by taking off half the position at the middle TMA line, and then trailing stop the rest.   A lot of trend follow systems make their money in those big one way (albeit rare) moves.

I think that capping losses with a hard stop is a big improvement over v5.3 in regards to risk management, but by uncapping potential profits, you have the potential to take performance one step further.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Got my butt handed to me overnight also.

2wins for +61pips

7 losses  - 470pips

ouch!

Every time I took a trade from this method and then switched over and looked at my other 4hr method, I was continually trading against the 4hr trend on this method.  Something to think about.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Looks like a Good Idea....!!

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Possibly another point to consider before each trade, in regards to Risk management.

NB touched on this in the manual, about not entering if the 5x5 MA is too far away then dont take the trade.  You could take this a step further, before you enter each trade you can figure out roughly what your RR ratio would be and not taking trades below a certain ratio.

As I said, Im taking every possible trade on the demo to get a feeling for this, bit there were a couple of trades that had bigger losses than I would usually be comfortable with, and would have skipped these in a real trade.

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Woke up to lots of losses this morning.

So I think with a little discretion, instead of following indicators blindly, we can filter a lot of bad entries.

I think a lot of these pairs are going into a major trend change, which seems pretty obvious on these charts with the TMA closing in on the 240. A good time to sit tight and get ready to trade in the new direction.

Also, from now on, I'll be watching the angle of the TMA to be sloping in the direction I want to trade before I turn the EA on.

--- 帖子 #361 ---
As most pairs' TMA and 240MA converge and volatility spike indcators are no longer reliable.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Me too was it LG thread , the 4 hr system

--- 帖子 #363 ---
You are correct.  However, I got a suggestion to overcome that.  See posted chart.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Trading live for pennies along with a demo account for comparison. Entries were according to the rules and sustained losses. Not a problem as this is for pennies. My problem is that I can't get a handle on how to judge the effectiveness of trades with the lines moving so much when they are dragged down (or up). In more than one case, the trade that appeared to be a good one at the time and was taken now is not on the chart because the pair went the opposite way and by quite a bit. The losers would not necessarily show up with a visual back test, whereas only the winners would. I'm aware of how the lines move and why and am not dissing the system. Just making an observation that any visual back testing of this would not be effective.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Another suggestion would be to include another band between the outer band and the middle band of the TMA.  We could call the added band the "New Band".  Now when the blue middle band goes above or below the "New Band" that will give us a better determination of angle of middle TMA line.  This will possibly give use a better and early trend direction.

Hey Bob !

Let me know what you think of this.  I have tested it and it seems to eliminate the fake entries especially when the middle band is reversing directions.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Yes, I too had nearly all of my trades hit SL.  Only one hit TP.  Still have 2 open with 1 close to SL and the other hovering around BE.  Every one of those trades was taken contrary to the TMA angle, that is, buying while pointed down, etc.  Certainly it would limit the trades by only taking signals with the direction of TMA angle but may eliminate a lot of potential losses.  Then the question is: When, and would you want to, take countertrend trades with the TMA angle?  All of the losses I had would have been nice countertrend winners.  And then what if TMA is flat?  I guess it's not quite clear sailing yet.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
haha, 93pips, im done today (i wake up a little late, otherwise u can open a better entry than mine)

gu +37

ej +21+35

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Just use the two sides trading method with the expected tp i mentioned before.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #369 ---
How much different are they in real time than looking back at a historical chart? As I see it, the only trades for the time period shown on the chart would have been short trades and the bollinger bands don't look like they would be much different than the trades taken based on the rules of this system.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
This. I had plenty of losses last night demoing this system, and when I took the trades I was initially extremely leery thanks to the seeming fact that the entire market is reversing right now, and darn near every single trend is changing. I took them anyway, and ended up with a handful of bad trades that were stopped out.

I think Eric's statement is probably the smartest to help filter out bad trades - don't trade contrary to the TMA angle. It'll keep you from getting caught in trend reversals. Also, reading the chart is kind of important - like I said above, the angles were all wrong, the market seemed like it was reversing on its head, and the stars just weren't lining up right to make me feel good about any of those trades.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
I've observed the same thing - when trend direction changes as abruptly as it did today, the system gets decimated.

I agree - what it calls for is a bit of discretion - if in a UT you see the TMA take a plunge towards the weekly, sit back and wait for the new direction to be established before wading back into the market.

I don't necessarily see it as a deficiency of the system - Nanningbob's definition of a trend is necessarily narrow, which is precisely what makes it tradeable (the more discretionary a definition is, the less useful it becomes). But as said before, you just need to exercise some discretion on whether a downward-headed TMA is still a UT even though it is above the weekly.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
ok enough of this garbage. Unless you have 10 vouches you aint posting for now. Too my friends who have seen my systems and dont have 10 vouches I am sorry but I am taking over control of my thread. Like I said before most experienced traders dont start trading until the middle of January so all your observations and changes are garbage for now. Sorry but this is enough. I am going back to bed thank you.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Lots of sympathy my friend. I know how you feel.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Sorry I reacted so strongly but we havent really started trading this yet. This isnt a who can post the most changes or post the most indicators contest. The system works but you are going  to take losing trades, have losing days losing weeks and maybe even losing months (I doubt that one) Two beautiful trades happened yesterday that wiped out all my SL I want to show them to you before everyone gets all involved in changing things. The first is the gbp/cad for 150 pips, the second eur/cad for 215 pips. That 365 pips coved all my SL and made a profit to boot.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
School restarts to day and I have to give finals to my university students. When you see the lines converging obviously you need to use digression with the trades. I have to go to work and then will release this thread later.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Someone emailed me this note and I found it insightful. This is what we will be looking for once prices start separating again.

I find it very interesting how many of the pairs are currently  exhibiting converging 240/TMA midlines. It has felt like we are heading  toward some major inflections for a good while now, so I am highly  anticipating joining some young trends w/ the aid of your system. The  first notable pullbacks after the crossovers seem to offer some  excellent entries. So, kinda lickin' my chops here http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/s.../yim/happy.gif

--- 帖子 #377 ---
OK I switched the thread to people who have at least one vouch. As I just posted in the last post we are at convergence almost across the board lets let price dictate how we are going to trade. We are not here to reinvent the wheel but to learn a system. I do want to add some kind of convergence/divergence indicator and I am looking at the three posed so far.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
You can use this strategy if the TMA line is diverging from the 240MA line but I wouldnt do it while they are converging. Since almost all pairs are converging right now and may change trend direction I wouldnt do that but the diverging lines may give a great clue to staying with the trend long term. Taking half profit and then reentering again later after another pullback would piggy back the trade and profits. This way you have a chance at the runners. The only thing I would like to do is compare taking all profit and reentering and compare that with taking half and letting it run. My view in the past is taking all profit was more profitable but I didnt have any kind of indicator that allowed me to read a stay in the trade like we may have now. Wont know until we get a definite trend read.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Obviously I over reacted yesterday and I am sorry more likely caused by all the pressure I have getting school opened but not ready. So I apologize for my outburst. Need to slow this down though, please demo for now and wait for the markets to get back in their groove. We will come up with insights to trading when the markets are changing trends which appears they are doing. Amazing that so many are doing it at once though.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
I can feel a change in the markets over the last few day at the moment Gold has gone down almost a 1000 points. Dollar strength seems to be returning to the markets. maybe this is finally it for gold?

what do you think?

--- 帖子 #381 ---
NB, i know what NB means in Chinese, hoho.

Glad to see that we are in the same trench in the forex battlefield--trend trader.

if you agree that a trend is the only way you'll count on and trust, could i share some humble thoughts?

1. a tiny portion of postion, may be set as breakeven, and let it run till you are shocked.  for example, your trading 0.05 lot, but when exiting, only exit 0.04 lot, leave that 0.01 lot running for free.

2. your mptm setting is too conservative.  see, if you set BE 3 pips @ 15 floating pips, then your cost for this trade is (using eurusd as an example): 2x2 = 4 pips (2pips for enter, 2 pips for exit). Ok, now, this is a trend system, and you paid such high commision (4 pips) only to get 3 pips back?

as to point 2 above, let's recall how long it took you to go from 15min to 1hour to 4hour in your previous systems? 2 years or so.  now, you are trading a trend system, it is definitely more reasonable NOW to use higher TF and larger pips numbers.

I'm not elaborating statistics here due to my time restraint.  however, you'll get the point.  if you use BE lock 100 pips at floating 500 pips, the trading cost will be 4 pips / 100 pips = 4%.  4% is more negligible compared to current trading cost %.

now this 4% is already significant to some professionals, because many system has 55% vs 45% win ratio (already holy grail), that advantage will be almost killed by 4% or 5% trading cost.

.......don't even mention lock 3 pips at 15 floating.

we are definitely on the correct path though, it is really exciting to see that you take this direction.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Great thread Bob.

Has anyone tried the exact same setup on 15mins??. If u do, at least for today, it was a winner on eu,gu,au...at least tested thse 3.

Even when pairs are in a range, the system still work fine...

I wish u all a great 2011.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Hi Charvo - an interesting post which started the cogs turning

I am not a statistician, and I am not posting to repudiate, but rather to learn. I'm fairly new to Forex (prior commodities, indexes and equities) and I struggled w/ the idea of spread costs for a while. My final take was that we really only pay one side, since we operate solely off the bid line on our charts. IOW, we pay up front to enter long, or we pay as we exit from a short. Now your numbers have me questioning this, and I would be interested to hear your understanding.

In regards to your trading costs percentage, does this not only apply in your example if all trades return the same average profit per trade. I think the allure of trend trading is the possibility of 2R, 3R, 10R - hell, while we're at it, lets grab a couple 20+R trades per year  If that would be occurring per annum, would that not greatly reduce our costs of 4%? Again, I ask only for my own enlightenment. And it's quite possible that my understanding of MM is sorely lacking, and the R value does not even factor into your discussion. It just seemed to me that profits could vary wildly, and thus the cost ratio could surely change ?? When you have time, would be great to hear more.

And I apologize if this is so far off base that you can't even make sense of it

Trade safe ... meph

--- 帖子 #384 ---
As to your point, if you are going to move your SL to breakeven I am going to get something for my trade. So 2 pips or whatever is better than nothing. If you are not going to use the BE even philosophy then you are right. As far as the cost of trading goes, that is the cost of trading. When I take a trade I prepay the cost, once I make a profit that cost is gone and it costs me nothing from there on out. The only way to save the cost of trading is to not trade. Percentage arguments dont mean that much to me because they are part of every trade. If you take a 30 pip loss you still have the cost of that trade. It is just part of the business so a 2 pip profit is better than none and far better than a loss.

The second point is I set my trades and go to work. The MPTM protects me from taking losses. Yes  I miss some profits too but I have found out trading 20 some currencies allows me to make a profit. If I take 5 trades and one runs and the others are plus 2 then so be it. It has more to do with trading style and lifestyle. My philosophy is this: never let a winner turn into a loser. Once I get to 15 pips I cant lose.

My percentage of winners to losers is around 65% using the 5MA cross on counter trading and not letting my DD grow larger than 10% of my account. I do not know the percentage with this system yet because I have not traded it long enough.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Yes, and as I have discovered, lots of trades taking small profits add up to lots of profits.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Starting Monday I will have a live account and will post my trades live like I have in the past. Good or bad here we come. However, I may switch to reporting before the Euro session instead of before the jpy session like I did before. That is because the best setups will be seen from the beginning of the euro to the beginning of the USA session. I also dont want to interfere with the Monday gaps and want them to clear before I post my selections.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Hey Bob will you be taking as many trades as possible regardless of which session is open?  I know before you mentioned that you check the charts approx 3 times a day.

thx,

todd

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Hello all,

I loaded the new trend 1.0 on demo and took a couple of trades yesterday. Still a little too early to tell anything.

I did trade the same system that evolved for me from the V5.3/6.1 combo and made over 80 pips live.

Forgive me if I repeat anything here that others have stated, but I skipped all the stuff that recommended changes to the system. So I may have missed a post or 30.

On both the counter and the trend I was trading the same pairs and same direction. Guess I was lucky

I can see how they differ and the biggest difference is that he 1.0 trend basically eliminated the trades that go against the trend. redundant, but let me explain.

On the counter trades one would take all trades that go outside the TMA and trade back to the center, but on the new trend 1.0 we only take trades in the direction of the trend and take half the trades we would with the counter system.

you can look at it as  it is a new wrinkle to the old system or a new system all together.

Just my thoughts...and either way we all need to thank NB and all others that have contributed to this.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Good Luck NB, one question, what will/do you do in the situation where you have 4 or 5 pairs containing the same currency?

a) only run the EA on the couple that look most to your liking?

b) run the EA on all of them, but only take the first couple of entries and cancel the rest?

c) take all the entries, but spread one trade size over all of the pairs?  (if you're taking 5 GBP pairs, and your usual size is 0.05, then each pair in this case would be allocated 0.01 or 0.02)

d) something else?

I usually assume that if 4 or 5 pairs containing the same currency start moving together, therefore all giving the same entry signal, the chance of most of them continuing in the same direction is high. This would mean that most will end up with the same result.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
In trend trading your best runs are from euro session until the middle of the USA session. So that is the best place to concentrate on. Also I have a lunch break that will allow me to run my EA. I maybe be able to post my results then too. This leaves my mornings to get ready for school and post my trades at the beginning of GMT time. The counter trend system I could pick up some trades during the jpy session but I dont see where I will get a lot of trades during that time.

I also want to work on one last filter which I need to study this weekend. I will probably add a daily or 4H trend line to go with the weekly to help filter out the retracement back to the 240. So far not enough study to make a decision. Basically the standard MTF view but you will see it on one chart. I just wish some of the people would trade their ideas first before posting them, it just clutters up the thread. If you say I tried this idea for a week and this is my result you get a ton of respect from other traders. But when people just post their favorite idicator it just plugs up the thread. You have to understand when I post the 5x5, it is because I have tested 5x1 and 5x2 and 5x3 and so on. The 5x5 had the least amount of peeker trades. That is why I chose it. I have used the TMA for over 2 months now, it works not for entering trades but letting you know a setup is at hand. That is why I chose it. I already know about the movement later on but that doesnt matter in the present. I am using the 240 for the first time but it makes complete sense to me. Got it from a very experienced trader who I asked and told about all my problems with trend following. He gave me the answer that he had used for years. That made sense to me. If you are going to propose a change in the system test it first and give us your live results. Most of the things posted I have already tried and know what the setbacks will be. Anyway enough of my sermon.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Actually I see a point where we blend the contertrade with the trend. As the trend begins changing we can counter trade. I think during divergance we dont counter trade. That may do wonders for the countertrade thread. When we see convergance we begin to countertrade all the way to the trend divergance and then to the next convergance change to countertrading then. It maybe the one key that stops the big DD. I have to look at that on a 4H chart and see how to set it up but if not trading during divergance helps that system, you know we make a ton of pips with it. It took a hard study at trend trading to see that though. Another idea for the weekend. So my cup is full.

I may go back to the old 60x90 thread and trade that in the direction of convergance and divergance. Once you see the potential this may clear up all my trading systems into very successful ones. That is the exciting part to me but you know, like I told Steve, I am a one step at a time person and this is my next step learning to trend trade successfully.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Hi Bob,

Have you tried in your study to see how far a pair (especially eurusd) can move away from the 240MA so it can be considered over extended??

The reason I ask is that, if we know the average distance a pair can move away from the 240MA which represent the wkly trend, then we can also be looking for areas of reversal.

Just a thought to further improve this great ideas for more pips.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
That always changes with whatever fundamentals are working on the currency at the time. Your indicators will show the change when it happens. The problem I have always had with trend trending is knowing when it starts and when it ends. I have that definition now what I want to add is a warning that it could be changing and heading back to its median. That will be next.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
I took one trade yesterday for 36 pips. Here is a eur/chf trade from yesterday. I played the bounce off of the 240 line and it worked. If price had continued the EA would not have taken the trade.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
I see two trade setups for tonight. Almost all currencies are sitting in the middle which means the market is not sure which way the news will take it tonight. However that could change by the USA open. First is the aud/chf and the second is the USD/CAD. Here are the pics. The Aud/chf has just crossed into an UT and if it goes we are at the very beginning of it. The second the usd/cad has ranged and if the news is bad tonight would make a beautirul trade. If it is good the EA should keep you out.

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Here are two more possibles. I am not taking the gbp/chf but I will take the aud/nzd. The Aud/Nzd is a very good ranging pair to trade and when it is ranging just load up and take the pips. I am not taking the gbp/chf because the aud/chf looks like the much better trade. The aud/nzd just looks good right now.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
The most intriguing trade possibility is the USD/JPY It looks like a great counter trade right now if the news is bad tonight. However, that could change by news time if price retraces in the next 3 hours. Of course this violates my rules but as a news trade it looks intriguing. I wont decide to take this until news time though.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Also, I have a suggestion for a good SL location on all pairs. If the SL was set at the distance from the outer line to middle line of the TMA. Each pair would have its own SL setting that would match its present volatility. So if the distance is 60 pips then the EA would set the SL at 60 or like the USD/jpy is now at 25 that would be its SL. It could also give you a choice set it at 1/2 or 3/4 that distance then your ratio to profit would be better. The SL also needs to be hidden and triggered from the EA and maybe a protective SL of say 100 set at the brokers as protection in case of your computer or internet going down.

Steve is that doable??? Love to challenge his programming skills.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
I am going to have to program this into the auto-trader so I have to devise the code anyhow.

Rather than try to do a piecemeal development of several different ea's for what are really the same functions, here is what I propose: add an input to the auto-trader that will send it onto 'waiting' mode as if it were one of the buy/sell ea's we are using here. Users will use it in their manual trading and drag it onto the chart when there is a setup add the visual stop loss that the criminals can see - a user setting of, say, 100 pips add the hidden stop loss feature The advantage of this is that users will have the added functionality of the auto-trader built in; it includes the most popular mptm features and will save having to run this separately. Users can then use jumping/trailing stops etc that suit the volatility of the individual pair.

As trade exits become more sophisticated, I can add them to the auto-trader. The end result will be a fantastic EA that traders can use either as an auto-trader or purely as an adjunct to their manual trading.

Leave it with me.

--- 帖子 #400 ---
That is fantastic. Great!

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Dang havent seen this. Cad dropped like a rock and is low USDJPY is high and usd chf is in the middle. I have no read on tonights news gonna protect my 36 pip cad profit and see if it runs tonight.

I just saw an interesting scenario. The gbpchf and gbpjpy if you buy the gbpchf and  price on the gbp goes up tonight you are in. if it goes down you are not. If you take a sell on the gbp/jpy and gbp goes down you are in but if it goes up you are not. Maybe a win win no matter what. I have never tried this before ................. hmmmmmmmmmmmmm.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
This is great.

I will wait.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Took 3 trades:

gbp/chf - entered long manually a few pips late as I had just sat down to start the day ... 15 min prior to NFP release ... stopped out on a spike w/ 16p slippage,lol, ... luckily, the trade volume setting was 5X less that what my buy EA is set at, so cost wise -10pip [-50 p actual]... (note to self: best to stay on sidelines pre-report, something I already know well -> discipline)

nzd/chf - entered long @ 0.73191 w/ EA, manual TP @ 0.73511 on approach to upper TMA +32

Edit: Correction - apparently this trade was also manual entry. I sure thought when typing this up that two EA's had entered, but the charts say differently

Edit #2: hmm - can't quite figure this out. IBFX Expert log shows nzd/chf NB EA has sent a trade and suspended itself, and the trade volume confirms, but I don't think I manually removed the EA ... whatever

aud/chf - entered long @0.95899 w/ EA, manual TP @ 0.96342 after stall on spike up +44

I soon found out that you become busier than a one-legged waitress at IHOP restaurant w/ multiple entries firing off ... setting stops, taking pics, etc. At this stage, I'm pleased w/ the TP's, although feel much more is in the offering once I can settle in w/ all this.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
My two major picks went well the usd/cad and the aud chf. One is at 60 and the other 40. I will take that 100 pips. I did decided to take the usd jpy but had a real late entry so  not much there even though if it had entered on the line it also would have been a nice trade. The aud/nzd entered went back down and then came back to almost BE so I closed it out for the night. Dont feel like holding anything over the weekend. I tried the gbp/chf and gbp/jpy thing the gbp/chf went almost 100 and the gbp/jpy did a peeker at -55 so I closed them both for +35 total. So 135 pip night going to bed now.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
I see the same things and will not post my ideas on how to combine the 2 here to maintain the purity of this thread. If I hit on something I will PM it to you.

I did not trade the 60x90 and would have to go and read that thread, but I do know I like entering trades off the BB instead of crosses. The entries can be 20 pips or so better sometimes. We learned that on the 6.0/6.1 versions.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
I ran tests over the same period on the EURJPY.  I only ran these tests with the small stop loss.  That means that I am using half the distance from the entry to the prior swing high/low as the measure for stop loss.

The results for this pair were even better than the last two pairs I measured.

Total trades:  172

Winners: 65

Winning Percentage: 38%

This is remarkably consistent.  With EU, it was the same.  With USDDKK it was 40%.  The consistency over what are probably unrelated pairs gives me much confidence in the strength of the system.  Now for the cool number:

Expectancy:  1.02R

This means that on this run, for every dollar risked, you could expect to see a profit of $1.02.  That is just through the roof extraordinary.  Anything above a .10 or .15 expectancy can make for a nice system, provided you keep costs down and use good money management.

Over this run, if you risked 1% of your account/trade, a 10K account would grow to approx. 47K.  At 2% risk/trade, the growth would be more like 10K to 150K.  I'm attaching an equity curve that shows both the 1% and 2% growth projections.

The caveats I have for this are twofold.  To trade this system well, you have to be willing to take losses.  4-5 losses in a row are frequent.  Sometimes there are as many as 8 losses in a row.  I've seen that for every pair I've tested.

Also, it's not easy to say what will be a 1% or 2% risk when you put the EA on.  If you really wanted these results, you would probably have to stay at the computer 24/7.

Finally, I've tried to find some patterns that would eliminate losers.  I can't see one.  Yes, there are series of trades that lose when the EAs are converging.  But then these are often followed by low risk, explosive winners.  Getting rid of the losers in this way, from what I've seen, would lower both the risk and the profitability of the system.  That's a question of judgment and taste.

But, let's put this in perspective.  A system with an expectancy anywhere from .75 to maybe over 1 simply isn't broken.  Far from it.  There's no need to try to fix this.  And, in my opinion, its almost stupid to try.  Test it yourself.  If you think there is some room for improvement, do the tests and show the results.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Ok, I have adapted the auto-trader so that it can also act as a buy/sell 'waiting' ea as do the buy/sell ea's here. Rather than put it here where it will get lost in about 20 minutes, I have posted it in the auto-trading thread at
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...29#post4288129

Please go there and read post 1 for details. The post is a bit complicated, but so is the ea - the more flexible a bot has to be, the more complicated it is to use.

I have not been able to test the code to destruction, so live traders might be better off sticking with the ea's here until we know for sure that my bot works as intended. I am putting it up for public consumption before the markets open next week so that coders can see if they can find any holes in the logic.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Duffy I love your research thanks for all the work.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Duffy,

Please don't tell me you are using the TMA when visually scrolling the chart and manually calculating the trades...

Please tell me you are using TMAtrue...

I know i will get Bob angry at me by yet again putting up the TMA/TMAtrue fight, but everyone must be definitely convinced that using TMA rather than TMAtrue for visual backtesting on charts is PURE CRAP!

I fully agree with Bob that TMA and TMAtrue make no difference when used on the CURRENT BAR: they both give the same result, this is ABSOLUTELY TRUE.

However, this is not true anymore on the PAST BARS.

TMA gives an absolutely unbelievable visual result on charts.

To make it short, TMA uses FUTURE BARS to compute its current value.

Which obviously cannot be the case for the current bar...

SO PLEASE: DO NOT USE TMA FOR VISUAL BACKTEST !
USE ONLY TMAtrue !

You can use TMA or TMAtrue for real time trading, they will make no difference to measure crossings or bands breakout.

I hope this is clear enough for everyone...

Now, Duffy, if you have used TMAtrue for your backtests, then this is pure GOLD.

We should all reward you for this research, and Bob for this yet-another-fantastic-work !

Bod, as you ironically said earlier : just a 1$ fee per download (who can't afford that???) of your post-1 files would already make a bit of your living...

Sq.

quote=duffypratt;4297283]I ran tests over the same period on the EURJPY.  I only ran these tests with the small stop loss.  That means that I am using half the distance from the entry to the prior swing high/low as the measure for stop loss.

The results for this pair were even better than the last two pairs I measured.

...[/quote]

--- 帖子 #410 ---
[/quote]

But the TMA is not the point of entrance, whether you use TMA True or TMA doesnt change the entrance point. Now it may affect the exit because the lines have moved if you are using the bottom line to TP but it would not effect the entrance. Either way the info about where one takes the entrance and SL hits would not change however the amount of TP might. The TP area, however, is discretionary because in back testing we usually take the more ideal exit but in real life we may not. So his info as far a percentage of profitable trades to SL would not change but the amount of profit could be idealistic. Anyways welcome, are you interested in developing the indicator that would give us the angle of distance from the TMA center to the 240MA. Something like a MACD would be nice. I would care if you used the TMA True or TMA.

Oh by the way when I developed the system I used TMA True. Just thought I would let you know.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Thanks bob for the explanations.

I am just very concerned about the results Duffy posted: the return is so high that it puts doubt on the type of TMA he used, especially because he scrolled the chart to find the entries and exits.

As far as i understand , TMA Bands are used to enter and/or TP, and TMA Bands directly depend on the type of TMA used.

As for the indicator development, i would be happy to help if i can.

One remark: i saw earlier in the thread the "TMA Angle" MACD-looking indicator that Kumars4x posted (very nice work!): it plots the diff between the 240MA and TMA(true), along with the convergence/divergence plotted with different colors.

Isn't that what you are looking for ?

Please post details of your request here, i'll check it out.

Sq

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Actually it is close to what I wanted, looks like it works good maybe a hair off but close enough. Dont know why I asked for it again. Sorry. Actually I will add to page 1 when I do my next update.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
[/quote]

I'm using TMA true for the tests.  There may be some problems with my methodology, but the indicators aren't a problem.  It's impossible to test for slippage.  It's nearly impossible to filter out news.  In areas where there may be judgment involved, its almost impossible to know whether I would make the same decision in real time.  (On the last, I try my best to err on the side of unprofitability, so the results will be conservative at least in that way.)

I went through this before when Bob first posted version 6.  I tested it using TMA centered at first.  I was ready to get my Maserati, the results were so good.  Then I tested it again using the strategy tester, and had a rude awakening.

There is one way in which the TMA Centered may differ, and be more useful, than TMA True in live trading.  It gives a very smoothed look to price movement.  If any decisions ultimately get made based on the shape of the TMA curve immediately before the trade is taken, then visual backtesting will become impossible (and I would then move to the strategy tester, which takes much more time).

Hope this helps.  And if it makes you feel better, I've come across a pair that does not perform as well as the three I've already tested.  I'll have results on that pair later today.  It seems to do about half as well, at least through the first year of tests.  And it is prone to losing streaks.  More later.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
I am not disputing the fact that your NB 1.0 Trend system is not profitable. It very well may be.

No one is disputing the fact that the TMA Centered and TMATrue are the same in real time (for the current bar). Everyone can clearly see this by looking at a chart with both indicators attached.

No one is disputing this either. We all know that the trade is entered by the 5x5 EA when the price crosses the 5x5 MA going in your trade direction.

Our issues are with the triggers used - the criteria that must be met before turning on the 5x5 EA. For example, if we are looking for a Long trade, we must have the triggers:

- In an uptrend - the center line of the TMA must be above the 240 MA.

- Price retracing to the bottom TMA line - anything close, touching, or crossing the green line is acceptable.

When looking at historical data, the TMA Centered indicator does not accurately reflect the actual TMA values during those bars. See charts below - the first chart reflects trades #1 and #2 from your manual using TMA Centered, the second chart is the exact same except it uses TMATrue.

Please explain how my analysis is incorrect?

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Good to hear that!

Slippage, news, etc, should not be a so big deal, they are probably negligeable compared to the profits.

Agreed, TMA Centered gives a good feeling of overall past price movement for sure, although it "degrades" as you are nearing the current bar.

Whôt ???? i thought this system was the Holy Grail ?!?

Good work Duffy for the manual backtest, this is very helpful and will certainly serve as a reference to estimate the EA's performance.

If you saved the list of trades on one of the pairs you tested -- unless you just noted the trades results in your spreadsheet, which i could easily understand

If you are going to test another pair manually teh same way, may i suggest you to draw a vertical line on top of the opening and the closing candles for each trade ?

That is very quick to do with MT4;

Then save the resulting chart as a template and post this template, so we can all see those trades.

-- not an obligation at all of course, this is just an idea to have a reference to compare with the EA trades run thru the backtester on the same pair.

It could also serve for discussions on possible areas of improvements perhaps.

Thanks Duffy for this hard work.

Sq

--- 帖子 #416 ---
When I was testing the 5MA series, it did not take long before I realized there needed to be another filter. One that improved the odds by showing that price had retraced to a point where you could turn on the EA. The second thing I needed was something that would define the trend. In reality any tunnel type system would probably work. Bollinger bands were too erratic and other systems like Vegas, Cog, etc. basically all had the same problem. I needed something that gave a range. That is what TMA does based on ATR. There are other tunnel systems based on other indicators but the basic idea is the same. We want to enter on the retrace and second we want to avoid as much as possible the peeker trade. Those are the three problems.

1. What is a trend?

2. What is a retracement?

3. Avoiding peeker trades?

Now due to the fact that prices fluctuate and there is no real science to it you go with what may work best. The problem is this: Is TMA true any more accurate than TMA regular? First off you must set them to the same settings to compare. TMA true is set at 3.0 and TMA is set to 2.0 but I corrected that in my chart template. Even though there are differences I dont consider them significant because in real time they both say the same thing. So ............... here we go again. What do we do? If we take TMA off the screen then I would have to teach when price breaks a clear distance from the 5MA you want to turn it on in the direction of the trend. The TMA just gives a visual of that process. I mean if the TMA bothers you that much take the outside lines off the screen and just use: when TMA center is above the 240MA only buy and when it is below only Sell. Well the first thing you will need is: When do I reenter? Well, some kind of tunnel system would work here. Which one should I use? They  all will move. You could use a MA with 100 pips above and below but then you would have to develop different distances for every pair. Why do all that work when there are tunnel systems already there to use. TMA uses ATR so that makes some sense.

Four rules of trading:

1. Follow the Trend. OK define it.

2. Buy the dips, sell the rallies. OK define it

3. Where do you  close out your profit? Ok define it

4. Where and when does the trend change? Ok define it.

That is what this does. If you think it will fit every single trade scenario you are smoking something. However, and this is the question, Does this give you an edge in trading? AHHHHHHHH that is the million dollar question. Starting Monday I am putting up 500 bucks to find out. If I start racking up profits over a long term of time all the questioners will have to go run and hide like they did when I showed them you could counter trade with high leverage and the RWB indicator. Same problem was presented then, the MACD line moves The MACD line moves, .... well 1 year and over 10,000 pips later no one is arguing with me anymore on that issue. It took govt. regs to blow that system out of the water.

Starting Monday I will attempt to prove that moving TMA lines are not a real problem. I wish my self luck.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
The quickest and shortest answer to your question is this.

1. They both show the same thing in real time so it is not an issue.

2. We saw we had plenty of possible trades in the first week and we had more winners than losers and most of our winners were bigger than our losers.

3. So ...................... we look to the future not the past and I am not so sure that TMA true is so true. That is an assumption that may not be true.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
It would take too long for me to write down dates and times of the trades.  I used to do that for my own back tests.  This is just quick and dirty.  I might play with the vertical lines some.  I think that's a good idea, if someone was really interested in seeing how the tests work.  I hadn't thought about saving it as a template.  That's a good idea.

--- 帖子 #419 ---
I ran two years of tests on this pair, using the same system.  Tests run with Bob's 1.0 Trend With TMA True template.  Stop loss set at 1/2 the previous swing low/high.  Take profit at opposite TMA line.  No break even.

Total Trades:  222

Winners: 77

Winning Percentage:  35%

Expectancy:  .56

This pair seems much more erratic than the other three I have tested.  It doesn't swing.  Instead it seems to jerk around wildly.  I passed on many winning trades because the 5 hadn't moved close enough to the band yet.  Then, when they did come together, the trend would already have turned on a dime, and there would be no retrace.  Even so, the results are pretty good, just not as great as on the other pairs.

I didn't test it, but there are many consecutive losing trades when price the TMA is coming strongly back to the 240.  And this pair didn't seem to offer alot of big trades at the end of those runs as compensation for the losses.  Or at least not as regularly.

And there were many losing streaks: 1 nine, 2 eights, 3 sixes, and 3 fives.  Each of those gives a pretty hefty drawdown.  The nine in a row should be pretty obvious on the attached equity curve.  Again, the curve shows growth for both1% and 2% equity risked/ trade.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
I think you will find this true with most any pair with the CHF. It is the one that gave me the most fits this last year counter trend trading. If it wasnt the gbp/chf then it was the usd/chf or eur/chf or chf/jpy. The CHF was the haven currency from the Euro and GBP and every time news happened people would hide their money there until things got better and then they would sell out causing long trends as they jumped in for long periods and then jumped out for long periods as they went to other investments. So I guess your analysis doesnt surprise me. So it had a tendency to jump around unpredictably.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Hey, Bob. Before your answer, my response would have been... none. I have been attempting to learn Forex for a year or so and have realized that backtests mean sh!t. Only forward testing really matters. And the markets continue to change. And every broker is different; different spreads, different hours... So I'm wondering who this zznbrm (what does that mean?) is and is he/she here only to cause discord? We have been over the discussion of TMA so many time, I suggest you simply do not respond to any other comments on the subject. And when zznbrm says "our issues are", I wonder who the rabble is that he/she is leading who have all these issues? I have only seen a few people concerned with the TMA issue and for some reason, a few of them can't seem to get past this. In fact in Steve's autotrader thread, there is a comparison between the TMA and the LWMA. Check it out. Besides, as ALL Forex investors (should) know, "past results is not an indication of future performance", or something. So if anyone insists on dwelling on the past, well, start a new thread.

I will probably get blasted for this reply but I really don't care.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
LOL it did allow me to teach a little further what I go through before I come to my conclusions. It is easy to criticize it is much harder to solve problems. You move up in the  world by solving problems not point out faults. However there is a logic to my madness and I hope that helps others understand how I try to solve them. I am a teacher, teachers who mope and complain never get anywhere, teachers who solve problems move up. It is that simple. Almost 12,000 downloads, that shows that people are looking for answers to the problem and maybe I have solved enough that people listen when I think I have solved a problem. This thread and I have said before, tries to define the trend and then shows how to follow it. People, including myself, have been trying to define the trend for years. This is my effort to do so. Anyways, no more talk, I put my money on the line starting Monday, sink or swim.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Just a bit.

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Question was why the charts can look different with diferent brokers. Here was my answer. Maybe some can add more to this.

"Problem is not you and the problem is not the broker. Probably the MT4 time setting is different. People in Europe MT4 TF will be different than those in the USA and different from those in Asia. This affects all indicators including candles etc. So the lines will be different between brokers. But this has more to do with the area of the world than anything else. For example those that trade in Australia and New Zealand get to trade before anyone else in the world. When my broker opens in the USA trading has been going on for hours and gaps happen in price action. Also those candles are not figured into the math at the beginning of the week with my broker but they are in New Zealand. Nothing you can do about it.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
I only see three potential trades for Monday gbp/jpy, gbp/usd, usd/jpy. I wont turn on the EAs though until I see the gaps and will probably wait until just before the Euro open. The two jpy could be profitable during JPY session session so keep your eyes on them. Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Bob, over in the auto-trader thread, some of the guys are suggesting that the 5MA needs to be the 'correct' side of the TMA centre for a trade to be taken - below for a buy and above for a sell.

Is this a part of your consideration?

If 'yes', I will add the filter.

If 'no' I will forget it.

If 'maybe' I will add it as a user option.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Yes the line should be on the same side of the TMA center as trade entrance however there is some discretion here. After the USA session to the open of the EURO you wont get much price movement so the lines maybe far apart but close the gap by the time the EUR or USA session opens. So I might turn on the EA early for those but would never do that during the USA session. Also the line is 5 hours in the future so if it dips strongly like the USD/JPY pic above I would like that scenario because the two will crash into each other in several hours and the trade should be good. For those that have computer access to their trades all day they can check every hour for a better tun on but for me I may not see the screen again for 4-6 hours and will take the chance they will meet later when the markets get busier. Of course you cant program that kind of discretion so ............

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Steve I would lilke to see a time sensitive EA that wont trade until after 0000 GMT time. I dont think we will get much in trades or profit before the Euro session. Unlike the counter trade method where we maybe happy with those 20-40 pip profits during the JPY session I dont see that happening very much with this. I put the 5MA too far away. It is only looking for the stron move with the trend.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Those are the trading hours inputs. You can set am start/finish and pm start/finish.

They work on your computer's local time, so you set it to start trading after whatever your local time is at 0.00 gmt.

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Oops. I just went to the code to add the 5MA filter, to find it is already included.

Clearly, I was taking notice of your documentation when I coded the ea - I forgot subsequently.  Hey ho.

Make sure you use the ea's here for your live trading until I have tested the one in my thread to make sure it fulfils its waiting functions correctly. I am away for a couple of days and will not have access to the internet, so it will be Weds here in the UK before I can start testing properly.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
I did not know our screen names have to "mean" something.

No, I am not here only to cause discord. There are a lot of people that read this thread...they deserve to know that many of the example trades in nanningbob's manual are erroneous and the strategy is not as great as it looks at first glance in backtest (or simply looking back through the charts) using the TMA Centered indicator.

It just pains me to continuously see the erroneous use of indicators. Not just on this thread, but throughout the entire FF community. People just do not understand how to use them correctly when looking at the past. They get blinded by the almight dollar.

It is a real shame that nanningbob cannot understand what the issue is.

It would probably be best if nanningbob simply banned me from the thread. On second thought, it makes more sense that I do not post anymore. I've made my point...so has nanningbob. As is always the case, it is up to each trader to make up their mind for themselves.

Yeah...I'm the leader of a posse who's sole purpose is to bring discontent to Forex Factory trading discussions.

I've received many PM's about this issue - traders wondering the same thing - why would anyone show past "example" trades based upon the TMA Centered indicator?

Who do you think wrote the TMATrue indicator?

Why would you get blasted for your reply? You are just another "anonymous" person stating his opinion.

Look, the bottom line is this:

Everyone backtests in one way or another - be it visually looking through their charts, using an EA in MT4 Strategy Tester, using a Simulator, or writing their own custom-built testing mechanism. Everyone puts a different degree of importance to this backtesting.

Depending on the specifications of the strategy and the method used to backtest, the accuracy of the results will vary greatly. But one thing I can assure you...

Past results based upon re-calculating (repainting) indicators will always be invalid unless the proper steps are taken to "correct" the re-calculated data of these indicators.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
zznbrm I think you've turned the horse into glue by now.  Bob has explained over and over that the TMA is only a guide and the 5x5 in for entry.  Every single trade taken using TMA True as the guide, would also have been taken using TMA Center as the guide.  Sure, if you go back in history and look at TMA Centered there will have been more trades, but that's not the point.  The point is in real time, TMA True gives the same guidlines as TMA Centered.

So why don't you just drop the endless argument and let us worry about when and how we enter a trade.

thx,

todd

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Correct, but NB's documentation has charts that were not based on real time, they were historical. Look back at zznbrm's comparison graph and you will see two examples of NB's method that would have taken trades (as in NB's documentation), but would not have been taken in real-time. This cannot simply be overlooked.

Now this is not nessesarily an issue but something to take note of and resolve. How do you resolve an issue with a system that uses repainting indis. In this case, use TMATrue for backtesting or forward test.

Lucky for us duffypratt has backtested using TMATrue and still found good results. NB is about to forward test.

I suggest that all those "TMA is crap" people forward test and prove that the system is still crap in real-time, as I think we can safely say we've been warned about the repainting/historical/real-time issue and also suggest that those "close my eyes and ears and just follow a system without really understanding" people wait for the forward test results to see if real-time trading with TMA is still profitable even though historical backtest charts using TMA are fundimentaly flawed.

Personally, I cannot rely on the backtests of historical charts with TMA attached, that is why I load the template in strat tester and visually real-time test historical data as the bars tick. I have a gut feeling that the system will still be profitable, but with less trades than expected.

JC

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Hi Bob et al,

This is a TMATrue vs 240MA histogram (need to have TMATrue.ex4 in indicator folder). Once again, I'm sure someone else will come up with a prettier all singing all dancing version.

JC

--- 帖子 #435 ---
DANGER, WILL ROBINSON!! Did you intend to use the H4 for GBPJPY? On the H1 it's in an UT.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
As people may have guessed by now, I'm a fan of backtesting.  It's silly to think that a person could come up with a good system in any market without having first studied how the market has behaved.  Backtesting simply puts the idea to the test on the best data that is available.

For those who prefer forward testing, you should understand its limitations as well.  A backtest can give you an approximation for how a system would have performed over the period tested.  Forward testing does exactly the same thing.  It's superiority comes from two factors:  it takes things like slippage into account; and it also incorporates the trader (in real time) into the test.  Other than being more accurate in these two ways, it is no better an indicator of how the system will perform in the future.  Like any test, it can only tell you how the system actually performed over a sample of trades.  The main drawback of forward testing, of course, is that it takes a long time.

Also, please keep in mind what my tests have shown so far.  They show very good results over the last year and half on three pairs:  EU, EJ, and USDDKK.  They show decent, but not great, results over the last two years for GBPCHF.  More pairs to come.  They say nothing at all about how the system would perform in other markets.  And they say very little about how well a person, who has emotions and the need to sleep, could actually trade the system.

Lets say the TMA and the 240 are converging, and there's been alot of volatility.  Already, you have had three failed set-ups, and are now down 6% on your account.  The system says to take another trade.  But the stop loss now is only 15, and you have been burned three times in a row.  Do you take the trade?  My guess is that most people wouldn't.  But this is exactly the point where I have seen trades take off for 120-150 pips.  The six percent loss becomes a 10-15% net gain in the fourth trade.  But how many people would have the courage to actually trade it this way?  Would I?  I don't know the answer to that.

The biggest problem with backtesting is that people tend to make too much of the results.  That's why so many people get taken by people who have come up with curve-fitted black boxes.  Real trading is very different.  From my tests, I think that this system is promising.  I have no idea yet whether I could trade it with success.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
OOOOOOOOPPSSSSSSSS sorry. Scratch the GBP/JPY. Thanks for the catch.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
There is one major problem with your argument and that is this, a note from one trader but I probably have gotten hundreds of them over the years. I quote:

"Thank you very much for your systems.I follow your threads nearly 2 years and through your ideas I found a good trading style for myself.

Now I have more winners than loosers. http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/s...im/winking.gif"

You think a system will fail because you think that if an indicator has a weakness it cant be used. We are not using the TMA's weakness, we are using its strength. That is the weakness of your argument that you cannot see. But enough of this. Heard the same arguments with the RWB indicator. We over came its weaknesses too to become profitable.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
I have removed the 1 voucher needed to post. Simply filling up my mailbox with questions and answers that really should be public. So i think i made my point. Thanks for your patience.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Bob, thank you very much for your all contributions. I have a confusion point about 5+5 MA. In your text (1. message) you said that this is smoothed MA but in one message that LWMA. Which one?

--- 帖子 #441 ---
eu is usddkk, just mirrored. the dkk is pegged to the eur.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
If you're referring to my post, then ignore it please.  Just learn the system as Bob explains it.  I just saw someone comparing the 2 over in Steve's autotrader and they may use it because of the greatly reduced impact on the CPU when running Steve's EA.

Again, if it's not in Post 1 Page 1, then it's all speculation

--- 帖子 #443 ---
You getting notes from hundreds of traders has nothing whatsoever to do with my argument. If that is the "one major problem with" my argument, then I feel pretty good about it.

I know what "winners" are, but what are "loosers"?

Regardless, I am truly happy for you.

If you actually read my posts you would know I never said this and I certainly do not think this way.

I stand by my statements in this post: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=414

and wish you much success with your strategy.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Good idea

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Ditto Todd

--- 帖子 #446 ---
I didn't know that.  Thanks for the info.  It's curious then how my broker, MBTrading offers both for trading, at different spreads.

On the larger time frames, they pairs do seem to exactly mirror each other.  On the smaller time frames, there start to be subtle differences.  And on the one minute chart, there seem to be some more pronounced differences.  I don't understand how this works, or why there would even be a trading market for a currency that is pegged to another.   Learn something new about this business every day.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Even though they may mirror each other and one is based on the other, their daily exchange and trades in business, govt., etc. would not be exactly the same. So as trades between the two currencies happen this would be different. but overall long term they would be about equal.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Just entered UJ long at 83.11. Will post result when it happens. Probably tomorrow morning.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
OK USD/JPY and GBP/USD  look good as trades. I would also watch the aud/usd as a weak maybe. Will check in before the USA open see how things develop.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
hi guys , could someone give a comment about this trade, i am new to this system

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Hi Lazar...I'm very new to this method, so.... but I don't think that was a short trade. I think you need to wait for price to touch/nearly touch the higher (red) tma band, and then take the trade if/when price breaks the 5 MA. Sure that others will correct me if I am wrong.

freddi

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Lazar, why did you enter this trade? When trading short, TMA needs to be below the 240ma (which is the case here) but the price needs to come back above the upper TMA band (the red one).   I suggest rereading NB's manual,  if the instructions are difficult to follow(not sure how that can be though)  then look at the visual examples.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
I've entered usd/jpy gbp/usd as well with steve manual Ea.

I'm using the stop loss with half swing as suggested by duffy, actually the trade is running for +8 and +42 pips.

Tp is set on the tma opposite site.

We'll see

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Did  anyone tried this method on Oil, Gold, Copper or FUS500? I'm wondering is it the ultimate solution for all charts. I traded Oil and Copper a few times and sometimes it was realy big pips' harvesting.

misiek

--- 帖子 #455 ---
thats the problem , i didnt enter by myself.Sell Ea activated this trade,and i am trying to see why did he activated .i didnt see trigger for that  i forgot to turn EA baton off last night

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Unless you riding a strong USD or very weak EURO this trade has nothing to do with the system. Go read the rules again.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Hi Bob

You are so HONEST MAN

--- 帖子 #458 ---
In regards to the alerts of the TMA Indicator, at the moment although I'm working from home I tend to rely on the Audio alerts (sometimes the email notification) of the TMA bands to bring my attention to the chart.

Now, when I'm scanning for a potential set-up and thinking to myself, hmm if say the eur/usd was in a strong downward move, then i'm looking for a touch of the upper TMA to confirm a nice set-up.

However, during the move the chances are it hugs the bottom band setting of the alert mostly false (bottom band).

It would be nice, if the TMA code be altered as a setting to specificy which band you want to the audio / email alert. i.e only notify me via audio/email if the upper band is touched and vice-versa for the reverse move.

Upper Band Alert (Downtrend)

Lower Band Alert (UpTrend)

Both Band's (Flat Market)

This way we could scan a lot of charts early in the sessions and hand pick which set-ups were waiting for, then when we do get an alert, the chances are it's a valid set-up.

Just an idea??

(And I do apologise if the TMA already has this functionality, I cant seem to find it lol)

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Hi All

Some doubt here.

Is this a viable trade? As the 5MA is below the blue TMA.

I am planning to activate for short setup.

Thanks

Ian

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Based on the rules of the system you should be entering that trade

--- 帖子 #461 ---
I think the 5MA is too far away. May need to wait for a better setup?

--- 帖子 #462 ---
To me looking at lots of hrs of candles does that kind of price action scream a great trend or any kind of direction. to me the chart looks like the "Chop Monster" is there and direction is all over the place.

All it says to me is lots of indesicion. Yes the indicators etc and criteria for this system may be all in order to justify a trade but

Id Say NO. I reckon down the Casino could be a better bet than that USDCAD short.

Ive noticed a bit of CAD strength but also dollar strength over the last 4 - 5 sessions. This is why this pair is going nowhere!

--- 帖子 #463 ---
I've activated the EA for possible entry into usd/cad. My thought is price is in congestion, and the 5X5 should slowly creep up into a better position if we are to experience downward momentum later. That, and the pin bar doesn't look too shabby. But will this jinx my long usd/jpy

Edit: pulled the plug on usd/jpy just after submitting above for +1. Never made it to +15/+3, so probably shooting self in foot for side stepping the suggested trade mgmt. Rattyo makes good points on u/c, but currently just trying to accumulate some mileage w/ the system.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Yes to be Long and short dollar at the same time is possibly not a good idea.

At the moment dollar seems to be strong. But this European sess and last nights Asia sess has seen alot of yen strength aswell and UJ is going nowhere fast unless in 40 mins when the americans get in this all changes. The market is often slow until the US sess starts on monday.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
UJ trade from last night hit my SL. No problem, part of the business.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
With using BE @15/3 and jumping SL @ 30

USDJPY long @ 83.12 closed at BE    ...     +3

GBPUSD short @ 1.5539 closed by jumping stop @ 1.5506   ....    +30

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Why not Rattyo? Trade each pair on its merits...... If your trading the system and (for example) GBPUSD gives you a legitimate sell signal and USDJPY gives you a legitimate sell signal, why wouldnt you take em both?

--- 帖子 #468 ---
That kind of trading is the route to the poorhouse in my 6 year journey doing this. To have a long and short US dollars going the same time.

Means the markets are odd. You want to see cable euro aussie all going in the same directions before trading them really.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Nice take on the gbp/usd. I took the 'hold' route, and received +3 for my efforts. Wish I had been awake on the thrust bar after entry - think I would have grabbed a decent portion of the windfall. I know ... hindsight traders need not apply

--- 帖子 #470 ---
I'm still in the UJ trade. I've been testing Steve's ea. It got me in the trade, put in a TP but I don't see a SL. Concequently, I'm still in the trade. I left all the defaults. Shouldn't I be out already? Or should I be changing it?

StopLoss is set to 'previous swing' by default. It's surpased that. Not sure if something is wrong on my end or if it needs to be looked at by the greatest programmer there ever was..   Seriously, I'm loving your ea. Keep up the good work. And this system is by far the very best!!

Tom

--- 帖子 #471 ---
When you trade the gbp/usd and sell, you are selling the gbp and buying the usd. When you trade the usd/jpy and buy, you buy the USD and are selling the jpy. You dont have a short/ long situation but buy the USD in both trades.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Well that sucked today. Both trades entered, gbp/usd moved 60+ and usd/ jpy moved 18 and then retraced to hit my +2 so made 4 pips today. Could have made around 50 pips if I had moved my SL up on the gbp/usd. USD/JPY went nowhere. We will see what for tomorrow. Those that took the USD/CAD did ok at 20+ if you  move your SL to 0 or +2 you are in a no lose situation. I had thought of taking the aud/usd and didnt but it would have worked too. Tomorrow get to try again.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Yep - I was a bit leery of the usd/cad entry position (would've preferred higher up), but allowed EA to do its thing. Following your suggestion - SL to BE+, maybe it will sprout legs...

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Yup, setup was lovely. I recon it should continue up this week after last weeks bullish engulfing candle, but maybe a little more of a retrace first on the back of a strong week is needed.

My gut says next 5x5 cross up a fake and the following cross off a bounce from 82.46ish the one to catch. Judgement/gut feel, I know, not really part of the strat, but still need to use nogen in any system.

JC

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Hi Lazar

Putting all other rules aside, you should only turn on the SELL 5x5 EA when price is above the 5x5 moveing average and visa versa for the BUY 5x5 EA i.e. Bob's intension is to catch the end of the retrace for the next move in the direction of the trend, being the 240MA.

You opened the SELL 5x5 EA when price was below the 5x5 MA line.

JC

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Same test as usual.  Here, I tested for both Stop Loss at 1/2 the high low of the prior swing and Stop Loss at the full high low of the swing.

Stop Loss at Previous High/Low

238 Trades

110 Winners

46% Winning Percentage

.14 Expectancy

Stop Loss at 1/2 Previous High/Low

312 Trades

103 Wins

33% Winning Percentage

.49 Expectancy

If the same set up wins with both SL's, then the R/R should be double on the trades with the smaller stop.  And since they win less than the bigger stop trades, that means the expectancy should be less than double.  Right?  But it's not.

Let me explain with the attached chart.  Here the first signal ended up being a winner for the full trade.  Stop was 60 and the gain was only 28 pips.  This gives an R/R of about .5 for the trade.

With the 1/2 stop, the trade got stopped out on the second bar.  Then there is a second entry a few bars later which also gets stopped out.  Not looking good.  Then there is a third re-entry on the long bar.  During this time the 5 has moved up and the previous swing low has moved down.  Instead of 60 pips between them, there is only 27 pips.  So the stop is now only 14 pips.  And because the 5 moved up, the distance to the bottom channel is greater.  The win is for 52 pips instead of only 28 pips.  This gives a R/R for the one trade of 3.7.

Suppose you were risking 2% of you equity on each of these trades.  With the larger stop loss, you would gain just under 1% on the trade.  With the smaller stop loss, if you did take all three trades, you would make about 3.1%.  Of course, if you bailed after the first two losses, you would be down just under 4%.

I'm attaching both the chart that goes along with the above (too long) explanation, and the equity curves for both methods.  The differences are startling.  So are the potential drawdowns.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
You know that there are always more trades.

Your strat worked perfectly today. It kept you out of loosing trades, kept your equity curve in tact, had you been trading live for a while longer, ready for the 1 in x trade that makes you smile. In time you will be able to trust if the strategy will spit out enough 1 in x trades to cover the negative y in x trades, and more.

JC

--- 帖子 #478 ---
I recon its time to bail on this short or BE in a few hours.

The nice weekly support is not letting this one drift lower.

JC

--- 帖子 #479 ---
duffy, didn't it take 3 trades to finally come out with that win?  1st trade lost 30 pips.  2nd trade lost approx 14pips and then finally the 3rd you say was for a 52 pip win for a grand total of 8 pips profit.  Compared to the one trade, 28 pip win using the full stop?  Am I missing something here?

thx,

todd

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Potential setup forming on Cable. Price is 20 pips away from the upper band of TMA. I will use my slight tweak on the strat and wait for it to hit the upper band, and then enter on the next downtrend randy candle thereafter. I'll post a chart when/if it occurs.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
hmm, this is how my g/u chart looks like.

price is above the 240 ma, therefore in an uptrend.

am i missing something here?

--- 帖子 #482 ---
I don't understand. Are you being sarcastic??

--- 帖子 #483 ---
just overreacting a little.  point was just made for those backtesting, they need to use tma true.  simple as that.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
You aren't missing anything at all.  I was just about to post about exactly this point.  If you have constant lot size no matter what stop loss you set, then these three trades would perform worse than the single winner.

Suppose instead you took your positions based on a percentage of your account that you were willing to lose on the first trade.  Say 2%/trade.

On the big stop loss, you have one trade and you end with a gain that's half as much as the amount risked.  With 2% risked, you end up being up 1% equity on the trade.

On the series of three trades, the process is a little more involved.  On the first trade you get a two percent loss.  So your equity is now .98 of what it was to begin with.  On the second trade, you also get a two percent loss, so now the equity is .98*.98 = .9604  Then, on the third trade you get a gain that is 3.7 times the amount risked.  With 2% bet that means you have a gain of 1.074 on this trade.  1.074 * .9604 = 1.0314

So, for the three trades, you end up making a net of only 8 pips, but at the same time you end up with a net 3.1% gain.  With the bigger stop loss, you net 28 pips, but only get a 1% gain out of it.

People pay way too much attention to net pips when there are other significant factors involved in how an account grows.  This illustration should show why its at least theoretically possible to make lots of money while having net negative pip gain.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Sarcastic...I don't know, but it sure is comical.

Looks like a desperate attempt to discredit someone who showed he made a mistake.

His responses to me used to be technical in nature. But I think he finally realizes that the point I have been making is, in fact, true. Thus, the only way for him to save face is to make up stuff that I said and think. Everyone who can read can see I never said the system won't work and I never said you are wasting your time here.

It is actually very sad to see the narcissism skyrocketing and credibility plummeting, all at the same time.

I know I said I would not post anymore, but it seems the teacher wants to discredit me as much as possible. Have at it, nanningbob. To me, you are just a guy on the other side of the world who I will never meet.

By the way, I really liked the "experienced trader" bit. Nice touch.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Not really...

USDJPY not very long ago was the risk aversion currency... thus UJ would fall inline with GU and vice versa..  markets aren't odd they are doing what people in power want them to do.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
There always correlations out there. at the moment I can feel a shift in these markets.

you don't quiet get and I don't have time to explain to novices.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
So your assumption is that buying UJ and GU is not a good idea because your buying USD and selling USD which negates looking at the other currencies? Is it specific to UJ?

The markets are always shifting I find and never constant... correlations are just that... what the state of the market is at a certain time. Maybe your biased based on going to your "poorhouse".

I try to be unbiased as possible because I know that a short UJ/GU is not a bad thing if your system tells you its ok and it provides positive expectancy during this state of the market. I think NB is good at describing why your logic is flawed.. sometimes its simpler than you think(KISS).

Anyways sorry I'm just a novice

Jag

--- 帖子 #489 ---
I understand your point now.  Thx for such a fine job explaining it.

todd

--- 帖子 #490 ---
hello aserbfx,

what you are missing is history in our charts. there are not enough bars to calculate the right MA(240).

Grüße

Mediator

--- 帖子 #491 ---
It all depends on how you trade. I don't hedge so never get in a position where i have to have trades running like that ....

--- 帖子 #492 ---
I see 6 potential trades for today. I made a mistake in my last report the two trades hit my +3 not my +2 Sorry.

Buys

Cad/JPY

USD/JPY

Sells

Aud/Chf

Aud/Usd

Eur/Chf

Gbp/Usd

I have to remember on Mondays price often doesnt go far so take them profits. Hopefully today see more action. Running late for school gotta run. Let you know before the EURO open which ones I end up taking. Have the AUD EAs on already.

Day +6

Week +6

--- 帖子 #493 ---
[quote=nanningbob;4302305]I see 6 potential trades for today. I made a mistake in my last report the two trades hit my +3 not my +2 Sorry.

Buys

Cad/JPY

USD/JPY

Sells

Aud/Chf

Aud/Usd

Eur/Chf

Gbp/Usd

Hi Bob,

If I understand your system correctly, then the AUD/USD should be a BUY.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
[quote=Mixer;4302632 If I understand your system correctly, then the AUD/USD should be a BUY.[/quote]

Seems you have not quite got it yet

TMA centre line below 240 ma is a sell

EDIT   ....     maybe you meant the AUDCHF ?   ....     which should be a buy, but I would suggest is a marginal trade because of TMA / ma relationship

--- 帖子 #495 ---
I believe that Bob's 1.0 would tell you that it is not a buy even though the bottom TMA has been pierced by price because the light blue line is below the dark blue line indicating a downtrend.

DJ

--- 帖子 #496 ---
My 2 cents as I understand the rules. It was a SELL almost 3 hrs ago when he posted it. I shorted it then and just closed for +63. The TMA is below the 240 so we are in what I would call a soft DT. As the 240 and TMA is just now starting to turn down.

MG

--- 帖子 #497 ---
If you mean the AUD CHF ? ... it has been a BUY ( marginal ) since 6 Jan on my charts

AUD USD yes definately a sell, though price never actually reached the TMA upper band ( 14 pips away on my charts, so again not the ideal set up )

EDIT ... and I would add the 5 ma trigger line was below the TMA centre line when the trade was triggered, so if following the rules the ea should not have been placed on the chart at that time

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Thanks very much for the explanation. Appreciate it.

So let me see if I understand this in it's simpliest form:

If the middle TMA is above the 240 then we are in UT and as such we would like to BUY provided that the 5MA is near enough to the bottom TMA and vice versa for SELL?

Am i missing anything?

--- 帖子 #499 ---
everything else is a waste of time for the people who are here to read, trade, learn, and/or develop this system.

Thank you in advance from refraining from posting.

Scott

--- 帖子 #500 ---
my first live trading with this system and i made 98 pips on AUDUSD . Also have EURCHF in the game but so far its in minus 30 pips . Great work Nannigbob , i feel like a kid in a candy store!

just to figure out what to do with a EC

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Truly great...kudos.  I liked all your threads nanningbob but I am

simply not a 4hr trader..actually 1m mostly..this setup

as is, on the 1hr is really great.  I still use my M1

to enter but the trades that setup on 1hr based on your

thread here.  Really amazing... much thanks and

keep it up!

Brian

--- 帖子 #502 ---
There is a guy posting in Steve's thread that he took my idea and changed the settings to match a 15M chart. He did very well his first day you may want to check it out. The TMA crossing the Weekly trend equivelant on any time probably would work I just dont have time to do such things.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
I'm in actually with:

gbpjpy +20

cadjpy +42 reaching tp

usdjpy +18

usdcad +32 reaching tp

gbpusd -8

erucad +37

so far so good :O

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Power was out all day at my school so I just got home to check things out. Since I have to go out again later tonight I closed all my winners and set up for the evening session. Maybe a wrong decision but after yesterday happy to post some profits. These were the only EAs I had on because the others I did not enter with the power out.

Aud/Usd +94

Aud/chf +54

Cad/jpy +24

Total +172 for the day so far

Sells

Eur/Aud

Eur/chf

Eur/jpy I know not quite there but the Euro is starting to show steep decline so I will ride it.

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Rattyo, Just read a couple of your posts on correlation. We shouldn't just make assumptions on what is correlated with what. Best to measure and if needed adjust our pairs every so often. With the example given of GBPUSD and USDJPY, they're usually two of the least correlated pairs in the market. Yes USD is involved in both, but the dynamics are different.

120 d  correlation for the two normally about +0.2 which interpreted means there's no real relationship. Compare that with, say GBPUSD and CHFJPY where the correlation is +0.8 - +0.9. Means we're better off trading USDJPY & GBPUSD rather than CHFJPY & GBPUSD. Clear as mud?

Anyway, trading all pairs testing positive with NB1.0 seems the way to go. My demos doing well with the EA but still early days. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Hi Bob et everyone

Getting some good results aswell on Steves V1 Trend Autotrader. I have it set to M15 period

No harm in testing different methods is there

Thanks for potentially a great system

--- 帖子 #507 ---
I keep getting triggers at wrong tma line is anyone else having this problem

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Hi mates

dumb question

I'm novice at NanningBob trading sys

I'm not a novice to Forex

I read the manual 3 times and still don't understand EA Take profit instructions.

Entry rules are very clear to me.

Not the exits with Eas

I've got a SELL opened right now on EURUSD H1 with 1.0 5x5 SELL Robot(demo account).I've manually added my SL on the previous fractal

I've uploaded the proper template (1.0 Take Profit blank screen EA ) on another chart EURUSD 4H TF(as it said in the  Manual ,If you want to let price run you can put it on the 1H or 4H charts) but I don't understand which blue line should become my TP on my active trades?and SL?

What steps should I take if I want CLOSE SELL EA to manage my trade when I'm away from the screen?

could you please reply here with a step by step walkthrough?

I tried to find out solution by myself but this is  not possible

thx for the help

u can find below the part of the manual that I DON'T understand(maybe it is clear enough for old NB system users,but as I said I'm novice to his systems)

any help is appreciated

sorry for the dumb question

c.Inside the package there is a Take Profit EA. There are two TP EA available. One is a close buy EA the other is a close sell EA. They operate on the 3MA shifted 2. It is the blue line on the close trade template. They work on any time frame so be careful if you have them on. They will close all trades on that currency pair you are trading no matter if you have manual or EA generated trades. The blue line now becomes your TP and SL line.

i.To use the EAs—Put the 1.0 Take Profit blank screen EA on your screen. Decide which TF you want to operate the TP function on. If you want a tight TP SL you can put it on the 30M or 15M TF. If you want to let price run you can put it on the 1H or 4H charts. The blue line then becomes your TP and SL. When price hits that blue it will close all of your trades on that currency pair. So if you have it on the Eur/USD and price hits the blue line all trades you have open on the EUR/USD pair will be closed. This EA will not open any trades.

ii.After you decide which time frame you want to use. Go to your navigator bar and drag the close buy or close sell EA you desire. Drag it on the screen, make sure you check mark allow live trading. Click OK and make sure you have expert advisor bar on. The EA is operating if you have a smiley face in the upper right hand corner.

iii.Remember the EA works on all TF so if you have it on and you change the TF on your screen it could close your trades.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
See image

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Hello everibody! Can somebody help me to download the indicators of this system? Step by step,if possible. I normally do as save as, ok, and after go to chart and find the indi and click attach to chart. But here does not go through Please, help

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Save this file and follow instructions. Or go to post 1 and click on Nb 1.0 trend.zip, save to desktop. Once on your desktop just double click the file and copy and paste the nb 1.0 trend folder on your desktop. all the files including the instruction are in there. Best of luck.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Everything is in first post in attached zip package: NB 1.0 trend.

Good Luck.

misiek

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Umm

gbpusd and gbpjpy closed at BE because they went near the upper TMA band but miss the TP for just a few pips, so they became potential +60 +40 pips but realized just 6 pips in total.

Was thinking to make a closer jump stop but i'm afraid that this will stop the biggest run (the one with 100+ pips) as well.

What do u think?

--- 帖子 #514 ---
greven, If your not confident why dont you just take off half the position  when it gets near your target and let the other half run?

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Hi Bob

Just wondering whether your today's trade  Aud/Usd +94 is breaking the entry rule?

May I know your consideration for this ?

THanks

Rgds

WTjS

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Yep it's a good advice, but i'm running with 0.01 lots for now so I can't close half lot

--- 帖子 #517 ---
NB,  made this post a little bit back, thought Id bring it up again as I see you had 3 sells ready and waiting on EUR Pairs.   Any thoughts???

--- 帖子 #518 ---
My advice, at least until you can run larger trades..

is use trailing stops you set yourself.. when I

get 20 pips I wont let it come back and go under

10 pips, ie it will close there.. when I have 40 I

stop at 20 for safety and 60 pips I would set

at 30 or higher to make sure you are getting

pips from all your wins... get the pips and grow

to do bigger trades.

Brian

--- 帖子 #519 ---
AUD USD trade blue TMA line is south of 240 line You are in a DT and the angle down is looking good. So I took it. The trade looks better afterwards than before but follow the trend. All the Auds look at going south so not much risk in everything not being perfect.

--- 帖子 #520 ---
This is a technical question. I hope it's okay to post here.

Is there a way to adjust the volume on the alerts independently of my computer's main volume? My job requires me to have the main volume set on full volume, and when the alerts ring out I jump out of my socks.

Thanks for your help.

--- 帖子 #521 ---
If you are using vista  or win 7, wait for an alert to be triggered (Do not acknowledge it, just let it sound out)

1.) Click on the speaker icon on the taskbar

2.) When the Master Volume box shows up, click on "Mixer".

3.) A second dialog box will show up, you will see several volume sliders (one will be labeled metatrader or something similar), allowing you to individually control the volume for whichever application is currently accessing the sound bus.

Not sure if XP does it also, it has been a while since i used it. Another option would be to replace the soundfile with a more pleasing tone. Just use google to search.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Thank you very much for the quick response, Tread. I will give it a try.

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Thank you for the explanation. So nothing to do with a center of gravity ? I gonna google it

--- 帖子 #524 ---
You can also  turn off the sound of the alert by going to options, events, alerts in MT4. You can x out the alert so it wont sound or you can change the alert sound to something more mellow and not so annoying. You could record anther sound that is very soft and then you can still hear the sound as a very soft alert sound. I used to used Good Vibrations by the Beach Boys there until I got sick of that song.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Do we have to wait for the actual price to hit the red or green lines for a buy or sell or wait for the EMA lines to hit.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Im sorry, but also about the EA's. Do we turn them on when we see these things about to happen or would these things have had to already taken place.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Taking profit is so discressionary that I leave it open to the trader what he wants to do. Some like lower TF and taking quick profits, some like to ride the wave so to speak. I like seeing a nice profit and taking it because I know trading 20+currencies there will be setups almost every day.

The TP template and EAs will work on any TF so you could put it on a 1M to a Monthly chart and the EAs will close when that line is hit. I you think price is going to run for a while because you understand  some basic fundamentals and feel that is what the currency is going to do. You can put the trade on a 4H or Daily chart and let it run. If you just want to pick up a quick profit but maybe see if it will run some more you can use a 15M or 30M chart. It is a very versatile tool. So you have to decide what do you  like to trade.

Put the template on the screen and check out the different TF. Take the TF you like on this trade, and let the trade run on this template by putting the close buy or close sell on that screen and let the trade run. Either way the 3MA line becomes your TP or SL line. It leaves the decision up to each individual trader. If I know its a big news story I may put it on the 4H chart and let it run for a couple of days. Or put it on the 15M get all the pips you can before it retraces and then let it close out the trade. Discretion is just that. You decide. There aer not hard or fast rules because you dont know what is causing each run on the currency.

Yesterday I thought the GBP/USD was going to run but it didnt and hit my SL at +3 when I had over 60 pips on the table. If I had used the TP screen on the 30M chart I would have kept most of those pips. If price would have run to 100 the close EA would have picked most of it up. So that is why it is there. Depends on the trade, time of day, what is moving the currency, your trading style, etc etc.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Nothing happens until you turn on the EA or you take the trade manually. The EAs are for people, like me, that dont want to sit all day at their computer waiting for the right setup and trade to happen. You see a likely scenario, turn on the EA and let it ride and enter for you. It is a manual trading system but you let the computer enter the trade for you however, you decide to turn on the EA.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
I have added the 48MA smooth to my screen to mark the Daily trend. When price moves inbetween it and 240 MA, it lets you know that a trend change or consolation stage has started. I also put the TMA angle on the screen. Here is the pic and template.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Ok I understand that, but what I am asking is, do we turn on the EA when we see things about to line up or could we simply say hey we are in an uptrend turn on the EA and simply walk away from the computer ?

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Hi Bob,

A quick question which I hope has not already been answered.

I know this strategy is your response to the idiotic new rules for US based traders.

Assuming you could still use a hedging etc. account, would you still choose this strategy over the earlier ones?

Best regards,

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Traco, if you follow the rules outlined on the manual, you will turn on the EA after it has crossed outside the respective band and if the 5 x 5 trigger is close enough that you can see yourself getting in at a decent price.

Hope that helps!!

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Thank you for the explanation bob!.

If we look at the current chart, the price was crossing the TMA RED line (Upper Channel)

however, if we look at the chart at the time you open the trade, previous price was actually not crossing the RED TMA Line (as per rule).

per your explanation, the angle also need to be considered apart from crossing red TMA Line I supposed.

Rgds

WTjS

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Question to anyone that's using the mptm for managing the their open trades.

Other then the default move to +3 BE after 15 pips using the mptm template.   Is anyone using a TP or SL along with the mptm.  I've always dreaded using the mptm because the settings on it just overwhelming.  Jumping, breaking, moving, stopping, tripping and falling over.  Sounds like some new type of break dance.

I think I need instructions on how to understand the instructions.  ha

thx,

todd

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Proceed to Post #1 of the auto trader thread....All the way at the bottom of the post is Steve's sig file......The home of MPTM....In the group of software there is an excellent info PDF file for MPTM....

It also can be found at the bottom of all of Steve's posts....

whip

--- 帖子 #537 ---
thx hiredwhip

todd

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Looks like a valid Sell trade on EUR/JPY to me. What do you think?

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Hey Misiek,

My 2 cents is this. Although it IS below the 240 the TMA is turning flat which tells me we may be in for a correction. Price is above the 48 MA Bob had us add AND, it has tried to break through 108.00 ( a MAJOR WHOLE NUMBER) for 5 hours or so. I personally would not take it until I see the angle of the TMA turn more down like that of the blue arrow I put on the chart.

Like I said...my 2 cents.

MG

--- 帖子 #540 ---
I know that at this point take it short is a bit risky but MA240 is going down from longer period of time. That's why I assuming EJ shouldn't break 108.00 for long. Yen in other pairs is flat or is going down. I appreciate your 2 cents. And I will pass with this trade. Tommorow I will see was it good call or not. Thx Matrixxdg.

misiek

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Im not sure but i think PA should below trigger and trigger pointing down.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Very difficult question to answer because without the new regs I wouldnt have been looking to change. However, I had been playing around with the TMA so would I have stumbled into this anyway? Still would have been looking for a way to decrease DD. I knew the markets were getting more volatile and I still would have come to the conclusion that the markets are going to continue to be volatile as compared to pre 2008. The markets could also be more volatile than they have been. The more volatile the harder countertrading becomes. Maybe  I would have gone to 300 pips before reentry. Dont know. Sooooooooo ............ We will see. I have not done this long enough to really answer that question. Ask again in 2 months when I can compare the results.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Guy I hate to be mean but if you dont understand the system enough as to when to turn on an EA or not I really cant help you. I mean that is why you read the booklets on page 1 post 1. If you cant read a chart and turn on an EA when the signal is given or a setup is seen why are you even trying to trade?????????? Sorry but you have to be able to read a chart to trade.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Actually I never said it has to touch the red or green lines. If you reread the manual I said it needs to be close or touch. What you need is price separation from the 5 MA and then go with the trend. The TMA just does that read for you. That is why all this nonsense about the TMA is unjustified. The 5MA and 240MA are the keys to the system the TMA only determines trend and makes sure you have separation before turning on the EA.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
The night is long I will watch for a few hours and will see how the price is moving. Tomorrow I will write about what I decided and what it goes. Thx anyway guys .

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Closed trades

Eur/chf Stopped out at -40

Aud/Usd +94

Aud/chf +54

Cad/jpy +24

Sells

Eur/Aud -50

Eur/jpy -70

Totals for the day

+132

Totals for the week

+138

I closed out the Eur/Chf but set it up to reenter today.

I am riding out the Eur/Aud and Eur/JPY. I still think we are in DT but if we are not price will level and get a retrace back down still. Dont see any other trades for now. Hopefully my school will have its power on today.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Hi Bob

Thank you for the explanation about Ea

your blank template is a great tool,and a great idea

I like it 'cause it's suitable to all markets and many traders style

Now..Could you please go deeper into your TP and trailing stop rules?

In the manual you give some different exit tools,but what is your favourite option?

I think this is the KEY to success,'cause even a good sys like this could turn into a loser.

Please could you go deeper into (expected)win ratio % for this system?

and what is your default R:R ratio?

If winning trades are > 50% ,with  a RISK:Reward ratio 1:1 we could end up with a profit

but if the winners are  let's say 60%,and i.e. we apply an hard stop loss of 50 pips and trail nervously our stops, jumping to break even after 15 pips in profit, we could end up with a loss on the long run

on the higher TF , H1 ,H4 and Daily , drawdowns and money management could make the difference!

so what is the best in your experience?

thx

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Bob,

There is a setting in TMA Angle indicator,

"UseTMATrue"  make that "false".

It will look nicer and will align perfectly with the chart on the main screen.

Thanks,

Kumar

--- 帖子 #549 ---
It is close to being a setup. I am looking for a short Randy candle and then I will enter the trade. I will post the chart when/if this happens

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Scroll through some charts wtih TMA true on.  If the TMA has the angle you are looking for, and price then bounces back to the inner TMA band, the 5 will be too far away to enter the trade.  If you wait for the 5 to get on the right side of the trade, the TMA itself will likely have turned back in a direction you don't like.

With the conditions you are putting on the entries, you are unlikely to see many entries at all.  I don't know whether your entries would be better or not.  Maybe they would, but you would definitely see very few opportunities.

--- 帖子 #551 ---
However...that said...I spot a potential better set up on EUR-USD...again, no need to rush, Ill let it play out and see if I get the signal and then entry candle

--- 帖子 #552 ---
I'm starting to lose my hope. Right now EJ looks more like is going up. But I'm still to go short. There is no point to make a trade without conviction that you have chance of success. Central line of TMA is closing to MA240, and price is betweein    MA48 (added by nanningbob) and MA240. It's mean that trend may change and go up.

misiek

--- 帖子 #553 ---
That chart bob posted with the 48ma as a filter was a 4hr chart.  Not sure if that was an accident or not.  Also not sure if that's part of the system or just something to play with for now.

thx,

todd

--- 帖子 #554 ---
At this point, no-one knows the answer to this.  The best thing you could do would be to test out several alternatives for yourself.  Some of what you decide will depend on whether it's more important to you to have a high winning percentage or to make a lot of money.  Higher stop losses typically will increase your winning percentage, but can also decrease your overall profitability.

I've tested this system with stops at the last swing high/low, and with stops 1/2 that distance.  It seems to perform better with the tighter stops, even though the the winning percentage drops.  But I can also see how it's hard to take those tighter stops.  From looking at Bob's results, my guess is that he's using the wider stops in his live trading, but he can certainly answer this for himself.

Basically, I think that any trend trading system should try to follow trend traders wisdom.  And that means cutting losses early and letting winners run.  So far I've tested with take profit when price crosses to the opposite channel.  Right now I'm testing a longer strategy.  The idea will be to move to break even when price crosses to the opposite channel, and then to exit the trade when it returns all the way back to the other side.  (In a long trade, you would put the EA on when it gets near the bottom channel, go to break even when it hits the top channel,and then exit the trade either when it hits break even or hits the bottom channel).  I'll have the results on that probably sometime tomorrow, at least for one pair.  I expect that they will be interesting.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
There is some key Aussie Home loans data which may drive EUR/JPY via EUR/AUD so I wouldnt getting a position on EUR JPY until it has shaken out.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
You read my mind. I just wanted to write the same. If Portugal, Germany and Poland get good price for their bonds Euro will be much stronger and it will affect the whole market.

Have a good nigth and happy hunting.

misiek

--- 帖子 #557 ---
10. Pg. 36 post 528 I discuss using the TP EA template and EAs

--- 帖子 #558 ---
OK...now I have it. Signal generated at 1.30. As well as it hitting the 48 SMA (in orange on chart), this is also the 1.30 pysch level that was previously strong support. If this turns to res then we have a very good chance of a strong move back down. So now I have had the signal, I am waiting for a close of a bearish 5 min Randy (HAS) candle for entry.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Ok..Im in...filled SHORT at 1.2994 SL 1.3034; TP1 1.2934 TP 2 1.2894. Entered after close of bearish Randy candle on 5 min chart. Lets see how it plays out...

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Oops Forgot to post chart...Im currently -9 (inc. spread) on this trade, but hey we have to post winners and losers right?? lol...anyway, a long way to go with this trade, so not worried

--- 帖子 #561 ---
I think this system helps greatly when you add other market analysis with it. You can see a potential trade and then look at other factors to help confirm. Good job.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Great job zuke, can you please post your indicators and template from your chart below. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Hi all,

Just wanted to post my entries. I entered short UsdJpy and UsdChf short just now. These are both counter trend trades so watching closely. Will post results later. Btw, jumped the gun on UJ I think, but we'll see.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
If you are going to counter trade you really should draw a trendline and play the trendline break otherwise you will get a lot of peeker trades.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Hey Nbob,

What is on your mind at the moment?

Let me guess....EurJpy short and EurChf short?

Do I see it the way you see it?

PP

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Noted that and thanks!!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #567 ---
YUP

--- 帖子 #568 ---
hi, i just started on forex...and stumbled across your trading method...are my EAs and my indictors working fine? I do hope im not boring u with this questions/enquiries..

Cheers

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Hiya Wined

Welcome to the whacky world of forex

First of all have you read the loading intructions in the download zip on page 1

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Bob a couple of questions

On your new template you have TMA ( not TMA True ), but the TMA angle indicator on the template is set to TMA True settings.

Is this done on purpose ?

Having done some simulator testing with the angle indicator ( both TMA and TMA True settings ) if I am reading this as I think you intend it would seem to basically keep you out of taking the majority of setups you would have taken when they were not part of the system

Can you please explain how you intend to use the angle indicator and also the new 48 ma and what you expect this to add to the current system

Thanks

--- 帖子 #571 ---
hi peter, thks for the reply...i hope not to ruin this thread by trolling or etc and make it smooth and readable...im just curious as to why my 240 MA is like a straight line on the GBPUSD 1H graph..and i did compile and read everything of the loading instruction instructions...it seems to work....and it shows a sad smiley if i drag the EAs over the screen.(if that is the EA)

cheers..

--- 帖子 #572 ---
I put it up for a look and I think there is only one really good use for it. It lets you know when price is really far away from the 240 by the large histogram bars and you can then expect a beginning reversal of the trend. That is the only thing I see with it now. The 48 MA will let you know much quicker that price maybe changing before the histogram but the histogram will show price has been running for quite a while. I needed to watch it for a while to see if it really was going to be helpful. It might be useful in starting some counter trend trades that then will become trend trades. Generally I dont like histograms because the info is coming in too late to be useful but I did want to see it in this system.

I am working on the second EA for this system. There is another type of trade I think you can take with 1.0 that could prove highly successful. Give me another 24-48 hours of development and I will try to post a test version. I am in final exam week here at the University and as soon as I am done giving tests this week I want to put it together.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Well...this went against me while I slept and is currently -18 (inc spread). In addition, I see a better area for short at around 1.3035. In theory I could add to my (losing) position in that area, but (lesson for noobs here) averaging up/down is one of the worst things you can ever d, both psychologically and for your account. As such, Ill let the trade ride out and if it is stopped out, clear the decks for the next signal.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Hi Zuke,

isnt the brown line too far away from the TMA outer lines?

Will this consider a risky setup?

sorry if i am wrong, i am new so just thought of clarifying

thanks

juz

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Yes it was a riskier set up due to the distance from the outer TMA. However, the term "too far away" has never been defined and hence I have decided to just follow the system.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
ok first of all if you zoom out with the -ve lens you should see its not actually straight

Secondly go to Tools, Options , Expert Advisors, the tick the checkbox allow live trading

see if it goes to a smiling smiley face

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Both short entries are now closed. UsdChf hit my TP for 36 pips, and UsdJpy would not cooperate so I closed it at +3. Not bad for a couple of counter trend trades. Best of luck.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
You know what ur absolutely right, I will quit trading today.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
OK here are some probable setups coming. You can keep your eyes on these.

Buys

NZD/USD

NZD/CHF

Sells

Eur/usd

eur/nzd

chf/jpy

--- 帖子 #580 ---
A question for Bob, or any other experienced system trader - when you begin live forward testing, how many weeks/months do you need to analyze results (assuming positive) before deciding to ramp up position size, using proper MM of course? Thanks ...

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Strange.. I'm using steve bot manual for entry but as soon as it finish to manage a trade instead of suspend itself it open another trade and this in loop for many times.

Any suggestions?

--- 帖子 #582 ---
OK...I now have my signal on Aussie for a short. Waiting for  close of bearish HAS Randy Candle on 1m chart for entry.

--- 帖子 #583 ---
...and now filled at SHORT 9925; SL 9965; Target 9825 See chart below..lets see how it pans out.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
start a proper MM with your first trade. to gain profit is not depending with the system you use, it depence about you. to make an entry is emotional easy, but to manage your trade and exit is a very emotional process.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
@Zuke

Sorry but I don't understand why you're taking a short here. There is an upper trendline resistance from the recent main highs but I can't see that you followed the entry rules from Bob's System.

Maybe I misunderstood something here. Could you explain this entry a little bit further please? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Sure. Here was my rationale:

1. Price is below 240 MA = DT

2. Mid line of TMA is below 240 MA = DT

3. Given that we have a downtrend, I am looking for a retracement to the upper (red) band of the TMA. This occurs at 0.9930.

4. In Bob's strict rules, I would enter there BUT what I do is wait for the signal (0.9930) and then drill down to the 1m chart for entry.

5. On the 1m chart there was a bearish HAS Randy Candle which is my entry signal (0.9925)

6. My SL is 15 points above very strong Res at .9950 and within the 40-50 points suggested by Bob

Hope that all made sense? Cheers!

--- 帖子 #587 ---
I also forgot to add that there are some fundamental data points on this particular pair:

1. very poor job adverts numbers last night

2. poor retail sales number last night

3. terrible floods that threaten to wipe 1% of Australia's GDP

Im not a fundie myself, but it is always nice when the fundies line up with the techs

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Hello Bob,

First I'm a long time admirer. I want to express my gratitude to you for sharing your systems, tools, ideas so traders are still learning even after several years of trading.

I sincerely hope your school now has power and you are doing your best work with the Chinese.

I'm sharing my results with you because it is the first time in a short period of time I have made profits.

We know you're anti-December trading because of past results.

I, however, could not resist. Here are my live account IBFX trading PIP results:

Dec 12, 2010 through Jan 11, 2011

Eur/Usd two trades +175

January 11, 2011 Closed trades

gbp/usd stopped out with +4

Nzd/usd -9

Usd/Cad two trades +60

Usd/Jpy= -3

Total Booked Profits= 217 Net profits(due to swap).

Carry December Carry over

Chf/Jpy -70 ( as of today)

Thanks again for your guidance, the noise reduction in your teachings & the trust you place in people to think for themselves.

-Forexwonder

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Appreciate your thoughts, Mediator, but not sure I follow completely. I don't think I would be inclined to risk 1-2%/trade using an entry strategy derived from a system which produces negative expectancy after a period of time. I'm assuming the trader would be employing the same entry/exit criteria throughout the test period. For example, enter 5X5 cross, exit the opposite TMA band.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Thanks for your explanation Zuke. This makes totally sense to me. I hope for you that everything develops as expected.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Looks like a good entry, provided price does indeed resume the DT . However, seems you are neglecting the 5X5 cross component of Bob's system. I'm not knocking your trading, but think your example might create some confusion for those learning the system.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
First - many thanks to Bob for another great system.  Just was playing with the new template, and wanted to see others' opinions of the EURJPY.  I placed a few sells that closed with a minor loss - I know I was too quick to pull the trigger, but wanted to see if anyone could provide a quick analysis on this pair.  Many thanks - Steve

--- 帖子 #593 ---
FWIW - larger interests seem emboldened to support the Euro on the promises of China's and Japan's declared intentions of Eurozone bond purchases this week. I can see where your short entries were signaled by the system. And for no further along that I am, I'm starting to sense the importance of considering the slope of the TMA median line vs the 240ma, preferring diverging, or at least parallel, placements.

Edit: I might add that we may also want to keep a closer eye on price's relationship to the newly added 48X4 ma.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Wrong thread.  Post this in Steve's thread.  Only questions about Bob's EAs should be asked here.

--- 帖子 #595 ---
I'm looking for a short trade on the CHFJPY at the moment. Touched the red upper TMA line. The daily average of about 90 pips is almost done and just touched the yesterdays high. After close of Europe session could move downwards again.

Turned EA on now but even it gets filled it could take a couple of hours.

We'll see where price wants to go.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
I also just noticed the TMACD is indicating divergence, which may help explain this.  Thanks again - Steve

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Good point, Steve. I didn't have my chart scrunched enough to notice the occurrence. Always good to view from afar  Cheers ...

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Hey all.

I'm really interesting in foward testing this system. I saw your post somewhere in this thread about you working fulltime and I cant seem to find the post again.

I was just wondering if you could repost when you check your charts and what do you look for to enable the EAs?

If my memory serves correctly, I think you said you check your charts once before each session opens? I've always been limited to trading the Daily timeframe due to my job. I'm just wondering what you look for at each session start to decide to turn on the EA.  If I understand the rules, is this what I should look for?

To turn on buy EA:

Price above 240ma

Price above 5x5ma

Middle of TMA above 240ma

Price is near or touching green line

So once you see all these line up you turn on the buy EA? I apologize if this seems like an amateur question. I'm fairly new for forex and usually use simple MA crossover systems.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
to motivate all of you, here is my statement since i began trading with NB V1.0 Signals.

I trade trend and counter-trend. i only take signals from 1h chart and entry at 5m chart if 1-2-3 patternbreak and SL last high/low.

i did not take TP cause let run my winners and cut my losses early.

this means i have very much lossers but the reward is high until endless.

i trail stop to BE +1pip if market stall ends.

i also hedge my positions. so i take a fixed tradevolume. for this type of trading it is better to take fixed stops until the statistic says that the balance of lossers, BE's and winners is on the winner side. if i try to catch a 100 Pipride i only have 4 attempts with a 20 pipstop and fixed tradestopvolume. if i use a riskstop my attempts are lesser.

here my stats:

chfjpy: long +37.0 pips, short 95.1 pips (profit hedged and BE)

eurjpy: long +164.3 pips (BE)

gbpchf: long +370.8, +245.3, +50.6 pips (all BE)

gbpusd: long +297.1 (BE)

usdchf: long +26.1 (BE)

total +1286.3 floating pips since 07.01.2011.

lost about 318 pips.

you can do this for yourself with every system only if the signalquality is good and you have tight stops and the emotional power to withstand.

i think Bob's signalquality is good if you look at smaller TF's for entries.

this is what duffypratts stats proof this.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
With my testing, I've been taking a small stop in a relatively arbitrary manner.  There's no logical reason why one would place the stop at 1/2 the distance to the earlier high/low.  I put it there simply because I'm confidant that a system with a decent entry will do better with a small stop.

By dropping to lower time frames, it looks like you can find a better place to put the stop.  In one of my favorite threads on FF, the thread leader is constantly saying that you first find where you would like to put a stop, and then you try to enter as close to the stop as you can.

I'm a little less clear on how you are going about letting the trades run.  But that's also an idea that I like in principle.  I'd be very happy to learn more about your trading methods.  Your summary is a bit abrupt, so it's not completely clear to me what you are doing.  It would be helpful, to me at least, if you could fill in the details and maybe show some examples.  (And it's possible that this thread is not the place for that kind of discussion.)

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Closed trades

Eur/aud +30

Eur/jpy -100

nzd/usd +32

Live Trades

aud/nzd +8

nzd/chf -17
Sells

aud/cad

aud/jpy

aud/usd

chf/jpy

eur/cad

eur/nzd

eur/jpy

eur/usd

gbp/cad
buys

usd/chf

usd/jpy
Totals for the day
-38

Totals for the week

+100

Rode the eur/aud for a win

rode the eur/jpy for a loss

auds and some euros look good as sells today

USD looks good as buys

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Those of you concerned about where to place stop losses. If price is running below both lines 240 and 48 MA you can give your SL more room than if it is inbetween the 240 and 48 MA. also you can go with smaller tp between the lines. That i think can be clearly seen. I definitely hung in there too long with the Eur/jpy trades. I figure out some kind of rules later.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Hi,nanjingbob.

first,many thanks for your kind share.To me,the definetion of trend is excellent.

To show your respect,without your permission,I have translated your NB1.0 trading system into chinese.Here is the URL of article:http://my.fx678.com/thread-18832-1-1.html.

Many thanks & best regards.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Bob, you and Steve have both suggested not taking a trend trade if the 240MA and TMA are converging and indicating possible trend change, but not if they're miles apart.  How close is too close?  Should be different for each pair based on ATR or TMA or something.  What's your opinion?

--- 帖子 #605 ---
I will take any trade when price is below/above both. Once inside those lines then it is harder to decide exactly what price will do. If you take every trade visual backtesting shows you will win more than you will lose. What we need is more practice time inside those lines to get a better read of what to do. Basically I see two kinds of price action back to the 240MA:

1. a straight line back (thats the worst case scenario) or

2. a slow move to the 240 MA while price is ranging. The key will be if we can pick up any signals that separates one from the other.

If we can get a read even some of the time that will save us some SL.

Right now I am thinking tighter SL will solve some of the problem but I would like to see something better. I have an idea but wont be able to test it until this weekend.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Let me answer your question this way. Working on it. In theory if you follow the trend your winners should be bigger than your losers. If you can hit better than 60% then it is a slam dunk. However I hear your cry for more direction. I need to trade this and see how I react to live trading. It is always easier to trade backtesting but live trading creates the WHAT DO I DO NOW question. Now that I have traded this for almost two weeks my mind is a whirling again.

Most people who post ideas need to trade them for several days with many different currencies before posting the idea. You will see why it will or will not work.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
This time, I only tested one stop loss.  That is 1/2 the distance to the prior high/low swing.  Instead, I played with two different ways to take profit.

First, is taking profit profit when price hits the opposite band.  That's one of Bob's original recommendations.

The second way is to move to Break Even when you hit the opposite band, and then wait for price to come back to the original band.  Let's take a long position as an example.  You are in an uptrend.  Price comes down to the lower band, and the 5 is close.  You enter.  It runs to the upper band, and you set break even.  Now you let the trade run, and you exit either when you hit break even or when price next hits the LOWER band.  I know this sounds crazy.  You will always be giving up somewhere around 50-100 pips before you close the trade.  But that's basically the way real trend following systems work.

So here are the results.

TP at opposite band:

272 Trades

112 Winners

41% Winners

.80 Expectancy

This is right in line with my results for EurUsd, and for EurJpy.  Overall, these results are very consistent on these pairs, which for whatever reason seem very suited to this system.

TP when price comes back to the original band.

272 Trades

76 Winners

36 Break Even

Hard to say what the winning percentage is when there is Break even involved, but obviously, about 1/3 of the winning trades in the original sample now go for no profit at all.  But:

.97 Expectancy

OK, so the difference between .97 expectancy and .80 expectancy can't be all that much, right?  Not exactly.  Using my benchmark of 2%/trade, over these two and a half years, a $10K stake would get you $574K using the normal take profit strategy.  Letting the trades run, however, over the same period, the 10K stake would grow to $891K.

In other words, the .17 difference in expectancy, when compounded over these trades, results in a 35% difference in profitability.  Again, there is a certain amount of fiction in this idea of trading.  For one thing, you would have to pay the tax man twice trading this system, and that would take a huge cut off the potential profits (unless you had some other source to fund the 100K+ tax bill).

More central to the idea of trading, you would have to be willing to withstand big drawdowns to really follow the trend the way this test does.  At one point, the equity drops for $235K to $181K.  How many of you could keep your confidence in a system that quickly lost you $54,000, fully 23% of your capital?  And then at the very end of the test, there is a drawdown from $1.071 million to $890K.  Anyone think they could sit idly while losing $180K???  This drawdown is actually not as bad as the earlier one, in percentage terms, but I bet you it would feel worse.

I'm attaching a chart with three curves.  The bottom one is with the regular take profit.  The middle shows a strategy where half the position is closed at the regular point and the other half is allowed to run.  The top curve is the pure "let it ride" strategy.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Hello,

Here is my current entry. Short AU. Stop loss and Take profit are on the chart. Will post result when it happens. Best of luck.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Short position triggered rather suddenly 3 hours ago after a spike from Oz employment news...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Same short as me...I was filled at 9945...SL is 9985; Current TP1 Target is 9855

HOWEVER...be careful with it because price is between the Daily Trend (Magenta Line on my chart) and Weekly Trend (240 SMA). Ideally you would want price to be below both (Like the short at 00:00 on 11.1.2011 on the chart.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
I know people are calling it a Daily Trend, but a 48 MA on an hourly chart covers two days.  By the way, same goes for the 240, which covers two weeks, not one.  But that's just a quibble.

It's an interesting idea that trades are somehow less reliable when price is between the 48 and the 240.  But I don't think anyone yet knows whether it is true.  Also, its possible that there are more losers in that range, but that the winners are bigger.  I think this is probably the next thing I'm going to test.  It amuses me, however, to read people spouting these sorts of things as gospel truth, when they have no evidence, or almost no evidence, to support the claim.

A note on your stop loss and take profit on the AU trades:  it looks OK, with about a 2:1 reward/risk ratio.  I haven't tested this pair, so I don't have any feel for what the winning percentage is likely to be with that kind of stop.  However, every pair I have tested shows that smaller stops will get you bigger profits, even though you lose more.  If I were to take this trade, I would go with a stop of about 15 pips -- 20 tops.  At 15 pips, I could get stopped out once, and then re-enter the trade if it still looked good, and still risk less than you are risking with the 40 stop.

Conversely, I also think you may be setting your sights too short with only an 80-90 take profit.  I'm not as confident about that yet, but the whole idea of trend following is to let your winners run, and if you get your 80 pips, it will likely come in a two to three bar surge.  That's not really following the trend.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
thats exactly what i told in my last post about to let the winners run. the little difference what i do is stacking trades in the same direction. and take hedge positons. then i close only a part of my stacks. it is the same method that Mr. Graeme use in his equity millipede thread.

But it does not work with every pair. the balance between SL and weekly range has to be good. if you look at AUDJPY in the weekly chart from bottom to top it counts only 1500 pips. so you have to take 3 pip SL. it is impossible with this spread.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Can you post an image to clarify this? I'm really not grasping at all the logic behind this kind of method and i would like to understand exactly what are you meaning

It sound really interesting.

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Good points well made. I use fractals to determine my stops and prefer to give the trade room rather than re-enter. Regarding targets, what unsaid was that Current TP1 is ... What that means is that I will start to scale out at the opposite band of TMA. I normally take a third off at the opposite bad. And then let the rest run

--- 帖子 #615 ---
If you are risking 2% per trade only where does 23% DD comes from? Are you taking new trades while others are still open?

--- 帖子 #616 ---
This trade resulted in a 39 pip loss this morning. Looking at the direction of the TMA, I see why the trade failed.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Out with a 50 pip hit/loss, unlike thedirtyserb, TMA direction was down/parallel for the short...

--- 帖子 #618 ---
I took the same trade and have been stopped out for -40. Direction of TMA was parallel when I took the trade and any currency that can withstand such horrendous jobs numbers as the Aussie did earlier this morning is beyond the norms of the market. Right now there appears to be huge support for the Aussie despite structural weakness of the Aussies economy

--- 帖子 #619 ---
I tried all of these trades today at one penny, stinking auds, but I used a tp of 60 and a SL of 40. I had 5 winners and 8 losers for  -20 pips for the day. If the AUDS had gone in the right direction it would have been a great day, but they didnt. But I am intrigued by this formula When I take a lot of trades. I have seen that in reverse or ranging markets +60 seems to be a good number with most currencies. I use an MPTM to set my -40 and  +60 on all my trades. Will try it again tomorrow but this time I will use SL -30 and TP +60 at 2 to 1 ratio and see what happens. For you trading purists remember I am at work all day and rely on EAs to handle my trades. I am not around to watch them like some of you do.

Closed trades

aud/nzd +60

nzd/chf  +60
chf/jpy  +60

eur/nzd  +60

usd/chf  +60
total +300

aud/cad -40

aud/jpy  -40

aud/usd -40

eur/cad -40

eur/jpy  -40

eur/usd  -40

gbp/cad -40

usd/jpy -40
total -320

Totals for the day

-20

Totals for the week

+80

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Bob, are you talking about the 240 and the 48? I meant the 240 and the TMA, as the TMA returns to the 240 indicating the possible trend reversal. If TMA is below 240 indicating DT, as the TMA gets closer to the 240 at what point do you wait or consider taking countertrend trades, expecting the trend to change to Up?

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Two points on this:  The 23% drawdown is the largest percentage difference from a peak to a valley on the equity curve.  So, you might get 6 losers, then a winner, then three losers, then a winner, then another six losers, to form one equity drawdown.  (That's just made up off the top of my head.  I might post a shot of the numbers themselves later to show exactly what I mean.)

Also, remember that your equity, and thus the size of your losses, shrinks in a losing streak when using 2% of your equity as the basis for our risk.  If you start with X, on your next trade you have .98x, after the next loss. .98*.98x, then .98*.98*.98.  So, while you do lose 2% on every trade, you don't lose 2% of your starting equity.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
duffypratt, I tried PMing you but I cant because I am a junior member. I love reading your posts because of how realistic you are with money management. I was just wondering, when you live trade, do you increase/decrease position size based on equity after every trade? Or do you have like benchmark points? (IE if a $1000 account gets you $1 a pip, do you wait till you're at $2000 to increase to $2 a pip)

I ask this because it seems if you adjust after every trade, a loss streak of 4-5 trades may not even be covered by 1 large winner, because after the losses, your position size will be considerably smaller.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Here's a screenshot on AUDUSD that has two good trades.  The entries are at the white arrows.  The normal take profit (which people here already seem to think is aggressive) is at the blue arrows.  The strategy for letting it ride is at the green arrows.  Of course, not every screen is going to have two great examples on it.  If, after price had hit the blue arrow area, it then turned around and came up to the white arrow area, it would then be a break even trade.

Edit:  I just noticed:  Where the green arrow is in the left hand box, it is also a set-up for another trade.  This one would also have been a winner with regular take profit.  But if you had let it run, it would have quickly come back to break even.  So this chart shows either three winners in a row with normal strategy, for about 230 pips, or two winners and a break even trade with the holding strategy, for about 625 pips.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Hi Duffy,

Thank you for your posting to clarify the discussion. Can you please clarify the "white color moving average" on the graph?  I must have missed something.

Kind Regards,

Forexwonder

--- 帖子 #625 ---
In earlier posts you showed the difference in SL. You tested SL half  of swing H/L and full lenght of it. To be 100% sure what do you mean by it can you put a chart with SL (1/2 and full swing H/L) just like you draw two TP strategies lastly. When it is on the picture it is more clear .

Thx in advance .

misiek

--- 帖子 #626 ---
The white moving average is the 48MA smoothed.  I have not used it in any tests so far, but have been prompted to look at it based on some of Bob's recent posts.  The idea is that trades become riskier when price is between the 48 and the 240 (the white and dark blue on my chart).

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Here are two charts, that show the difference.  In one, both the full swing and the 1/2 swing stop loss would be winners from the outset.

In the other, the full swing strategy wins outright.  The 1/2 swing strategy takes two losses before winning.  In placing the stops, I look back only to the last swing up and down.  Where the 1/2 swing gets stopped out, but the full swing trade remains alive, that means that the next round on the 1/2 swing will almost always have a tighter stop than before.

The full swing has a reward/risk of 44/67 = .65.   If you bet 2% on the trade, you would make a profit of 1.3%.

The 1/2 swing strategy can be looked at in different ways.  It nets 11 pips, much less than the other.  And that would be valid if you traded constant lot sizes, regardless of stop loss.

Or if you bet 2% per trade, you would lose 2% on your equity on the first loss.  You would compound that on the second loss to .98*.98=.9604.  And then you would get a 55 pip gain against your 11 pip stop for a 5 reward/risk ratio, and a 10% return on your third trade.  That would leave you with a final position of .9604 * 1.1 = 1.056.  So, instead of a 1.3% profit on the trades, you would get a 5.6% profit.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
It is why I added the 48, I am studying that as the point of countertrend. Somewhere we have to make the change earlier than the 240 and TMA cross. It is still my definition of the trend but when price starts turning trading gets difficult. This has always been the problem of trend traders. When does the trend start when does it end and what do you do inbetween these two points. One of the hardest problems to tackle in trading. To me the key is having a defintion, knowing it will never be perfect and then properly managing your losses. The key is to try to be over 60% win and have your winners bigger than your losers. Then you have to realize there are periods you can not keep that win ratio over 60%. Sooooooo ..........  I think I have an idea that will increase the odds in our favor. Sorry but I have one more day of exams and next week I only have two classes to teach. In China they have spring festival and I am off for 6 weeks. Nice.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Now it's clear to me what is and how do you measure last swing. I also notice that SL with range of 1/2 swing H/L could be better because if you hit SL earlier you have got smaller loses and there are multiple chances to reenter new position with even greater probability of win.

Thx again.

misiek

--- 帖子 #630 ---
duffy:

none of your testing includes the use of the breakeven or jumping stop correct?

Thanks for all of your contribution and hard work.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Setup looming on Feb WTI...now waiting on 5x5 Cross to occur and then we are in!

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Also long setup on usd-chf..again just waiting for the price to cross 5x5. This one is slightly riskier than the WTI setup though

--- 帖子 #633 ---
I dont think I want to touch the euro or aud trades today. They meet the definition but they are clearly in the change of trend stage.

These are my trades today.

Sells

chf/jpy

Usd/Cad

Buys

Cad/jpy

gbp/nzd

usd/chf

others but in the risky areas

Sells

aud/cad

eur/cad

eur/gbp

eur/nzd

Buys

aud/chf

usd/jpy

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Are you sure its safe to use a technical analysis based system on instruments which are so sensitive to fundamentals? Would this system work on stocks? Indicies?

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Jumping stops would be a huge pain in the ass to test visually.  Usually, I think the idea of jumping stops is to lock in some certain profits, and thus reduce risk, while limiting overall profitability.  So, no, I haven't tested them at all.

I have used break even in one instance.  One of Bob's rules has been "Never let a winning trade turn into a loser."  But what's a winning trade?  I had already defined a win as one where price moved to the opposite channel.  So, in the test where I let trades run after that point, I moved to BE when price hit the opposite channel.

Hope this helps.  I decided a long time ago that I wouldn't trade any system, or even any pair on any system, until I already had tested it myself and had a decent understanding of how it work.   Bob has been extremely generous to share his ideas.  Giving the results of tests I was going to do anyways, I think, is a very small thing to give in return.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Thanks, I figured you were not doing be or trailing/jumping but wanted to make sure.  Worried a little about such a tight be and trail with this, throwing the RR totally out of wack.  I'll play with some different settings going forward.  Appreciate your reply on it

--- 帖子 #637 ---
[QUOTE I use an MPTM to set my -40 and  +60 on all my trades. [/quote]

Hi Bob,

Been trying to figure out how to use the MPTM to set SL/TP. Could you assist me with this please.

--- 帖子 #638 ---
correct me if i'm wrong, but if i do this i enable and enter a number in "ad a missing SL" & "add a missing TP" or something to that effect.

that way you just press buy or sell and SL & TP are taken care of. THough i'm in the habit of not setting a TP in the hope of let the winners run.

Sorry to butt in Bob.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Yes have these be the only functions working on the  MPTM and it will set the TP and SL. If you have other functions running like BE and jump stops etc. the MTPM seems to  jam up.  I am testing this on trades within the lines. The ones outside the lines you want to see if they will run. So that is what I am testing.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
After taking a hit on AU last night because I chose to enter a short trade while the TMA was rising, I am deciding to skip the inital entry for the same reason in the upcoming long opportunity setting up on UsdChf. From the rules standpoint it would be a correct entry but I dont like the angle of the TMA. So what I'm looking for is an initial test of the 9660 area and back down to test the current lows. If the low holds and we get a higher low and price then breaks the 5 MA, I will then enter long and look for price to go up to the 9712-24 area where I will take my profit. I may miss the trade, it could very well go up to the 9712 area on the initial entry, but for testing purposes, I will see how this goes. Best of luck.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
So, it is not the DD of open trades, it is the actual drop of balance?

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Correct, not the DD of open trades.  It is the drawdown on the balance curve, which is the curve showing closed positions only.   When testing one pair, there will only be one trade open at any time.  So the idea of floating drawdown of open trades does not serve any purpose in the testing.  If I could figure out a way to test a bunch of pairs at once, then both ideas would have to come into play.  (And it would be really nice to be able to test that way, because one thing that is very uncertain is the effect of trading related or unrelated pairs at the same time.)

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Thanks for explaining this Duffy. An interesting test would be to try to keep opening new trades (when new conditions are met again), while some are still opened. In this scenario you would need to apply the 2% (or less in this case) risk rule on the actual equity. I have a feeling that the full stop strategy might work out better in this case. I appreciate your contribution a lot, and of course Bob's and everyone else's.

thanks

--- 帖子 #644 ---
It's a great question. On a product like WTI, I use a confluence of this technical setup with fundamentals. Thus when you add the surprise drawdown in EIA inventories this week, weakness of the dollar and the shutting down of the Trans Alaskan Pipeline into the mix, these all support the technical uptrend view.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
OK, now entered LONG 91.20; SL 90.97 (1/2 distance from latest swing low...if I am stopped out, I will look for a new re-entry point). TP1 = 92.27 (Upper Band Line)...I will take off 1/3 of size at that level and let the remaining 2/3 run to next major Res or Mid TMA line (where I will take off another 1/3 and let the rest run until either upper band line or lower band line)

Lets see how this goes....

--- 帖子 #646 ---
The problem in trading is when you get to these muddy ares is: Is this a correction of DT and is going back to DT or a rest before contiuing back up. Hard to say and dont know. This where knowing some fundamentals helps, however, knowing them for every currency would be tough. SOooooooooooo............ some will take it and some wont. Be neat if someone ivented an indicator that told us which direction price was really going to go. LOL

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Sir,

In order to reduce DD, would it not be an idea to open a position "no earlier than X minutes into the subsequent candle" when or if price crosses or comes close to the red or green line as the case may be.

Price will of course have previously touched etc the red or green line before the above condition is met.

All other rules would remain the same. The above is a further refinement.

Any thoughts?

--- 帖子 #648 ---
I've got one... it's called i-ball... It also detects trending and ranging markets as they really occur.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Can you please share the indicator with the whole house

--- 帖子 #650 ---
LOL, takes some believing doesn't it.

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Try a MT4 MACD default and a CCI @31. Saves me every time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #652 ---
LOL I actually go that one. Good Show.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Well crazy day. If I had not done the +60 TP -30 SL I could have had over +150 on the gbp/nzd and that would have made my day. I closed down having taken all the trades. +96 TP -115 in the hole for -19 day. The funny thing is if I would have done the MPTM break even 15+3 I would not have taken any losing trades except for Eur/gbp and I would have been sitting on over 100 pips in profit depending on where I had closed out the gbp/nzd. Be nice to say I would have taken all 160 but that is guess work. It is so hard to decide but I still like never letting a winner turn into a loser strategy.  5 trades were closed out as losers but 4 would have been winners and were up anywheres from 20-40 pips at one time. The problem I am personally having on the 1H chart is I am not around to monitor my trades during the day and this is causing me some trading problems. So I am going back to the 15+3 MPTM strategy to protect myself from entrances that backfire and hope there are one or two runners. My final tally for the week then is +61 pip profit but sure made a lot of mistakes. I am sure there are people here who did much better than me.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Here's one that arrived in my trash. It's free but can't open it up to see what it's measuring.

Don't know if it's got any value.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
What is the 15+3 MPTM strategy?

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Bob,

I keep reverting back to adding the RWB (at extremes) for trade alignment / confirmation.

I don't think I'll ever be able to trade without it any more, its a comfort blanket to me :-)

Cheers,

--- 帖子 #657 ---
I'm not positive about this, but my guess is that when the trade gets to plus 15, the EA sets the stop loss to break even +3, locking in 3 pips of profit on the trade.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
For TP, it's pretty easy to have a decent idea where the opposite TMA band will be if price takes off in your favor.  Of course, if it isn't taking off, then you will likely get a chance to adjust the TP manually.  So I wouldn't think that is that big a problem.

SL is much harder.  There's no way to know how much price will swing against the trade before it comes back to meet the 5.  (For me, this problem gets compounded because I want to be able to set the lot size based on the size of the stop loss.)  For me, I suppose a good compromise would be to set up some sort of alert system to warn me when price is within x pips of entering.  But I doubt that would work for you while you are fulfilling school duties.

I don't know about moving to break even.  Most of the time, when the price starts to run, it gets to TP very quickly.  My guess is that moving to TP would probably reduce drawdowns on your equity, by reducing risk somewhat, but would also reduce overall profits.  But that's just a guess.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Made a couple changes to the way I'm forward testing. As of Monday I'll be running all default settings except only on the majors and only between 1am-11am EST.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
I've got a question about how you are planning on using the 48 as a filter.  Let's take a long trade as an example.  Price dives down to the bottom TMA line.  That is almost always below the 48.  This means that when the EA gets put on, price will be between the 48 and the 240, and thus in the danger zone.  However, at the same time, the 5 is often still above the 240, so maybe its not in the danger zone?  And then, by the time the entry occurs, price will often be above the 48, and thus in the safe zone.

For testing, I've been using where the price is at the time of the entry.  If its between the 48 and 240 at that time, then its in the "danger" category.  The trouble with this approach is that it will be harder to apply if you are putting on the EA and not at the computer when the entry occurs.  Thus, I think it might be better to use where the 5 is (or is likely to be in a few bars) as a guide.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Hi ericjschroed,

The TrendLord indicator is very simple. If the 20EMA goes up, it draws a blue bar, if the 20EMA goes down, it draws red bar.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
On thing we havent had yet is the trend. Price is  still bouncing around the 240MA crossing back and forth and until we get a good trend we really wont know what this system will do. We may find out that small win weeks will be good during non trending times and we make our money when price breaks into a several week trend. Anyway got some practice time in the big boys will be coming back online soon and businesses will start doing business again. The 15th is sort of the official start of the trading year.

The 48 MA is hopefully a filter for when  price is changing directions. It warns us in advance. There is more to be added to it and I am  looking at a  couple of things trying to decide which is a good filter. For example I took a look at a 5MA high in a DT. It will stay below the 48MA in a trend but it will break the 48 MA when the trend slows down and begins to change. It is kind of an advance warning signal that this trend is slowing down. I havent eyeballed it yet on enough currencies to see if it is a consistant signal but it could prove valueable.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Yeah I think that is good trade strategy. Hopefully will filter out some of the peeker trades. I dont think  price moves that much after euro close. Basically trade the euro open to the euro close. Coming to that same conclusion.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
believe me, the best filter is the pricechart. look at higher highs and higher lows for a confirmation of an uptrend and lower highs and lower lows for a downtrend. everything else is indecision of market strength. and if you us too much filtering you will cut your winners too. if you really need indicators for confirmation the combination of one Moving average, one channel and one oscillators is a good mix for trading. but don't put to much on your chart. the stage at were you are with your system is enough. now you have to take experience now. and please if you made losses, don't put another indi to filter this. you could mix it up with your 4h system to trade trend and countertrend. then you participate in every direction.

if you see price is bouncing up and down at the MA(240) then take trades in both directions, because price must break out to leave this MA range. it is in the nature of market. the same goes for the MA(48). it is only an indecision of bull and bear participants.

another advice is: don't think in terms like 'something could ending here and there'. this could give you a psychological hurdle and you will take profits too early. duffypratt gives you the proof in his stats. the bad sideeffect is, that you could make to much losses. but if you protect your orders with BE at the right time the balance of winners and lossers will be at the side of the winners. i made some statistics long ago and put random entries with no TP and fixed SL. the results shows, that your equity will raise above your initial balance sooner or later. then i put trend confirmation filter and set SL at significant lows/highs, but also use random entries. the results are unbelievable. had a very low hitratio of 13% but a profitfactor of over 2.2 ratio. why? because you stack orders in the direction of trend. with every new order in trenddirection your floating profit raise exponential while your losses with low SL stays linear.

but this only works in most volatile and trending currencies with low spread and small retraces like EURUSD, GBPUSD USDCHF and so on. worst pair is for example AUDJPY. you think it has nothing to do with this system, but this is not true. you could adapt this kind of thinking to most every system.

you see my stats at the middle of week. i think it was thuesday. now at the end of week i collected about +1700 pips. but have only 388 pips lost to achive this result.

my best winning pair was GBPCHF with three orders stacked in the LONG direction. price now comes closer to the MA48. this means in daily chart that the body of candles shrink an the other side becomes stronger. if price touch the MA48 two things could happen. the market falls in indecision and will go in range-mode or a change of direction occurs.

for me i put orders in every dircetion if the market signals this.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
In referance to what you posted on the previous page about taking the profits you can get, I've noticed that alot of times I'll be up 20-30 pips, and then it'll end up hitting break even.

I'm thinking about trying this with the default stop loss settings, but a preset TP. Do you think this would be account suicide?

--- 帖子 #666 ---
I've also been considering doing this. Once my position is up X amount of pips, open another position, and move the SL up for the original trade, Keeping the risk factor the same but doubling the possible for profit. Is that roughly what you mean?

--- 帖子 #667 ---
I finally got to look at higher chart TF and the last two weeks have basically been range. If we can get through range periods with some profit, even small ones then when we trend we should make good money. I appreciate Mediators advice. I thought I had something that tipped the ending trends hand. Anyway the add on I will do with the 1H chart is the 48 MA. When price action falls below/above that then we are going into a range or trend change. The system will still work if price is ranging but of course it wont work if it is trend change. Just have to take our losses then .

--- 帖子 #668 ---
I think the best odds for this is if price action is above/below both the 48MA and the 240MA This is a good indicator that price will keep running. Then when price comes back inside you know to close positions out. If you look at the charts I think you will see this would be a good position to take the 2nd trade. For example if you took a trade while price is consolidating and then went into a trend, price is now outside both lines then add a position at the retracement. You would then hold long term until price went back inside the 48 MA. It is easier to stay in a trade if you use a higher TF chart. I am so used to reading 4H chart that the 1H is driving me crazy right now. Not used to watching all this price fluctuation and it is causing me to make some bad decisions.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Other than the obvious more frequent trade set ups, is there any reason you're choosing not to use the 4H?

--- 帖子 #670 ---
I am adding on another EA but this one is meant for the 4H chart. The template has the same lines as the 1.1 for the 1H chart but it also has a different set for the 4H. Basically the TMA center now becomes the 8MA. I found out that a smoothed 8MA is almost the same at the TMA line on the 4H chart so I am using it instead. The 240 line becomes the 60MA on the 4H chart. The EA is simple when price is below both lines sell, when above both lines buy. Below are pics of the 4H with my famous RWB lines. I have added the 15+3 MPTM EA. There are two kinds, one which will handle all your trades and the 4H 15+3 MPTM which only handles the two 4H EAs. So the template goes in your first template folder and the EAs go into your expert folder. There are also two pics one for the 1H and one for the 4H so you can make sure you have it set up right. I also updated the TMA cross indicator with the TMA on the chart for the 1H chart. So the cross on the indicator is the same at the TMA. The 1.0 use the TMA true indicator which will match the TMA true on the chart. 1.2 uses the TMA indicator and TMA on the chart. The 5x5 can still be used with the 1H chart and the 4H 8x60 EAs will go with the 4H chart. Now you can trade both charts but I miss my 4H chart. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
I added the 4H trading chart just now.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Obviously since this is 4H, you're running it 24/7 correct? I will start testing this on all pairs as of Monday. Also, are you using opposite bands as SL and TP?

--- 帖子 #673 ---
I am going to play with that part for now. But I want to set up Steve's EA so it will set everything you need. That will take some time and testing. I want a SL, TP, and a BE. That way I can set and forget. If we miss an entry on the 4H we can reenter off of the 1H or if we close too early and the trend continues we go down to the 1H and reenter.  That is the plan. My vision is the two time frames will work with each other. If you want to go with the longer run trade use the 4H if you just want to close trades every day use the 1H.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
I did a different comparison this time.  It has pushed my spreadsheet to the breaking point, so I'm not even going to attempt equity charts.  Instead of testing different stop losses, or take profits, I stuck to a simple program.  Stop loss is at the full prior swing high or swing low.  Take profit when price hits the opposite TMA band.

I varied the approach by separating out different kinds of trades:

1) Normal V.1 Trades

2) V.1 Trades, but where the 240, the 48, and then the price lined up in that order at the entry.  (In an uptrend that means that the 240 was on the bottom, the 48 was above it, and then price was above both.)

3) V.1 Trades where price was between the 240 and the 48, or otherwise did not meet the conditions in 2).

4) Pure Countertrend trades.  These are trades that meet the condition of being outside the band, and then enter at a cross of the 5, but they are against the direction of the current trend.

And 5) All of the above, which is basically a variation on V.6 of Bob's countertrend system.

Results:

1) Normal V.1 Trades

247 Trades

135 Winners

55% Winning Percentage

Net Average Trade 17.7 pips

Expectancy .37

Growth based on 2% per trade - $1000 becomes $5502

Growth based on Bob's Money Management $1000 becomes $32,907  Edit: $1504

2) V.1 240, 48 and Price in line.

86 Trades

60 Winners

68% Winning Percentage

Net Average Trade 31 pips

Expectancy .61

Growth based on 2% per trade $1000 becomes $2749

Growth based on Bob's Money Management $1000 becomes$11,609  Edit: $1294

3) V.1 Price between 240 and 48

161 Trades

75 Winners

47% Winning Percentage

Net Average Trade 10.3

Expectancy .24

Growth based on 2% per trade $1000 becomes $2010

Growth based on Bob's money management $1000 becomes $3028 Edit: $1170

4) CounterTrend Only

350 Trades

145 Winners

41% Winning Percentage

Net average trade: 3.4 pips

Growth on 2%:  $1000 to $1155

Growth on Bob's Money Management  $1000 to $1247 Edit: $1117

5) V.6 Trading Both Ways

598 Trades

280 Winners

46% Winning Percentage

Net average trade 9.3 pips

Growth on 2%: $1000 to $6525

Growth on Bob's Money Management: $1000 to $44,546  Edit: $1693

Comments to follow in next post.  (It seems to me that this is quite a bit to digest.)

Edit:  I have put in edited results which reflect my corrected understanding of Bob's Money Management.  I was using his base size as mini lots, when based on what he has said, I now think he would start with micro lot sizing.  The differences, of course, are dramatic.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Here are some of my observations about the recent test.

1) The trend filter seems to work.  The countertrend trades net out at just over 3 pips a trade.  On some pairs, that would beat the spread, but overall, its not a good strategy, and it was probably dragging down the V.6.

2) The V.6 results are almost exactly in line with the results I was getting several months ago when testing V.6.  This approach seems to improve on those, at least over this market in this time frame.  Keep in mind that AU had some extreme trends over the last couple of years.

3) The results for the regular V.1 Trend System are almost as good as my results on EU, EJ, and UJ.  The .36 expectancy is quite good.  This also shows some consistency in the system's results, and is very encouraging.

4) The results are amazing on trading when the 240, 48, and price are in line.  It only generates 80 trades over 30 months, but they are incredibly good trades.  A 68 winning percentage with a .61 expectancy is just off the charts good.  The question is how to trade this strategy.  If the results were similar over several pairs, you could perhaps generate enough trades just with them.

5) The results are acceptable for trades where price is between the 240 and the 48.  Here, the expectancy is not great, at .24, but it may still be worth trading, especially if there are not any A+++ trades on the board.

6) (Edit:  The following three paragraphs resulted from my misunderstanding of Bob's lot sizes.  It appears he will trade with 1/10th the size that I thought he would.  I haven't deleted them, because I think they show a pretty good illustration of the danger of trading with lots that are too large.  On the new assumptions, Bob's positioning tends to risk considerably less than I thought.  Since his lot size doesn't vary, the risk depends upon stop loss.  It basically comes out to about 1% of the account for every 100 pips in stop loss, but that is just a rough approximation.)

[Bob's Money Management system looks better than betting 2%/trade.  But I think that is deceptive.  Here's what I did to mimic his system.  I took the current account balance, divided it by 100 and rounded down.  Thus if there were $1546 in the account, I would get a rounddown figure of 15.  I would then divide that by 10 to get the pip value. (In the example $1.5/pip) And then I would adjust the balance by multiplying gain or loss by the pip value, and adding that to the original balance. (So if there was a gain of 50 pips, I would add $75 to $1546.  The next trade would bump me up to $1.6/pip)  I think that captures Bob's plan.

Here is the problem by example.  In one simulation, the account was sitting at $2235.  There was an A+++ trade, but it had a very large stop from the last swing, a stop of 151 pips.  On Bob's system, he would trade with 2.2 mini lots on this trade, and that would generate a loss of $332.  That's a loss of 14.8% on a single trade!

The way we trade this system, there could be as many as 10 trades open at once.  There may be some diversification in these trades.  But if you had that many trades open, and traded according to Bob's money management, you will almost definitely blow up your account.  All you would need is for a few trades with larger stops than usual to go against you at once.  The main question is when it will happen.]

Next up is another run through on the same pair.  This time I will be checking for other methods for taking profit.  Have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #676 ---
I have traded with the RWB for several years and used it on the 1H chart. I already know the hard way when price goes into long trends it is basically useless on a 1H chart. It really works well on a 4H chart so much better. As you can see it is back with the 4H system.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Nanningb

Can you explain briefly how those stochs and MAc work on that 4hr chart

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Here is a short explanation from previous books I have written.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
"Here is the problem by example. In one simulation, the account was sitting at $2235. There was an A+++ trade, but it had a very large stop from the last swing, a stop of 151 pips. On Bob's system, he would trade with 2.2 mini lots on this trade, and that would generate a loss of $332. That's a loss of 14.8% on a single trade!"

Not quite sure what figures you are using but if you trade ten cents per thousand you would be only playing with twenty two cent lots. A 151 pip loss would only be $33.22 hardly threatening anyone's account. ????? Remember I quote money amounts not lot sizes because they can vary from broker to broker.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
I looked at my charts and I didnt really see anything I liked. Will look again near the EURO open.

--- 帖子 #681 ---
I misunderstood.  You are trading lots 1/10th the size of what I thought.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but when you say you are trading 10 cents/ thousand, that translates to one micro lot.  (Standard lot moves 100,000 units, mini moves 10,000, and micro moves 1,000).

If so, I will edit my posts with the correct numbers, which will be quite different.  Edit: I already changed the two posts above.  Of course, the differences are extremely dramatic.  Ruin now would take a decent streak of losing trades over a fairly large number of pairs - say 5 trades series in a row, all losing, with about 10 pairs in each series, and with fairly big stop sizes.  In a streak like that, anyone who did not either adjust lot size, or the number of pairs traded, would probably deserve the ruin.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Duffy- I have been following your back test studies with great interest. I have a couple of questions and an observation.

Is the formula you are using for expectancy 1 - (percent winning trades * average win)  –  (percent losing trades * average loss) ?

When you calculate your 2% risk per trade. Is this the $ per pip times the stop loss pips times the lot size?

2% of $1,000.00 is $20.00 .

A 50 pip stop loss at $0.10 per pip with .04 lot would be $20.00 risk.

Bobs money management of $0.10 per pip per $1000.00  is  conservative.  For example on pairs denominated less than a dollar (AUDUSD @ .9848)  you are allocating $1000.00 to buy $984.80 worth of AUDUSD.  The effective leverage is less than 1.

Looking at your results for the V1 Trend trades in your post #674

$1504 is about 1.34% per month average growth on .01 lot per $1000

$5504 is about 5.65% per month average growth on about .04 lot per $1000

$32907 is about 29.85% per month average growth on .1 lot per $1000

A 10x increase in leverage yields a 22x increase in return and also as you point out in losses. 14.8% versus 1.48% losses on a single trade.   The point of this is that the maximum possible return in a series of trades is always the point at which one more losing trade would destroy the account. We never want to get that close to that edge.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
For expectancy, I first figure out the Reward:Risk for each trade.  I then take the average of that number.

2% Risk Per Trade means that if you are stopped out you lose 2% of your equity.  So you are correct.  Account * 2/100 = LotSize * PipValue * StopSize

I don't trust the accuracy of your monthly figures.  My totals result from risking 2% of the account each trade.  That means that they automatically compound.  A straight monthly average does not capture what occurs.

If I wanted to figure a monthly return, I would use the following formula:

(1 + (E * %R/100))to the Nth power.

Sorry for the clumsiness.  I'm not sure how to express the power in this format.  In this formula  E = expectancy;  R = %Risked; and N = Number of trades in the period.

So, using our test, you end up with about 8 trades in a month.  The expectancy is .37, and the %Risked is 2%.  Thus

(1 + (.37 * 2/100) to the 8th power =  1.06, or a 6% return per month.

Now, if you could trade with the same results over 10 pairs, you could maybe generate 80 trades/month.  But that would be too risky, because you would probably often be carrying as much as 8% risk at any one time.  It would probably be more realistic, at 2% risk, to limit the trades to about 40/month.  That way, you could probably make sure that you never had more than three live trades at once.  With that assumption, and this expectancy, you should see returns of more like 34%/month.

Go one step further, suppose you wanted to take full advantage of the 80 trades per month that were available, and still limit your risk.  You could maybe reduce the risk/trade to 1%, which would let you carry say 5 -6 trades at a time, and thus realistically get to 80 trades in a month.  This might also have the effect of limiting your risk through diversification.  With these assumptions you would still make 34%/month.  (You would make slightly more with the 80 trade/1% strategy, it actually comes down to 34.37% versus 34.30%)

Given these options, which would you choose?

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Does this mean you take every signal if price goes outside the TMA and cross the SMMA(5)?

--- 帖子 #685 ---
My figures are based on a recovery type system but also because too many new traders trade too high lot  size to account size before they learn how to do this. They are not ready for the surprises that come along the way and the natural DD that happens to every account. They think its the system but there is no system that matches the market all the time. That is why I added the money management paper. I wanted to show that you could make it to a million dollars trading smaller lot sizes. The question is are you willing and have the patience to trade that way??

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Yes.  With the additional requirement that you don't take a signal if there is already a trade open.  Since the stop is the prior swing high/low, its possible for you to get into a trade, then have price come outside the bands again without hitting the stop, and then go back again to cross the 5.  That would generate another signal, but you would not take it because you are already in a trade.

--- 帖子 #687 ---
First possible trade for today could be the AUD/CHF. It is developing into one at this point.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
there is the opposite at my template. may be it is a problem with the broker.

--- 帖子 #689 ---
A95 and Nann,

Looks like Nanningbob is reviewing the information on the 4H chart.  A95 you are looking at the 1h chart unless I am missing something which I can tend to do.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Different brokers use different time periods and start and close times. For example NZ brokers start 2 or 3 hours earlier than USA brokers so they have more candles now than USA brokers have. Some MT4 brokers run their platforms GMT+2, GMT+1, and so on. So you may get a signal slightly different than others. Your signal is a no trade at this point. Either way we are in a ranging pattern so price will price go up and down until something makes price move out of the range.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
I will continue to use the Tan colored screen for 1H trades. 4H trades I will change the color so as not to confuse

--- 帖子 #692 ---
You are right. I have the same signal like you at H4.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Dang I do have the 4 hour chart. SHeeeeeeeeeeesh. skip that one.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
I went through the pair again, this time going to Break Even once price hits the opposite channel, and then exiting either at break even, or when price returns again to the original TMA channel.  (Long trade, when price hits top channel then set to BE, then close at BE or when price comes back down to bottom channel).

Results:

242 Trades

82 Winners (34%)

44 Break Even (18%)

116 Loser (48%)

Expectancy - .50

With 2% per trade risk $1000 grows to $8506

This is more or less in line what I found earlier with a holding strategy.  Fewer winners, but much greater returns.  Expectancy is .5 instead of .37, which is a pretty huge increase.  As a result, the growth is to $8500 instead of $5500.  None of that is very surprising.

I also kept track of trades in relationship to the 48.  Here was the big surprise.

In the A+++ type trades, where the 240, the 48, and price all line up neatly, the expectancy dropped to .19.  Remember it was about .60 with the normal take profit.

Conversely, the expectancy of the trades where price is between the 240 and the 48 jumped from .25 to .68.  Those are huge and startling differences.

Here's what seems to be happening.  On the A+++ trades, the trend has already run for a while.  Price jumps the channel, and then tends to come back to break even.  The other trades, however, come either at the start of trends, or after a big correction.  Thus, they are ripe for huge moves.

This pattern suggests that it might be worthwhile to try to hold onto the trades where the price is between the 240 and the 48, and to exit earlier on the trades where price is beyond both the 240 and the 48.  That's about the opposite of what I would have expected, but it's what the numbers show.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
In traditional Radio style I made my own template based off the NB system. No disrespect... I love the 4h chart and am thinking I can trade with the trend out to the extremes and counter with the 5.3v back some and trade both ways. I also adjust the take profit to a 4 shift on the 4h for longer runners with the trend...will see how it goes. I have made over 800 pips with the 5.3 since 1/6(live). Even though I am in the US I can not abandon that system.
http://i688.photobucket.com/albums/v...stronaut/1.gif

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Great stuff. You must have posted this kind of stuff 2 dozen times here.

Why don't you try making a few trades and talk us through them.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
I'm extremely close to going live.  I did some testing on V.6 of the counter-trend trade system.  Finally, I decided against trading it.  The main reason for my decision was my personal discomfort with the recovery system.  Even with enough leverage, the recovery system didn't appeal to me because it did not clearly define risk before putting on a trade.

The new system, I think, better suits me.  But, as I said before, I won't trade a system, or even a pair within a system, without first personally testing it, and without arriving at my own understanding of how it works.  I'm almost there now.

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Duffy...thanks for all your hard work. I and no doubt others have learned a lot from you.

Looking forward to how you actually trade.

Cheers,

Freddi

--- 帖子 #699 ---
I've read through the entire manual but still have some queries.

1) there isn't any hard rule on which perioud where you can use this right? So what is the recommended time frame one should use?

2) I still am confused on what part does the 5MA plays in deciding our entry. Say for example the 240MA crosses the TMA center line. So how do we use the 5MA line?

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Hope this helps
Buy

*TMA > 240 MA

*5x5 < mid TMA
*price < 5x5

*activate 5x5 buy ea

Sell

*TMA < 240 MA

*5x5 > mid TMA

*price > 5x5

*activate 5x5 sell ea

5x5 is the trigger for the entering a trade.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Couple of trades performed admirably last night (Euro session) I entered both manually, arriving shortly after the 5X5 cross. TP's for both were the opposite TMA band. Eur/Usd provided +65, and Eur/Cad +82. Signals (both the H1 and H4) were clear cut w/ the e/u, while not so much for the e/c. But was hoping the e/u could provide enough momentum to pull the other along with it. Onward and upwards (p/l)

--- 帖子 #702 ---
hello there mate...can you please post the screen shot of how you took the trade...im a newbie...can u please explain what exactly is the 5x5 cross

do you want me to blindly take the trade if all conditions are bet....?

--- 帖子 #703 ---
The 5x5 is hard coded to the 1H chart and the 4H EAs are hard coded to the 4H. However using similar system on other TF may work also. I was playing with a 1M and just scalping and that looked promising also. Anyway had a nice day, I didnt post my trades like usual but can't complain. Took 10 trades 8 winners two loser and pocketed over 100 pips using the 4H charts. I will stay with it because I am comfortable and experienced at trading it.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
nanningbob,

Are the entry rules for the 4H version the same as the rules for the 1H version? I noticed you did not include a manual in the 4H 1.2 zip folder.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
No problem, George. I didn't take actual screen captures after entry, but its very easy to see how the trade was triggered, using the eur/usd as the better example. Also, Shanexx, above, has provided a summary of the entry process. I will notate the charts to hopefully aid in your understanding, If you follow the arrowheads, left to right, the text will be in better sequence for you.

I have also included the 4H chart, which should be self-explanatory, if you have also studied this later material.

HTH, if not clear, just ask. Cheers ... meph

--- 帖子 #706 ---
The simple rule set for the 4H chart is found here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=670

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Perfect. Thank you, my good sir.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Hi, at thirst thanks a lot Bob for your great job.

And now one question guys, is it valid SELL trade (when price above MA240) or TMA and PRICE always should be below MA240 for SELL?  Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Yes this is a valid sell. As long as the middle blue line of TMA is below the 240 it's a sell. Crossing down across the 5x5 is the trigger, not crossing the 240.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Thanks Wally1953 for your quick answere.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
I would test it, or any variation of it, on any time frame you want.  If it works well enough over a long enough sample, then I would consider running with it (and of course sharing the results here).  I've been testing the H1 charts with different ideas of stop loss and take profit.

Entry Signal Long:

TMA middle band is greater than 240.

Price is at or near the lower TMA band.

5 is at or below the middle TMA band.  (Some discretion in this)

Trigger:  Price crosses the 5.  (That's what the EA does if you set it.)

Opposite for shorts.

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Just to verify that I'm not missing something..

If price is below both lines, turn on sell EA

If price is above both lines, turn on buy EA

Is that really all there is to it...?

Excuse my newbishness. Just having a problem keeping track of all the differant systems, EAs and methods in this thread..

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Hey IMT, that's how I'm reading it. In the spirit of public disclosure, I have virtually nil experience using EA's, so my usage of those is still under study. I understand Bob's simple buy and sell EA's but have yet to dig into Steve Hopwood's more advanced offerings. So, from a strictly manual application, I would hit buy as price crosses the 8 threshold from below, provided it (the 8) sits above the 60, and accordingly, sell when price crosses the 8 from above w/ it positioned below the 60. I believe one would just turn on the EA's as they see these occurrences setting up. Hopefully someone will step in and correct this if I misunderstand. And I hear ya' on processing all the info here

--- 帖子 #714 ---
That's what I get from the post you linked me to as well. I'm eager to see what nanningbob says.

EDIT:

Mephisto, You make want to take a look at the attached file in here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4316992

I'm thinking that the 2 MAs act as trend identifiers but entry is based on the MACD Stoch indicator. Again, I could be wrong about this, lets wait for nanningbob.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Effective system. Thanx very much Nanningbob. I have been trading the system manuelly if i see discrepancies in momentum (14). It helps to filter many bad trades. Only two trades i take today, nzdcad (around 25 pips) and eurchf (70 pips). Last friday audjpy could be nice trade but it was problematic i didnt take it.

I worked some on historical data I think discrepancy measuring can be a good filter.

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Great explanation. Now I dont have to do it. Thank you and appreciate it very much.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
So far what I have been doing on the 4H chart is drop an EA when price is between both lines. If I have a buy EA and it goes south no entry. But if it goes north I am in. I am treating it like a breakout system right now. Yesterday I did well on the EURO because several were in the middle. I put some on buy and  some on sell so no matter which way price went I was in. So the EURO did well for me. I guess you could call it 50 50 guess.

--- 帖子 #718 ---
I know that you're using EAs to avoid sitting at the computer for the entire day, just an interesting thing I've noticed based on visual back testing:

If you just simply go long when the first 4H candle closes above both MAs (below for short) and then exit when it closes on the other side of the line, it seems the win ratio is pretty good. I imagine the average pip gain is smaller with this method but it seems pretty efficient. Examples in attachments:

--- 帖子 #719 ---
What's the stoploss for these new trades bob?

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Even though it looks like the thread may have moved on to the H4 variation, I will still post results from my H1 tests.  This time, Stop Loss is at the full swing.  There are two variations for Take Profit.  First variation:  take profit when price hits opposite TMA band.  Second variation:  on trades where entry price is between the 240 and the 48, take half off at the opposite band, move stop to BE, and take other half off when price returns to the original band.  For trades where price is outside both the 240 and the 48, take profit when price hits the opposite band.

Total Trades:  244

Winners:  119

Winning Percentage:  49%

Expectancy with TP First Variation:  .20

Expectancy with TP Second Variation:  .28

With 2% risk/ trade, on first variation, $10,000 becomes $24,097

With 2% risk/trade, on second variation, $10,000 becomes $34,358

Largest Drawdown at 2%/trade, 21% of Equity over a 21 trade span.

I did some playing with different risks on this run.

1%/trade - Var 1: $16K, Var 2: $19K, Largest drawdown:  11%

5%/trade - Var 1: $67K, Var 2: $145K, Largest drawdown: 45%

The max return happens at 15% risk/trade.  Final equity with Var 2 would then be $875K.  The largest drawdown, however would be a mindblowing 87%.  (Equity drops from a high of about $1.25 million, all the way down to $180K, before rebounding back to $875.)

After 15% risk/trade, total returns start to drop off.  At 24%/trade, variation 1 returns a little less than it did at 2%/trade, with $23K.  Variation 2 does better, giving over $130K.  The drawdown reaches 97%.

I'm attaching charts of the equity curves for 2% risk/trade, and also for 15% risk/trade.  These numbers show that, up to a point, the more you risk, the more you stand to win.  But you also increase the risk of blowing your account.  The conclusions you draw from these numbers should depend mostly on how much you are willing to lose.  But, if you happen to decide that an 87% drawdown is OK with you because you really like the look of that $1.25 million peak, you might get lucky, but more likely you will simply blow up your account.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Bob, you're more than welcome. If I can help out in any small (and/or limited) way to further anyone's understanding, then I'm all in. All the appreciation should be solely on my end. Best ... meph

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Hi Bob

Please accept my apologies for not contributing to your new thread. For my sins I got involved in an agroforestry project some years ago and I had been in a part of the world that is in stone age as far as internet connections are concerned. So for all intents and purposes I was in a forced sabbatical as far as forex and FF was concerned.

I congratulate you on another fantastic system, can not wait to start on it this weekend (although I have a lot of catching up to do). The size of this thread in such a short time is a testimony to its quality and brilliance. Markets change and we must adapt to new conditions or perish. This new concept reminds of of the Version 3.1 and SELL HIGH BUY LOW system, I liked that system and it worked for me for a while. The new trend system seems to be more streamlined and simpler to grasp. As far as TFs are concerned lower ones such as 30m or 1H are OK for EAs but as far as manual trading for part time traders 4H is a more suitable TF.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Thanks, IMT. I understand the basics of the indicators and their interaction from reading Bob's doc, but hope to see more discussions from experienced users pertaining to their behavior at the hard right edge. I think lagging indicators in general command a certain degree of anticipation at that point, and I've yet to acquire that skill

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Actually those of you who understand the system you will need to take over for a while. I am going back to the USA for 2 weeks (SanFrancisco) and see my son and my new grand daughter. I dont think I will be trading during that time or answering many questions. However, I wouldn't mind meeting anyone from the area, my son actually lives in San Mateo. So I have decided I will take a break from teaching, school and trading and just do nothing but see family and friends. I go back home to the USA every two years and this is my home trip. I think this thread will be left in good hands and my only request is no changes be made unless there live trades over a period of time to back up the change.

I will close out all my trades Friday and just lay it aside for a while. I wish all of you the best. Good to see Astral back.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Welcome back. I invented a 1H trading system and felt like a fish out of water. It really is a whole different feel. I am used to seeing setups and maybe having the half/whole day to turn on the EA. 1H trading is different needs more screen time than the 4H does. Anyway I went back to 4H, it fits my comfort zone and schedule better.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
It is a sell because the TMA line is below the 240MA but you also can see that the previous high is lower than the previous before that. This would indicate a continuation of the DT but of course we know that is not guaranteed.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Enjoy your holiday catching up with family and friends. There's no better holiday.

It will be good for your system to now have a period of grace for peeps to follow and understand better before making any more changes/advances. I bet you will have new ideas after giving your mind a good break from it.

One day you will be able to leave the bot running whilst your gone and come back from hols. to see how much you made (and if it's more than you spent on hols.)

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Really great stuff and a good lesson in Riskmanagement. How would it feel to see the equity on the own account shrink from > 1.000.000 to 125.00? I wouldn' t be able to handle that without emotions  http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon10.gif

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Much appreciated, I for one is with you on this tf. There is a lot of swings on the H1, that is why the H4 looks so good because the longer candle filters it out. To correct that on the H1, believe in the 240 MA in relation to the TMA and ignore the rest, which is the hard part psych-wise. Cause you see all these great moves up and down and its tempting to want to change the rules to suite the GREED. That's how even experienced traders(old dogs of war) fall prey to forex and make mistakes. IMHO

--- 帖子 #730 ---
1) can everybody tell me where should we place SL for in the 4H Chart?

2) in RWB system there is WHITE line, where it is from? after I loaded up the template it does not show up.

3) also in RWB document it says there is SWING Man indicator. can anyone point me to URL to download the indicator.

Thank you

WTjS

--- 帖子 #731 ---
hello there mate...first of all thank you very much for updating me oon this..much appreciated. is there another i could work this out on,,,for example 15 min or 5min...coz since im new to this i have to wait for a very long time for the setup to appear..for example on the EURO/USD..i have been waiting for a buy setup fo the last 5 hours..on 1 hour chart..but it hasnt appeared as yet...do you think the setup will work on 15 min chart ,,,mate...

enlighten me,,

,and few trades i took ..after the 5x5 cross..the price just pulls back to about 100 piplets and then goes in our favor do you wait for that pull back and then take a trade or just blindly take right after the cross

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Hey George - I don't know how much enlightenment I can provide  Please understand that until a couple of weeks ago, I was unaware of nanningbob's work. I'm sure many of the folks here have been with him much longer, and I am hopeful they will jump in and help up both out. I had to chuckle when reading your desire to speed up the process using Bob's system. Been there, done that ... many times. I assume one can apply the method to any tf of their choosing, although I think the MA periods would need adjustment, and I am unsure about this and will withhold comment. I will say that we are working with a trend system, and as you move down to the lower tf's, price action becomes more obscured due to market noise.

As alluded, I understand you wanting to find trade opportunities more quickly, so as to get a better feel for the effectiveness of the system. But this brings up one of the most important qualities of any trader ... that being patience, and its close first cousin, discipline. Unfortunately, trading is normally not a 'come out with your guns a'blazin' ' activity, unless you are an accomplished scalper with the abilities of a HFT bot  As we can currently see on our charts ( I assume you are watching a good number of pairs for these setups), most of the majors are showing some strength as they hammer the US dollar. And so, the pullbacks in the trends are shallow, and not allowing us any good opportunities to enter, per the system. But I feel that is by design, so that when price does pull all the way back to the opposite band, it is then very oversold/ overbought and provides the best opportunity, if price does indeed resume the trend.

To address your question concerning taking entry on the first cross - this is where some finesse can be beneficial. This is a system, and as such, if the setup is there, I see no reason not to take it. However, speaking in general terms, if we are at a bona fide swing point, it's quite likely that the mkt will want to retest the recently printed hi/low, and if we are on the hourly chart, this can take several hours to play out. And, as I tried to show on yesterday's example, the extra time allows the 5X5 to retreat further for a better entry price. Every situation is going to be different though, and if one chooses to wait, he may miss some rockets ... but that is just part of the process. I don't know your experience level, but try to view all this in context, and draw on what other tools you use to formulate your best personal approach. I try to look at a host of other things in order to see some confluence for trade entry ... at least it helps w/ the emotional side, i.e., confidence in your trade. Stuff like s/r, fibs, candle patterns, double tops/bottoms, 1-2-3's, etc can all provide some additional clues.

I apologize for the rambling answer, and I know I did not provide any specifics for you. As mentioned, I hope others will join in, especially on the topic of different time frames. Trade safe ... meph

--- 帖子 #733 ---
George - if you're still around, the gbp/nzd is currently (H1 15:00 GMT bar) displaying what we were talking about. It has tagged the lower band w/ a decent pin bar/ hammer, and has pushed through the 5X5 several times already w/ nice momentum. But due to the previous downward movement, and looking at its behavior to the left, I suspect there will be some kind of retest here, so I gotta pass for now. And they could very well leave me in the dust

Edit: a good example of one of 'dem rockets ... lol (btw, this does tend to be a very spirited pair ... not for the faint of heart)

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Hey guys,

Nice read - took a while - now trying the system!

Okay - so - couple of things:On IBFX - I have 27 pairs when SHOW ALL is selected. I've read NB is trading 20 pairs. Which one shall be left out? NB Dashboard 1.2 - it starts doing so many things on my screen that it turns my computer really slow.  I like the idea of having this and showing me which pairs are possible for entries.  Anyone having this problem of slowing down the computer?

Thank you - that's it for now!

Maestro

--- 帖子 #735 ---
[quote=nanningbob;4316327]...... Basically the TMA center now becomes the 8MA. I found out that a smoothed 8MA is almost the same at the TMA line on the 4H chart so I am using it instead. The 240 line becomes the 60MA on the 4H chart. The EA is simple when price is below both lines sell, when above both lines buy.........

Hi guys, thats basicly all information witch Bob privided us about 4h TF trading. I am looking for somebody who will be able to explain little bit more about 4h TF trading, because i think i missunderstood something. i was thinking that EA eneters when both lines crosses togerter (8x60) but i was wrong, so my questions are:

1. Can someone please make an example with printscreen, showing WHEN to put EA on?

2. WHERE exacly the EA enter the trade ( i thought when 8 crosses 60, but i was wrong)?

Thanks a lot for your help guys.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Lets take that example: 8 is above 60, price is above both lines, so WHEN to put on buy EA, is it to late already?

2. And HOW the EA enters the trade? ( on 1h TF enters when price crosses 5x5 line, how eneters on 4h TF?)

Thank you guys.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
I was looking at the same setup now - I will wait until the next candle opens and see where it is at before deciding - anyhow - DEMO this for now is the best suggestion I can give you - unless you want to trade on a pennies account and risk 50 cents or $1 and use a 100 pips stop or 50 pips stop and see how it works live...

Maestro

--- 帖子 #738 ---
This looks like a setup if we can brake the level of .9550 (a little filter)...

:0)

Maestro

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Would have also been a short 10 bars ago, as well as 4 bars ago correct?

Tryin to make sure I understand this new method.

The one thing I havent seen is where the stoploss goes once u enter.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Correct on both as I am understanding this 4h method as well...  I am also looking at the slope of the RSI and STOCH for entries...

Stop loss I guess is something that is still up in the air for both the 1h and the 4h...  Some guys are trying the last swing and or 1/2.  Some are just going for set stops...  I am just using money management wisely as to only risk 2-3% of my account...

--- 帖子 #741 ---
I like this two setups with about 40 to 50 pips stop loss.  I see room to move down to re-test the level.  Using .01 (pennies) on each.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
http://screencast.com/t/pjNW6BFJsPT

yesterday usdchf...shorting.

usdchf spikes alot I know as does usdcad as its very correlated with crude which of course spikes around like crazy!

--- 帖子 #743 ---
http://screencast.com/t/50e7OQT1

http://screencast.com/t/kTApokp1w

http://screencast.com/t/l4tYJVCujC3g

usdcad     my 240 is blue dashed 48 is yellow dashed tma is below and  its spiked up quite viciously today and yesterdays session.

does anyone think this is a potential short.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
This is what demo accounts are for.  Go to demo and put on the EA on a couple of charts, and look what it actually does.

I opened up the Buy EA, and here's what it says it does.  For a buy, when the price is above the 60 and also above the 8, it enters a trade.  I assume the opposite is true for a sell.

That means that if you put the buy EA on when the chart meets both conditions, it will enter the trade on the next tick.  So I went to my demo to test out whether that's true.  And yes, it is.

This means that, unless you want to enter the trade immediately, you should put on the EA when price is on the opposite side of at least one of the MAs.

Given the general theory of this approach, you do the following:

1) See where the trend is.  If the 8 is above the 60, you look for longs.  If the 8 is below the 60, you look for shorts.

2) Wait until price is between the 8 and the 60.  Preferably, wait until it has moved between the two, and then is headed back toward the 8.  (The reason for this preference is because it gives you a swing high/low for placing your stop loss.)

3) Put on the appropriate EA (buy in uptrend, sell in downtrend).  It will enter when price crosses the 8 in the direction of the trend.

Places for stop loss:  previous swing high low, the 60, arbitrary, other support or resistance.

Take profit:  I don't know.  Have not studied it yet.  I suppose you could drop to the H1 after entry and use the TMA bands.  Or use Steve's robot for managing the trade.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Here looks a trade on the 1 hr . GBPUSD its crossing the moving average 5 again but.........http://screencast.com/t/zahOijSz

switch over to the 4hr and its very over bought the mac and stochs are saying possible reversal is coming sometime soon..

http://screencast.com/t/av3g6y01g

I'd like to take the long but its the overbought situation thats off putting now.

what do you think NannigB of EURUSD and cable.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Definitely a nice set up...just waiting for price to cross the 5x5 and then Im looking for my entry

--- 帖子 #747 ---
It is but its the tma has crossed the 48ema which is a mixed sign the 240 acted as resistance and if you look each time it has hit there its come down like a ton of bricks.

despite crude coming down today it still looks bullish for the coming weeks and months.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
I don't see a set-up on my H1 chart.  Price hasn't gotten near the lower TMA band, and the 5 is above the middle TMA band.

Oscillators do very badly in strongly trending markets.  The idea of being overbought or oversold relies on there being some mean reversion in the first place.  But trends tend to distort the mean, so you will often see these indicators showing overbought or oversold positions for almost the duration of a trend.  That doesn't mean the indicator is wrong now;  just that it can't be trusted.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
The price doesnt need to hit that lower TMA band. as long as the MA's are in the correct order theres a pullback and then a cross over the 5ma trades tend to run.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
where Ive circled yellow go long EU. price hasnt pulled back as far as that lower tma line.

sure a pull back to there and then a stab through the 5ma gives the trade more venom Ive found but using  a few other tricks etc. ive found when those MA's are in order and the price starts to go through that 5ma you get some nice moves.

dollar pairs now seem to be stalling . cable euro etc are of my menu for longs. but yesterday there were very god opportunities

--- 帖子 #751 ---
The price always supost to reach lower TMA band for buy orders, or be close, around  to it, thats one of Bobs rules.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Duffypratt thanks a lot for your time to explane all that, it was really helpful, everything became so clear after your expalantion. I am really aprreciate your work. Nice to be around with smart people.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Of course, you can trade any way you like.  However, I suggest you look again at the examples in Bob's document on page 1.  There are 32 examples.  Of those, only a couple fail to reach the TMA, and they are very close.  There are also a few points on those charts where it looks like what you now say is a set-up, but Bob did not identify it as a possible trade.  So, based on my understanding of Bob's examples, I don't think this one qualifies yet as a set-up.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
my first successful trend trade!
http://i688.photobucket.com/albums/v...ronaut/1-3.gif

--- 帖子 #755 ---
hello maestrodforex,

here is the NB Dashboard 1.2 which is away more faster and CPU friendly

regards

Mediator

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Downloading and INSTALLING - quick question #1: do I need to have all the pairs going and with the template while also having this on?  Or can I just use this and it will tell me which pairs are ready to go?

In other words - can I be on another profile and have THIS indicator on one chart and then once I know which charts to go - just go there and apply the correct EA's...

Quick question #2: is there such a Dashboard for the new 4H system?  Can it be coded if it's not?  I have no clue how to do it - but will more than happy help test it if someone works out the indicator!

==

Maestro

--- 帖子 #757 ---
hi there's an error in the line of the 5x5... u put a 3 shift 2 instead of it!

--- 帖子 #758 ---
oh, yes. sorry for this. i use a 3x2 MA instead of 5x5 because i'm earlier in the market. and my backtests made more profit and less losses. but i didn't want to publish this too early. because it is confusing with settings 'xy', system AB and Timerframe hinz&kunz.

i edited my post with the 5x5 NB Dashboard.

link to this post is HERE

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Hello Maestro,

you can use this in one chart for all Pairs listed without having them open in a seperated window and without template on. the dashboard has all indicators hardcoded inside.

#2: i did not look into the rules for now and could not tell that this system is a simple 2 MA system.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
hello

I am new to this thread and think it seems very promising alot of good ideas here I have downloaded the files on page 1 and instaled them but the 1.0 5x5 buy and 1.0 5x5 sell do not  work I tried to compile an get a message 'WinUser32.mqh' - cannot open the program file Crogram Files (x86)FXDD - MetaTrader 4experts1.0 5x5 SELL.mq4 (9, 1)

'stdlib.mqh' - cannot open the program file Crogram Files (x86)FXDD - MetaTrader 4experts1.0 5x5 SELL.mq4 (10, 1)

not sure why all the other  things are working fine

thanks for any input

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Hi guys

sorry to stress about this point

but I don't know what settings NanningBob uses for The EA after the trade activation

I mean:

breakeven,trailingstop,jumping stop,partial take profit,trailing step and so on

Could someone please share and help me?

IMO,this is very important

--- 帖子 #762 ---
It's important but it also depends on many personal factors.  Are you willing to accept more risk for higher overall profitability?  How much time do you have to manage your own trades?

Remember that no-one has either forward or backward tested any of the possible combinations for moving stops and taking profits with MPTM on this system.  That means the best you can hope for on this is someone's (more or less) educated guess.

Also, most peoples instincts are to give wide room on their stops to increase winning percentage, and to lock in or take profits early.  Yet, successful traders, and especially trend traders, will almost universally say that the key to success is to cut losers short and let winners run.  That advice runs almost directly contrary to people's instincts.  I believe that this is one of the main reasons that most people fail.

--- 帖子 #763 ---
mediator

how can i get rid of a few of those currencies of that very useful indicator you have made? usdpln usdmxn etc....don't trade those sort of curencies.

also i dont want to see the spread either, can i get rid of that.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
If anyone has  an idea  for me that would be great I have instaled all the templates indicators and eas and some eas work and some dont  the 1.0 buy and 1.0 sell dont along with the mptm the market long and short by steve work fine along with the 1.0 close  buy and sell work fine i get errors when they compile and the little expert advisor guy is greayed out  not colored like the others

thanks for your input in advance

--- 帖子 #765 ---
ok Ive looked  further into this  all the eas that dont work  say

<WinUser32.mqh> cannot open the program file

<stdlib.mqh> cannot open the program file

then give  2 errors warning and this  happens when I try to  compile the file and thanks again art

--- 帖子 #766 ---
I tested this pair on the H4 variant.  I had to make up some rules for stop and take profit.  Here's what I decided on for a first shot.

Stop= Prior swing high or low.  (In uptrend, price dives down below the 8.  Stop is the distance from it's low point back to the 8 where the entry occurs.)

Take Profit= Once trade has moved in your favor the same number of pips as the stop, set break even.  Then, exit when you either hit break even, or there is a close back across the 8.

This is a kind of compromise from the H1 system.  The 8 approximates the TMA central band.  That means that entries are now at the center band, and not at the 5.  So entries will not be as good.  Also, the exit is at a close at the center band, which is not as aggressive as the runner strategy I tested on H1.  Also, my break even point is arbitrary, and I don't think its good.  I'd be happy to hear some simple suggestions.

Here were the results

217 Trades

82 Winners - 38%

48 Break Even - 22%

87 Losers - 40%

The H1 test had 272 trades over the same period, and 40% winners.  That was using a different stop (1/2 swing).  The winning percentage using full swing stop as opposed to half swing stop is generally about 10% higher, or more.   I think the winning percentage is probably comparable.  Also, the 1/2 stop boosts trade frequency a bit, so my guess is, using the same stop, the number of trades is pretty close.

Expectancy -  .38

Here again, I didn't use the same stop on the H1 tests, so its a bit hard to compare.  With normal TP, the expectancy on half swing stops was .80, and it was .97 when letting things run.  From the other tests, full stop expectancy tends to be about 1/2 or a bit less than the half swing stop expectancy.  Again, my guess is that this expectancy is just a little bit shy of the other.

10,000 growth using Bob's money management -- $13,186

10,000 growth using 2%/trade - $39,197

I also did some better modeling of growth, accounting for minimum lot sizes, and also for spread/commission.  Here are those numbers, assuming a 3 pip spread.

Bobs money management - $12,319

2%/trade - $27,920

On this pair, the strategy yielded 13.4 pips/trade.  The spread takes a huge chunk out of the profits - over 25%.  Even though this is an H4 system, with huge stops, I think the spread is worth thinking about when deciding which pairs to trade.  If the expectancy dropped very much (as it seems to with some other pairs), anything over a very small spread could very well wipe out almost all profitability.  (Keep in mind that UJ is the best pair I've tested so far.)

--- 帖子 #767 ---
I have never seen these problems before so dont know how to answer them. Try getting the newest update of MT4 from your brokers download and try again.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Yes you can edit the currency list easily. Instead of dragging the indicator to a chart, right click and choose Modify. Then look for the list and add or remove the ones you want and Save.

You can remove the spread too, but you'll have to dig a little deeper.

Hopefully Stevegee will not mind me posting some modifications of his NB panel. I made some changes to make it a little more helpful for me. These are not his changes and you do not need to use this if you don't want to. The changes are:

v. 1.2.1:

1- Changed the colors so that they are dark red or green if the TMA is going the same direction as the trend, light red or green if TMA is converging with 240MA.

v. 1.2.4 & 1.2.4.1:

2- Changed the ready indicator text from “set” to the following:

- “with TMA”, if TMA is in sync with the trend, dark color

- “against TMA”, if TMA is not in sync, light color

- “trend change”, if the TMA is closing in on the 240MA, opposite color. (I used a cross of the outer TMA band over 240MA as the trigger)

- “countertrend”, if, for example, a buy sets up with TMA going up but in a downtrend, opposite color.

In v. 1.2.4, I changed part of the trigger so if the 5x5MA is above/below the mid TMA it sends the signal if the other criteria are met. In v. 1.2.4.1, I put it back to halfway between the mid and outer TMA like the original; possibly better signals.

Of course, all this may be meaningless if we go to a 4H system, then will need to edit the parameters.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
I tested the H4 system on CADUSD, but I used an additional, somewhat judgement prone, filter.  I followed the standard rules, but I also only traded when the 8 was either pointing in the direction of the trend, or near flat.  If it was tilted too much the other direction, I did not take the trade.  The attached chart will show what I mean.

Stop loss was at the previous high/low.  I moved to Break Even when the trade moved the plus the amount of the stop. (I also calculated this for BE +10, but the calculation does not take into account the loss of any winning trades, so the number is too optimistic.  My casual observations, however, suggest that you could take modest gains on the break even trades without having too much of an impact on the winners.)

I already tested this on the H1 system, and the results were disappointing.  I will restate them here:

"Stop Loss at Previous High/Low

238 Trades

110 Winners

46% Winning Percentage

.14 Expectancy

Stop Loss at 1/2 Previous High/Low

312 Trades

103 Wins

33% Winning Percentage

.49 Expectancy"

Also, you the results of my test on USDJPY suggests that the H1 system is probably more powerful than the H4 system.  So I was very curious to see if this additional filter would make a difference.  (And yes, I realize its basically the angle, or convergence, filter that people talked about early on.)

Here are the results:

193 trades

58 Wins - 30%

89 Break Even - 46%

46 Losses - 24%

Already, that's pretty remarkable.  Only 24% losses.  And the win/loss ratio is 1.26:1.

Average pips/trade: 28.6

Expectancy - .98

From what I can tell, the addition of this filter more than doubled the performance of the system.  I don't know if it would have the same effect on the one hour system or not.

I used my more realistic model for calculating gains.  I'm using a 3.5 pip spread, which I think is probably high for this pair (at least with my broker).

With 2% risk/trade 10,000 grows to $167K

Using the +10 Break even, it grows to $352K

Drawdown is very reasonable.  One draw down of 9%, and the next biggest is 8%.

For giggles, the sweet spot for this series of trades is 30% risked per trade.  At that level, $10,000 would theoretically grow into $21.3 trillion.  That's assuming that you could find a broker who would let you trade 12.4 billionstandard lots at 50:1 leverage, and that the same broker would get you filled with no slippage   I hear Oanda is pretty good at that.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
just wanted to let you guys no I and fxdd figured it out I did not have the 2 files in the include folder all working now thatks for your help

--- 帖子 #771 ---
duffypratt I like the way your using the 8ma slope as a filter.

You would take the trades as price passes though the ma and not at the close of the bar correct?

But I would assume that it would be pretty difficult to trade manually using that filter just because the 8ma is often flickering up, flat or down with every couple of ticks (unless we're in a strong trend).  Would be nice if someone could code that filter into the EA.

Even though i'm using the 4hr chart, I would have to keep a constant eye on the charts in order to be sure the 8ma is sloped correctly as price attempts to cross it.   As price pulls back the ma will obviously turn also.   I know I couldn't do it.

thx,

todd

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Yes, the entry occurs on the cross of price with the 8.  That's how Bob's EA works.

I don't think the snake head should be that big a problem for a couple of reasons.  First, the MAs are HL/2 Smoothed.  They shouldn't move all that much in real time.  More important, when testing, I make my decision about the filter before I see the bar where the entry occurs.  Finally, I think this is an area for judgment, and that's OK, because the system is pretty robust even without this filter.  Basically it means that when the MA isn't near flat and moving against the trend, you stay out of the trades.  (I'm even considering using this as a basis for countertrend trading.  If I did that, it would mean that the relationship of the 60 and 8 becomes solely a basis for deciding how to trade when the 8 is flat.  I'm still not decided on that one.)

I haven't decided how much screen time this will require.  With a decent alarm system, it might require being near the computer alot, but wouldn't necessarily need active watching.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
NanningBob

what MA's are you using on a 4hr chart. at this moment in time?

I see in a few of you earlier posts your using a 25sma , 5 shift 1 LWMA & 2 LWMA,

--- 帖子 #774 ---
ma 60 AND ma 8. I read the 4H chart and trade off of it with RWB lines or go back down and enter off of the 1H chart. Not doing much right now though leaving Wednesday for Hong Kong. The bounce off the 8MA is similar to entering off of the 1H. I think it is an easier read, less noise.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Trillionaire - hmm, that has a nice ring to it. See y'all in the South Pacific!

Sorry - couldn't resist ... a bit of Sun. a.m. jocularity

--- 帖子 #776 ---
In response and amplification to Duffy’s comment about how much effect spread can have on trading results let me share part of a spreadsheet I use and update about 1 weekend per month to evaluate which pairs to trade.

Pair Spread 2ATR Pips Slippage NetPips %2ATR ASK Profit
USDJPY 1.9 53.3 7. 13% 49.5 92.87% 82.632 $4.09
EURUSD 2.1 110.4 3.80% 106.2 96.20% 1.33943 $14.22
GPBUSD 3.2 109.9 5.82% 103.5 94.18% 1.59116 $16.47
CADCHF 5.6 94.1 11.90% 82.9 88.10% 0.96966 $8.04

Here is how I calculated the results in the different columns:
The Spread comes from the website of the broker I use.

The 2ATR Pips are from the TMA indicator set at 2ATRon a 4HR chart. I subtracted the upper band from the center band.

Slippage for USDJPY is (1.9*2)/53.3 = 7.13%

Net Pips for USDJPY is 53.3-(1.9*2) = 49.5

% 2ATR for USDJPY is 100-7.13 = 92.87

Ask is the center TMA band value

Profit is calculated on an assumed trade from the center TMA band to the upper band for USDJPY with 0.01 lot this is 49.5*82.632 *0.1 = $8.04

The ATR Range varies over time it has increased for many pairs since I last calculated these values a month or so ago.

If you cannot trade every pair this kind of information can help you decide which trade to take assuming that you have several good choices. Or it may help you choose which pairs to trade consistently, perhaps using one of the EA’s when they are debugged and ready for live accounts.

At different times in your trading career you might choose different types of pairs.

As a beginning trader or as you are learning this system you might choose JPY pairs because they have less leverage and less return so they are less risky. Any mis-trades mistakes or just a normal series of losing trades will result in the lowest losses. This is very important on accounts of $1000.00 or less.

As your experience level and account grow you may choose to go with EURUSD or GPBUSD to get the most bang for your buck.

When your account is large enough and you have enough experience to trade several pairs simultaneously with higher effective leverage, you could adjust your lot sizes to get the same cash return per trade on each pair. For example .04 lots of USDJPY and .01 lots of GPBUSD would each yield about $16.00 with a 2ATR move. This would help to make the reward to risk equal for all your trades.

--- 帖子 #777 ---
I'd like to share my test results from just this month. I know that's not a good comprehensive sampling but I'm tired of looking at the charts just now. I went through all 27 or 28 currencies that I have in my list and applied these rules gathered from Duffy and Bob:

In an uptrend with 8MA above 60MA, wait for price to break below the 8MA and then Buy on a cross above, sometimes on the same bar. I do not wait for a close. However, I did filter out trades where the 8MA was too steep an angle counter to the trend. Right now that's a visual thing but I hope to code it into my own personalized EA or at least the indicator panel. I did not use the RWB (sorry Bob) because I don't understand how to use it in this new system.

For SL I used 20 pips below the recent swing, which sometimes is the entry bar. Move to BE after price moves in profit equal to the SL, or if it lingers around 20 or 30 pips for 3 or 4 bars. Also close the trade per Bob's 2 bar/8 hour rule if it's not going anywhere.

For TP I wait until price has moved 100 pips from entry and then trail the SL 10 pips below the lower of the last 2 bars, not counting the current one. This means you don't get "all the money", but if it's profitable, I don't care. Some of the JPY pairs rarely moved 100 pips so I may want to adjust them to 50 or 75.

The reverse for Sells.

I logged 97 trades (shown in the spreadsheet), 7 are still open, there were only 7 full losses and quite a few BEs. Total pips using the same lot size for every currency (which I would always adjust to my risk level) is 1832 pips after paying the spread. Of course on all the BEs, you wouldn't be paying the spread.

Hope someone else finds this helpful.

Update: I just calculated the P/L using 1% risk on my account and that would have produced nearly USD$3500 since Jan 6! Unfortunately with an average of 30+ trades per week, my account isn't large enough to cover the margins, thanks to the stupid new US rules! I'm attaching a graph starting with $5000 which should be enough to cover the margins for all open trades at 1/2% risk.

Eric

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Good stuff.  I don't know if you can do it now.  My tests are showing about 1/3 Break Even trades.   If you move the stop to BE+10, you barely make a dent in the winners from what I can see.  And the profitability will go way up.

I'm curious what effect you think your trailing stop has, and also what you see as a result of pulling trades after two bars if there isn't any motion.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Does your dashboard reflect this stategy

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Yes, I may try the BE+10.  I used the trailing stop in place of a specific TP and many successful trend traders I studied will closely follow a TS in a fast moving market.  However, I may put in a specific TP such as, 200, or it might be better to adjust it to the currency's ATR or volitility, as mentioned with the JPY pairs.  Also, after closing the trades with no activity it quite often went the other direction or gave me a new entry a few bars later.  I just have to figure out how to trade this since London session is my sleep time and that accounts for nearly 1200 of the 1800 pips profit.  Maybe I'll just have to plan to lose some sleep while I get rich!  Or learn to be happy with the 600.  Or if I can code an EA similar to Steve's that waits for a setup (a move between the 8 and 60) before triggering the trade.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
No not yet but should be very easy to modify.  Will look at it this week.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
How do you enter when the set-up and the entry are on the same bar?  Let's take a long as an example.  Price moves below the 8 during the bar, and then crosses back up.  Do you wait for it to go up above the 8 a certain number of pips?  Do you go in at the slightest re-cross?

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Yes, that's a bit trickier. In my visual test I just looked at it and said, "it went down this far, set the SL below it, enter at 8MA." In reality, I'm trying to determine a trigger, like 5 or 10 or 20 pips below the 8MA first, THEN set the Buy EA to enter on an 8MA cross. Or you could just wait until the next bar open to place a market order, if it's above the 8MA. I just saw a number of trades that only dipped below for one bar and then took off.

In my test the profitable 4H bars (GMT) were trades opened:

1200 - 660 pips (when I'm asleep! Need to code my EA)

0800 - 499

1600 - 470

0400 - 181

2000 - 103

0000 - (81) loss

which is probably no surprise to anyone here.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
This is basically the same test as before, with one slightly new wrinkle.

Stop:  below last swing high/low.

BE + 10 set when Gain = Stop size.

TP close of first bar to cross back over the 8.

I kept track of three kinds of trades:  1) With trend with strong slope on 8. 2) With trend but 8 is flat.  and 3) Against the trend but with strong counter slope to 8 (strongly converging).

One problem in live trading, which we are already discussing, is figuring out how to enter when price pierce the 8, and then heads back in the other direction strongly in the same bar.  These are often the best trades, but you would have to be watching constantly to catch them all.

Results:

275 Trades

82  Wins 30%

112 Break Even (+10) - 40%

81 Losses 30%

Expectancy -- .94

Pips/trade --24.5

Average Stop Loss -35

Assuming 3.9 spread (which is about what I get on my broker), and 2%/ trade, 10,000 grows to $495K.  Deepest Drawdown -- 11% (from 400K to 357K)

With 1%/trade - 10K grows to 78K.   Deepest Drawdown - 9.4% $69.2K to $65.4K.

Of the three types of trades, the with the trend trades with strong slope also with the trend did the best, with an expectancy of 1.56 over 85 trades.  The flat sloping trades did the worst, with an expectancy of  .67 over 182 trades.  Countertrend trades with a stong slope away from the trend did very well, but there were only a few of them.  Expectancy of 1.25 over only 28 trades.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
I'm assuming that these are the start times for the periods involved.  So that 0000 is 0000 to 0400.  Is that correct?

How many of the 660 pips would you catch if you used Bob's 8cross EA before you went to bed?  The question applies more generally.  Many set-ups take several bars before the entry occurs.  You would get in on any set-up that takes more than 2 bars.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
These are not pips this is 5 digit broker. You should post these as 66.0 49.9 47.0 etc. The definition of a pip does not change when you add a digit.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Actually, Bob, my broker is a 4 digit broker, Forex.com. And the 660 pips mentioned is the total pips, not the average, from my visual backtest for all trades that opened during that particular 4H bar during the quoted period (i.e. all trades entered on ANY pair during the 1200-1600 bar (yes Duffy) from Jan 6 to Jan 21), based on 1 minimum lot, in my case 0.01, being 1 pip. See the spreadsheet. Although as I mentioned, the new margin requirements prohibit me from risking a full 1% so will have to go 1/2% or less.

P.S. Bob, can you tell me how to turn off the alerts? I keep getting the TMA popup alerts even though I've selected False to all options.

And Yes, Duffy, I am still trying figure out how to capitalize on the trades that set up while I'm asleep, unless I set my alarm for midnight and 4:00am every weekday. Like I said, maybe I have to lose some sleep until I don't have a job and sleep is not a problem . So I may have to code my EA to set the trigger after a specific move below/above, and the enter the trade and set the (hidden) SL and TS.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Oooops sorry about the 5 digit thing.

In the code it looks like this:

message =  StringConcatenate(Symbol()," at ",TimeToStr(TimeLocal(),TIME_SECONDS)," "+timeFrameToString(timeFrame)+" TMA bands price penetrated ",doWhat," band");
if (alertsMessage) Alert(message);

if (alertsEmail)   SendMail(StringConcatenate(Symbol(),"TMA bands "),message);

if (alertsSound)   PlaySound("alert2.wav");

If you put the double slash before the 'if' statements // like this:
//           if (alertsSound)   PlaySound("alert2.wav");

you can eliminate whatever part of the alert program from working. After you put the slashes in front hit compile and check for any error message at the bottom of the page that should do it. The lines you put the double slash will change to a lighter gray color to let you know the code will not operate while the program is running.

--- 帖子 #789 ---
[quote=ericjschroed;4340652]Actually, Bob, my broker is a 4 digit broker, Forex.com. quote]

You may both be right. I have account with Forex.com

My live accounts quote 5Digits. Demo account default setup is four digit but you can select 5 digit demos.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Not sure what code you mean, Bob.  I don't have any EAs running and I even deleted the TMA indicator but I'm still getting the alerts.  Can you tell me where to look?  tx

--- 帖子 #791 ---
There are only two things that give alerts from my system the TMA

and the warning system posted on pg 1 post 1. For them not to work you have to have them off all your charts. Make sure you dont have one chart with them still on. I am leaving for HK in about 6 hours and wont check online until I get to San Fran tomorrow. So if that is not the problem someone else will have to help you. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Hi guys,

I am looking at both this and the 5.0 system. Not sure which one to start off with.

Anyways, I read the manual and applied the templete. Problem is I am not sure how to trade this system. reason being. Price is no where near the red or green bands when the trend is up or down. So does this mean there is no trades now? I am compare the setups from the manual to what is happening real time. For example, Eur/USd. I dont think there is any way to trade that as of now with this system.

I am just a newb (going on 7 years of struggle and blown demo accounts--way too chicken to try a live account if demos keep failing)  trying to learn. Also, does the other 5.0 system still work. If so I might try that. After reading this nice thread. There is alot of good input going on so I might hold off a bit.

Hope I did not come off as an asshole. I am terrible with words...lol

-Negima

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Sorry about this

But what is this 6.00 system people speak of. I only see a 5.XX?

thanks!

negima

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Who created this?  I would like to find them and see if they could create one for another strategy.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Hey, Duffy (and others),

I have been trying to quantify the "too steep" idea for the 8MA and after lots of tedious data entry in Excel, here is what I'm considering. This can be coded into an EA, in fact Steve's does most of this but I don't know if I can do it. Most of the parameters could be external variables that could be changed by the trader. The numbers below are my first thought for the EURUSD; other currencies would probably be different.

If UT (8MA above 60) and price closes below 8MA and then price crosses 8MA AND the difference between current 8MA and 8MA 5 bars ago is greater than -35 (no more than small downward slope) then enter the trade. SL I'm placing at 20 below recent swing low. If price goes nowhere within 2 bars (less than 20-30 or a loss) close trade. If price stays positive but stagnates (20-40?) move SL to BE. If price moves equal to SL, move SL to BE+10.

For TP:

I first tried trailing the stop 10 pips below the lowest low of the last 2 bars, once profit exceeded 100 and got 427 pips profit from 1 Jan 2010 to 5 Mar 2010 (still not a comprehensive sample but got tired of all the data entry since I can't seem to export the numbers into Excel). However, if I simply took a 100 pip TP the total increased to 546 due to having more trades hit 100 and then reverse and only a few that kept going. Nearly all the profit came from trades opened during the 3 bars starting 0400, 0800 and 1200 GMT and you could increase the profit another 100 pips by not opening trades the other 12 hours.

About the "steep"ness: In my first sampling I never had any 8MA more than the -35 pips from current to 5 bars ago, so basically all trades went through.  Update: the one thing I haven't included yet is, is the 8MA too close to the 60MA.

Since some pairs including a number of JPY pairs, rarely move more than 75 pips or so, the numbers would need to be different. It would be nice to determine a good measure such as ATR or something, to base the TP and BE numbers on.

Oh, well, lots more testing to do. Now I'm trying this on the Forex Tester software I blew $150 on to see if the results are the same.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
They were working on some updates in the 4hr thread that were called 6 and Bob mentioned at one stage that he might combine the NB 4 hr v5.3 and the NB Trend v1.0 into a 6.0.

edit: added additional info

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Hello

I have finaly read  through  this thread and am current  would like to say their is alot of great help here and seems  to be a very good group I noticed that the tma angle indicator seems to work  with the tma true indicator and  is off  when  you use the tma  current not  to question how we use them this is just an observation  i noticed thanks

also can someone tell me the easiest way to post a chart  in here thanks again

--- 帖子 #798 ---
I just looked at EU and there is no trade now.  My testing shows that each pair gives about 2 setups per week.  The last one on EU was 1/25 at somewhere around 4am New York time.

From what I have read, there are still people who are successfully using the 5.0 system.  Bob started looking for a new system for a few reasons.

First, the 5.0 system allows a trade to go very deep into drawdown, and actually increases lots at specified points to get out of the drawdown.  This recovery system requires either a very large account, or teeny-tiny lots, or lots of leverage.  When the US changed its regulations to make 50:1 the maximum leverage here, it put terrible strain on the recovery system.

Second, the no hedging rules in the U.S. put trades in the 5.0 system at fairly high risk around big news time.  There are probably workarounds for this, but most people saw this as another problem exacerbating drawdown.

Third, Bob had really bad experiences with his foreign broker.  They changed the rules about carry, and the carry charges were cutting deeply into his profits.  I think he decided at around that time that it was preferable to stick with US brokers, even with the new US regs.

And, it appears that markets are changing.  For years, it seemed like volatility and trending were decreasing.  This was one of the big things that went on during the mid 00s.  In that environment, a system that takes advantage of ranging markets and mean reversion does very well.  That changed with the bursting of the real estate bubble, and with the troubles with the PIGS in Europe.  It looks like we are now in for a period with more trending.  And for this environment, it may make sense to use a trend following system.  The best way to see whether either system works is to test it for yourself.

I hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
A few observations:

1) It looks to me like the steepness that matters most is the steepness of the 8 just before it drops below the 8.  Lets say its a strong uptrend.  Price has been moving up for a while, and the 8 has a nice slope to it.  Price then comes back through the 8, dips for a couple of bars, and then comes back up.  What matters to me is the steepness of the slope before price crosses below the 8.  The dip back below the 8 might flatten out the slope by the time price crosses back above.  But I would still want that trade in a big way.

I think the best thing I could do on this is maybe put up some picture examples of what I mean.

2) Slope is notoriously difficult to deal with in an EA.  Even visually, it can be a real pain.  The slope of an MA depends on the scale of the chart.  You can make the same MA look steep or flat just by messing with the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the chart.  Also, with automatic chart scaling, the slopes will change as the range of price varies on a chart.  My visual testing did not take this into account, and I really don't know what effect it would have to use some constant measure, as opposed to my eyeball judgment.

3) The change in slope over one or two bars would almost never have an impact on my decision to take a trade.  My tests only filtered out strong countertrend slopes.  Those would have to be reasonably steep (>20 degrees) over several bars (at least 4-5 bars, and that is where the drop is really steep, longer where the drop is less steep).  Based on this, I don't think an EA would necessarily have to take the slope into account, at least it would not have to if you were able to check on the charts every 8 hours or so.  Then you could decide where to turn off the EA when the slope turned bad.  And you might miss a few trades.  But I don't think you want to have an EA that runs itself.  At least, that's not what I'm looking for.  Instead, once I've decided that I would like to take the next set-up, I want an EA that will enter the trade, set my stop, and determine the lot size according to my parameters.  Maybe also set up some basic Take Profit and break even rules that would stay in effect until I could override them.

4) Take profit is a bitch.  100 seems really arbitrary to me.  I'd be more comfortable with a TP that was based on something other than just a number picked out of the air.  Maybe your new testing software will help on that.  But I will suggest that my testing over a longer time showed an average pips/trade on USDCAD of 24 pips/trade after spread, and on NZDUSD of 21 pips/trade.  Your tests after 97 trades, shows 18.8 pips/trade.  All of these are good results, but I doubt your statement that cutting profit off at 100 pips gives better results than letting winners run.  Instead, I wonder if you would consider moving break even up very slowly, and having some other parameter to close out really long runs.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
So I think we are getting the best of both worlds with nanningbob's tireless, rewarding efforts. Sounds good to me. We basically pick the better of the two systems, if I am not mistaken.

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Iv been a longtime reader and trader of Bob's systems ... this is a major departure from the previous systems.

Personally, I'm going to trade a combo of the earlier systems and the 1.0.

I think the counter trend trading of the 5.2 and older systems is excellent, and I intend to take those trades and use the old 2.4.2 recovery system to get out of trouble. This method is less risky than the "martingale" versions of the recovery used in later versions ... and suits my style better.

I'll also take a look at the 1.0 ... seems like it might be good. Bob knows his stuff, and I have no doubt that this system will be profitable. Whether it can be as profitable as the old counter trend systems ... only time will tell.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
TP is a b******** I have never found any rules to my satisfaction because TP is so discretionary. I like the ATR or the STO white and lblue lines because that is what it does give the Average Range of the pair at the moment. However, depending on certain factors what you take for profit can include:

1. The trading session you are in. USA session will hold bigger profits than the JPY session.

2. News stories, if there are a lot of them price can bounce all over the place, where do you want to take your profit then?

3. Nothing days: price will kind of just float in a direction for hours.

4. Time frame of chart used. Obviously the lower the time frame the less time  you will hang onto a trade before you see negative signals. If you are a trader who likes to hang in there obviously you read the higher time frames. etc.

All the above factors (and there are more) can influence where you take a profit. My rules are simple, get into profit, secure your profit, then read the tea leaves and make a decision. I dont say much after that because there simply are too many variables that effect price action. I personally think the 2nd biggest discouragement in trading is to see a profit of 40-70 pips and then it hits your TS or SL, and you walk away with 3, 5 or 20 pips instead. Remember 70% of the time price action is going to range so your profit is only going to  run 30% of the time. Of that 30% only a very small percentage will be a true home run running hundreds and hundreds of pips. My experience has been I do better taking lots of smaller profits 30-70 pips than trying to play for the home run. I guess that is just my personal mental makeup.

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Is the recovery system really necessary for your systems, Mr. Nanningbob?

I thought if we followed your system we should be okay. I know the recovery system is to minimize the draw down but I dont see it a a necessity....i could be wrong (have been for the past 7 yrs. lol)

--- 帖子 #804 ---
The recovery system is an key component of the counter trend system (systems 3.0 to 5.0). I do not recommend ever using it with a trend following system like 1.0. The reason I dont recommend it with 1.0 is you may find yourself at the bottom of a trend reversal and it is only meant to be used when the trend is coming to an end. It is why martingale systems dont work. When a trend reverses and you are on the wrong side of a trade, you will run out of money before you get the reversal you need to make the margtingale system to work. Recovery is not martingaling because we will drop out after 2 or 3 attempts of recovery.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
That is my mental makeup as well. Crushing when I am in profit and I get very little out of it. Others can "let them run" and make 200 pips or so, but i don;t have the stomach for it I guess. I had 4 trades yesterday...+30, +30, +47, +67. Singles and doubles will win the game...no homeruns needed.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Yes, that's why I tried to use a specific distance in pips from bars 1-5 so it didn't matter the scale of the chart.

In that previous result, I made up more 100s that quickly reversed for a small win, and only lost a few big runners that went over 200. I have been considering something with the SL such as, start at 100 and move up 25 every bar. I'll see how that goes.

Hey! Thought you were on a plane! Yes, I am still trying to determine my TP level, which if tied to ATR would give me something, depending on the # of periods used.

Yes, that's why I tried the "take 100 instead of trailing stop" method to see what would happen.

P.S. I'm still getting those TMA alerts! Maybe when you're settled you can whack me upside the head and show me what I'm overlooking. I removed all indicators from the 1H including TMA.

Below is my testing for EURUSD from 1 Jan 2010 to Sep (cause I ran out of data and got tired). The first few months match my previous results but then it just craps out and goes sideways. Partly because of missing a number of large runs which NEVER pulled back across the 8MA.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
radio nice job are you only trading the trend system

--- 帖子 #808 ---
I'm attaching two charts to illustrate what I mean about the slope that I think matters. I hope this helps.  Right now, I'm not sure I could say everything that should go into a decision on the slope. The factors include, the length of the preceding slope.  How steep it was.   The number of bars between the price crossing and then re-crossing the 8.  What happened during those bars.

But as I said, I'm just trying to get a general impression of Steep with trend, flat, or steep away from trend.  There may be a gray area.  If the gray area is between flat and steep away from the trend, it means stay out of the trade entirely.  Otherwise, I think there is a signal one way or the other:  With trend if either steep with trend or flat.  Countertrend if very steep away from trend.

Edit:  I apologize for the green text.  I won't use it again, it looks really annoying.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Hello artfuls,

To sync the TMA Angle indicator w/ the cross of the TMA Median/ 240MA, do the following:

Right click chart -> Select Indicators List -> Highlight TMA Angle ->

Select Edit -> Set 'UseTMATrue to false. (Similarly, if you are using the 'w/ TMA True' template, then you will have this set to true)

To post a chart:

Create a screen capture of the chart, and save the file to your desktop

Scroll below the window in which you are entering text, and you will see 'Attach Files', and then click on 'Manage Attachments'

Click the 'Browse' button, and locate the file from your directory, and double click this file ... then click 'Upload', and complete your posting w/ 'Submit Reply'

Not sure about FF, but some sites will drop the attachment if you preview the post after doing the above, so I just preview any text first, before adding the attachment.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
This reminds of of your favourite article "Trade Like a Dealer: (And Avoid Death by a Thousand Stops) by: Boris Schlossberg (which can be viewed here http://www.thinkagain.cn/archives/95.html). Everyone should read this article at least once. Some people think it is crazy to trade in 4H Tf and go more than 100 pips for a gain of 30-50 pips. This would mean there has to be more winners than losers and it does work as demonstrated in previous NB threads and Steve has done a fantastic job of adapting it to automated trading in the BEAST and other BOTS.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #811 ---
the TP on this system is going to take some getting used to i think ... esp after trading the counter trend system for so long.

I had a couple good trades last night but i did not take the 40 pip wins, thus they turned into losses. This is something i need to organise ...

The system works well when picking buys ... no doubt ... just need to work out TP.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
I am trading a combination of the 2.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
I am trying that as well now. It helps me keep my sanity since I perfer a SL...lol.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Hey! Thought you were on a plane!

Actually I am in the Beijing airport now. Was in Hong Kong yesterday. San Fran tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
I hate stop losses

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Yes, it's the "Art vs. Science" aspect that makes trading so difficult.  The human brain's ability to make instinctual leaps is still not able to be duplicated by computers, which is why there are so few people who are successful at speculative trading (forex, stocks, commodities).  Do I sound like the "science" speaking?   Hence, my challenge; always trying to quantify something that is based on mostly emotion, greed, etc.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
I have to say there is something magical when combining the 1.0 trend system with the 5.0 system. cant really explain it yyet since I am testing but I feel really happy. I have not felt this way for 7 years.

I will start posting my charts and results to get better.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Fortunately, your EA doesn't have to be the best trader in the world.  It merely has to be good enough to let you make money when you can't actively trade.  I like Bob's approach to EAs because it takes advantage of something that computer's are really good at (being patient), while leaving room for the element of judgment in the system.

The reason my approach to slope is not quantifiable is not because it displays any level of art that a computer can't capture.  I think it's more because I really haven't precisely articulated/formulated the rules yet.  (And to a certain extent, they may not even be rules at this point.)  If I could make them precise enough, then I'm also sure that they could be programmed.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
The 5 system. where can I find that.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=246113

--- 帖子 #821 ---
So how many systems has bob got then?

1,2,3,4&5 ?  Yes system 5 and 247 pages long I suppose the zip file has the system details within.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
I think of his numbering system as being parallel to software development.  In that sense, he now has two systems -- a countertrend trading system, and now a trend following system.  Within the countertrend system, there are five developments that are radical enough to call for a new number, or a new version of the system.  For more modest developments he uses a decimal.  So there is now, a 1.2 version of the trend trading system.

Yes, if you want to look at the countertrend systems, its probably best to start with page 1 of version 5.  (At least, that's what I did.)

--- 帖子 #823 ---
I agree. I think the trend system  helps take care of the huggies greatly. I am switching between the 1 and 4 hor to see which is favorable to use. I hope I am not making a sloppy joe sandwich outta the methods

--- 帖子 #824 ---
thanks for that

also can someone explane the close buy and and close sell atf stops Im trying to figure out how they work thanks

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Is the atf the EA's... sorry i dont know anything about EA's...I am trying to do this all manually

--- 帖子 #826 ---
also the sixths indicator. I see there's a few different versions of this.

which one is the one to be using on the 4hr chart.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
The sixths is only for the 1 hr version, the 4 hr uses two ma's

edit: ignore this, sixths is from nb5.3, got my indicators confused

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Really, in the manuals the sixth is always used on the 4hours....unless he changed it in thread.....still going through it, almost half way through

--- 帖子 #829 ---
The sixths is not used in version 1.0 you are on the wrong thread that is the 5.0 series. I am in SanFran (actually Sana Clara) so will be sight seeing today.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
LOL...I am reading both threads at the same time so these "buzzwords" end up tripping me up.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
The sixths indicator is used on the other thread 4hr chart, I can't get my head around that indi at all. each time I keep switching the timeframe the values of the horizontal lines  change to different levels.

Its ment to gather 120 4hr bars. which is one months worth of bars.

Am I on the right page?

thing is when you select it to only appear on the 4hr. and switch to the 1hr chart these lines appear all over the 1hr chart and its looks one big mess!

--- 帖子 #832 ---
The 4H system is the 4H system so that is where I use that indicator. However, whenever you switch to another time frame it adjusts to that new TF. So you must wait until the lines reset for the new TF and screen. If it is on weekends and your broker is not open then you have to reset the lines by updating the screen.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
I see that people is kind of confused: 1h TF or 4h... Thanks.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
I'm not confused. I'm looking into both methods. The sixths indicator I've looked into on my chart and have worked out now.

I trade D1 normally so these smaller timeframes are taking some getting used too lots of noise on the charts fake moves etc.

--- 帖子 #835 ---
sooo do you recommend to stay away from smaller TF? Do you think bob is going to come out whit a mix system ? A mix between 1h and 4h? sorry to bother.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
well i trade my own way anyway. Have loads of different things that I have learnt over the years. some are a load of rubbish and are scrapped some good. There seems to be a good few tips in this system and that 4r system.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
could somebody tell me how  "1.0 close buy/sell ATF"work?

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Here's my understanding of it, from just looking at the code for the close buy.  If price hits a stop or trailing stop, the EA gets suspended.  If price crosses below a moving average then it also closes the trade.  The moving average used is period 3, shifted 2, linear weighted, and based on the median.

That's what it looks like to me.  It works on all time frames.  Don't take my word for it.  Test it on demo and see.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
I will test it and I'll tell you. Thanks

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Hi all,

finally after a month of absence I am back . Amazing how the thread has grown over just a month ^^

currently I am struggling with registration and certification issues regarding a micro account at IBFX Australia...

in the meantime I am testing on a demo account and it works quite well.

My biggest problem is the exit. Does anyone have a strategy for taking profit ?

regards Free

--- 帖子 #841 ---
I always try to exit on the 4 hour middle tma line

--- 帖子 #842 ---
I try to get 20 pips for each trade, 100 cents make 1$.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Try Go Markets Australia - they have been great with me. Been with them for a year.

As for exits ... iv only been using this system for a couple of weeks ... still bugging me. I kinda of trade in the indicator channel...seems to be quite accurate.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
nanningbob: is it possible to have "Alert on TMA bands price penetrated" UP od DOWN when it actually happened?

explanation:

this alert is triggered on new candle. analyzing data from this Trading System it is a very good position to place an order indicating trend is changing

thx

--- 帖子 #845 ---
nanningbob:WHERE YOU ARE?

--- 帖子 #846 ---
He went on holidays to the US.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Thx for that hint... what do you need to do to certify yourself?

Do you know if they send you some kind of record for your taxes?

--- 帖子 #848 ---
I am in San Francisco eating clam chowder in a sourdough bread bowl, seeing my sons and daughters, brother in law, waiting for my Packers to win the Super Bowl, gonna watch the Magic Heat game now, etc etc. I wont be trading again until late next week. I thought I would trade this week but my sons job is very flexible and we are going out every day. So the guys who understand my systems are doing a great job answering questions. After working 2 fulltime jobs for 4 months I am enjoying doing absolutely nothing.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Well deserved rest. You forgot to add your valuable and time consuming work here FF. ENJOY Yourself  and best wishes..

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #850 ---
I ran these tests mostly to check out the difference in take profit strategies.

In cases where price pierced the 8 and came back in one bar, I made a decision about whether to enter the trade at the close of the bar, instead of assuming that I could get into the trade at the intra-bar cross.

Stop loss at previous swing high/low, with minimum stop loss of 15.  Stop  moved to BE +10 when unrealized profit in trade was the same as the original stop.

Take Profit 1:  100 pips, or when bar closes inside the 8.

Take Profit 2:  After BE is set, first bar to close inside the 8.

Results:

244 Trades

TP1

92 Winners - 37%

55 Break Even -23%

97 Losers - 40%

Average Trade - 19.2 pips

Expectancy - .38

Largest Drawdown - 12%

Return on $10,000 assuming 2% risk/trade and 4 pip spread = $34,053

TP2

71 Winners - 29%

75 Break Even - 31%

98 Losers - 40%

Average Trade 29 pips

Expectancy -.59

Largest Drawdown - 20%

Return on$10,000 assuming 2% risk/trade and 4 pip spread - $72,066

A few observations:  This pair seems more susceptible to drawdowns than the others I have tested, and overall is not as profitable.

In general, this system seems to do best in times with really big volatility.  The biggest moves in each of my tests came in 2008.  Here, there was one trade that netted over 1700 pips (giving over 50% growth in one trade).

The lower take profit method doesn't return as well, but also appears to be less risky.  Which method a person decides to use could ultimately be a matter of preference.  One alternative would be to split trades, taking off some at +100, and letting the rest ride.

I'm attaching a graph of the equity curves.  Look at how jagged and "toothy" the higher yielding one is.  Then again, look at the nearly 60 trade stretch starting just after 141, where the TP1 method stays basically flat and even gradually loses some.  (60 trades is something like 8-10 months, and I don't know how many people would be willing to ride a flat system for that long.)

--- 帖子 #851 ---
I know I first mentioned trading the "pierce" of the 8MA, and last week tried to trade a definite Close above/below the 8 before entering on a cross and I ended up with way more losses than wins.  All the setups that looked good to me seemed to die and reverse and the ones that looked risky seemed to take off.  Of course, this could just be what I'm starting to think of as "fantasy hindsight", where it looks like I should be filthy rich but when I try to trade real time, it just doesn't work out that way.

I haven't even taken any trades this week, just trying to figure out what works and what doesn't, especially with my sleep schedule.  It also seems that quite a few currencies seem to take off on a trend and never give an adequate pullback for entry until it has reached exhaustion, and then it's too late.

Have you tried your testing strategy in real time?  Curious to see if it works as good live.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
I have tried all kinds of trading systems found on the internet but nothing has come close to this one in terms of profitability and win/loss ratio.

However, I did modify this system a little to make it even more profitable with extremely high win/loss ratio.

* all the losses happened during  ranging market with sloppy tp/sl.

I'm gonna open a live account next week with very risky money management and see where my account goes. (20% risk/trade)

wish me luck!

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Hi Timmytim

I hope that 20%/per trade is an error.  Please don't risk that high of a % on any trading system.  This is NB's site, please wait until he is back before jumping in that strongly.  If you have that much faith in his system, do both a favor and private message him about your plan.  If I remember correctly he should be getting home this week.  I know I'm being nosey but I also noticed you are junior member.  Please trade slowly at first.

gmcc

--- 帖子 #854 ---
I was hoping to start trading Monday again but a friend from Canada just stop by for a couple of days. I will start Wednesday. When you live in China it is not often someone just drops in so, see you then.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Will you say what you did to modify it?  I have gotten extremely excited at changes I made which seemed to work great until I applied them to realtime trading.  Would like to know what you have done.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
what a newb lol hinting at a change but obviously wanting to hide it when NB did a great job to introduce a free system that works. I wouldn't put too much confidence in his post let the market deal with him lol

Jag

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Perhaps it's working for you if you can trade the 1H but I can't. Because of where I live, I need to trade the 4H (or even D1 might be an option) unless I can automate it, and Steve's autotrader is still being tested, and Bob ended up taking his vacation just as he started switching to 4H, so waiting to see what he's come up with, because my new ideas aren't working so well.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
First of all, yes Sid, I am a newbie and still in the process of learning the art of technical analysis.

and dear Mr. Nanningbob, I really really appreciate and commend your selflessness of releasing a great system to the public.

I modified it because, like I said, I am a newbie and needed something even more visual than nb 1.0

Instead of using 5ma 5 shift I use adaptive laguerre filter(alf) and also added 60minute TMA to the chart

Grey line is the 60min TMA and dodgerblue blue line is the adaptive laguerre filter.

Rest is the same as nanningbob's template.

I go long if alf line is below the limegreen line and a bullish candle closes above the alf line but below the limegreen line

I go short in opposite condition

60min TMA is for me to visually see whether the price is truly in an oversold zone or vice versa.

If the price is really close to  or above (or below) both TMAs I only go short(or long if its below both TMAs) with larger TP than normal.

Attached chart is just taken today less than an hour ago

--- 帖子 #859 ---
One of the reasons I made the chart clean and simple is so people could use whatever they are familiar with in trading. My goal was to define the trend so then you could trade it with confidence. To me that was the missing piece of every trading system that followed the trend. It had no definition. Too many trading gurus say, follow the trend but they dont define what it is and your running around on lower time frames and getting clobbered. My next update which I hope to have done this next weekend will add to my definition of not only what a trend is but also a breakout and range. So with these definitions you then know how to trade that particular market. What I want is for a person to open a chart look at it and know almost immediately that:

1. This is a down/up trend

2. This is a ranging market

3. This is a breakout.

Obviously it wont be 100% fool proof but I hope to increase my trading odds by knowing exactly what I should do in each case. So I have been silent for several weeks now but my brain is still working. I want to test my theories this week and if they work then you can go to any type of trading style, from scalping to long term and have a reasonable chance at success. You can look at the main chart and then decide how you want to trade. This will be my goal since I am off of work this week and can put several hours a day into this project. Love this 4-6 weeks off for Chinese New Year, the US should get something like this. I love it.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Welcome. We all had to start at some point and we were all newbies at some point in the past (my case just over 3 years ago). My advice is do not rush, guard your capital, do not risk more than 2% of your capital on any one trade and study as much as you can. I wish you all the best and hope you are here in three years time to give the same sort of advice to the newbies who start in 2014.

Kind Regards

Nice to have you back after a very well deserved holiday. It has been quite here whilst you were away. I have moved up one time frame to daily charts and hope to have some solid news for the thread in a few weeks time. Can not wait to apply your modifications to D1.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Thank you for your kind words sir

--- 帖子 #862 ---
I'm still a newb too, but I would go further than Astral in regards to preserving capital.  Think of the beginning like a proof of concept in business.  If you are trading live, start with much less even than 2% of your capital, maybe 1/10th of that.  Then give yourself a program which will increase your lot size with your success, and decrease it with failure.  For example, if you started with .2% risk, you could up that by another .1% every 100 or 200 pips, but then also have a level where you moved back a step when you started taking losses.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Looks like you're using the 15M charts.  That won't work for me.  Oh, well, I'll wait for Bob's updates.  Can't really trade less than 4H unless I don't plan to sleep at all.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Hi Bob,

Is the 48 MA still being used as part of the strategy?

I am basically just running what you have outlined in post 1. If you are going to make any adjustments will you be updating post 1?

Cheers

StaticX

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Very good point, BOB has tried it and with these indicators he advises against 15m or even 30m. As for 1H time frame the jury is still out on that and BOB has moved back to 4H, I am considering daily to be safe as houses.

DUFFYPRAT`s words are full of wisdom. IMHO basically how you should approach forex trading is that the criminals are after your hard earned cash and you should be very very vigilant and try not to give them any of your money.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Page 1 Post 1 is the official system. People make adaptations from that. Because of my work schedule I miss too many opportunities trading the 1H charts. I am a 4 hour chart guy so I am adapting the same philosophy to a 4 H chart. When I get done adapting the 1.0 system to a 4H chart then I will post it.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
I like this system because it looks clean and simple.. and being another nanningbob method im sure its tested and very well thought off.  Gonna play with it for a while. Thanks Nanningbob.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
I just waiting for you system, everyday I read this thread, god bless you.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Possible setups today Feb 21 on 1H..

AUDJPY

GBPJPY

EURGBP

USDCAD

seems that trend is changing in major USD pair EU GU AU etc so im staying away from those pairs.. thats what i think anyways.. Anyone know how to set alert when price cross the 5MA?

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Astral,

How do you configure your TMA/Indys for the D1 TF? Are you using the same indicator used for H1/H4?

Thanks,

Edd

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Tim,

Is it possible to post your template?

Thanks,

Edd

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Guys,

Will someone help me on the attached photos screen. The trend (nzdusd) is downtrend (below the dark blue line and below the TMA). My question is if the 5x5 crosses with the 1MA is this a valid buy entry?

Thanks,

Edd

--- 帖子 #873 ---
I have not been using this with the 1M, 5M, or 15M charts but if it is a trade that goes in the same direction as the 1H read then I cant see why you could not use it that way. I have not tested it on these lower time frames though. If you try it and it is successful let us know. The EAs only work on the 1H chart though.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Bob,

Thank you for your reply. The NZDUSD is a 1h TF. I am still confused using the TMA. This is my first visit after your 5.0 System and started demoing. The seemingly confusing arises in reference to the weekly trend - the dark blue line. For example if I want to buy on dips (support) and the green weekly trend is below (or sell and the weekly dark blue line is on above),  is this is a valid entry? The definition corrent me if I am wrong state that it must be in line with the weeklly trend.

Sorry, maybe I missed something down the line of your post some explanation of this similar issues. Right now I just rely on the crossing of the 5x1 MA.

Regards,

Edd

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Yesterday I opened 3 orders: USDSGD, AUDUSD and AUDJPY.

Only two in profit, AUDJPY closed by SL.

I opened when MA5 was closed to Red or Green line and price went through it.

The TMA direction was down on AUDUSD and AUDJPY, but the main thrend was UP and I opened BUY orders.

I was really surprised today when I saw that the TMA have an other values and MA5 wasn't below the Green line.

I understood now that the TMA redraw the history and we must have some experience when using it, because we see the situation in the current time and decide what to do.

The TMA indicator is very useful - just didn't try to have an experience from the history you will see the other picture in this case.

I attached the 3 photos - the third is the 1 on 2. You can see the indicator values today and yesterday.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Anyone knows if something is up with this pair?

Using TOB and in recovery L1 -296 , L2 -147 @ 0.05 lot size.

When is this thing gonna turn around.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Because of the earthquake in NZ the NZ dollar took a dive.

Apart from that, I think you're in the wrong tread. "TOB" trades the countertrend method and the ea for that has it's own thread.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
sorry for the newb question but this is my first time working with EA's and i need a little help. For some reason my EA's aren't triggering orders when price moves across the line. I'm using an fxdd mt4 demo account. Can someone please tell me what i'm doing wrong?

--- 帖子 #879 ---
If the EA has settings for TP and SL you need to change these to 0 and see if it works then. Some brokers now use systems that wont take the SL and TP with the buy/sell order and they must be added after the trade is entered.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Eur/nzd and gbp/nzd are two of the  most volatile pairs on the market. They can swing a 1000 pips at times so unless you really know what you are doing I wouldnt trade those pairs. I like the eur/nzd but it can give you ulcers.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Hi Bob - hope your vacation was relaxing and thoroughly enjoyed

In regards to jaymuurs' previous post concerning EA's, I also have a question. It seems my EA's only trigger intermittently = not real reliable.

I'll take you through the latest occurrence - perhaps you can point out something I am doing incorrectly:

I have a profile created for each pair on my platform, w/ the usual M, W, D, H4 and H1 charts.

Any time I arrive at the desk, I toggle through all the profiles and load any applicable EA's ( I am still using the 1.0 H1 Trend System). Today included loading the 1.0 5X5 Buy for the Eur/Jpy sometime around 10 a.m. CST. (16:00 GMT)

I returned to the screens around 12:25 CST (18:25 GMT) to check on any EA fills, and when I switched to the Eur/Jpy H1 chart, price was definitely above the 5X5, but the trade had not triggered. Also, when selecting this chart within the profile (I am using 3 screens, so there are always several charts minimized), I received the 'question window' asking: "Eur/Jpy: Do you wish to continue to use this robot?". I responded 'yes', and then the trade was triggered on the next tick.

I've also just noticed that any time I switch profiles, and then return to one holding an active EA, I will receive this same question window. Does this mean the EA goes 'dormant' when you leave the profile in which the EA  resides? Seems to me that would kind of negate the purpose of the EA if that is the case.

Hope you can make some sense of this, and thanks for any suggestions or comments if I am doing something wrong. Your system is performing quite well, provided one can be present for the setup, or the EA does indeed function as intended

I should add, I do not load the EA w/ a SL or TP (both set to zero), and the only change I will make will be to the Lot size.

Regards ... mephisto

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Hi

What do you think profile does? It is almost like a template. The only difference being it holds charts rather than set up within a chart. When you change your profile, MT4 closes all the charts which includes the charts holding the EAs and opens new charts which are defined within the loaded profile. Therefore, it is not surprising for the EA not to function since you have closed the chart by switching profiles even if you have reloaded the profile with the loaded EA.

This is basic MT4 know how my friend. You are an old member of FF (2006) I am surprised you did not know this, maybe you were using different platforms before. One solution for you is to note the set ups you like and afterwards opening charts and loading EAs accordingly. I hope this helps.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Just to add to the advice given by astral77, did you know that you can do a copy and paste of the complete MT4 folder, find the "terminal.exe" and run multiple copies of MT4? Doesn't even have to be in the "Programs" folders, put it anywhere you want (MT4 must not use any registry setting to start up)

Doing it that way, you can have a different profile open in each of the open programs; no need to switch profiles and have your EA closed.

And also, for your general knowledge, you can drag & drop the complete MT4 program to a USB and run it from there; I do that on a work computer daily - and even works with the proxy & password

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=67529

--- 帖子 #884 ---
I hadn't thought about putting the MT4 onto a thumb drive, but it sounds like an excellent idea, especially if I ever need to travel without my laptop.  Thanks for the tip.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Beats the hell outta' me (but I guess that is obvious at this point - LOL). And you also got the 'old' member correct ... i.o.w., I arrived long before the technology revolution, and computers are simply a necessary evil of modern trading in my world. I started my trading experience driving 40 miles to a R.J. O'Brien field office, and watching the ticker.

Now to the point -  thanks very much astral and snowman - very clear and helpful info! Would I be correct to now believe that I can also create a profile for holding all charts which are loaded w/ an EA, and when away from the desk, simply ensure that it is open?

Thanks again, guys -  I appreciate the help.

Regards ... mephisto

--- 帖子 #886 ---
You are welcome. We are here to help and learn from each other. Very good to have such senior traders around. The profile will have the EAs on charts the way you saved them, however, when you change profiles sometimes the EAs are not active. You have to click the "EXPERT ADVISORS" button on the top bar of mt4 to activate the EAs.

THANKS SNOWMAN, did not know the bit about the USB Flash drive. Will try it.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Or you just uncheck the box in this image and keep doing as you were doing.  no reason a saved profile with ea's attached to charts shouldn't work imo.

http://my.jetscreenshot.com/3462/m_2...-ovfv-32kb.jpg

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Thanks, tazmaan. Just to note, neither of the 'disable' boxes were checked.

I think I will touch base w/ the folks at IBFX to arrive at a better understanding w r t EAs.

Regards ... mephisto

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Here is another useful tip.

Did you know you can copy and duplicate profiles between MT4's?

After creating your new profile, go to the MT4 profile directory and copy the folder with the name you gave to your new profile.

You can now paste this folder into any other MT4 profile directory and after a restart the profile will be available.

In fact, when I have made a profile I want to keep, I copy the profile folder to a separate directory. Now, if I ever mess up my profile, I always have a copy of the original

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Good day to all subscribers, I'm just new to this thread and method. I was excited after reading it all, and now it seems nobody is posting any analysis or watched trades........... so here is my obligatory chart and "is this a trade set up?" Sorry about the crude chart editing, at work right now!

Actually, I'm not seeing many valid set ups myself, if I'm reading the rules correctly that is. Seems like the USD-JPY crossed the 5x5 a few times today but didn't move much, and the GBP-JPY was pretty good sell entry, right, even though it didn't retrace to the other side of the TMA?
EUR-JPY has nice drop, although the blue lines not yet crossed over, could be a great long term trade set up next week on the retracement, anyone?

Thanks, and hope to learn a lot from you all, have a great weekend, John

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Hi John,

I've attached the AU H1 chart in hope of alerting you to the idea of the position of the 5X5 in relation to the TMA bands. I'm sure you understand Bob's definition of trend: if the light blue TMA middle is above the blue 240ma, then we are in an uptrend, and looking for long entries. And likewise for downtrend ... light blue below blue, etc.

So, if in an uptrend as our examples here, we wish to enter after a pullback, which Bob has stipulated will be satisfied once price has returned to the lower green TMA band. It is then that we would like to enter long, but we want the 5X5 to also be in a 'lowered' position. Close to the green lower band is best, but we will also accept when the cross would occur somewhere between the green lower band and the light blue TMA middle. I've circled two examples on my chart, the one on the left considered the best entry per the rules. Notice the difference in relation to where you see the 5X5 on your chart.

From Bob's 1.0 Trend Trading System doc. :
"Obviously you take profit when price moves from one end of the TMA to the other. So when the sell enters near the red line you take your profit when it reaches the green line."

******************************************

Of course, we'd be doing the opposite here - 'when the buy enters near the green line you take your profit when it reaches the red line.'

I would suggest looking at all the examples shown in Bob's original doc - I think that would help with a better understanding for both long and short scenarios. Hopefully, I am not pointing out stuff here that you already fully understand. My apologies if that is the case.

Please note that this market seems to be in more of a consolidation phase these days, as evidenced by the back and forth crossings of the blue lines. It's a good idea to consider overall context of the market before committing to a trade based solely on Bob's template. The more things you can bring to the table, the better all this works, imho.

Regards ... mephisto

--- 帖子 #892 ---
John - here's a trade I took yesterday. I was eventually stopped out, but still managed to gain 45p. I would 'grade' this entry as a C, or B- at best, due to the weakening state of our trend conditions.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
@ MephistoII,

Thanks for reply and some great examples; I will be following your suggestion and study as much as I can on the weekend.

Why is it when finding a new method, the best trades were 2 days ago?

Guess you can't force these trades, only sit and wait like a vulture! which reminds of the cartoon of 2 vultures sitting, waiting for something to die, and one says "bugger this, I'm going to kill something"

A technical question, and maybe too picky here but, as I understand the research and definition of trend, that is the 2MA + 2MA Shifted 2 on Weekly chart, but why is there still a 2 MA in the template? I see it displayed on your chart, it has no bearing to trade decisions any longer does it?

Thanks, John

--- 帖子 #894 ---
John - I'm not exactly sure what you are referencing here w/ the 2X2. If you are questioning the purple ma, that is a 48X4, which I believe Bob introduced as a proxy for the daily trend direction.

Take a look at the current H1 EUR/NZD - it is setting up for a long entry. However, as Bob mentioned previously, it's quite the volatile pair, and I'm not interested in entering trades on a Fri. afternoon  But it gives another example of what we are normally looking for.

Have a good weekend ... meph

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Check your Indicators, 1 by 1, you will find a MA that is 2 - it is the White line I can see on your posted charts, this is what I am referring to, I know about the 48 MA representing Daily Trend, I have it on my chart also, thanks, John

PS - I got the 2 MA information direct from nanningbob document, his theory on TREND - Quote

"4.THE ONE HOUR CHART SETUP: Let us go to a one hour chart and make a simple easy to read trade setup.

a.First after some study I decided a 2MA crossing a 2MA shift on the weekly chart transferred for better trades on a 1 hour chart. So the math went like this. A 2MA on a weekly is approximately a 10 MA on a daily (2MA x 5 trading days). A 10 MA is approximately a 60MA on a 4H chart (6-4H periods = 1 day so 6x10= 60). A 60 MA on a 4H = a 240 MA on a 1H chart. So a 240 MA Median Smoothed gives us a nice smooth arching line on a 1H chart. Looks like this. This gives us an approximation of what is happening on a weekly chart. "

--- 帖子 #896 ---
watch out for this system. with some success dont rely on that see the overall trend

download and see the setup

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Thanks for posting. Since I am working two jobs again I simply dont have time to do this so I appreciate it that some will do this. It is a great teaching tool when you understand the basics of the system.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
John - the white line on the chart comes straight from the box of the original template, and is simply a 1 period smoothed mov.avg. based on the median price w/ zero shift. I do not know why it was included - my original thought was maybe it was tied to the EAs in some manner, and I let it go at that. In fact, I never even notice it - your eyes are better than mine

With regards to Bob's discussion on the 2X2, I believe he was just conveying how he originally considered it as a good trend delineator for the weekly chart. He then showed the simple math conversion to make it applicable to the H1 time frame, resulting in our blue 240 smoothed ma. As he states, we use it for an approximation of the weekly trend.

On the surface, this is a simple and straightforward system, which quickly allows us to asses the trend(s), and guides us to where we have a higher probability of successfully entering the trend after a pullback/retrace. If you are wanting to dig deeper into the conceptualization, you'll have to ask the man himself

Regards ... meph

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Hey Sam,

Did you continue to follow that pair, AUD-CAD, after your posting? Seems to me there was a SELL signal shortly after that would have got 100's of pips!

And you recognized the blue lines were about to cross, so just wondering, still with this method or have you moved on?

Thanks, John

--- 帖子 #900 ---
First I want to apologize for taking so long to answer. I missed your  post. My best guess would be this. Steve's EAs are use once and done. In other words they wont enter again until you reset them. This is a safety feature of the EAs. If you dont want this feature you can turn it off by changing the safety feature from true to false. After I enter a trade I usually take the EA off the screen and set up my TP, SL etc. or I let the MPTM EA set them for me. I dont trade that pair again until I see another set in which I turn the EA on so I dont run into the no trade scenario that often. Almost all my EAs are set for when price enters at a 1 MA Median crossing a MA line or the Bid price crossing a MA line or Bollinger Band line.

Now your questions:

Does this mean the EA goes 'dormant' when you leave the profile in which the EA resides? If you are running several screens of the same pair are EAs on each one? If that is the case they may all be sending signals and then you arent getting any entrances. Make sure you have only one EA on per pair.

If you leave your profile then you are turning off the EA and going to another profile setting. So yes that would turn it off, unless on the new profile you are running the EA. I hope you understand the difference between running multiple screens and time frames on one pair and going to another profile. A profile will save the settings of that profile and if you switch that changes the screen to the new format. So lets say you have a profile of JIM with an EA running and you switch to the SUSAN profile. Well unless you have that same EA running on that SUSAN profile you have turned the JIM EA off when you switched. When you switched back you turned the EA back on and it will ask you do you want me to run?

I hope I have understood your question.

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Hi Bob - thank you very much for your detailed reply. There was certainly no need for an apology - in fact, I should apologize for my basic lack of understanding of the mechanics of MT4. I've never had a reason to run an EA before encountering your system, so the specifics of profile usage never came into play.

I now understand, whenever leaving the desk, I will have an active profile which contains the H1 chart of any pair with a running EA. Following your example, the profile is named 'Bob'

All the best ... meph

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Hi Bob, can you tell me why you not consider using recovery system when traiding TT? If it works with CT it should work only better with TT  I gess and with less stress coz we are with trend...

--- 帖子 #903 ---
More than 15 hours since anyone posted? Here is a chart for comments, this was a valid LONG set up & trade right? Even with the down sloping TMA, it managed to rise quickly.

I didn't take it, I'm still watching & learning, amazing some of the YEN moves today...

PS - just noticed that it was a great Asian session, or Tokyo channel breakout trade to the upside as well

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Oops, noticed the last chart didn't show that is was the EUR-AUD.

This is the EUR-USD which was probably the better trade and giving a lead on the other Euro crosses, the EUR-JPY also yielding a similar 90 pips.

Going have to start taking these trades.....

--- 帖子 #905 ---
I guess the trades are out there, just have to read the signals & set ups as they happen; options expiry today, is it?

Huge range here, 178 when average is 148

--- 帖子 #906 ---
These are my current setups ... what do you think?

//edit

Does anyone know how to get an email when a trade opens / closes with some data like SL, entry point etc?

is there an EA for such thing?

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Looks good Free99, you missed a couple, and the USD_JPY and USD_CHF are possible set ups?

Can't help you with the email question, just learning myself how to use the NB 1.0 system, EA's, templates, etc.

I can't let these run tonight as I have to shut down soon and travel tomorrow, so they will probably be huge winners

--- 帖子 #908 ---
another question...

I edited the EA so I can enter an absolute value for my stop loss... seemed that the normal EA is for a relative SL

can someone tell me what the error meant?

2011.02.28 19:26:17    1.0 5x5 SELL EURCHFm,H1: EURCHFm 1 SL  order modify failed with error(4051): invalid function parameter value

@snowman: I got GBPJPY too but only EURCHF triggered

hope it will be a nice winner, too

--- 帖子 #909 ---
A recovery system has limits. In other words you can only do so much and then you just close out and take the loss. If you dont at some point you end up Martingaling the trade and we know that at some point the perfect storm comes and blows your account. In trend trading if  you are on the wrong side of the trade and you can have a reversal you can go 1000s of pips before you get a good retracement. In counter trend trading you are entering at a point where you think price has exhausted and most of the time it works. If it doesnt counter trading a level or two makes sense because you are still near the exhaustion point and you have a very high rate of success of a reversal. That may not be the case in trend trading. You may find yourself caught in a reversal at the very beginning of a trend shift and then you can have severe damage to your account. So that is why I dont recommend using it with trend systems. The odds are higher you can be on the wrong side of a trend change that can go for several weeks or even months.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Thanks for your answer, it is paradoxical but makes sense a lot.

At the same time i think it is best to trade this system using stop loss multiplier .5 - .75 for the swing stop. It will still catch those nise runs and will not suffer much in range periods.There are many of such runs as in the chart below that do not need big SL

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Several trades today, anyone catch some pips? Expect some retracement here, but I think there is more upside

--- 帖子 #912 ---
100 pips, easy as

--- 帖子 #913 ---
To my understanding probably the most important thing to learn in trading are the limits of any system you use. Once you comprehend the limits of a system you then can trade in confidence because you know when to stop and get out. I know not to countertrend at the beginning of a trend change. You will get killed. However, to make countertrend trading successful you need some extra levels to trade. You also need to know that there are limits to the levels. Once this is understood trading then becomes enjoyable and you can takes losses in stride because you know the limits and why you have to take them. Taking losses becomes a normal part of trading and then you become successful. This important concept is almost never taught in any system.

--- 帖子 #914 ---
NB:

Been using your system  lately and having a lot of success with it. I agree with the 1H.. With my work schedule I seem to be missing a lot of trades. I get home and ceck on things and find they have already went past the entry points.

I want to start looking at this system on the Daily Charts. What would be the conversion for the 240 MA from the 1H chart to the Daily chart? I believe you said to convert the 240 MA from the 1H to the 4H it changes to 60MA. So, what would it be on the Daily chart?

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Sorry to be so blunt, but it is in the manual from post #1, the answer being 10, the math is quite easy, just work from 2 and multiple by the number of trading periods. Infact, NB could have gone straight to 240 by saying 2 x 120 = 240 (5 days x 24 = 120 trading periods)

--- 帖子 #916 ---
SandFX, this is for you, as I decided to check what the Daily charts would look like. My opinion is that the TMA doesn't play very well with the 10 MA ........ BUT when I looked at the 4 Hour charts, I like what I see, the TMA and 60 MA really spot the trend; check out this recent NZD.

Thanks for bringing this up, I will be watching all currency on 4 H from now on and post any setups!

--- 帖子 #917 ---
here are my trades open at the moment...

really nice work@nb ...

btw. its my live account... so really nice

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Thanks, Snowman..

That helps a lot. The 4H is showing up better than I thought. And sorry for not researching the math.

This system is really good, but was getting frustrated when I ended up missing most of the trades because of work. Maybe I should just stop working...  lol  maybe I should make it so I don't have to work.. eventually

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Not much to be seen on the charts this late on a Friday, seems like most are over extended to the high side, like EUR-USD, or downside like USD-CAD, with the trend. Either that, or there is no clear crossover and the price action is flat, see the AUD-JPY.

Hopefully there will be some great pullbacks, with trend continuation, next week - see example chart.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
chart looks great! let's hear what bob has to say about it

i see you're in oz, mate - whereabouts? i'm im melbourne myself

just started trading this system for a few days and it's working well so far

used to trade bob's 4H strat, and that one of the most successful ones i've ever used! so i'm a lot of confidence in this one too

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Great Pic. Thanks for posting

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Hi Mediator,

Can you (or any other) customize the NBfast Dashboard to make caracters more readable? I.e. Size/Colors etc. In my charts I have to use the microscope to read them.

Also it could be useful to be able to choice the pairs to look at....

Thanks in advance....

Aztrader

P.s. Great job in this thread!!!

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Its taking all my willpower not to go countertrend on that EJ and EG setup. Otherwise the 5x5 EA just shorted me on the UJ. I'm only trading the majors along with EJ and EG to make 8 pairs to help control my overtrading habits. So if there are setups on any other pairs I'm unaware...

BTW is the correct value for the ATR Multiplier 2.0 or 2.5? I missed a few (maybe more than a few) pages since the thread started due to work and I'm seeing some people using a 8MA to enter trades. I've searched for an update to the system in here but no luck just bits and pieces.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
I am no programmer, but try this at your own risk

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Forgot the screen shot, big enough?

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Corylee, I have spotted the very same thing a few weeks ago. I have quietly been following FF over 1.5 years without posting anything until I educated myself a bit more with forex and trading in general.

I had made an EA based on nanningbobs rules (I'm a software engineer by profession so have no problem with mql) and have found that the long & short signals at current time may not always be considered historically because when time has moved forward the historic TMA values change and redraw as shown in your charts. So I always hold level of skepticism when looking at entry rules on historic charts using this sytem.

I had tried this with the tma true indicator which doesn't repaint so the entry rules are more consistent.

I have also found that when adding the divergence filter of the (240MA(DBlue) and the center TMA) values to the EA, a lot of possible entries are ignored because as price action moves to the outer TMA lines and beyond in most cases this causes the the divergence filter to kick in and fails to trigger a buy or sell signal when it heads back and crosses the shifted 5MA.

This still is a very very good system non the less but probably not one that can be automated easily.

As a first post would also like to give my gratitude to nanningbob and steve hopwood for all you guys have done. Respect!! Especially to bob and his systems. Always follow your posts with great interest.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
1 question, I wanted to forward test this with a micro account. However, can the EA deals with EURUSDm GBPUSDm

Does the "m" make any difference to the EA?

--- 帖子 #928 ---
NB:

This may be a stupid question, so slap me if it is and I'll understand. I'm learning your system and it's great.

My understanding of using the EAs that you have provided is to load the EA to get an entry for you once you have determined a good candidate currency. Then come back later and load the Management EA for the ones that were entered. This is fine and I can deal with that. I can remote in to my home computer from work I guess. Is there an EA that will manage the trade after entering without having to load another EA? I have looked and looked through your forum and tried to find one and can't. I'm not being lazy and I'm not a programmer. Just wondering if you might know of one.

And praises to the one who has taught us all how to fish!

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Read post 1 and download the MPTM Zip. It's what you want. Load on a separate chart with required settings. Or simply use the template with it already loaded. It will take over once the trade is live.

regards,

murray

--- 帖子 #930 ---
no it doesn't

I use it on IBFX Australia micro and it works just fine

you just need to adjust the lotsize to 0.01 to trade the minimum lot

btw. currently my EA is active on 11 pairs:

USDJPY

AUDNZD

GBPNZD

AUDCHF

USDCHF

GBPCHF

NZDJPY

NZDCHF

EURNZD

NZDUSD

CHFJPY

what do you think?

--- 帖子 #931 ---
and here are the others

--- 帖子 #932 ---
I looking at this two for tonight. I'm still sticking to h1 version.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
I am at work, so I have reduced my watch list to 6 - AUD-USD, EUR-USD, GBP-USD vs USD-CAD, USD-CHF, USD-JPY.

These give me a good view of what is happening with USD, and I think it is a tricky time right now. Sticking with the 1 Hour charts, I see trend change occurring with AUD & GBP with EUR certainly turning down, so I am holding off on any signals for now; they will probably be last gasp reactions.

On the other side, JPY has crossed, CHF is pointed up, and CAD is flat, so make of that what you will.

Looking back at the charts, you can see where entering at the 240 MA price would be a great entry, but there is some debate about the TMA that I am not completely understanding at this point.

Of course, could be some big news, and everything turn around just like that!!!

--- 帖子 #934 ---
I agree Snowman. I'm sticking with the H1 charts. I have been comparing the H4 and H1 charts and I'm liking the amount of entry opportunities on the H1. NB has a lot more insight and experience with this then I have. I've just had to be checking in more often and it's been working well. I love the '1.2 1h 4h trend' template NB shared with us. It allows me to check in on the H4 and see the longer term bigger picture.

I'm also remoting into my computer from work (don't tell my boss) so that allows me to keep track of them more often. It's literally taking less then 5 min to check on more than 20 markets, set up the good ones with the EA and move on. I've been having a lot of success. The 15-3 MPTM is doing wonders

Keep up the good work NB and all the others contributing

--- 帖子 #935 ---
19 trades with only 3 ending as losers, and those three were not significant losses. The biggest looser (EUR/CAD), the one highlighted in blue and it was only less then 20 pips. I actually manually took myself out of that one because the TMA had crossed the 240 for a change in direction and my trade was going long. Shouldn't have even considered entering that one as the TMA was so close to the 240 in the first place. The other 2 were taken out by the EA and they were very small indeed.

I'm loving it so far. A lot more testing to do for sure.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Hi SandFx

really happy to see your results

you gave me some hints for my trading..and for trading from my Office

I'm new to this system,but I'm not know to the Forex Market

that's for sure..

this is the second time that I scroll ALL the thread from the beginning

any suggestions for a newbie about this sys ?

I'd like to start my Demo ASAP,but I'm getting confused about original sys and variations

any help is truly appreciated

PM if you wish

have a nice business !

--- 帖子 #937 ---
I'm using the info from page 1 with a couple modifications that NB has offered. He started the system on the H1 chart and missed using the H4 from what I could understand. So, he gave this link: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4316327 of what he is using to include the H4. It still has everything on the H1 and he's made the H4 to be read for a bigger picture. He even describes how to trade on the H4 if you want to use it. I'm using the H1.. more entries from what I can see so far.

The other modification that I'm using is Steve Hopwood's EA that he designed to use specifically for NB's system. It incorporates the MPTM 15-3 in it and I love it. Here's the link for that: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...29#post4288129

I like it because it's just one EA I can use and there's a lot of settings to customize to what I want.

I'm lovin this because like I said.. It just takes me about 5 minutes to go through a little over 20 currencies and set the EA and I'm good to go. I have to keep a close eye on them, but that's better than what I was doing before.. trading for hours at a time on the lower TFs.. INSANITY!!

NB is a good man I can tell. He didn't have to share all this and the amout of time to put into just this thread alone could drive a man crazy. I'll contribute what I can, but adding to perfection is hard to do

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Hello everybody

thank you so much SandFx

your reply is cristal clear

2 more questions please

at what time do you place most of your orders?

and how do you handle incoming FF "Red flag" News??

--- 帖子 #939 ---
I do pay close attention to the news and especially the Non-Farm Payroll Fridays in the U.S. It can be a whopper of a day especially lately. I've seen the pound and a few other markets move hundreds of pips instantly. The other red flags I just have to decide if the news may be a big item or not. I've used in the past the advice of not trading an hour before the big news to an hour after the big news. But if you're already in a trade and you have profit and you know the news is coming up soon, just get out and take the profit. And vice versa.

I mainly look at the markets a few hours before the London open and also before the U.S. open. Everyone has their own preferences. That's what I've been doing. I haven't looked too much during the Asian time period because that's when I'm getting home from work and getting things done around the house. I'm on the west coast in the U.S. and thats the times I'm working with. It looks like you're in Switzerland. That's clear on the other side of the world from me, so you just have to see what works for you. And NB is in China... WOW!!

Right now the time is 5:15 in the afternoon and I'm just getting home from work and for me the Asian market is trading now. London won't open for another 7 hours from now. So just before I go to bed around 9 or 10 pm I check the markets for about 5 minutes and see how things are. Then I get up around 5 am and check on things again... for another 5 minutes.. Then after a while at work I remote in to home and check on things again for another 5 minutes or so.

You know.. this 5 minute stuff is really blowing me away. After making over 230 pips in a couple of days.. And only spending 5 minutes at a time doing it.. I'm pretty tired. But I'm lovin it

I am still testing this system and making sure I'm prepared for whatever comes along.

The money management that NB taught is really very.. VERY.. VERY.. VERY important. When I start trading my real account I'm using his advice of $1 per $10,000, or 10 cents per $1000. I intend to be in many markets at once and trading like that won't blow your account out of the water. Smart advice and I think it's well given. You don't have to make a fortune in a few days or weeks trading and risking everything you have while doing it. Just take it easy, keep your mind calm and don't make any STUPID MISTAKES! I really think that's the key. Read his manual about his 5 year plan. It's very interesting.

Anyway... I'm off my soap box for now. Someone else chime in..

NB is the greatest. Thanks NB

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Glad you brought that up, swissforex, about the FF "Red Flags" news. I went through the markets last night.. over 20 in about 5 minutes..  and was deciding to put in my orders. Then decided to look at the calendar for news items. Whew... Glad I did. I decided to hold off on my orders.

There were some "Red Flags" concerning the CAD and GBP. The CAD/JPY dropped over 130 pips.. Guess that wasn't good news. And the GBP/JPY dropped over 240 pips.. I call that currency the.. "Widowmaker" It can move on a dime sometimes.

Anyway.. I had a really good sleep last night not worrying about my trades. Because I did my research.. a whole 5 minutes worth..  and knew I didn't need to be in the market.

--- 帖子 #941 ---
that's funny

and you are right

I used to LOVE GBPJPY  on M5 TF so much...maybe it was a bad love

anyway,I'm glad that I posted something useful

--- 帖子 #942 ---
I know what you mean...  I used to love killing myself...  Now that I can look back on all the pain and agony I went through it's laughable. Seriously. I can't believe how long I would sit in front of my computer waiting for something to happen!! I even at one point decided to change my sleeping pattern so I could stay up later because I was loving the London session, which opens up at 1:00 a.m. my time..   That's ridiculous with trying to work a full time job.

I traded Commodities years ago and did ok at it. Funny thing was I was trading on the daily charts with the Commodities.. much longer time frames compared to the 5M charts that I was using with Forex. I should have learned something from those days. But it was the excitement of making even faster money on the 5M or even the 1M that got me going. And I didn't have to call up a broker to put my orders in. After blowing a lot of money I finally decided that wasn't working and had to look at the longer TFs.

Snowman showed me the H4 charts really well. NB used to trade on the H4 and then came out with this system on the H1. I longed for the days of the Daily chart, but finally decided on how I was gonna be able to check on the markets more often by remoting home from work. Now Things are much better.  And I love being able to take just "5 Minutes" to decide what to do. That's is just fine in my book

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Hey Sand ... for some reason, this all sounds strangely familiar

Re. the short tf's: To the novice trader, scalping these mkts seems like a no-brainer. They start calculating the possible rewards of taking several trades/day using a standard lot, or worse, multiples, and then compound the problem using skewed R:R. They'll risk 20p, and grab 5 for a quick profit. But then when the mkt doesn't cooperate, they figure they can average down/up their less than perfect entry, only to see the mkt continue to race in the wrong direction. It doesn't take too many months for the small acct (5K) to be rubbed out. Over leveraged, under capitalized, and normally not a clue as to how the mkts function, and they finally leave the arena cursing about how its all rigged.

This is not to imply that scalping or 'averaging in' can't be employed by an experienced trader. More, just my belief that so many noobs get the cart before the horse, not to mention being blinded by the dollar signs. Only through serious commitment and experience does the idea of actually waiting for the ideal setups finally come home to roost. And NB has certainly provided a great tool with which to pursue these intentions.

Good trading ... meph

--- 帖子 #944 ---
I totally, totally agree, meph. With experience, comes wisdom.

As the "Despicable Me" Character says...  "Light Bulb"

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Hi SandFx

would you please be so kind to share your   .set   file for Steve' s EA and or explain briefly your setups?

please don't answer me to try all the inputs by myself

and do not think I'm  lazy

I read this thread (63 pages-very interesting reading )and all the thread about that EA (21 pages !) but with all that inputs it's driving me crazy

I absolutely need a starting - setup file

thank you in advance

p.s.

about timeframes..I did my own search and find out that H1 gives much more good setups,and I like very much the last template (1.2 1H 4H tpl) shared by NB ,not for trading but for spotting Price Action.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Yeah, I agree. I definitely want to quit my job for good.

I know you can use the MPTM but I have also been doing some coding and will eventually add them to the entry EA, including Automatic Position Sizing! (Whoo-Hoo!) Actually, I've already got that part coded.

See next comment...

I'm watching your posts because I too live on the West Coast (and if you tell me you're in San Diego, I'll be really jealous cause that's where I want to move as soon as I can!).

I understand checking several times a day but don't really want to get up at 5am, although that's probably the best time to check.

Not sure why you say you're tired if you only have to check 5 minutes 3 or 4 times a day. Are you stressing over the trades?

Again what do you mean by "having to keep an eye on them"? Don't you set the EA, come back later to see it there's a trade and set the MPTM? I'm trying to figure this out for me since I don't want to get up during the night to check the London session.

Could you perhaps post a few screenshots explaining your setups and trade management? Thanks.

Eric

--- 帖子 #947 ---
I've attached the .set files as .txt files because FF doesn't allow .set files to be attached. After you download them just change the extension on the files to .set and they will work fine.

The biggest change on the .set files for me is setting the Criminals to 'true'. I trade with IBFX which is 5 digit and the EA only works correctly when that is set to 'true'. So, if your broker is 5 digit, the it will work fine. If not, then make that 'false'.

I've changed the lot value to .1 or $1 per pip. I'm trading demo according to the advice NB gave for money management. Set that to what you want.

I don't care for only trading at certain times so I've changed the Trade_Hours_M and Trade_Hours_E to start_hourm 0; end_hourm 12; start_houre 12; end_houre 24. This allows for trading 24 hours a day. So at any time I see a good setup I can drag the EA over and not have to worry about it not taking the trade because it's set to not trade at that time. Good for me..

The other thing I've changed is setting the ShowManagementAlerts (second to the bottom) to false. I just didn't want any alert showing up. Kinda irritating to me. But you decide. Everything else I've left to default. Oh, and one other thing.. the 15-3 MPTM is in both EAs, so no worries there. I left that alone as well. Works just great.

Steve Hopwood explains the difference between the two EAs as:

Attached are two robots. They are identical. Their code is identical; their inputs are identical. The only difference between the two attached versions is that the manual trader is dragged onto your chart once you have identified a setup and looks for the trade trigger. The auto-trader attempts to identify the setup for you, then looks for the trade trigger.

You drag the manual trading version onto your chart once you have identified the setup. You do not have to worry about a buy or sell ea. If the trend is up, the bot will look for a buy trigger. If down, it will look for a sell trigger.

You can use either bot for both purposes but setting the appropriate input to true - as described further down. I am simply trying to make life easy for those who are either confirmed manual or robot traders.

Once a trade is sent, both versions of the bot manage it in the same way.

Once a trade is closed for whatever reason, the manual version should shut itself down. I have included the safety feature from the original buy/sell bots, so users should receive warnings that they are familiar with.

That's all on the first page of his post. I like both EAs and I use them both.. These are not "set and forget" EAs. You have to keep an eye on them. But when I notice a currency in a good setup, I throw one of these on the let it roll

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #948 ---
No.. I'm not in San Diego, but I have a brother that lives there and I go there a few times out of the year..  BEAUTIFUL. I want to buy one of those condos in the towers by Hotel Coronado on Coronado Island. Of course it needs to be a corner one where I can see San Diego and the ocean.

No, I'm not stressing over the trades at all. That's how nice it is and what a relief it is. I check at 5 am because that's when I get up for work. And I was making a joke about having to take a full '5 minutes' to check all the currencies. I used to set hours aside just to trade..  WOW! Now that really made me tired!!

What I meant by 'having to keep an eye on them' is that using the EAs doesn't mean it's a 'set it and forget it' type system. This is your money that you are dealing with and my money means a lot to me. I just don't want something to go wrong and have a lot of loosing trades on my hands. Like what recently happened in New Zealand and now in Japan with those earthquakes. You never know when something like that will happen and you don't hear about it till well after the markets take a dive. I'll post some charts when I have a little more time. And..  the 15-3 MPTM is already in both EAs. That's the beauty of them. Modern technology..  Isn't it wonderful? :nerd:

Hope that helps. I'm lovin it..   Wow.. sounds like I should start working for McDonalds

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Thanks, amigo.

Am ALWAYS struggling with getting the settings correct.

A step closer again.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
What ever I can do to help. I've picked up a lot from everyone on this post. They all have been great.

Hope the weekend ends soon. I get a little depressed on the weekends till trading starts back up again..   LOL..  Just kidding. I enjoy every minute of my weekend.  I guess I'll have to get ready for the dreaded.. '5 minutes' of research Sunday night. But somebody has to do it.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Sorry I havent posted much lately but had a friend who suffered a stroke and been trying to help him get to the Consulate so they could facilitate his exit back to the USA. Finally back and love all the comments and guys sharing their back grounds in trading. These really enrich the trading experience. It is so nice that I can just sit back and watch other guys teach and watching others learn. Posting questions and suggestions. I really appreciate all the help and postive suggestions. Now that guys are using the system people are seeing that it can work, just takes time to process and learn. Well back to doing lesson plans. Once again thanks for all the help with using the system along with your experiences. Each person contributes and that helps me also.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
So you actually use the Auto EA and the Manual both?  When do you use the Auto EA?

And you mentioned before about looking at the H4 but trading on the H1.  What do you look for in H4?

tx

--- 帖子 #953 ---
I'm using both to decide which I like better. The auto one doesn't shut off after a trade is complete, which could be good or bad. The 15-3 MPTM could kick in, get you out on the SL for 3 pips and then get you back in. However, if it gets you back in and it doesn't continue in your direction you could go into negative territory. However, the manual EA will shut itself off after a trade is complete. I've used both and had success with both.

NB mentioned that on the H4 he looks for the price to go above or below both MAs. That's a good sign that the trend is in that direction. It helps to confirm my decisions. If price isn't above or below both MAs then I'm more hesitant, but it helps a lot. It gives me the 'Bigger' picture even though I'm getting pretty much the same information on the H1.

This system by far is the best I've worked. It has been the most consistant with profit. I've been around the block a few times and getting beat up by the bullies on the block doesn't feel good.. LOL.. Meaning, getting burned by all the other systems out there. I expect the success to continue, but we'll see. Still testing and lovin the '5 minutes' of hard work & research it takes for this system to work.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
I found some code while working on my personlized EA that only allows 1 trade per bar, which might be helpful if you see that happening.  Not sure if Steve's has that protection.  When I first started using it a month or 2 ago, I had an issue where it would close the trade and reopen another and close and reopen multiple times because the spread on some currencies would allow the Bid and Ask to be above and below the triggers at the same time.  I'll check and then maybe add it as an option as well as auto lot sizing.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hey, would you mind posting a quick note here tonight after you look at the charts, and say which ones you're watching?  Just to see if I'm seeing the same things.  tx

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Sure.. I'll be looking around 9 or 10 pm my time. As of this posting my time is 1:50 pm. That would be great to see if we're seeing the same things. And check how the EAs are doing. If you're working on one I'd love to try it on real time. I'm liking Steve's work, but I'm open to others.

--- 帖子 #957 ---
this is what Steve H's indicator is showing, most of the 6 I am watching are out of position due the big swing at the close Friday..........

--- 帖子 #958 ---
SandFx,thx very much for NB V1 set files

NanningBob , really happy to see you back ( I feel more safe when Daddy at home  )

I wish I could trade this Gap !!!!!!!!!!!

http://img694.imageshack.us/img694/2654/eurusdgap.gif

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Hey, SandFX.  I used the Manual EA from Steve and got into a NZDUSD trade earlier and was up 30 pips but the SL never moved and when I checked back later I was down -3 pips!  So I closed the trade manually and it immediately opened a new trade, which I didn't think it was supposed to do.  I thought I had all the settings right.  Maybe I'll just have to combine the parts I want to keep into an EA I understand, you know, simpler.

About the part "criminal = true" is to handle ECN brokers and I remember Steve saying that IBFX was an ECN but didn't admit it, which is why that works for you.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
You might want to check that Criminals setting. I had trouble with that as well till I found out I needed it set to 'true'. Before then it was acting funny like that and wouldn't set a SL properly. After I set it, it worked fine.

I have learned to never trade at the opening of the markets. Whoa! Quite a few of them opened with gaps. Gaps nearly always get filled, but not necessarily. Wow..  I'm scaring myself talking like I'm an expert or something. I'm not. Just going off experience. The Tokyo market is open here where I'm at on Sunday night. I just enjoy my evening and wait till later to find out about how the markets made everyone's jaws drop.

Now that it's around 9:30 pm my time and I'm getting ready for bed, I'm just beginning to look at things. Wow..  quite a few gaps indeed. And the calendar show every JPY market at red and 'Pending'. Guess they are going through a lot over there. I don't know how that affected the actual Tokyo floor.. and the building that holds all the traders.

I took my '5 minutes' and looked at all 22 markets and only found 2 that I got into and 1 that I set the EA on and maybe it will get me in while I'm asleep.

I entered AUD/USD. I entered myself on that one and letting the EA manage it for a short. It's still in a good position on this side of the TMA. The H4 shows price just coming out of both MAs for a good spot..

I also entered NZD/USD on my own because it already happened earlier and is still in a good spot. I don't like the H4 too much.. too close the the lower MA. But what the heck..

The other one is EUR/CHF. I set the EA on that one and just waiting. The H1 is in a good position. I like it. So this is one I had to 'Hurry up and WAIT!'

Anyway..   I'm getting up at 5 am my time to check things out and see how they did.. We'll see. Maybe more to get into in the morning. I think I'm gonna wait on the JPY markets till I know more.. but thats a situation that fortunes are made on...   sometime...   at least that's what the 'experts' want you to think.

Night...   Sleep Tight.. and don't let the bed bugs bite!! or rather your nightmares

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Hope you are willing to share your EA. Sounds like you are doing a lot of work on it. Maybe some input from others would be good for development.

Anyway.. have a good night, Eric

--- 帖子 #962 ---
SandFX

I don't like EURCHF setup

MovingAverages are "mixed up" ,just like spaghetti

I know sometimes great moves start like this,and I like spaghetti,but NOT in the Forex

that's  my 2 cents anyway..

http://img638.imageshack.us/img638/5808/spaghetti.gif

--- 帖子 #963 ---
EURCHF has already move..what about GU?

--- 帖子 #964 ---
That's what I was thinking at first..  I don't like it because it's so close to the 240, but it has just crossed down and the H4 is in a great position. Just my 2 cents. I'm lovin this

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Hey Sand, I just looked at my trade history and the NZDUSD actually DID stop me out at 3 pips but then it reentered which it shouldn't for the manual EA.

Yes, I will gladly share my EA enhancements as soon as I'm sure I know what I'm doing here first.  I'm trying to make sure I catch the setups when they happen, usually when you and I are sleeping, unless you can spot it before then.  If Steve's EA handles the trades and entries ok, I may just thin it down and add my bit.  I just don't want it opening a new losing trade after a 3pip BE.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Hey, Eric

I seem to be liking the 'auto' EA more than the manual one. So, I started a new demo to just test the auto EA from Steve H. I like the results so far..

A little over 112 pips with no losses!!  Now that's some treasure

Some explanation.. I don't want to bore anyone..

AUD/USD: The auto EA first got me in.. went to at least 15 pips and kicked in the MPTM... WONDERFUL.. but it didn't pull back very far. Then it got me back in for a very good profit that I actually took myself out with. Those darn emotions get to me when I open the charts and see all the excitement. I should have just stayed in, but.. you know how emotions go. The H4 was looking good as it was below both MAs, so I took it

More coming up below..

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Here's the NZD/USD:

When I looked at it last night the entry had already happened. It was still in a good position, and the H4 was below both MAs, so I got in myself and let the auto EA manage it while I slept.

Turned out it got me out with 3 pips profit.. a little bummed about that when I woke up but I left the EA on. During the day while I was at work  it got me back in and went to the TP. Horay for TP  (ok.. no laughs on that one, I guess)

More...

--- 帖子 #968 ---
EUR/CHF:

Wouldn't you know it.. As soon as I got in, the darn traders rallied the market against me. THEY KNEW I GOT IN AND PURPOSEFULLY TRIED TO SCARE ME!! But they didn't know I was using a good EA.

I got myself in this one because it had already past the entry. Swissforex had mentioned that he didn't like this one because it looked like spaghetti with the MAs. I thought maybe it was too close to the 240 for comfort, but if you look at the H4 it was below both MAs. I took a chance because of the H4. It turned out pretty good.

I took '5 minutes' again already to look at all 22 markets and didn't find anything good yet. But it's not my time for bed. I'll look at them again before I head off to dreamland. I guess I'll have to take another '5 minutes' and study real hard.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Yeah, I'll try the Auto EA because the code looks ok for the manual trader but it doesn't shut down, for me anyway.  I had the same thing happen today.

Do you consider the TMA Trend indicator (TMACD) when making your decisions?  I guess if you use the auto EA it doesn't matter because it doesn't consider that, specifically.

I had written one EA that required the price to break the low TMA with TMA in an up angle because it looked good even in recent history.  After I started testing I got nearly Zero trades because it almost never sets up that way.

Hope to get this right soon.  I'm home sick for San Diego!

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Yes.. I do consider the TMACD or rather the TMA Angle. It's helps me to see if the TMA is going towards the 240. Possible retrace. Also it helps when I have to make some manual entries because the price has already past the entry point. If price is still in a good position, I'll consider the TMA Angle.

The other indi I look at when I have to decide to get in manually is the MACD/Stoch indi on the H4. The stochastics on that indi really help me to make a decision on my own. When both are above the 90 or below the 10 its a good sign that price will be coming back

--- 帖子 #971 ---
I took my '5 minutes' this morning to do my intense research..  and really only found one that's in a good position. EUR/USD. Price is on the bottom of the TMA & 5 MA has moved below the middle of the TMA. I've set the 'auto' EA and letting it roll.

I'm off today, so I'll have a better chance to check on things. I better not let my emotions get the better of me. Girls do really good job at that with me.

Have a good day!

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Woo Hoo!  My first winning trade in a while!  I took the EurGbp last night with the auto EA and got a nice trade that hit the opposite TMA.  Exactly how Bob described the system and how my first EA would have traded except price never broke the lower TMA.  May have to look at "close (near)" instead.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Nice Job!!  Now that's what I'm talkin about.   Looks like it was a good trade. Too bad I missed it.

I just looked at that chart. I didn't have that one on my repitwa (however you spell that). Now it's added. So, that makes 23 markets I'm looking at. Thanks, Eric.. you just added to the amount of work I have to do now. what a guy

--- 帖子 #974 ---
I took this one earlier today..Is this valid setup? cross over near the TMA center line.. R:R is 1.5:1..  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Yep!!  Very good trade and follows all NB's rules. My EA got me in on that one. Got me out with 3 pips when it pulled back. I waited for it to get me in again maybe. It never did so I got in manually and rolled out a 32 pip profit all managed by the EA.

Very nice, jezzzwan.

Do you have something that calculates the Risk/Reward ratio? or did you figure that yourself?

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Well.. I've done my afternoon '5 minutes' of research. Nothing yet that I can tell.

GBP/CAD seems to be changing direction and crossing the 240 at some point..  maybe..  who can tell. It's been creeping up to the 240 for ages.

The CHF/JPY seems to be snaking along the 240.. too close for comfort for me for now.

USD/CAD just changed direction and crossed the 240 going long today. Maybe setting up soon.

Those are the ones I'm looking at today. I'll check them later tonight before sack time.

So far for the week: 147 pips on the Auto EA. Not bad for it just being Tuesday afternoon. I'm Lovin It

--- 帖子 #977 ---
I can't say how he did it.  But after the trade, the R:R is simply NetPips/Stop.  It's definitely worth tracking.  At the same time, it's probably also worth tracking what the deepest drawdown was on winning trades, and also how much you might have gotten on those trades with a different exit strategy.

The NB rules are great for entrances, but leave much to judgment and experience on the exits.  It's perfectly possible that two traders could use this system identically when it comes to entering trading, and that one is very successful while the other loses money hand over fist.  And I believe with this system in particular, that its possible that the loser would have a higher winning percentage on his trades.

--- 帖子 #978 ---
I've been watching you posts for a while, Duffy. I need to track the drawdown on my trades. And knowing the Risk to Reward ratio before the trade is also helpful and can help you make your decision.

My success on using this system and the EA is just what it is. I'm showing whats happening and its been great so far. I'll continue to show my results with wins & losses. With all my years of trading I have never had this much consistency in profits. I am so grateful to NB for sharing all his hard work. I agree with you.. the winning percentage is greater with this system.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
The point about the drawdown is that you might find you can sacrifice some of your winning percentage by tightening your stops, and still come out with a more profitable system.  But it will take time and observation to know that.

Also, if you are using any kind of move to Break Even, or anything else to cover your trades and lock in profit, then it's basically impossible to know what your risk/reward ratio is beforehand.  There are too many possibilities to cover that.  But it's definitely something to track over time as well.

For example, if you are using a Break Even point, then it would definitely be worth knowing whether, on balance, hitting break even tends to save you from getting completely stopped out, or whether it cuts off your profits on a minor pullback.

I've been enjoying your posts.  Your 5 minutes per sitting routine has re-inspired me to look into this method.  My testing showed it to be pretty robust.  Then I got hung up on some execution details, and that derailed me for a while.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Well.. the point that NB made about the money management really hit home with me. If you stick to the amount that he specified, for me at least the system becomes a long term one. In the past when I found myself getting greedy is when I did the worst. This system has me on the right track.

Still testing and still finding out what it's capable of doing...

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Well, I know it may be getting old, but here I go again...

I did the '5 minute' research thing tonight..  and nothing new from earlier. So, for now I'm not in any trades. I think everyone around the world is doing that on purpose just to keep me from making money.

I'll be up in the morning for some more research.. cause somebody has to do it

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Personally, I think Bob's money management ideas are hyper-conservative.  They are probably a good starting point.  Unlike his counter-trend system, there is no recovery here, and the downside risk is very well defined.  From a management perspective, the key danger with this system lies in taking a bunch of related trades at once.

You can protect against that by limiting the number of times you trade the same currency at once, and also by limiting your overall risk.  For me, that would mean not getting into more than two trades at once involving the same currency, and never risking more than a certain % of the account at any time.

Overall I agree, especially at the beginning.  There is simply no point in blowing much money while still testing the merits of a system.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Guys, I also been having the same problem on the manual EA re-opening trades after closing the previous one. I am now using 0.5 of the swing as SL and TP with TMA line on the auto trader. Will report on the progress.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Yeah, I know what you mean.  I had someone convert the TMA to use it in Forex Tester so I can test back data in real time, and I still keep getting confused and frustrated.  Like, if the 5ma crosses above TMA mid just as price is crossing down, do I take the trade?  Or does it matter which direction the TMA is heading as in the TMA Trend indicator?  Sometimes it seems more profitable trades happen when TMA is heading back toward the 240.  Or in the case of a BE, what if the next bar price is still above mid TMA but below 5ma, do I re-enter?

I have an EA I coded that requires prices to break the low TMA and then cross over the 5ma below the mid TMA within 2 bars and have TMA pointing up (for buy).  I used it on the H4 for 2 weeks and got zero trades.  Just now I went back and modified it for the H1; maybe that will be better.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
On your questions, I think I would look at the bigger picture and use my judgment.  That wasn't really what was holding me back.

Instead, I hesitated mostly because you can't know how big your stop loss will be when you put on the EA.  I ultimately want position sizes to be a percentage of my account.  There was no way to figure that, and I got hung up on the difficulty.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
I'm off to work..

I've set my EA on EUR/NZD and NZD/USD. Let's see what happens.

Good luck everyone..

--- 帖子 #987 ---
possible setups today..

eurnzd, eurusd, eurgbp, nzdusd. i dont like eurusd coz looks like it forming a double top.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
I remoted to home from work.. (shhh, my boss is in the next room) . I saw your post, jezzzwan, and agree with you on EUR/USD. To me it looks good for a possible set up, but that double top is something not to be ignored. Plus the Stoch/MACD on the H4.. the stochs are over the 90 and getting ready to come down. Not a good sign for a continued long. Good point.

The EUR/GBP I don't believe is ready. On H1 the 5MA is on the opposite side of the middle of the TMA. And if you look at the H4 the stochs have been coming down. Maybe a little later. I was thinking of setting it on the EA, but price has already crossed the middle of TMA and getting close to the 5MA on the wrong side. Maybe later it will retrace back down for a possible relook.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Actually, the good news is, there is a way.  With Steve's EA the actual stop is a trader-defined number of pips above/below the recent swing high/low using fractals.  My method, unless I learn to understand fractals and trust it, is to use the highest high/lowest low of the last N bars (I'm using 10) +/- a number of pips, which is usually the same, and if it's further away, I probably don't want the trade.  I found some code for percentage and modified the way it functions to allow either a percentage of either actual balance, or a trader-defined balance.  Why would I use the latter?  Because in my case I don't keep all of my trading funds in my account because I don't trust them, so I base my percentage on my total funds, both in the trading account and my savings.  As long as I have the margin it works fine.  I do this because a suggestion I read early in my Forex adventure recommended this because if you hit a run of losses you have to take the extra time and thought before adding more funds to your trading account.

I'm still tweaking the EA and currently it's not modified for an ECN broker but I will gladly share it when it's a little more refined.

Duffy or Sand or anyone else using Steve's EA: he has the auto EA set to look for a trade if price gets within 10 pips of the upper/lower TMA, however with an ATR range of 13 to 49 for different pairs, I'm thinking of using a percentage, maybe 1/3.  Any suggestions with justification would be welcome.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
I like the idea of 1/3.. I've seen some good moves happen when price hasn't gone down or up to the TMA upper/lower. But then again testing would prove this out.

I've been letting the SL user defined points be default for now. I need to look at drawdown more and see how that's been affecting my account. But again, I'm using the MM that NB set. It's been good, but what about when there's many trades going bad at one time. Something to think about

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Hey, makemillions:

check the settings for the Criminals.. if you are on a 5 digit broker that needs to be set to 'true'. I'm on IBFX and have it set to true. The EA will not work correctly if that isn't set right.

But for right now I'm exclusively using the auto EA to see how that works out. So far so good.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
I haven't looked at Steve's EA in a while.  He started to code something that calculated lot sizes based on stop setting and percentage of account balance.  But then he abandoned it.  Are you saying that that functionality is now in Steve's EA?  Or is it just something that you have built into the EA you are working on?  (Yeah, maybe I should just check out his thread again and see if its there.)

--- 帖子 #993 ---
As far as I know he never coded it.  The options I use can easily be incorporated into Steve's EA and I may do that if mine doesn't give me the results I want.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Did you all stop trading during that japan crisis?

Or do you see some opportunities out of that.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
I've been trading all along. I tended to avoid the JPY markets because of the quake, but things might be getting better. The past couple of days not a lot has been in a good setup according to this system.

I'd like to know why my EA didn't get me into ether trade of EUR/NZD or NZD/USD. I seemed to have missed out on around 157 pips..  mmm

Another one that wasn't good this morning so I didn't even consider setting the EA for was EUR/GBP. A little over 5 hours ago the 5MA moved down crossing the middle TMA. That's about when I was in my meetings.. I really hate meetings..  but that's something else my boss shouldn't know. LOL.

Any way.. at least I'm not out any money for today, so that's good.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Duffy,you gave so much to NB threads and now it's time to give you back something good

this is a piece of cake,an EA that calculates lots size accordingly to your risk %

simply move your stop line and you'll see

it's perfect

I'd like to send this to SteveHopwood but I ain't got any VOUCHER

maybe Steve will allow me to post in his threads if you send this EA for me

--- 帖子 #997 ---
yes

and my EA was sleeping here...USDCAD , perfect setup = NO TRADE

http://img196.imageshack.us/img196/7...easleeping.gif

--- 帖子 #998 ---
EURUSD trade touched 5MA on a buy and then reversed, stopping me out.  SandFX, I am using your set file.  Is it better to have the TMA set to True on this instead of false?  I just set up all charts my broker offers on demo, and I've got 2 trades already going south...

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Well, mine wasn't sleeping.. it was working, but at the beginning of the set up it wasn't quite right. The 5MA was right in the center or something like that and the trades weren't taken. I agree.. a little frustrating. I need to dig in and figure out why

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Yep..  It's definitely not asleep. The auto EA just got me into EUR/USD going long. Still looking at the reasons why it didn't get me in the others.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Thanks Sandfx, yes I am on IBFX also and had set the criminal to true, I just do not know why sometimes the manual trader opens trade even when suspended. I am on the auto trader now.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
BTW anyone traded the yen and swiss pairs yesterday? nasty 300 pip candles on UJ, GJ, UC, EJ etc which I think auto trader would had caught. What a roller coaster ride.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
I think only 1 would have made profit but none would have caught the whole 300.  With this system you have to accept smaller, hopefully consistent profits, not home runs.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Yes very true especially in these turbulent times for forex

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
The EUR/USD trade worked out well for me while I slept.  78 pips on that. makes the total for the week 190. Could have been 366 if those 2 trades had kicked in.

I've set my EA on GBP/USD and USD/CAD. Lets see how this works out. I may end up adjusting the MPTM settings.

Have a good day. Off to my JOB

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
My understanding of the TMA True is that it works well with backtesting, but not well with actual trading. I tried the TMA True for a short while and wasn't liking the results, so I switched to the TMA. I noticed that when I was using the True I wouoldn't be in any trades for quite a while, but the very same markets would have me in if I was using the TMA. Try it both ways and see how it works.

I'm thinking of changing the settings on the MPTM on Steve's Auto EA to 25-3. I've had quite a few markets stop me out on the SL with 3 pips profit and loose out on large amounts of pips. I love that I haven't gotten stopped out with neg.. but with the MM I can withstand a pull back for a while. None of those trades were substancial pullbacks. I could have stayed in and got the rest of the profit. But positive pips are better than negative pips.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
The reading for the bands and the centerline should be the same for both TMA and TMA True at the close of any individual bar in real time.  The TMA True keeps the lines in place as the chart moves forward in time.  The TMA indicator smooths them out.

There are a couple of ways that this difference could have an impact on trading.  If you make a decision to get into the trade before price crosses the bands, then that decision could be different, because the shape of the bands differ.  Also, if you are making a judgment on the relation of the 5 to the center band, then that too might vary.  I would think that the differences should be pretty minor.  The best way to check, I think, would be to put the other one on when you decide to get into a trade, and see if it would make any difference.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Hi SandFX!

I am having some settings problems I hope you can help me with.

The auto EA entered the very same EURUSD trade that you made 78 pips on, but I only closed out with 1.7 pips. The EA entered at 1.40034, and the TP, colored green, was 1.40051.  With my 5 digit crim, how do I rectify this? Do I add a "0" on to each number that I enter in the settings?

From reading the thread, I can see that this system has significant potential, however, if you don't have the right settings, you get the results I am getting... 1.7 pips is nice, but I like 78 pips a lot better!

I decided that maybe I needed to do the manual trading with NB's EAs instead to see if maybe those will work better. I entered the same 2 trades that you did this morning, so we'll see what happens with those.

I am determined to make this work!

PS:  I am on demo.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Also note that Steve's EA uses LWMA, not TMA for the calculation so it doesn't matter which one you're using unless you're entering trades manually.

My soapbox here: lose, losing, and loser(s) only have one 'o', not 2.  Maybe we should just focus on the winners

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Steve's EA is quite complicated and usually he covers the different digit brokers but you may have to add the '0' for that.  I just checked his EA and it should correct for 5 or 6 digit brokers.  Not sure why your stop is wrong.  NB's also make the correction.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Just reloaded all my charts again, taking off the TMA True and TMA template, and just using the TMA along with the 1.0 Trend template.  Hopefully this will make some kind of difference.

Loaded one MT4 with the NB's manual ea, and another with Steve's ea...   I missed some trades yesterday that I thought Steve's ea should have taken, so we'll see what happens.  I'll post my results tomorrow afternoon.

I just checked the USACAD, and I'm sure, SandFX, that you'll be happy with your pip results!  Since I reloaded my charts, I took off all of the trades.

Eric, I forgot about Steve's LWMA instead of the TMA, thanks for reminding me...

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
I posted the beginning of a hedge strategy in case your interested. Pg. 264 of my 5.0 system. If you hedged some trades to get out of trouble for now you maybe interested about when to get out and undo the hedge.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
I'm still testing but realize that the TMA is 2ATR so 1/3 ATR is only 1/6 the distance.  It seems maybe 1/2 ATR or 1/3 of the 2ATR (67%ATR) might be better because price rarely gets that close to the TMA in real time.  (sorry for the math class.)  Obviously, I'm trying to automate it and maybe that's why Steve's EA didn't trigger for you because it was more than 10 pips from price to TMA outer.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
On this same note, I'm thinking about using a percentage for the BE not a fixed amount since so many pairs have different ranges.  Let me know what you think.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Hey, Eric:

I'm glad to know you and duffy and Swissforex and everyone else are here with good brains to help us out. I guess you have to go into the code to set that ATR. I couldn't find any setting for it on the GUI. I'll look harder.

I decided to try moving the MPTM to 25-3..  mmm...  The EA got me in on GBP/USD.. went to 24.8 and then retraced..  I HAVE A LOSS!!!    I also moved the SL to give some more room, but that didn't help any ether..  LOL. -51.3. I guess that .2 of a pip was just too much for those SL hunters...  ON THE DEMO SERVER EVEN ..  LOL   I just find it so funny I was trying to give some room for profit and it misses the mark by that much. I should do some more testing on it, but maybe I'll just go back to the 15-3.

Anyway.. I set the USD/CAD with the EA hoping that some time while I was away that the proper setup would happen. It never did. Looking for long on that one because the TMA is above the 240. Would have been a nice counter trend though.

I'm liking the setups that are happening now. I have my EA set on 14 markets right now. I'm still seeing how the 25-3 will work out. Not sure if that's a good move or not. We'll see

Night--

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Sorry, guys..  just finished watching Star Trek with my son. I know, I'm wierd, but I really liked that last movie. Trading like this kinda, with this system, makes me think of how Kirk beat the Kobayashi Maru test.  .. Illogical

Raindrops.. I'm interested in seeing your results tomorrow. Hope it all goes well.

Good Trading

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Using percentages..  mmm..  I think that would be interesting to see. Would you have a different percentage per market and therefore a different .set file for each market? Since, like you said so many pairs have different ranges. It just might help in getting in the markets that are missing right now.

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Not different .set files, just another option whether to use fixed BE or percent like my equity options shown below.

WOW! Are the markets crazy or what? I get up this morning and nearly every market is set up. As it goes, I got into 2 BEs and 1 loss with 2 losing trades on now and the trades that would be profitable, I'm not in.

I know one trader who doesn't even trade on Fridays...

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Then now you know another one,

A Dutch banker once told me that on Fridays his traders are not allowed to take on any new positions. Experience has taught him that profits made during the week are very often given back on Fridays.

Who am I to correct one of the Big Boys?

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hi all,

I want to add my two cents worth to this excellent thread, that I just

happened upon some days ago. I really like what NB, and Steve, have come

up with here.

I've added a modified bands indi to the chart, to signal when short term bands

start to expand, indicating distribution on the move. In this case 16 period / 1.25 std. dev. When it comes on, I check for confluence with 4h chart, and if

there is, I trade . Input 1 instead of 2 in "Signal" option, and you have a place to put your stop as well.

Have a great weekend guys!

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Hi there

log off from my Platform all the day

I'll restart testing Ea on Monday

3 comments:

1-I'm with you SandFx,I'll change the settings on the MPTM on Steve's Auto EA to 25-3.I noticed too many homeruns closed too much early..And  I'm thinkin' about Duffy backtests, cut the losses and let the winners run for this NB TrendTrading system

2-
this could be a suggestion for Steve,maybe a stealth code is needed?I know Steve will HATE me for this

3-
No comment about it,you are my brother SandFx.

ok,that's enough

cya on Monday,have a nice weekend

Maybe  we could ask Lieutenant Commander Data  to trade our Accounts

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
This is an easy theory to prove or disprove. Just check the weekly charts and if you see lots of tails from sell offs on Fridays then you know it is true. If the candle remains full bodied then it is not. You can check this out for yourself. Good point. I usually like to finish my positions off on Fridays if I can but I basically dont enter any more trades after the USA open on Fridays.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
That is amazing bob, are you now trading the H4 exclusively live?

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Yeah I am a 4H guy. It fits my schedule perfectly at 8 am I can set my trades before  going to school. At 12 I am at lunch. At 4 school is out and I can check my trades. At 8 I am done eating and relaxing for the evening most nights and if I stay up late I can catch the 12 midnight candle. It just fits my schedule perfectly.  I can set my EAs every 4H and walk away and know I can be there 4 hours later to check on them. I use the MPTM to protect my trades also.

I like the 1H but I was missing too many trades and TP because I am not around the computer enough to trade the 1H candles. Funny I would develop a system and then not use it much. I do refer to it some but its every 4 or 8 hours.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
I used the MPTM set at 15 +3 for four weeks straight on a demo account. I used a 4H chart and did trades as they crossed the 8MA smoothed and 60 MA smoothed. There were around 120 trades taken. 90% closed for profit. 2/3 of them were the +3 of the MPTM. 1/3 were for more than 20 pips with the largest being over 200. All negative trades, 12 of them, I used a 2nd level and broke back to even by recrossing the 8 or 60 MA. I dropped the JPY pairs after the earthquake because I knew the would skew my results. I still have 8 open trades running in the negative, only 1 has a 2nd level. So testing the 15+3 MPTM resulted in 2/3 of the trades being closed at +3. Tradeing one or two pennies on a 3000 dollar demo account resulted in almost a 1% increase of the account. If I had traded dimes it would have been closer to 10%. Draw down was very light since many of the trades were not allowed to go into the negative. That is my test of MPTM 15+3. Little DD but also many potential profitable trades closed too early. Choose your poison.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Thanks for the test results that is fantastic results, when you said 2nd level for the negative trade are you talking about recovery trade? I search through the posts and could not find what it meant.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
The recovery trade is taught in my 5.0 countertrade system. I posted these results in both threads.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
NB.. I love your system. In all my years of trading I have never experienced such consistent positive results. I am so thankful that you have shared all your hard research and testing with us. I've decided that I'm gonna trade the H1 and H4 to compare the two. Your results have really inspired me and I'm putting forth a great effort on this system. You have re-invigorated me and I'm not letting this pass.

I've been enjoying my weekend a lot!! I am sad there's no trading right now, but it will be here soon enough. I'll let everyone know how my trades went from yesterday when I get back into town. Hope everyone did well

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Hi

just read this important Post from DailyMarkets.com

It's a good advice,I'll post it here for you and on 2 other threads

sorry for posting the same advice on 3 different threads,I will not do this anymore,but I wanna just keep all my friends updated.

The next week will be  tricky !!

so be prudent=

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Here are the results from my trading after I set up NB's Manual system, and using it with the MPTM 15+2, using a jump stop loss of +20:

Currency / # Pips:

AUSJPY +20

EURCAD +2

GBPUSD +2

GPBCHF +20

USDCAD +2

GBPAUD +2

GBPCHF +2

AUDCHF +2

USDJPY +2.2

NZDJPY +2

AUDJYN +2

CHFJPY +2

GPBCAD +2

2 of my trades were still open at the close of the market on Friday, NZDJPY and GBPAUD.

SandFX, I thought we both would have made money on the USDCAD, but I see later that it got stopped out, and we only made 2 pips... I like the idea of changing the BEP to 25 (my husband suggested that, too), and I'll test with you and the others and report my results. That would have been a nice 56 pip trade if it had closed at the red TMA.

What are people using for a stop loss, if anything?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
WOW, Raindrops!!..  Nice job. You did better then me. I was in another market that did neg, but I came out positive overall. Just about 20 pips less then you.

One trade hit me hard but after looking at the H1 and the H4 I can see it was just the risk you take when trading. At 7:00 on the H1 price crossed the 5MA on the correct side of the TMA and the EA took me out at the TP on the other side of the TMA for a nice 68 pip profit. BEAUTIFUL!!   BUT....    later when price retraced back and then crossed down over the 5MA again, it got me in and then didn't go in my direction. The EA got me out at my SL for a neg -74 pips.   Well, when I look at the H4 price did the same thing. If I had been using the EA for the H4 it would have put me in the market going short as well, but later on that same bar it crossed both MAs going long. Interesting...   Maybe I should have been looking at how close price was to the 240... AND HOW PRICE AND TMA WAS MOVING TOWARDS THE 240!!..   That's one of the STUPID MISTAKES..   I guess I'll learn someday. I still need to determine how close is too close.

Also... I have six trades still open from Friday. One is neg for -23 pips. The rest are all positive for a +159 pips.   Now, I can't wait for the usual big, huge gaps that usually happen at the opening of the markets!!  Hope those still stay positive.

Well...   I'm gonna go do some Yoga to calm my mind and get ready for tonight. There's a lot of concentration to do..   A WHOLE 5 MINUTES WORTH!!!   I need to be ready for it.

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
NB:

Figuring out your Stoch/MACD on your H4 chart. How would you rate this, Long or Short or hold. Should you wait for the the stoch lines and the MACD line to be above the 90 before considering a trade? The 8MA is below the 60MA, so I know I'm looking for shorts, but that darn MACD is confusing me...

I can tell from hours before that it was in an optimal position with the Stoch lines below the 10 and the MACD close to the 10, but that would be a counter trend. Just wondering how you would treat this current configuration?

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Well, I've done my research...  6 minutes this time..  I know.. I'm a little disappointed too . Looking at the H4 a little more intently.

I've set the auto EA on CAD/JPY, EUR/AUD, EUR/NZD, GBP/CHF, GBP/NZD

I'll post my results in the morning...  good or bad. I've increased the MPTM to 25-3. Trying to see if that's a good idea or not. So, Raindrop..  let me know how you fair as well..

I'm off to dreamland..

Nite, Good luck with the trades

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
If you increase your risk you should increase your reward. I would put a +10 or +15 tp to help make up for the increased risk.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Here are the results of the Sunday night trades using MPTM 20BE +5BEP, JSL 25, NB's EA on 1HR TF:

AUSJPY -6

GBPJPY +5

NZDJPY -2.4

AUSCHF -29.5

EURNZD -31

EURJPY +4.1

EURGPB -2.8

GPBNZD -107

GBPCAD +5

EURCAD +70

AUSNZD 0

EURUSD -33

Total  -135.6 pips

I'll wait to see results from others...

SandFX - are you using NB's EA or Steve Hopwood's EA? Or both?

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Hi Raindrops - thanks for sharing. But I have a small favor to ask - would you mind noting whether your entries were L or S in the future? Just looking at your first three trades ... A/J, G/J, and N/J, I couldn't determine whether you were taking counter trend shorts, or very questionable longs, per the methods.

Thanks, and please take no offense - I'm just trying to benefit from the efforts of others

Regards ... meph

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Looks like you got a few good entries.  I told you I am using a percent of the ATR for entry trigger and I think I'll do the same for the BE, such as, 1/2 the ATR which varies between 15 and 30 something for most pairs except the EurGbp would be 7!  And maybe 1/5 of that for the profit, that is, 15/3, 25/5, 30/6, like that.  I just think it makes more sense.  And I'm going to have to allow for converging TMA since I didn't get any of your trades today with my EA.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Raindrops..

I'm using Steve's EA (auto). I was gonna set up my other computer to use NBs H4 EA but I don't have that working yet.

Internet has been down at my work all morning till just now. So, I remoted to home and found the EA had put me in EUR/AUD long.. I'm at 16 pips profit right now. It also put me into CAD/JPY and it's at 3 pips profit now.

We'll see how it turns out..

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Ok

not a  good trading day for NB V1 trend

But as I said in my previous post, I would not take this week results seriously.

Market is driven by sentiment <>fundamentals in this period,and it is absolutely unpredictable

In this period would be better to stop the EA,and trade manually only the perfect setups.

I closed all Jpy pairs ,but I forgot to remove  EA from GBPJPY chart

WARNING FOR THE NEWBIES: DO NOT JUDGE NB V1EA FROM THIS RESULT

My trades are for testing purposes for this week

DEMO Results:

http://img543.imageshack.us/img543/8638/snapshot.gif

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
I think I would have to agree with you Swissforex. And take a look at this. I've never had this happen on an EA..

But, I need to seriously double think about this week and even the changes to the MPTM that I made. I may be switching back to the 15-3.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
I haven't tested any of the MPTM settings, so my opinion is probably not worth very much.  But I will say this:  in every variation I tested, the natural impulse turned out to be wrong.  The natural impulse is to widen stops, and to lock in profits early.  Each of the tests that I ran on this system showed that those steps had the effect of increasing your winning percentage while hurting your profitability.

Lets say you use 15 - 3.  This means that when you move to break even, you are leaving yourself only a 12 pip cushion.  From the results I've seen, it looks like the initial stops are way beyond this.  I think this amounts to choking off the trade.  You will end up with lots of break even trades, some small winners, and those will get quickly eaten up by a few losers.  You need a very high winning percentage to deal with that.  If that's what you have in mind, then why not go with a 15 pip stop loss from the outset?

This system has really big potential.  But it's also perfectly possible for two people to hit exactly the same entries and for only one of them to be profitable.  And as I've said before, the one who is profitable will also likely be the one with the smaller winning percentage.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Sorry, but can anyone direct me to the page or posts of how to use the 4h time frame? I am a noob. Sorry

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
You have convinced me, Duffy. My greed has gotten the best of me as usual. I need someone else to point this out to me and you have done that. I was beginning to wonder when my winning streaks were less and less.

So, Thanks for kicking me in the butt... I needed that

Like I said before.. It's hard to add to perfection.

I believe there is a way to have the auto EA stop trading after a trade has been completed. So, basically, I'm going back to my original .set file and just working on the one problem.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Here you go, chick3n420

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=670

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Hi SandFX,

I just follow this thread recently and it seems like this strategy is simple to understand and follow. Your posts help me learn a lot and thank for that.

I have the same thinking about Break even in MPTM, however, if you don't like the 15-3 default, you can always change it to other number that you like. I may prefer 30, or 35-3... and it may depend on your desired PT.

I still have much to learn from you guys here, so let keep this thread opened for everyone.

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Also, keep in mind that there are two ways to cover a trade.  You can either move the stop to breakeven, or you can leave the stop in place and close enough of the position so you hit breakeven even if you go all the way back to the stop.

The only way to know what option will be the best in the long run is by testing.  My big problem with the trade manager is that it seems totally arbitrary.  Why 15, or 25, or 30 pips, or any number picked out of thin air?  Instead,  it makes sense to me to try to identify levels of support or resistance, and change your position as those get broken.  Even if this does worse in the short run, there is at least a chance that you will find better spots over time and improve your trading.

I'll get off my soapbox now.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
The MPTM has a specific purpose for certain traders. A trader who is not home when an EA　makes a trade can have one set his SL, TP, TS etc. In counter trend trading it sets a small TP for trades that move just a little and continue on a trend against you. However, in trend trading the MPTM probably will take you out of more profitable trades than it would in protecting you from letting a winner turning into a loser.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Something else to consider and might help your profitability would be to close a percentage of your position at a set pip level.

Example:

- 2% Risk per trade

- SL and TP set at 20 pips

- Set SL to BE+1 pip when 10 pips in profit and close 50% of you trade.

- Now your risking 1% and you have locked in some profits if trade goes back to BE.

- If you hit TP the remaining position is closed.

R:R = 1/0.75

Another thing to consider would be to use a trailing stop as a percentage of profit after break even (10 pips) and have your TP set to NULL.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Hi NB, I have question about MPTM that I hope you can help me with.

When we use MPTM with break even 15+3, do we need to activate the trailing stop function of the MPTM?

For example, after the market is in profit >15 pips, SL will move into break even +3 pips. What about when the market is in profit of >30 pips, or 40 pips?

Thank.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Just got home and brought up the trades...   Can't complain. Could have had losses, but I think the settings are working. I guess the Yoga calmed my mind so I can concentrate on my '6 minutes' of grueling research and contemplation.   Thanks for the advice, guys. It's really helped. Maybe now I can cut my time back down to 5 minutes.

Well..  I'm gonna check back in a few hours to see how things are going. I'll post some more actual results. I think it's more interesting that way and really shows the pudding..  or custard.. ..  or CHEESE CAKE!!..  Yea..

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Hey this is what i have for 2 days so far

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
There is a trailing stop function in the MTPM  My experience with trailing stops is as soon as they function, price, very strangely for some reason, goes to the stop and hits it. So why lose the pips every time? If I think I　need a TS I just take the profit at that point. That is just my personal feelings though. So it is in the programming if you want to use it. I　have not used it though.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Ok, well, I had very interesting experience watching the tail end of my account margin out... When adjusting the BE and BEP the other night, I also decided to "test out" the hedging feature. I turned the hedging feature to "on", and left it at that. I know that NB had mentioned he'd had some experience with the hedging feature with losing trades going to BE.

I put on a few trades including the EURGBP at .1 lots. Can't tell you if it was long or short because I reloaded a new account. I woke up yesterday morning to watch the tail end of my account margin out... there were 1700+ trades at .05 that margined out my account, and then it just stopped....  Oh well, that is what testing is for - to see what works, and to see what doesn't work!

NB, what hedging settings are you using?

I put the account back up again with the following settings: BE 13, BEP 3, Hedging OFF, JSL 25. I loaded two trades last night:

NZDUSD long .74079 closed at .74207  +12.9 pips - $12.80

EURGBP long .86698 closed at .86846  +14.8 pips - $29.06

I see that the EURGPB had a nice upwards spike that looked to be about 48 pips or so, however, it stopped me out early. Maybe I should take my Jumping Stop Loss off and see how it performs. I think that's what I will do.

Tuesday night total: +27.7 pips

So, this is where I'm at.

SandFX, what are you doing differently for testing? I'm thinking about trying Steve Hopwood's auto EA again...

NB, love your system, thank you!

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
If I hadn't taken any trades on Friday, I would be at breakeven right now, which may be great considering the comments about the crazy week.  I am using my own EA slightly different than Steve's.  Still not completely perfected but I am going to add code to restrict trading days (not Friday) and possibly times.  Have you seen more losses on trades opened from late New York through Asian session?  I will observe how that pans out for me.

Also, do you close trades on Friday or leave open?

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Obviously, the decision to move a stop or not depends on the win/loss percentage.  You say your tests showed a decrease in profitablility.  I do not have a lot of data yet, but my current observations are that the BE stop saves me from more losers than it costs me winners.  And I'm sure the main rationale is: if price is moving it may not come back at all, but if it does then it was a fake move.  This is also why I'm using a % of ATR for my BE stop so it fits each currency pair better than a fixed amount.  You certainly wouldn't want to start with a 15 pip SL because you're virtually guaranteed to get stopped on all your trades (but you were probably just joking, right?).

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Ok

time for posting some bad trades

The EA works properly.

Congratulations to Steve,it's a very good machine.

About results,today was a bad day.

My 2 cents:

NB V1 EA is for lazy Traders (or for regular-job people like me) .

Eg I wouldn't have NEVER-EVER entered that Trade on EURNZD (see img below)

NanningBob rules are very clear and easy to follow,and the Trend "mood"  is clear on the chart

To avoid such trades,we should over-optimize this EA and MPTM applying a bunch of filters...not a good solution , IMO

So we have here a good Robot built on a good Trading System that has not been profitable in the last 2 days!!

Just some food for thought .

http://img825.imageshack.us/img825/5...swissforex.gif

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
I've had a very long day at work.. just got home. I worked 13 hours today..  I just keep telling myself.. I love my job, I love my job..  LOL

And YES!!  I love this EA from Steve. Eric is doing some good work too. Thank goodness for people like them. This week has been a little weird, I admit. But I'm only down 22 pips which isn't too bad. I am one of those people that need an EA like this because I have to work so much.

It's great to see everyones results. I've worked a long day, so I'm gonna pass on posting results tonight. I've done my 5 minutes of research and set up more EAs, so I'm gonna check again after dinner and then hit the sack

Night..

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
So, let me see if I have this right.  It's 13 hours at the job you "love".  And then the arduous chore of 5 minutes of research on the job you "hate."  Do I have it right?  Or is there something backwards in the picture?

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Comparing the two..  job or trading? The trading kicks me in the butt!

If I was only in the position to just be trading right now... which would I rather do?..   mmm   I think I want my job because of the BENEFITS!!  JK..  (well, here in the U.S. a lot of jobs provide medical benefits) ..

and I'm just kidding..  I WOULD MUCH RATHER BE TRADING!! 5 minutes per session 3-4 times a day really beats 13 hour days anytime. I like reading NBs essay on his 5 year plan. I just may implement that.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
I think I'm gonna make a bumper sticker. Instead of 'I'd rather be fishing'

I'D RATHER BE TRADING!

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Very interesting how the week is turning out..

Thanks, Swissforex

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
I put the robot on last night, and the trades took this morning about 7am, finishing up around 10am...

Long CHFJPY +28.2 Pips

Long EURCAD +12.5 Pips

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Anyone here doing the 4hr. charts???

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
I am doing the 4hr on about 20 pairs. Still trying to find out about the optimal SL and TP.

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Hey, Raindrops:

I've been using the 4H charts for reference. When using the EAs I've been having more problems than the EA on the 1H that I've been using. Maybe it's me, but I have to take more time to figure those out even though there's less settings to put in, but they have put me into many more trades that shouldn't have. Meaning I've pulled the EA over to have it ready and it gets me into the trade right away. Not sure why. Still working on it. If anyone has any input into these EAs it would be greatly appreciated

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
I wanna start testing with these settings..

NB V1 Trend Auto Trading Robot by Steve Hopwood

Long trades only: EU, GU, Audusd, USDCHF

Short trades only: EJ, GJ, Audjpy, CHFJPY

Trade hours: 3 am - 1pm EST (London open - middle of US session)

MPTM default 15+3

The idea is to prevent over leveraging on one particular currency. I dont know how much setup will occur per week i guess we will see. Comments?

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
I have a question about your long and short bias.  Is this because of some longer term trend, or some feeling about the fundamentals of the dollar and the yen?

Also, what will you do if you get simultaneous signals on the AU and the AJ?  Seems to me that that might be a time when you would look into really shorting the UJ, but its not on your list.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
My idea is I dont want to take more than 1 position of a currency so as to lesser my risk on one particular currency.

eg. if EURJPY, EURCAD and EURUSD signal a short setup simultaneously.  I am only looking to short EURJPY.  If there is a long setup for Euro, i am only looking to long EURUSD.   I dont want to have 2 or more position of the same currency at any given time.  USDJPY is not on the list coz i use Yen and Dollar as the base currency.  I hope this make sense.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Hello Traders, this is a very interesting and informative thread.  I've seen some great ideas here.  Does anyone know where I can find a Stochastic of an ATR?  I've searched FF & have been able to find one.

Thank you in advance for your help.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Not so bad of a week. I was down 183 pips. Being that most of the time I've been trading this system I've been doing well, it was a matter of time for a bad week to come along.

Really excited about the upcoming week. Remember, everyone, it's the Non-Farm Payroll Friday this coming Friday. I call it the 'Non-Farm Egg-roll'. I don't think I'm gonna be trading on Friday.

I just got home from work. My weekend to work. I love being in management.. LOL!  I'm exhausted!!  So, I did my 5 min of research and I've set Steve's Auto EA on 5 markets. USD/CAD, GBP/CHF, EUR/GBP, EUR/USD, EUR/JPY. I'll look again in the wee-early morning before I'm off to work again.

Nite

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Hi SandFX. So in your trading you are using the 1.0 system and checking your pairs at the beginning of each major session... (hoPe I got that correct). Which pairs are you trading?

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
How about, apply ATR to chart, apply Stochastic to ATR?

Is that what you mean?

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Yep.. basically, that's what I'm doing. That's mainly because I have to work & I refuse to sit in front of a computer screen on the lower TFs for hours at a time waiting for some kind of exciting move in the market that will make me lots of money!! This system allows me to take literally '5 minutes' at the beginning of each session and make my decisions. Then just wait for what happens. When you have a good system in place, there's no worries. I peak in a few times from work to see how things are going and thats about it. I will never go back to trading like I used to. This is it, baby!!

ok.. here's the list of markets I'm looking at currently. You can download the list from NB as well. He explains the volatility of each market. This list could change, but this is it for now...

AUD/USD, AUD/JPY, CAD/JPY, CHF/JPY, EUR/AUD, EUR/CAD, EUR/CHF, EUR/JPY, EUR/NZD, EUR/USD, EUR/GBP, GBP/CAD, GBP/CHF, GBP/NZD, GBP/USD, NZD/JPY, NZD/USD, USD/CHF, USD/CAD, USD/JPY

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Well..  Good news..  I've made 86 pips today! Just a little bit more and I'll be caught up.

I love this system!!

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
It's about 9:30 pm my time and I did my grueling '5 minutes' of research again. Wow!! I think I'm gonna have a heart attack from all the research I have to do with this system!  LOL..

Anyway..  Here's what I've set the EA on...

NZD/USD

USD/CAD

NZD/JPY

NZD/CHF

GBP/NZD

GBP/JPY

GBP/CHF

EUR/GBP

EUR/NZD

EUR/JPY

EUR/CHF

EUR/AUD

AUD/USD

That's 13 markets. Let's see how things go and I'll post pics. Clean ones of course..

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
My day off of work today because I worked the weekend. If I have a chance to sleep in a little I do. And it's even better when I know I have such a good system working the trades for me while I sleep. No worries!!

Over night I did 91 pips. Very nice, thank you very much. I took myself out of the EUR/AUD early this morning and I don't remember why. I should have left it alone because as I found out later that it would have been a good trade.

I've made some changes to my .set file that I've been testing that I like very much. I have a lot to do today so I'll post more later.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Hey Bob and other Forex traders. Loving the new system from what I can see. Havent made any trades as of yet but will very soon. Does anybody else think GBP/JPY is getting close. Would you guys take this trade if PA falls back through the  MA5? Not too sure because the TMA is starting to curve back up like it may cross. Opinions?

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
I call this market the 'Widowmaker' because I've had a few whipsaws with it. If you look back at it's history you can see how it moves back and forth over and under the 240. It doesn't stay very long in one direction lately. Also, if you look at the H4 with NBs 1.0 template you can see the Stochs both above the 90 looking like they are ready for coming down.

For me it's so close to the 240 that I don't want to consider it for a while till it makes up it's mind. I set my EA for it yesterday to go short. It got me in but the MPTM took over and price retraced and locked me in for a profit of 3 pips. So, that means it started to go south, but then reversed. To me it's been making lower lows and lower highs recently for a downward trend. But who knows. I'm staying away for a while on that one.

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
The Snowman,

Thanks for your help.  I've already tried that.  That just overlays one indicator on top of the other.  I'm actually looking for a way to actually have the Stochastic "Applied To" the ATR.  This is similar to the choice you get when applying an MA to the chart.

Again, thanks for your help.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
I am trying to demo the system on the lower tf. Would anyone can help me how to come up with the TMA on M1.

Thanks.;

Edd

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Talk about having discipline with this system. It looks like it works great when a setup appears but those setups dont come too often.

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
I had to get back to this post as I had an interesting thought after I read it. If most people are using the 15+3 EA and find that they get a lot of break evens. I wonder what the profitability would be if we close half the position at 15 pips, then set the stop loss to break even and let the remaining 50% of the trade reach take profit.

Since the probably of reaching TP is lower this approach might be a bit more profitable.

I'll give it a shot.

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
I really didn't trade today. Didn't see anything really worth getting into. A couple seemed ok, but I rather stay out being it's getting so close to Friday..  The Egg-Role report.

I did my '5 minutes' of research and I still didn't see anything for tonight. I'm getting ready to head to bed. Maybe it will change over night. But tomorrow I may be taking it easy. Not sure yet.

I have been looking at the Daily chart. I've moved over the TMA and the MAs and things look really interesting. Especially when the 5 MA gets close to the outer TMA and then price crosses..  mmm..  I need to look at this with more intensity

Nite

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Hi, I've actually coded my own EA using % of ATR rather than a fixed 15/3 in order to treat each currency the same.  If one has an ATR of 10 and another has 50, it doesn't make sense to use the same settings on both.  I too am watching to see if the BE settings are costing me money or saving me a bundle.

I've seen a number of systems that use the "close 1/2, save 1/2 for later" approach.  In this case if you're setting the remaining half at 0 BE, not 3, then you get 7.5 pips for each BE instead of 3 but you cut any possible winner in 1/2 while leaving the original loss risk at full.  So it really depends on the Win/Loss/BE ratio of this system.  You would need at least twice as many Wins as Losses, assuming a 1:1 ratio because it would still take a lot of BEs to make up a full win.

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Are the files on page 1 current? I see that it has not been updated since Jan 11th.

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Yes, there isnt that much to change. You read the charts and then let the EA enter. It is a simple basic system which tries to give you an edge in reentering the trend. Unless you change the definitions of the trend and where to reenter there isnt much to change. So I see no need for and update at this time. The system is designed to be basic and simple so you can add to it what you are comfortable with using in your trading.

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Hey, Bob, (and others) with this system are you closing your trades on Friday or do you leave open trades over the weekend?

tx

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Hey Bob have you looked at the possibility of manually entering a counter trend trade manually, meaning if the TMA is above the MA 240 and it bounces off the red line and back through the MA 5 going short. It seems more often than not that the price goes back down to the green line. Get a good 80 + pips both ways. For example looking at the Cad/Chf chart right now. I see that over and over. Might even take Profit on the reverse when it hits the TMA just to be safe.

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
If price is not trending strongly that would work. For example lets say during the USA session you have a real strong run up, you may get a late afternoon USA, Aud/Nzd, or even JPY session retracement. I wouldn't try it during the USA morning session though. Take a look at the candles on a 1 Day chart and see if you are getting large wicks on the candles or full body candles. If you are getting lots of wicks then you have a chance at a solid retracement, if not, I wouldnt try it on a 1H chart.

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
On your chart example you have a big wick showing price reversal action so taking that trade probably be worth it.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
I almost never close all my trades but I will close profitable ones and ones not going anywhere. The trades I am counter trading I will usually keep. It depends more on what I think the market is going to do. For example this morning I close my good solid profitable trades and most of my marginal trades and then I will let the others run to see what happens next. My view on tonights action is this: If price retraces to the center, the market doesnt know which direction the news will take. If price goes high or low then the banks are preparing for the kill. They will slowly buy all day to prepare for tonights drop or sell all day slowly to prepare for tonights rise. When the news hit, they spike price to clear out all the stop losses, enter their trades and then let everyone else get in late on the ride. If I think I have read their motives right I will place my trades 5 minutes before the news even and see if I guessed right. Sometimes I win big, sometimes I dont. I never try to trade when the news arrives  you will almost always get a bad entrance. Most traders blame the broker on this but the banks get first dibs on price not you or the broker.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Every strategy has its strengths and weaknesses. 15+3 is good in countertrading but probably not worth it in trend trading. However, you lose 50% or more on profitable trades but you also avoid a certain amount of DD. It is a choose your poison proposition. You take half your profit and price runs you say, "That sucked" If you take half your profit and price goes against you, you say, "thats cool" but maybe I should have taken all the profit while I could. In my trading my bread and butter has always been that 25-50 pip profit. I get lots of those. The 100+ ones are nice but dont really come that often. If I play for the 100+ all the time I end up with a lot of DD, Stop Losses, or dang I had 40+ back to 0, hey there is the 40+ again, dang back to 0, ahhhhhhhhhhh, theres +20, sheesh if I had taken those 3 profits I had my 100, dang now a losing trade, do I close, I could have had a 100 pips by now, dang ............ -40, do I close, do i hang in there, -80, stupid when will I learn to take those profits whenthey are there. Dang close at -100 ................... huh the trade is at +200. @^%$#@%$%*^%^#%^%%#$^&#

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Hi Duffy,

Excellent post , from all the testing on H4 you have done I see that USDJPY is by far the best pair to trade using the 8ma filter.

Can you tell me which other pairs you feel are worth following ?

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
I have started this system manually about a week ago and here are my results. My first attempt was to create an EA which wasn't successful but I knew this system had merit. Anyway here are my results just after a week.

Some small negatives are due to the ea opening another trade after TP, so I closed them manually and changed the ea so it won't happen again.

In a weeks time it's up 389 pips.

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Bob,

First of all thank you so much for your hard work and effort on this site. I have traded for about 8 years with very little success. Then I ran across your threads. May I just say BRILLIANT! I did well with the 5.3 4-hour system but am now experiencing a 90% success rate with the NB 1.0 trend trading system. I spent 8 years studying charts...almost everyday..and for some reason it has just all come together with your 1-hour system. So, I thank you very much.

The question I have for you is in regards to your recovery method that I used with success on the 4-hour system. The error I made with it was that I didn't realize there was a certain order one needed to follow to close the multi-level entries...and yet it still worked for me very well. Is it such a bad idea to use the recovery method on the NB 1.0 even though you are forced by U.S. regulations to close the first entry first? I mean if your series of entries have brought you back to BE or close to it (this is the way I was doing it on the 4-hour) whats the difference? Is this just your personal preference or is there some more concrete reasoning behind it?

Thanking you in advance, Greg

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Recovery trade system was developed when currencies had already made a run to the top or bottom of the page. Your indicators show you are overbought or oversold and you have a reasonable chance of getting out safely. That may not be the case in a trend trade. You maybe playing a buy at the top half of the charts and then you face a long long run against you. All you have to do is look at the charts of JPY and CHF over the last three weeks and realize if you were on the wrong end of a trade you would be fighting it over a 3 to 4 week period so far. At least in counter trading where we use the recovery system we only would be in the trade for 2 weeks now and stand a chance of getting out safely. That is the difference.

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
camaron

whera can i get the bottom indi in your chart?

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
I'm really liking the TMA indicator to pick you TP and SL. This isn't a NB 1.0 Trade, but have a look at this ranging market on EURCAD. It's been caught in this range for quite a few days.

Lets see how it pans out.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
I was wondering what FX broker you use? Bob explains in a nice way he likes to use USA based brokers. The new rules, however, changes the trading styles.

Please let us know who you places your trades.  I enjoy your post and the graphics.

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
I use IBFX mostly, mainly because I can use pennies for testing my theories. Can live trade my theories without committing a lot of funds. I wish I could find a reliable foreign broker I could trade pennies and hedge. I have a hedging strategy I think is ready for some live trading but I cant hedge with IBFX unless i use two accounts and transfer money back and forth. Kind of a yucky proposition on a lot of trades at once.

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Your welcome, I seldom say thank you to all the positive comments because I dont want to clutter up the thread but once in a while I will. I appreciate all the support and comments and want everyone to know that.

If it wasnt for all the contributions and suggestions my systems would not exist. They are a compilation of ideas I have found that seem to work most of the time. And that my friends is what we want in forex, a chance to win most of the time and then control our losses to become successful.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Nice looking safe trade, If you get a gap in your favor when the market opens take the profit because often the market retraces after the gap. I think this is because the banks do all their weekend exchanges by doing all the sells or buys first then run the others.

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Yeah, I managed to get 30 pips out of that trade before the news. It caused an upward fakeout which suggested a strong downward pressure but gradually over time EUR crept back up before close on Friday.

I was happy to be out of the trade before all that happened. Since it was range bound, I took TP at light blue center line.

Just want to also say thanks again Bob for an amazing system. I have gone through TONES of systems and I don't think they get better than this to be honest.

Thanks Bob!!

Of course there is always your 4H counter trend system which seems very profitable by the looks of things. I don't think I have enough experience yet to stomach the money management on it just yet.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
If there is one thing I'd like to see here on this thread is more examples of live trades. I'm sold on this system and I have a feeling others are as well. So, lets see 'em...both good and bad. Here's one that I think is a perfect setup. You'll notice that my chart has elements of Bob's 1.0 Trend Trading system as well as the sixths indicator from his counter trend 4HR system as well as a few other indi's from other systems that I thought were just too good to let go. When all of the NB 1.0 indi's say trade AND you get the sixths indicator hinting that the previous run has played out and at possible extremes I have found that it could signal a very safe and profitable trade. It certainly did in this case.

This trade went for over 80 pips in less that 10 hours. I hated that I missed the one the day after but I wasn't up to catch it and I'm not sure I trust the automated entry robots yet...perhaps in time.

I think Bob would probably like to see some fruits of his hard work as well. I imagine that most of the satisfaction he receives is not just from personal profit but from seeing others succeed....the tell-tale sign of an educator. - - Gregg

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Hi forexwonder - I use two brokers, Alpari UK and IamFX. Why I picked them?

They both have very very low spreads on major pairs. (http://mt4spreads.com/)

I use Alpari UK as my main broker because I am in the UK.

I also picked IamFX because they provide free VPS (but there is a free usage quota, otherwise it's $35/m). They used to be in the US but moved because of new NFA rules and no longer accept US customers. Having said that, low spreads only apply to lower time frames, for this system the spreads don't really matter. If your looking for a good one, I would go with established and regulated brokers, Alpari, Oanda, Dukascopy just to name a few.

Alpari micro is great if your starting out, because there is no commissions on their micro account and their site provides a lot of educational material.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Yes I wish more guys would post trade setups. I dont have time to do that now but 7 more weeks of working two postions. Then I will have more free time again. So please post your trade setups.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Has anyone taken this last trade upwards, I missed it, don`t know maybe the red average was not below the TMA at that time so the EA didn`t take it. Or VPS issue. Sure it`s ok. Let`s move on.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Trade taken and managed by NB h1 auto EA, and trade closed @ +3pips based on the 15+3 setup

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
This is certainly not the best setup in the world but I took it for decent profit. As you can see the NB 1.0 main rules are there. TMA red touched. 5x5 is on the correct side. The rule that I broke was that the 240 MA (blue line) indicates long trades not short but the Swissarmyhisto HA indicator (bottom indicator) showed some weakness on the 4hr bar and when the 1hr bar joined in I thought it could be good for a few pips. Plus, it was over extended beyond the top line of the sixths indi AND had bounced off the BB. Not to mention the TMA looks like it wants to turn over. That's the actual TMA-not the TMAangle indi.

These trades (against the 240MA) are what I heard one experienced trader called "sniper" trades. You don't want to hang in it for long. Just take a shot and get out. It worked out.

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Entered this trade last night. Missed the initial entry but as is so often the case it backed up and gave me an opportunity to get in. This trade is actually in compliance with the 240MA rule but it's still a "sniper" trade. The TMA is crashing down and the TMA angle doesn't look good either. BUT...it's well extended beyond the sixths indi, has come back inside the BB, found resistance on the bottom TMA, has had a mashki indi color change from red to blue, AND the necessary 5x5 cross. I also like the fact that the swissarmyhisto HA indi never gave up its weekly upside strength and when the 1-hr & 4-hr kicked in I pulled the trigger.

Had I been in front of the computer I would have gotten out when it hit the green line on the sixths indi but I've been home... sick in bed...and just got up to check it.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
This was a great trade that I managed poorly. All of the entry criteria were met....NB 1.0 plus the ones I've added. It's on the right side of the 240MA, PA has bounced off the red TMA, 5x5 is on the correct side, TMA angle is good, the actual TMA was turning down...could have been more extended on the sixths indi but it's still solid...PLUS... the swissarmyhisto HA indicator turned down on every TF. I got in late and probably should have waited for it to back up and got in on a smaller TF but it worked out.

BUT as you can see I exited way to early because I had to go to bed (sick). I don't like turning my trade over to a EA...although wasn't there an EA that closed the trade when it crossed a specific MA? That might have some merit. Closing not crossing would probably be better though.

What I'd really like to see are some SL and TP lines that are hidden from the broker...if that's possible.

Anyway it continued to run for an additional 90 pips and looks to be turning but might continue to run even more but who knows. Either way...lot of pips left on the table.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Has anyone noticed the JPY pairs. Most of them are hanging over a cliff ready to jump! There is just too much uncertainty with jpy to trade as anything can happen after the tsunami but have a look at this.

1) First screen is D1 chart. No correction for quite some time and price action is way outside average outer TMA extremes.

2) Second screen shows 1H. Red line is support line, which I think if it breaks are we expecting a strong down trend for price correction? So tempting to trade this but JPY to risky still? Most JPY pairs are like this, any expert comments welcome.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Not an expert....but you got me interested. It does look good on the daily....and it is testing resistance for the third time in as many days. And the 1-Hr is backing up at the moment but what is your entry indicator since it's already crossed the 5x5? Are you waiting for a complete pullback to the upper TMA and then looking to get in on the next downward cross?

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Here's a possible setup if I can stay up for it.

1. The 240 is below and rising. So we're looking long.

2. It's touched the lower TMA.

3. The 5x5 is already on the correct side for the trade.

4. The TMA angle is down  BUT the TMA itself is rising.

5. The 48MA has acted as support on the 8th, 11th, and just 1 hour ago.

6.The swissarmyhisto shows upside strength on the weekly & daily.

7. The MA ribbon(powder blue shading) indicates long.

What do you think? Is it worth an EA risk?

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Here's another possible setup.

1. Bottom line of TMA touched.

2. Sixths indicator shows some resistance.

3. Is testing a prior resistance line of two days ago.

4. Swissarmyhisto HA shows weekly upside strength

The TMA angle is not good and the TMA itself is slightly descending however.

Also it looks like it wants to ride the BB down some more. It's backing up at the moment but could pause and the continue it's downward trend. If the Swissarmyhisto HA turns blue on the 1-hour (as it just did as I was typing) but then back to red then this could be a trend continuation.

Of course the beauty of Bob's system is the 5x5 cross not only acts as an entry indicator but also as an indicator to keep you out of a potentially bad trade.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
A nise trade just reached the tp

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Hi greglegrande - Yeah the rules are not met for this system. I would be a bit undecided as to what to do next really. With such a strong upward momentum normally you be expected some decent correction. But the three attempts at getting a correction started failed so sentiment must be caution. Yep, I think JPY pairs might be good to short if they pull back to upper TMA again as you say. Something to watch out for I think because it might be a big move?

I noticed that on Bobs 4h system, a few people got in on this position and are hedging their shorts so they would probably be have a hawks  eye on JPY at the moment?

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
SilberFX - Nice trade mate!! NanningBobs 1.0 trend at it's best! Text book trade I think.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
So did you get in? It did the above and then moved 50 pips to the downside after the 5x5 cross. I missed this one and the other two setups I was looking at. Good thing too. They crossed going up and then news slammed both of them hard to the downside. In fact the Eur/Jpy moved more than 150 pips down!

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
...down enough, letting me close 4 levels (my levels are different cause i use a different lot management, so i can open even 5 levels) of the eurjpy trade gone bad almost 2 weeks ago! (with a straight 1% profit)

i've got only the nzdusd trade left...4 levels but very low lot size....be is 100 pips away so very likely to be touched in case of a correction (really awaited for this is an endless move!)

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
If I'm reading you right you're using a recovery method? If so what levels did you re-enter if you don't mind me asking.

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
I didn't this time, as I don't trade the JPY pairs until things settle down over there. But in retrospect I wish I did, it was a very probable trade, it had to jump of the cliff eventually.  As master nanningbob says, everything that goes up must come down..  And JPY did go up and up.

Interesting read though regarding BOJ intervention and G7 support to keep Jen about 80 USD.

http://www.forexblog.org/2011/04/wha...r-the-yen.html

Looks like the whole world (G7) doesn't want the USD/JPY to go below 80. Interesting times ahead.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
This was more of a NB 5.3 trade than a NB 1.0 but the candle pattern but there were still a lot of signs that pointed to a trade.

1. Got support on the bottom sixths line.

2. The candle pattern was very bullish.

3. The Swiss HA indi showed strength on the weekly and 1 hour.

4. The low was prior resistance.

5. AND a friend told me that the technicals that he uses (RSI, MACD and others were screaming bullish this morning.

Taken all together I jumped early...shouldn't have...but did.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Okay, here's one I'm in currently in and it's languishing. Not the best entry in the world...

On the plus side....

1. Its above the 240MA and showing some support.

2. Touched the green on the TMA.

3. Swiss HA looks pretty strong in all TF's except daily.

4. Bottom line of sixths might give support.

5. Good cross of the 5x5.

On the negative side...

1. The 240MA might be support for the middle TMA band but is resistance for PA.

2. TMA angle is poor.

3. TMA itself is the on decline.

4. Daily on the Swiss HA is down.

I don't know why I do stuff like this. You sit down to trade and sometimes you think you MUST trade. Kind of like when you go into a store you feel like you MUST buy something. Bad way to think and it gets me into trouble.

I'm gonna have a quick hook with this trade. If it recrosses the 3MA (pink line) or the mashki indi turns back red...I'm out.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Another sniper trade. Perhaps could have ridden up for a few more pips but it wasn't that solid of an entry, I don't think, so I'm out for descent gain. - Greg

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Bob, If you don't mind me asking what again is the 5-minute equivalent to the 240MA?

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
I looked at this chart...thought I could get a few pips against the trend in a sniper trade. Didn't realize it was the 4-Hour and not the 1-Hour. As soon as I realized it i exited the trade for a loss. I've gotta be more careful.

On another note...this thread seems to be all but dead. I don't understand why because I think this system of Bob's is one of the finest I've seen and I've been searching and studying for almost 10 years. It really does spot the establishment of a short term trading trend that I believe is perfect for those wanting to take long term risk out of the equation and yet still get substantial gains. And when you replace the candles with the mashki indicator and the western bar you can take a lot of emotion out of your trading.

I thank you one last time Bob. Your work has made trading fun and profitable for me as the evidence I posted will tell you. Good luck to the few remaining on this thread.

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
greglegrande, could you please be so kind as to post your template. It looks nice and seems a tiny bit different from the original? Thank you so much.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
240MA is for 1 hour or 60 minutes so for 5 minutes multiply by 12, (12x5=60 minutes). Try 2880 MA.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Greg what you have looks very interesting. I dont know if you can write but a booklet explaining each indicator and how they relate with the system would be very helpful. Posting the template also would help. If enough guys like it I can add to page 1. Working two jobs is preventing me from posting so I have to leave it to guys like you who can trade it consistently.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
This is a very good suggestion, Bob. I certainly appreciate greglegrande's recent efforts to generate some increased activity on this thread. However, due to his inclusion of several tools of which I have no knowledge, it becomes rather futile when attempting to understand his overall analysis. OTOH, I feel many would not be so motivated as to expend the efforts required for more clarity, and understandable if greg passes as well. Just my 2 cents ...

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Bob, May I take some room and also talk about the emotional aspect of trading this system as well as the emotional aspect of trading in general??? It might be long. I want to respect your thread so is this permissible? -- Greg

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
I'm not Steve Fire away.

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Hi,

I usually trade on another platform and currently testing a trend following system similar to this one. I am trying to get some details about TMA indicator. I have looked in the first few pages and read the manual but I still cannot figure out what does 3 lines of TMZ indicator means.

Can someone please tell me what are the three lines on the TMA indicator and if TMA stands for 'Triangular Moving Averages'?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Hello. I discovered this thread recently and I have to add my  compliments to Bob and Steve, really good work..   I just wanted to ask if somebody could post here the results of the system for the first three  months of 2011 and win %. Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
I believe it is Triangulated Moving Average, and the center line is the TMA virtually identical to a 56 LWMA at the leading edge but the past lines are smoothed out, which means it changes position alot, and the outer lines are 2 ATR100 distance from that.

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
That's going to be difficult because this system allows for trader interpretation, although I am trying to make it fit into a precise mold, kind of like Steve's autotrader.  Bob certainly is more of a master of this since it's his idea, but you might have to wait until his busy days are over before he can post results.

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Quote:

Originally Posted by pego http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Hello. I discovered this thread recently and I have to add my compliments to Bob and Steve, really good work.. I just wanted to ask if somebody could post here the results of the system for the first three months of 2011 and win %. Thanks a lot.

Yes, agree,

I would suggest that "the results of the system for the first three months of 2011 and win %" are probably directly proportional to the users skill/experience as a trader.

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
I totally understand that results will be proportional to the users skill and experience. I just wanted to see what results it is possible to achieve. Bob is surely the most competent person to post the results of this system.

And maybe it could contribute also to higher interest in this thread :-)

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Out of town and on the road...missed all the great obvious moves Yesterday and I'm sick about. Have managed 25+ pips this morning but upset about yesterday. BUT... there are more trades coming.

On another note. I'm about ready to post my charts with the additional indicators and the role in Bob's system...as well as some thoughts on the emotional aspects of trading. I've been real busy lately and have not had the time to focus on trading.   - - Greg

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Hi,

I went through the whole thread and as I understand it, most people are using the H1 version (as that is the version of the first page) while some, nanningbob in particular are much more focused on the H4 version now.

My problem is that I do not immediately see the relation between H1 and H4, they look like different systems and not variants of the same principle, shouldn't they be in a different thread? (I know for practical reasons this is too late now, just wondering from a conceptual point of view if I'm missing something crucial).

I mean:

H1, look at 240MA/centerTMA for trend, touching of the outerTMA's for a signal to start the EA and a break through the MA5x5 for a trigger of the trade.

H4: look for 60MA/8MA for trend (ok, this is quite similar to the H1 version, 60MA_4H = 240MA_1H and 8MA ~ centerTMA), but then the trade is simply triggered by price breaking these MA's. No 'bouncing' of something first, no waiting until the move is confirmed by a break of the MA5x5. the H4 template includes the RWB lines but in the EA they are not used to trigger the trade. Therefore, isn't this system simply saying 'enter when price is below/above 2MAs'. Isn't this too simple?

Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that a system that is 'too simple' is not good; on the contrary :-). I trust that it is a profitable system, at least for nanningbob, as otherwise he would not have explained the system in this thread.

It's just that I think something is missing. If I do some quick visual backtesting, it looks to me that there are a lots and lots of possible trades for all pairs, but it seems like a 50/50 whether they amount to something. (actually I remember coming across a post where nanningbob says something about 50/50 coinflip, but I cannot find it anymore).

Therefore, I think my main question is. If you want to trade, because of your busy schedule, H4 instead of H1, why not stick to the H1 rules? But obviously with adjusted MAs and TMAs for that TF? Just wondering.

Apart from that: come on people, revive this thread! :-)

Greetings,

azertyken

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
This post is in response to Bob’s request for an explanation of the indicators that I have on my charting system. But I also feel it might be helpful to expound upon not only on the technical side but the emotional side of this system as well. I have always felt that the thing that keeps many of us from becoming successful traders in any market is the failure to put a handle on our emotions…namely fear and greed.

And that’s what the extra indicator’s do for me. They give me a chart that "fits my eye" and that doesn't wage it's on personal war on my fragile trading emotions.   You see Bob’s system is excellent. But it doesn’t matter how excellent it is if your emotions renders it useless. But the indicators I’ve added to his 1-hour system calms my mind. After all as some wise traders often say…it’s 25% method…75% mind. So your mind had better be right.

1st Addition (and probably the most important) is the Dve Mashki indicator.

It’s the red & blue bars laid over price action. The DveMashki is simply a variation of the macd, at least that's what I am told, and having it displayed on price action has spared me from the noise of traditional candlestick interpretation. Candles do not work for me. It’s main function is to ELIMINATE CANDLES! Candles can and do reap havoc on me emotionally. They’re up -They’re down! They’re constantly changing colors. Is it a doji?!? A gravestone?!? Railroad Tracks? Evening or morning star?!? A hanging man?!? It drives me crazy!

I will sometimes look at candles as a deciding factor on a trade but not very often. Candles instill in me (and others) a lot of fear. And fear can knock you out of a perfectly profitable trade. The mashki does a good job of “quieting” the chart.

It’s secondary function is to give you another indicator of a trend change. It DOES NOT…repeat…DOES NOT… take the place of the 5x5 cross. It just reinforces the strength of the entry. You can tell by looking at my charts that often times once the Mashki experience’s a color change it stays that color for a while. But it can not only signal a possible upcoming trade it can also provide an exit. When it changes color again…I’m out. I’m usually out at a TP level but I never stay in a trade past a Mashki color change or a 5x5 re-cross (whichever comes first). It also makes for a good stop loss indicator.

2nd Addition is the Swiss Army Indicator.

That’s the indicator with the red & blue boxes at the bottom of the screen. It lets me know what the current dominate trend and current trading action is on the other Time Frames by displaying the current HA candle color on those TF‘s. It displays what color (red-bear; blue-bull) PA is on the weekly, daily, 4-hour and 1-hour charts. Trading WITH and not AGAINST the predominate trend on larger TF’s makes profitable trading a lot easier. It can also act as a filter to keep you out of some questionable trades. For example, if PA is crossing down on the 5X5 but the Weekly, Daily, and 4-hour Swiss boxes are all blue (long) then you might think twice about entry and if you do enter you may not want to walk away with it and just take a quick profit (sniper trade) and get out.

If it’s bullish on all TF’s it will not only be higher probability trade but will generally run out for more pips than trades that are going against the trend of the higher TF’s.

I also use it to enter trades that I have missed. If a trade is running strong to the upside or downside sometimes it can backup to give you an entry so that you can still catch part of the trade. For instance, if the weekly, daily, 4-hr, 1-hr are all red and the PA is headed down and then suddenly the 1-hr block on the Swiss Army turns blue, stays blue but then turns red on the next hourly block then that’s a possible entry point on a strong move. It might even be coupled with a one bar color change on the Mashki…but that usually happens on lower TF’s and not the 1-hour which is why I use the Swiss Army as a secondary entry if I missed the first one.

Warning: This can happen several times during a strong move but you only want to do it the first time. It’s risky and I do not recommend it.

Request: For several months I have thought that it would be very advantageous to find an indicator that could tell you what color the Dve Mashki was on other timeframes instead of using HA candles. Not only would it be incredible evidence on which side of the trade you should be on but when a larger TF changes color and indicates a possible move then it will often lead the smaller time frames for big big moves.

I would love it if someone could write an indicator that would use the DveMashki instead of the HA but I refuse to pay $500 for something that some programming whiz on this site could do in a half hour.

3rd Addition is the MA fill (light pink & light blue shading)

Even though the 240MA might tell us long or short I have found that depending on the slope and cross of some key moving averages as well as the slope of the TMA that short trades can still be had with PA above the 240 and good solid long trades can be had below the 240. This shading, which is dependant upon popular MA’s in the option & stock trading world gives you the side for the higher probability trade. This coincides with the 240 a lot of the time BUT not always. Depending on the slope of the MA’s, not to mention the TMA Angle and actual slope of the TMA itself…trades can be had from the opposing side or even both sides.

If it's pink then short might be a better direction no matter where the 240 is. If blue then long might be better again no matter where the 240 is. And if you’re already in a trade and it turns color then you might be in for a really big move.

4th Addition is Bob’s Bollinger Band. When PA separates from the BB then get ready for a possible trade. I didn’t say trade. I said get ready for a possible trade. Bob’s BB is also priceless for continuing a trade and getting big gains. If you enter and it starts riding the top of bottom line of that BB then hang onto your hats….you’re in for some big profit.

5th Addition is Bob’s Sixth Indicator from his 4-hour method. I have found that pivot points and MML’s can all be done away with when replaced by the sixths indicator. If PA finds resistance or support on the top of bottom line then the corresponding move when the PA crosses the 5x5 is liable to be a large one as opposed to a cross that occurs in the middle of the sixths indicator.

The sixths indicator also provides my secondary TP levels. I usually get out based on the TMA lines but in strong moves I might hold out for the gold line on the sixths.

Other additions…

* I throw the western bar up on the chart because I need to know when the 5x5, TMA, and sixth’s indicator have been broken by PA. But it’s more difficult to see and it’s form changes less thus lessening the emotional aspect of it in trading.

** I also put a 3MA smoothed with a 1-day shift that I use as a SL on trades that I’m not very confident with. If it breaks then I’m out. Again, this is for an “iffy” trade not one that I’m confident with.

*** Also the news indicator is priceless. You must stay away from trades with news that might affect it in the next hour or possibly even two.

**** The THV info box in the upper left hand corner gives you good info about the spread. It also tells you how much the stock has moved since open. I always wait and trade until the high to low number is at least 40. The bottom number I previously used as an indication on how many pips I could get from the trade. Half that number is a very safe bet. Now, I let the chart tell me when to exit.

***** Another request. Is there an indicator that someone can link to Forex Factory’s liquidity indicator? I think it’s an important piece of information that I always check. It would be nice not to have to leave my screen to do it. Speaking of liquidity. If it’s low that does not mean that you don’t trade…BUT…don’t expect to get quick moves or even big moves.

PAINTING THE PICTURE

Bob I hope it’s okay for me to talk about the following. It will not hurt my feelings if you choose to delete it. But I believe that no method can provide you with success in trading in and of itself because no system can fully eliminate human error and emotion.

You see it’s not totally about the CHART. It’s about the ART of trading. It’s about painting a picture. Not a picture of a landscape or a portrait but it’s about painting a picture of a trade. And to paint you need lots of colors. Now you don’t need every color to paint a beautiful picture. And you don’t need every indicator to paint a beautiful trade. But you’ll need most of them.

Is the liquidity high? Yes? Brush it on the canvas. Am I clear of news events that might make the currency behave erratically. Yes? Brush it on the canvas. Where is the 240MA in relation to the middle line of the TMA? Brush it on the canvas. Has PA touched the bottom or upper line of the TMA? Yes? Brush it on the canvas. Where is PA is relation to the sixths indicator.  Brush it on the canvas. How is the TMA sloping? What color is the MA fill shading? Has the Mashki indicator changed colors in the direction of the trend? Where’s the 5x5 MA in relation to the middle TMA? Has PA crossed the 5x5? What’s the TMA angle indicator doing? What does the Swiss Army Histo look like? Brush ‘em all on the canvas.

Paint your picture. And when you’re finished painting...stand back and look at it and ask yourself...have I painted a picture of a trade? Will everything be exactly as it should be? Sometimes. But other times it won't. But it may still be a trade. Look at the total picture. Its an ART thing...not a CHART thing. If you think differently then without offending you I politely tell you that you are wrong. If it was as easy as following a method and acting and reacting to it like a computer would then a computer would! And everybody would own the program and be getting wealthy trading the FX. But everybody isn't. In fact most people are going poor trading the FX. Why? Because it's not a CHART thing. You have to trade and get a feel for the indicators and price action. You have to learn to paint. The more you do the easier your pictures will be to interpret.

So there it is. The Bible says that there is nothing new under the sun. And my chart certainly falls into that category. Everything about my chart has been borrowed from other people who know a whole lot more about this than I do. There's nothing new here BUT, this compilation of other people's indicators is working for me.

In the last three months I have had an 80- 90% success rate trading real money. This chart works for me because it effectively eliminates the noises that my trading psyche is sensitive to. Candles, bold price indicators, large swooping stochastic have all been eliminated to lessen my emotions.  And that's important. Because the losses I incur are due to my emotions (fear and greed) getting in the way and are not a failure of the method. But Bob’s method minimizes the emotion for me and the extra indicators I‘ve added have reduced it even further.  Suffice it to say this is the most success that I have ever had trading in any arena. The indicators and templates are below. But let me say a couple of other things.

You must trade with the mentality that there is always another trade coming. Because there is. Stay away from the mentality that one trade is going to make you a bunch of money. That attitude will get you killed. To use a baseball analogy you're not looking for the home-run. Be content with singles, doubles, and triples with the occasional "four-bagger" (home-run for those of you in soccer countries). Singles and doubles will add up over time.

Also, I do not trade the very small time frames? Why? The chart looks the same in all TF’s. I have just as much emotion and intellect invested in a 5-minute chart as I do a 1-hour chart. The difference? On a 5-minute chart all of my emotional and intellectual energy might produce 15-20  pips profit. BUT, that same emotional and intellectual energy can produce 50, 75, or 100 pips or more on the 1-hour chart. Plus, when I enter a 5-minute chart I am compelled to sit there and watch it because after all, I’ll be able to tell in about 10-15 minutes what the trade is going to do and all that does is toy with my emotions as I sit there and find a way to focus only on price action and allow fear to talk me out of a trade. But when I enter a 1-hour chart I can walk away for several hours, provided you‘ve checked the news, because it takes several hours to tell if the trade is going to work. If I’m not sitting there in a panic I can give the trade time to work. So do not trade the lower TF’s unless you have the time and the emotional makeup to do it.

Another thing...and this will sound wrong...but it's not. Practice trading does not work!!!! I trade real money. I DO NOT PRACTICE TRADE! Only real money trading can tell you if you have a handle on your emotions. Only real money trading can help you get a handle on your emotions. You can and should start out very very small...ten cents or even one cent per pip but use real money. Look, there are a lot of good systems out there but none of them totally remove the fear and greed associated with trading real money. Fear and greed are the killers of good trading... not systems. Find a method that fits your eye and appeals to your personality and emotional make-up and trade real money so that you can discipline your emotions and learn the lessons and feel the consequences of giving into your emotions. It’s the painful consequences of giving into your emotions that will make you a good trader. I am convinced of this. I am still in this stage but I am learning the lessons. Slowly over time (almost 10 years now) I am conditioning myself to forget about the money and just trade well. Focusing on trading well, instead of the money, will help you eliminate the paralyzing emotions associated with trading.

Make sure you adhere to your stop losses and fear will be a non-factor. You're not going to get rich off one trade BUT you can go broke on one trade. So take the small loss and live to fight another day. Use the Mashki, 5x5, and the 3MA as your SL lines. Use the TMA and sixths lines to take profit OR close the trade when your happy with the profit. I heard a great story years ago on this very thing.

A man was at an airport terminal in Seattle, Washington (Seattle is on the coast of the United States great pacific northwest) when he began a casual conversation with a women there. They were both looking out the glass at the arriving and departing planes when she remarked to the man standing beside her that the plane she just got off was continuing on to Hawaii. The man remarked at how wonderful it would be to be on that plane going to warm sunny Hawaii instead of having to stay there in cold cloudy Seattle. The women however said she didn't feel that way at all. She didn't want to go to warm and sunny Hawaii and was more than happy to stay right there in Seattle. When the man asked how in the world she could be happier in Seattle as opposed to Hawaii she simply said, "Because my daughter and grandchild live in Seattle... not in Hawaii. That's why I'm HAPPY IN SEATTLE."

Look, you're in a trade. You've made very good profit. Some indicators begin to turn against you. You're thinking about getting out and then greed rears its ugly head and you think to yourself..."What if it keeps on going? What if this is the trade of a lifetime!?! What if this trade continues on to Hawaii? But if your happy with what you've made... if you're happy in Seattle... THEN GET OFF THE PLANE! Close the trade! Take the profit and remember there is another trade coming.

I am hopeful that this contribution that Bob has asked me to make helps to keep this thread going. Let’s see your trades. This system works! But whatever indicators you use…find the ones that eliminate as much emotion in your trading as possible. I am not an expert by any stretch of the imagination. I’m just a guy with a passion for trading and I THINK...I THINK... thanks to Bob…I have finally found my trading niche. I hope you find yours too.      - - Greg LeGrande.

P.S. If you really want to limit your emotions then try trading not only without candlesticks or the western bar but without anything at all.... not even the linear. Turn them all off and just use the DveMashki indicator for price action. If you are unable to control your fear and/or greed I would suggest you give that a try.

Indi's and Template coming soon.

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Kudos, Mr. LeGrande - no one can deny that you have put forth a major effort in adding to the interest of Bob's 1H system, and to the revival of his thread. I look forward to working w/ your template/indicators, and discovering what type of pretty pictures I can paint

Much of what you have written resonates well w/ my trading experiences to date, and I hesitate to mention that I have even more years invested than yourself. And I couldn't agree more w/ your comments on demo vs. live trading. I wasted a lot of time demo trading, thinking that I was building confidence in my skills, only to realize its a completely different animal when the rubber meets the road. Demo is a great tool for learning the platform, system, etc, but imho does nothing to prepare a trader for surviving in the trenches.

Thank you very much for your contributions, Greg!

Best of trading ... meph

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Here are the indi's and template.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Your summary of the H4 method is not quite correct.  Or perhaps I am misunderstanding you.

Both systems are fundamentally the same, but they differ in detail.  Both are looking first for a trend.  Then they look for a pullback within the trend.  And then there is a move away from that pullback, back in the direction of the trend which gets confirmed with an entry that uses a moving average cross.

The trend:  In H1 its defined by the center TMA in relation to the 240.  In the H4 its defined by the 8 in relation to the 60.  These are very, very similar.

The pullback:  In H1 this condition is met when price crosses the inner TMA band.  Ih H4 its met by price crossing inside the 8, so that price is between the 8 and the 60.  These are different parameters, but its still the same basic idea.

The confirmation trigger by MA cross:  In H1, this happens when price crosses the 5X5 MA.  (In fairness, there is the additional filter here that this MA must be inside the Center TMA).  In H4, this happens when price crosses outside the 8.

The H4 system is in some ways simpler.  I think Bob might have designed it this way because he has spent more time looking at H4 charts and has a better ingrained understanding of them.  He might also have done it because H4 charts tend to be a bit less jittery than H1 charts, and so he didn't feel the same need to filter out false signals.

Bob added the RWB indicator because he's used it for a long time, and he's very familiar with it.  I'm not sure exactly how he's using it in his H4 Trend trades.  I could make some guesses based on my reading of the V5 counter trend trading system.  But I don't think its necessary at all to trade the H4 version, if that's what you had in mind.

In back testing over a number of pairs, it seemed pretty clear that both systems work.  That's not very surprising.  A robust method should still work even when you tweak some of the parameters pretty hard.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Greg - I'm probably overlooking the obvious, but was the MA Fill  indicator inadvertently left out of your indicators list? It doesn't  appear within your supplied template, nor do I see it listed  individually. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Hi duffypratt, thanks a lot for your reply!

I guess I missed the fact that for H4 the price needs to cross M8 twice (first to the inside and then to the outside) for triggering a trade.

In the original post #670 of nanningbob, this is not mentioned (or at least I did not interpret it that way) and in the posts after that it is very possible I missed this. After reading hundreds of messages in a thread, attention tends to fade a bit. :-)

I'll look into this new interpretation some more and try to convince myself of how and why it should work.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
sorry 'bout that.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Greg - the problem w/ providing indicators to a public forum is that you find yourself being hounded by the computer illiterates of the world  With that said, I could use a bit of assistance.

Please see the attached chart w/ questions:

1. Using the MA Fill, how do you create the solid shading w/o 'painting over' the other indicators. I can increase the line weight option to achieve a solid appearance, but it then obscures everything other than the price bars.

2. I'm pretty much lost w/ all the settings within the SwissArmyMixedhisto. The default is apparently giving values for the M1 and M5 time frames. Could you perhaps provide a screenshot of the required settings?

Sorry for the bother ... meph

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
I looked at post 670 and it looks like you are right.  In the original explanation, there is an entry whenever price moves from the inside to the outside of the MAs.

As I said before, crossing outside the 8 from the inside is very similar to what happens in the H1 system, and that's the way I always understood the H4 system.  It looks like I was at least partially wrong.

There are also clearly marked entries for when price moves across the 60.  I haven't tested this at all.  It does two things that are contrary to the basic idea behind the H1 system.  First, it enters a trade which goes counter to Bob's final definition of the trend.  In a long, the 8 would still be below the 60.  Thus, the trend is still down.  Second, it seems to be looking for a breakout instead of looking for a retracement and continuation.

That doesn't mean that these second types of entries are no good.  I haven't tested them.  Given Bob's track record, I think this idea is worth investigating.  It does look like this kind of entry might lead to some very big winners.  My first concern would be on where to put a stop for this type of entry.

Thanks for pointing this out.  It looks like I'm always learning something new.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
I have a question about the Swiss Army Knife indicator.  Do you find the information on the past bars useful?  It puts up dots for every bar, and I can see how I might want a flash picture of the current bias of the other time frames (either bullish or bearish).  But I'm having a hard time figuring out what good the information over the last x number of bars does.

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Not a bother at all...

1. On the MA Fill input the following number in the following order vertically...

89

1

0

21

1

0

* Also you may have to put them on the page in a certain order so as not to cover up other indicators. Probably an easier way to do this but I am not very proficient on the computer not to mention with these charts.

2. Go to the input tab on the indicator

autotime frame = false

eperiod 1 = 10800

eperiod 1type = 6

eperiod 2 = 1440

eperiod 2type = 6

eperiod 3 = 240

eperiod 3type = 6

eperiod 4 = 60

eperiod 4 type = 6

current ttf = false

change the colors to whatever you like...mine are slate blue and crimson.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
ok, as I'm not experienced enough myself I like the bouncing of the TMA and retrace back to MA5x5 more and find it easier (it seems less ambiguous to me), so I want to do this on a H4 chart.

I'm wondering on the setup though.

- 240 MA obviously will become the 60MA

- 56TMA should become 14TMA? (as nanningbob uses 8MA on H4 and the 8MA seems to follow the 14TMA reasonably well)

- TMA ATR multiplier of 2.0 or 3.0, I don't know. I don't know if it actually matters that much so I will keep it to 2.0

- MA5x5 stays the same. I don't know to what else to change it too.

I did exactly one trade with this (so I suspect this is not yet statistically significant ;-)) and made 100+ pips! Most likely I was just lucky.

Anyway, any comments on this?

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Yes I do find it useful. The indicator is a picture of the HA candle on the respective TF's. You could actually do it yourself manually by installing an HA indicator and toggling thru the TF's yourself. It's just easier to see if it's right there on your screen.

What helps is being able to see that even though PA might be moving up the weekly HA candle might be bearish. It 1) May have just turned bearish with just a couple of red boxes in a row. 2) It might be in the middle of a bearish run with a half-dozen red boxes in a row. 3) May have been bearish for quite a while with dozens of red boxes in a row. This information might keep you from entry or at the very least may help dictate your exit. For instance, the weekly HA candle might be blue (bullish) but might be fixing to turn over. Something you would check if the blue boxes on the weekly have been running for quite a while.

This is after all a trend trading method and the Swiss Army indi helps you to know at a glance the probable trends of the other TF's and will also tell you how long they've been in that trend.

My best suggestion would be to study the history and see how the different TF's on the Swiss Army influenced the direction of PA. I'm still in the middle of such a study myself. What I've found so far....

Weekly, daily, 4-hour, 1 hour same color = strong move

Weekly, daily, 4-hour, 1-hour same color then 1-hour changes color then changes back again = continuation of move

4-hour & 1-hour same color coupled with a similar slant of the TMA = Probable good move.

You can see what I mean when I call this thing we're engaged in called trading I refer to as art. You're not gonna find a formula for the Swiss Army. But it does provide for you some valuable information (currently & historically) to help you decide if you've "painted the picture of a trade".

I hope this helps. I want to stress that I'm still learning and feel unqualified to assist many of you as you're skills far exceed mine I would imagine. But I'll try to answer anything anyone asks.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
I haven't played with this, but have a couple of ideas you might try out.

The ATR multiplier will create much wider bands on the H4 than it does on the H1.  The effect of wider bands is to create fewer trading opportunities.  I would measure the width of the bands on the H1, and see how much wider they are when you put the same setting on the H4.  Then its a matter of adjusting to taste.

The 5x5 cross doesn't translate that well over to the H4. There's no such thing as a 1.25 x 1.25 MA.  So what would you use instead?  Frankly I don't know.  It seems to me that this is an area where a bit of playing around and observation will do a whole lot more than any theory.  Fortunately, as I said before, a strong system will be able to withstand quite a bit of tweaking to the parameters.

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
The ATR bands are wider but at the same time the price bars are longer. I would say that the ATR bands are 4 times wider, the bars on average 4 times longer, there will be 4 times less trades (seen on a timescale) and the trades should last 4 times longer than on H1. So actually I think that the same ATR settings as on H1 will be fine.

About the 5x5, I'm not sure that would even need a translation to a 1.25x1.25. As the system is built on trend following and that trend is basically defined by the weekly trend, any TF needs to reflect the weekly trend in their trend-defining MA's, hence H1 = 240MA, 56TMA and H4 = 60MA, 14TMA. the 5x5 has nothing to do with the trend itself, instead it is simply a trigger.

As noted in the previous paragraph, imho, in the H4 TF, everything is basically multiplied by four. In particular, the distance and the time that a trade will last will be multiplied by four (on average) but consequently also the time between touching the TMA bands and the trade entry that is triggered by the crossover. If the trigger MA (the 5x5) is changed to something else, i.e. the '1.25x1.25' that would mean that we now take the trade much sooner (relatively with regards to the H1) as the 1.25MA is much closer to the PA. This would not make sense. I think whatever timeframe we take, the ratio average_pip_distance_between_TMA_boundary_touch and average_time_between_TMA_boundary_touch_and_MA_crossover should remain constant, and this can only happen if the crossover MA stays 5x5.

But I can be mistaken :-)

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
I have re-read 1st few pages of this thread and now has a better understanding of TMA, but thanks for taking your time & replying to my question.

Raindrop.

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Hey Greg - thanks for your earlier help ... I have a couple of things to report.

For whatever reason, when I began loading more charts w/ your template this a.m., the MA Fill magically appeared on the screen. I guess the file needed to ferment on my hard drive overnight (computers intuitively know of my intense dislike of toiling w/ the mechanics of chart setup - karma's a bitch, I guess

I was still having some trouble w/ the SwissArmyMixedhisto indicator - all the 'squares' were colored blue on any pair I tried. So, a search led me to this post:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...ostcount=20144

This was linked by MissPips via another post in which she stated some helper files were needed to be loaded in the 'Indicators' folder only (not on the charts). After installing the five additional indicators as found in the above linked post, the SAMh now functions properly (for anyone else reading, don't dl the earlier version of the SAMh provided in that post).

The training wheels are now bolted on, and its time to take this thing for a spin

Thanks again ... meph

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Thanks Meph. I look forward to seeing your trades. Let's get rolling and make changes if needed. My belief is that anything that can filter out the bad trades and assist you in staying in good trades to maximize profit is a good thing

Had a 44+ trade this morning on the Eur/Jpy. My goal is a mere 50 pips per day for a total of 250 for the week. Missing Tuesday killed me so I have less than 100 so far...gotta get busy.  - - Greg

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Hi

Is this what you were looking for instead of the HA candles?

It gives you 4 time frames of the ytg_DveMashki_ind_w_Signals indicator.

Maybe use it instaed of the SA indicator.

The four shown from top to bottom are Wk, Daily, 4Hr, and 1Hr.

If someone could tell me how to add the period Labels after each one I could do that.

The screen shot below is a 1Hr so it would match up with the last row of lights.

Also if anyone is interested I am using a sixth indicator that uses a fixed number of bars, so you don't have to have your screen size set to the right number of periods. I am using 150 bars at the present time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   ytg_DveMashki_ind_w_MTF_HIST.ex4

6 KB
|
256 downloads

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
I've been hoping for several months that someone would do this. Great job!

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
I may have found a small bug in the indicator causing it to give false readings at times. When you change between time frames the lights are then again correct. I have made a change in the code and am presently testing it, will repost when ready. For now, just change between time frames to check for the correct lights.

I should have tested it more before posting.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Hi Greg and All,

This is my first post here in FF. I have been lurking here for 3 months already trying to test strategy that fits my personality, from price actions of james16 thread to NB 4H counter trend strategy and now here in NB trend trading.

Forgive my ignorance (im a newbie) but I am not able to successfully paint a picture in the canvass with your "enhancement" of the NB strategy and hoping that you could create a noob-friendly Rules in trading your method.

I am able to setup the charts already but I am kinda lost as how to understand their meanings yet. I've read your well-thought explanation but I couldn't still lay the rules combined on a piece of paper.

Thank you so much and please bear with my English.

Regards,

karim

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Here are two indicators you can use if you like. The first is the ytg_DveMashki_ind_w_MTF_HIST_v2

which I believe I fixed the bug in, give it a try if you like.

The second is a modified sixths indicator. In this version you enter the number of bars back you would use in the H4 time frame (120) and when you change between different periods the sixths lines will stay the same and not change. You can also zoom in or out and they will remain the same.

Attached File(s)   ytg_DveMashki_ind_w_MTF_HIST_v2.ex4

8 KB
|
229 downloads

Attached File(s)   SIXTHS 5.3G.ex4

4 KB
|
257 downloads

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Hey Bob, if you're still looking in from time to time, I was wondering why you use a 5MA shift 5 on the H1 but a 8MA no shift on the H4?  I have been testing my own EA starting with the EurUsd and it showed a 3.5% gain from 1/1/11 to end of March, but when I started the test from 1/1/10 till March, it posted a total loss of 8%.  Perhaps some other currencies posted offsetting gains during that time but I haven't gotten that far; it's slow going.  I also wanted to try testing on different time frames, but want to understand your thoughts on the trigger MA period choice, so if I wanted to move up to the Daily or down to the 15 or 30.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Sorry, I've been missing of late. I've just not had the time to sit in front of my computer very much for the last week. In fact I'm thinking about attempting to trade the 4-hour chart because my time has been so limited and I keep missing 1-hour entries.

Karim.

Bob's entry rules are still the rules. The extra indicators act as filters just as indicators are supposed to do. The only extra "entry" rule I would add is that the mashki indi should be blue as it crosses the 5x5 on the rise and red as it crossed the 5x5 when it falls. That's the hard and fast rule I would add. The rest of the indicators are supposed to help you filter out so-so and low percentage trades.

For instance, if PA crosses the 5x5 going up but the following are also true:

1) TMA is sloping dramatically downward  -or-

2) TMA angle indi is dark blue headed down or red and headed down -or-

3) Swiss Army is showing all red -or-

4) It's extending above the top gold line of the sixths indicator

THEN

I'm going to think long and hard about entering that trade. These things don't signal trades...they tell you that you might want to stay out of the trade. But the absolute rules about entries from Bob are still the same.

I will tell you this however. I'm starting to believe that the actual slope of the TMA is very significant. If it's sloping down...then being bullish is very risky or will at the very least be a very short lived trade. I would never presume to change Bob's rules...he's the forex scholar around here but I'm thinking about including the slope of the actual TMA as a personal entry rule of mine. It might already and i've just forgotten or missed it.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Just to let you know I appreciate your comments and additions to the thread. 5 more weeks of working two  jobs and then I can be more active again, well after my son's wedding in June.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
The 8 MA smooth on the 4H chart is equivelant to the TMA line so I use it instead of the TMA on the 4H chart. My reads on the 4H are different than the 1 H. I getting some good candle rules off of the 8MA as my decision maker. More on that at a later date.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Thank you bob. I'm having a blast! Look forward to your return however. We need your expertise to make this work.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Okay. I've finally gotten into the game this week. Not a great start but a start nonetheless.

1. below the 240...so going short

2. didn't quite reach the top line of the TMA but fairly close

3. swiss army down on daily, 4hr, and 1hr

4. TMA slant is neutral

5. I also liked the angle on the PA cross of the 5x5

It moved over 40 pips but the spread was around 10. Would have stayed in but I'm exhausted and have to sleep. I think I'll start using the 1.0 take profit screen from now on.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
seller, check your private messages. - - Gregg

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
The TMA angle indicator, too me, is not as good as just evaluating the angle (or slope) of the actual TMA yourself. But I did find this indicator. The key seems to be the cross of the slow line and/or the zero line. When the fast crosses the slow right at the zero line this seems to be a very strong indicator. Also the fast line can also act as a filter if it doesn't cross. See the examples.

**** Also on another note do not use the swiss army mashki...there are some problems that seller9 is working out.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Try this version and see if it does what you want.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   ytg_DveMashki_ind_w_MTF_HIST_v3.ex4

9 KB
|
340 downloads

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Hi,

I was wondering if you have a final template version of Bobs 1.0 trend system. It looks great but I am confused which indicators are the final.

thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Bob's final version is on page 1. What you see in these last few pages are the "tinkerings" of myself and a few others and it's a work in progress.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Thanks Seller! I think that's it. I love being able to see this info on my screen. If trend is everything in this system...and it is... then this indicator tells us at a glance what the trend is on the other TF's. Thanks again.

On another note...this looks like it COULD be an entry soon.

1. Below the 240

2. TMA is sloping down

3. Upper TMA line has been hit.

4. 5x5 is above the middle TMA although not by much

5. CCI headed for the slow and zero line.

6. Both the HA & mashki Swiss army says trend is down.

7. Not to mention the dollar is so weak

I'll be watching this one.

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
I'm having trouble with the take profit blank. I'm running it as a template but it doesn't seem to be working. Also, entered the Usd/Chf trade. Up about 10 pips so far.

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Had to go so I closed this trade...thought it might get to previous lows or the bottom line of the sixths. I cant find a profit taking EA that I like so I just close them manually. Anyone have a favorite profit EA?

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
I currently using this with 15+3 protection system for 4 weeks.

However, I'm struggling should I stop using 15+3. As I get high win rate. But lose in terms of $$$

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Well this is just my opinion and I certainly don't mean to be negative about whoever wrote that program when I say that I would like something better. I don't like any arbitrary take profit or stop loss program that's just based on a certain number of pips. I think you have to let the chart tell you when to to enter AND exit. I have had a lot of winning trades that went positive by more than 15 then negative then positive by 40 or 50 pips....so I don't like it. Having said all that I might start using when I absolutely have to walk away for a few hours just because I don't see anything else worth using.

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Tired...needed to go to bed. Closed the trade. Soon as I did it went in my favor another 20 pips. I really need to find a TP & SL program if I'm going to continue to trade the 1-hour chart.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Positives...

High on the sixths.

Mashki has already turned red.

Resistance of the 240.

Top line of TMA penetrated.

5x5 is high above the middle TMA.

Separation from the BB.

CCI moving down on the slow and the zero line.

Swiss army histo's red on both weekly's.

Negatives...

TMA sloping up

Can't stay up for this...good night.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
There are lots of ways to manage your trades.  This system trades with the trend and that means that it will likely do best if you cut your losers off quickly and let your winners run.  The 15+3 system is almost guaranteed to choke off potential winners.

I tested this system in two ways that both seemed profitable.  The first was to take profit when price hit the opposite TMA band.  In those tests, there was no middle path:  it was either a full stop loss or a full take profit.  That did pretty well.

The other variation I tested would move to break even when price hit the opposite band.  Then the trade would close when price came back to the first band.  (On a long that means that the trade would close when price came back to the lowest TMA band.)  That method guarantees giving up a bunch of pips at the end of the trade, but ends up being more profitable overall.

Human nature tempts us to hold on to losing trades in the hope that they will come back to break even or better.  And it makes us dump trades that are profitable because we fear that they might turn into losers.  Both instincts are simply wrong, and they lead to failure for many traders.  The trick is to learn to be afraid of a losing trade getting worse, and to become hopeful that a winning trade will turn into a home run.  That's much easier to say that it is to do.

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
In my tests the conclusion was pretty simple. I would not recommend using the 15 +3 in a trend following system. It is really more useful in a counter trend system. The banks (I know the brokers get the blame) love to spike price to get the best spot for their trades in when they think price is going to move. This will take out SL and Moving SL and forces everyone to  jump in after them. Just good business for them.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
I personally dont think there is such a thing. Profit is really based on  the strength of the market move. If the market is just bouncing around  you take one kind of profit if the market is moving strong you take  another. Fundamentals determine your TP unless you are just taking daily  TPs. No EA can design in the market move based on fundamentals. The  only thing that would come close is a simple MA cross or some other  indicator that measures strength. When the market stops or slows down on  a move, you take the profit. I dont believe you can program that, an EA  does not do independent thinking. Just too many variables to make hard  rules. Wish I could answer that question better.

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
"Human nature tempts us to hold on to losing trades in the hope that they  will come back to break even or better.  And it makes us dump trades  that are profitable because we fear that they might turn into losers.   Both instincts are simply wrong, and they lead to failure for many  traders.  The trick is to learn to be afraid of a losing trade getting  worse, and to become hopeful that a winning trade will turn into a home  run.  That's much easier to say that it is to do."

Very well said...especially that last sentence. Successful trading hinges on moving from the saying to the doing. But there must be a point and click program out there that allows you, the trader, to evaluate the chart and then choose your own SL lines that chase PA and several TP lines based on High/Low's, Sixths lines, prior S/R, S/R lines, TMA lines, etc., that the market maker cannot see. Is there? Or is this just wishful thinking on my part?

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Hi,

It is a great system and I was testing a similar system. I need help with a simple MQL script. It is probably going to take only 3 lines of coding, but since I do not have much experience with Metatrader programming I cannot do it myself.

If someone please code a simple EA where script will generate an e-mail alert when center TMA line is above 240 EMA and price has crossed below the lower TMA band.

And it would generate an -email alert when 240 EMA is above center center TMA line and price has crossed above the upper TMA band.

I'd appreciate any hints or line of codes to achieve this.

Raindrop

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
This was a really good setup...everything was where it should with the exception that the TMA had a slight slope downward.When it closed beneath the 5x5 I was out for a 9 pip loss and the 7 pip spread for a total of a negative 16 pips.

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
The Swiss Army  indicate have the same color ,the color don't change !

who can help!

sorry for my poor English.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Hi Bob, hi everybody!

To Bob: I use a system really similar to yours, the main concept is the same, the only things that change are the tools (TMA True seems to be a good "band indicator").. and i never used EA for autotrading.

Yesterday evening (GMT+1) i saw two trades "by the rules": sh EURCHF and long NZDUSD.. i'm actually in, picture below.

Could you rate this trades?

In the night the mid TMA line on EURCHF went above the 240ma, in this case you close the trade or..?

As i say, i'm still in.

Last question: to open the trades yesterday i used your "bots" (what a confort ), you confirm that they won't place the stop loss even if i set it in the "input tab"?

Thanks for your time, sorry for the typos, english is not my mother language!

Saluti from Italy

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
ciao caro, non bisogna chiudere per forza...seguilo e basta...però ricordati che entrare in trade con il tma che converge verso la 240 non è mai sano!

in english for everyboy:

hi mate, u don't really have to close it just for this, just trail it and that's all, but remember to be carefull when the tma converge so rapidly to the 240ma!

ps di dove sei?

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Grazie mille!

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Closed the EURCHF@+22 (news coming, round number broken, last 30'hi passed).

Still on the NZDUSD, at +17 now by now.

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Hi Greglegrande, which indicator is it exactly, doubleCCI? Can you perhaps post the version (with inputs) that you are using?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Too bad i didn't take profit "by the rules" on the EURCHF, TP taken at the lower band, +60pips

Btw NZD still up, +27 now

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
NZD out at +50pips

Maybe a setup on USDCAD?

How do you manage it, with the risk of overweek gap?

[EDIT]

I fear form Monday gap.. did a little scalp from UC: 20 pips taken

The 5x5 Ma really works fine, i use to use a more aggressive approach, with 200ma as trend, Bollinger or Keltner as "band indicators" and CCI, with a 3x3 ema (but this was more of an indication, not a proper trigger), and i use to trade on only 5-6 pairs i like (mainly EU GU EJ)..

I traded this way with consistent results, but i am fairly new to forex markets.

This 5x5ma seems a more conservative approach, far far less trades, but good ones.. guess that is a must to setup a screen with a lot of pairs on, to keep up with the reduced trade number.

This will be weekend work

Goodbye and good weekend everyone!

[EDIT]

Just to say, +92 pips of profit (live) today, should be 130 if traded by the rules.

Seems that my method was right, but Nannigbob's tools are better

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Some brokers dont allow you to set a TP and SL at the time of the trade so you can use the MPTM to do that for you after the trade. Good luck

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Hello chye - I initially experienced the same problem. Go to my previous post, follow the provided link, and load the additional indicators as found at the bottom of her post. I hope that helps.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1159

Note: I would have hoped to provide some trade examples by now, but personal matters have necessitated moving my trading to the back burner for a bit. This system works - for me its only a matter of being at the screen at the right times, as I'm not comfortable using EA's as of yet. All things in time.

cheers ... meph

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Here of late my schedule has mandated that I set some trades and then walk away for hours. I would much rather monitor and execute my own exits but if I were to do that it would mean not trading for days at a time. My last four trades I have used an EA (Mauro Trailing EA) that allows me to set a SL & TP as well as a trail. I set the SL at 25 pips. The EA stopped me out at a loss every time. And then every time the trade went on to score at least 50+ pips with one going 80+.

This is my question....what is an appropriate SL on 1-hour chart trade? Apparently 25 pips is way too little. Please  help.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
It has been my observation and decision to set my SL based on a recent swing low just like Bob and Steve do.  It may seem that this would be wrong considering that many other traders do the same thing, but in the long run it seems to work out.  The decision for the trader is: how many pips below the swing low?

Also, if you set an arbitrary 25 pips, do you care if the ATR (100) for one currency pair is 14 and another is 50?  Shouldn't that help you decide where to set your SL?

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
As i manually backtested the system over the last year and more, i found that a "last-swing" SL with a minimum of 50pips works really really well on all major pairs, talking about 1h charts.

I had some trades stopped on GBPUSD (2 if i remember well from january 'till now), could be profit ones with a 65 points stop.. but this market is really volatile sometimes.

25pips in my opinion is a good stop for a 15mins chart, not for an hourly!

Never used ATR to set stop on forex, i used it on future indexes and with options with a fair result. Maybe i will try to forward test it, just to do it, but i'm a bit skeptical.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
I think this system is not about high hit ratio. It is better to loose more often but to use 50-70 persent of the swing stop. Very often this method catches nise runners that do not require big stop at all.

I personaly trade it with 70persent swing stop on both 1h and 4H chart. 4h with same indicators settings just a bigger stop.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Thanks to all who responded to my request for help. What a great website and thread! Got 40+ pips on two trades before I went to bed last night...set the mauro trailing EA... got up this morning to two successful trades.

Set my SL based on the most recent fractal (H/L), TP on my choice of resistance (both were longs), moved to BE after 25 pips with a trail of 15. It worked out. I would still love to see an EA where you can just click and drag lines on your chart preferably with layered TP's and that are all invisible to the broker (market maker).

Here's the EA I'm using if you're interested.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
I am relatively new to forex trading but traded options and stocks for close to 10 years. We know to trade those markets differently in the months of April & May since they are so lightly traded compared to the rest of the year... especially compared to Oct 15 - Mar 15 approximately.

DOES THE SAME HOLD TRUE FOR THE FX? Is there a yearly calendar indicating volumes of the forex market at various times of the year like there is for the other Markets?

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
FOREX is different than other markets.

1. Even though traders trade FOREX they are only a small part of the action. For example a pip is a hundredth of a penny. So if price moves a 100 pips that is a tenth of a penny. (some currencies of course the numbers are different) So when you see some traders getting all excited about a 4 or 500 pip move you are really talking tenths of a penny in real life.

2. FOREX is a place where businesses and governments exchange money for transactions and there are trillions of dollars moved every day. So Forex moves are really based on business being conducted that day. So despite the claims of follow the trend, that can be a misnomer because you dont know when Govt. A or Business C will give govt. B or Business D; X amount of billions of dollars and when they will cash that check. At any time the market can move for any crazy reason. So Forex will move more according to business and govt. transactions than when traders are trading. So some months that maybe quiet in the trading world can still be active during the Forex world and visa versa.

3. So What gets most traders excited, in the real world are just blips. Most businesses and govt. could care less about the market moving 400 pips or 4 tenths of a penny. Sure does get traders excited though. So is there a correlation? sometimes but it can change at any moment. There is an unpredictability factor in Forex trading that no Fundamental, News, or indicator trader can account for. That is what makes it both exciting and very dangerous to trade.

4. The buys and sells of the market cause the market to move in a jagged way. It leads to my basic philosophy of FOREX. What goes up must come down and what goes down must come up, there is no such thing as everybody doing business one way. In other words European govt. and businesses will cash USA checks and USA govt and businesses will cash Euro checks. AND no one can predict when those will happen.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Thank you bob for the quick response. I always enjoy reading your posts.

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
I am myself an option trader, but just forget about that when you trade FX.

The "option modus-operandi" will lead to disasters in forex, on those markets counts only the "here and now"!

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Little bitty trade last night before I went to bed. I used the Mauro Trailing EA and woke up this morning for a small 25 pip profit.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
3 out of 3 trades yesterday, today the market is offering a lot of opportunities, i'm actually on the AUDCAD and EURCAD, at -2 and +36.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Closed @+43 and -2.

Orders inserted on the other pairs, just waiting now.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Alone here?

All from USA, noone from the dear old EU?

I'm long on CHFJPY EURJPY AUDUSD, now at +17 -1 -6.. somebody else is in?

[EDIT]

I'm now @ +25 +34 +14, i didn't enter on UC and AJ (didn't like the PA on UC, and i don't wanna put too much meat on the fire!), but i'm ready to enter on both the EURAUD and the GBPUSD.

Good night to all!

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
One trade have just finished at tp. There were also a loosing trade just before it, but it was almost doable smaller 37pips while the winner 64 pips

Also yesterday there  very close to a setup but at that moment the red MA was not below the TMA, so the ea missed it. Well just OK.

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Something wrong with my charts (or yours): why on my chart the candles never touch the lower band today?

I have 14 points of difference between today's lower low and the lower band!

I am using the TrueTMA, with standard settings (3 multiplier 56 period).. any clue?

The opened trades are @ +25 +33 +43 now

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Multiplier 2 on mine

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Oh!

Have tried in the past to do something similar, but not with the TMA Bands.

Are you on live with "standard fire power", if i can ask that?

How the life goes with the false signals? How do you manage them?

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Yes it is live. I close the false ones at SL. I use 70persent of the swing stop. Seems to work. Also work on H4 time frame just less trades. Just you should know it is a short time experience and there is no guaranties for a bright future.  Thought the method  seems to me sound.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Ahahah, just LOVE that answer

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Hi,

I have downloaded TmaTrue.ex4 file from the thread. I want to edit the alert settings on the file but cannot use the ex4 file for this purpose.

Can someone please point me the direction from where I can get mq4 file for TrueTma indicator. I wouldn't mind if you send me a pm.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Hi raindrop - Quick search and you can find one here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=129

Incidentally you can make your own with this:

double TmaMiddle, TmaUpper, TmaLower;

TmaMiddle = iMA(NULL, 0, 56, 0, MODE_LWMA, PRICE_CLOSE, 0);

double range = iATR(NULL,0,100,10)*2.0;

TmaUpper  = TmaMiddle + range;

TmaLower  = TmaMiddle - range;

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Thank you. Your help is much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
I am fairly new to FF and actively experimenting with a few strategies and EA's from Bob and Steve, what a great community and thanks for sharing all the hard work, I will aspire to contribute myself in a positive way.

This particular strategy caught my attention last night, sort of fits in with my current style and risk tolerance, all looks easy in hind sight but promising non-the-less as a workable strategy. Studied and read through for a few hours, I have even printed out the excellent guide notes, a rare honour!

I plan to try this with a 3 lot strategy, 1 lot off to Null out the stop, risk free the first priority. Second lot off at an intermediate target, yet to be worked out, probably 50 pips (my daily target) and lock in profit. The last left to run, probably until Bob's exit criteria is hit.

To demo it is then, lets see if I can make this work

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Once one trade is opened by 5x5 EA(this EA is not removed sometimes when I am sleeping) is closed by MPTM,5x5 EA open the next trade when qualified. How to make 5x5 EA work only one time before I have time to remove it?

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
There is a true - false line in the code but I think the original EA was set to trade one time and quit. When you drag the EA on the screen go to inputs tab and check the safety feature box. If it is set on true then the EA is only suppose to trade one time and quit. Now if you ever turn MT4 off or change your time frame it will ask you if you want to continue to use this robot. If you click yes you have reset it to trade again. So make sure you have not reset the robot during a live trade but that is how it works.

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
I have added another safety feature to the Buy/Sell EA for thoses senior idiotic moments, still experimenting on demo and found that if I accidently placed a Sell on the chart where the price may be a 100 pips below the entry, it triggers for obvious reasons, conversly with Buy.

Therefore added a preset pip zone of say 5 pips below the line where the entry is valid, any more and no trigger. (above for Buy).

I suppose it may also help if you just miss a trade and fancy trying for a retrace close to the entry.

Same with the buy EA, have not fully tested in anger yet but here is what I added/changed:

Add:

extern double     SafetyBufferPips=5;

if(Digits == 2 || Digits == 3) SafetyBufferPips /=100;   //Yen

if(Digits == 4 || Digits == 5) SafetyBufferPips /=10000; //All others

approx line 188 Trigger test changed for Buy:

if(Bid > Var4 &&  Bid < (Var4 + SafetyBufferPips))

For Sell:

if(Bid < Var4 &&  Bid > (Var4 - SafetyBufferPips))

Belts and braces but as someone wrote, words to the effect of: "If something can happen in Forex and work against you, you can be sure it probably will"

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Hi everyone,

I wanted to add to an already awesome system something that really might be worth considering.

We use the location of the middle TMA line above or below the 240MA as the direction of the trend.

What I have noticed is that when the middle TMA line is changing direction to the upside above the 240MA for example we are still technically in a down trend. I have noticed that this period generally gives a lot of false signals and is an area of least probability.

What I have been doing as a test was to stop using the middle TMA as the trend indicator. I have replaced it with a Smoothed 48MA, Medium Price (HH/2).

And the idea is that when the 5MA is below the 48MA and the 48MA is below the 240MA we only go short.

When the trend starts to change to the upside for example and the 5MA is above the 48MA you can trade long but with caution since we are technically in a down trend.

Here is a chart, it almost looks too perfect. Notice the light blue line and how price just bounces of it.

Some food for though.

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Every time I see something that looks that good I get suspicious. The picture you post reminds me of the perfect examples I see in every ad for the ultimate trading system. Fortunately you are not selling anything. I think if you go back further on that chart and look at other charts for the past year or two you might not see so many perfect examples. On my EurJpy, just a few screens back, the 5MA is wandering back and forth over the 48MA so you don't know what to do.

I have an EA I've been working on for awhile now, and I added the first part (5 over 48, 48 over 240) but not the second, and it lost a considerable amount of profit in testing. I may try adding the second part when I have time.

What I have been using is, if the outer TMA line is within 1 ATR of the 240 and TMA is converging on 240, cut trades in half and if outer TMA crosses 240 while converging, no trades.

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Hi:

I downloaded the trend.zip file, when I tried to open it, a message popped up and said "Please insert the last disk of the Multi-Volume set and click OK to continue". I clicked on OK, but the mesage did not go away and file could not be opened. Anyone has any idea to fix it? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Following thread

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
That is exactly what goes through my head when I see trading systems. That example I posted was only to highlight that the 48MA seems to fit rather well on the 1H time frame.

Unfortunately with all things as you pointed out, it's not perfect so when there are periods the 5MA is criss crossing the 48 or even 240. To me that signals range bound or trend change so the most probable thing to do would be to avoid trading. When I see those charts I try and wait for a clearer trend and make sure HH and LL swings are also supported.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Can somebody please explain why the EA sells on the red arrow shown below ??

I needed to go away so I turned on the EA at the black arrow, I thought it was heading towards the red line and the EA would order the short after..

??

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Because that is what it is suppose to do. You put the sell EA on and it sold at the line. The arrows have absolutely nothing to do with the EA

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Haha, of course I placed those arrows there myself (afterwards).

I thought the EA would have some kind of range limit towards the outer bands..

Thanks for the answer and the great thread(s)!

P.s. When you're done with the double job situation could you please post some (live) trade entries again :-)?

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
So far this startegy is showing great promise, I usually trade GbpUsd and EurUsd. Positive pips so far despite choppy ranging conditions, keeping it tight with 15+3 . Another gotcha, I was stopped out for 3 pips and not 30. Obviously the 5 figure wally pip trap! I do like to standardise and not have to remember what size pips we are talking about, KISS. Also I modified for the case of activating the appropriate EA well above, below the line, trades only activate if within x pips of the trigger, see my post #1225.

Thanks again for sharing this, thought it may be useful to pass on the modifications for anyone who may be interested.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
NB,thank for your message. One more question. I found TMA often adjusts itself. For example,today I find bar&TMA&5X5MA position give  a very nice entry,but yesterday,they absolutely not. TMA seems to move 30 pips up.Or 5x5 moved down? Anyone is willing to give me a link to learn how TMA is calculated?

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
That is why it is called a moving average. It shows how price moves over a period of time. All indicators move because price moves. It is just not the TMA all indicators move. Moving Average.

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
The only thing that is constant with this TMA is the current bar.  Everything before that can change, unlike the TMA True (which is the same as a 56 LWMA) or a regular MA.  If you open the .mq4 file up using the Editor (F4) you can see what it's doing, but I still don't fully understand it.  Unlike a regular MA that doesn't recalculate the past, this TMA does.  I have watched the TMA move above the 240MA and then completely move below the 240MA so you would never have known it crossed over if you weren't watching it, or took a picture.  I was originally trying to use the angle, or direction, of the TMA to decide whether to take a trade, and ended up with nearly zero trades.

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
I am testing a TMA equivalent using MA based on the TMA on the 4H. The TMA on the 4H and the MA can match up very closely, then I multiply it by 4 to give me the equivalent at 1H. It doesnt match up with the 1H TMA as well but I think it will work better. The logic is testing sound but it changes things some. I am testing the idea now and so far so good. I want another week or two of testing before I put it on page 1. Once I established it then I set up the new trading parameters. I am very pleased with the results so far. It gives me one solid trade almost every day on a pair on a 1H chart and I dont have to monitor the trade all day to get what I want. However, the idea needs some adjusting for the more volatile pairs. Even though 2 weeks is my goal dont be surprised if my testing does take longer. I have the closing of my school and my son's wedding coming up the next 3 weeks but then I am home free to devote my time more fully.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Over the past couple of weeks I've been so busy I've had not time to trade...10-20 pips here and there on the smaller charts but I'm ready to get back to it. In order to trade that 1-hr chart I need an EA that takes profit when PA hits the opposite TMA band. I thought that I remembered there being one someone wrote??? If it could allow me to set my own stop-loss at the most recent high/low and walk away then even better.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Hi greglegrande,

here is an EA made for you (and others). Input are selfexplanatory (i hope). I didn't test it for correctness but should do what you expect.

Cheers

Mediator

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
I also found Steve Hopwood's Beastie EA. If I can figure out how to work it I think it lets you enter your own trade instead of it doing it for you and it then sets (again if I can figure it out) your S/L and the most recent H/L and takes profit at the opposite TMA line. I'm not very good at manipulating these EA's. I hope someone who has some experience with 'Beastie' can help if need be. I think it might be critical to the success of trading this 1-hour method of Bob's.

Steve's EA is found here...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...11#post4331411

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Mediator,

it is there a user guide or something explanatory (i.e. a forum) about this EA?

Thanks before hand

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
no, it isn't. simply open an order at desired signal. then put the EA on and suddenly if price penetrates the other outerband it will close the order.

the inputs are the same like the settings for TMA-Indicator.

there are no special things in it like trailing, breakeven and so on.

pure orderclose.

Cheers

Mediator

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
The Good

I should have the time over the next two months to trade quite frequently. Here's my trade last night. Had to go to a black screen so I could see (I'm pushing 50) and got rid of some indicators that Bob's method just did not need. Kept the SA mashki MTF because it's like a nipple for me (can't seem to let go) plus I think it is good to see what's going on on other TF's. Also added the LSMA line which when conditions are right allows you sometimes to enter the trade earlier making your stop loss lower and profit potential greater.

The Bad

The trade was good but I had to do everything manually. I could not get Steve H's 'beastie' EA to work when I entered the trade manually. So for my next trade I'll use Mediator's TMA close EA. If it placed a stop loss at the most recent swing high/low and were stealth it would be perfect. Mediator, is there anyway you can make that happen? Bob's method works beautifully but my inability to find a trade managing EA is robbing me of money.

At any rate here is the trade.

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Above is the trade I just entered. Here's my trade last night. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Had to leave the house for an extended period. Because of the lack of a simple trade manager that takes profit on the opposite TMA AND places a hidden stop at the previous H/L I felt the need to shut it down. Will probably miss some pips. Trade was break-even.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Good Show, thanks for posting some trades.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Here's one of two trades from last night. Setup was solid. TMA was flat. Bounced off the 240 which showed strong support. Touched the bottom TMA line. LSMA changed to blue. 5x5 crossed. Entered the trade and then switched on Mediator's TMA Band closer EA and woke up this morning to 70 pips in profit.

My other trade was U/C and its close to being closed for a 30-35 pip profit. I found that one a little late but once it blew past the middle TMA and 240 MA i pulled the trigger.

Thanks again Mediator for the great EA. It's so simple. I would like to encourage you to add the stop loss at the previous swing H/L and hidden feature if possible and I think coupled with Bob's system we have the perfect tool to make money.

The reason why is say this is as follows:

I back tested Bob's 1-hour over the weekend. When you enter trades based on his method and setup criteria and exercised a little judgement & instinct on your entries and then did nothing after your trade was opened EXCEPT to close it when it hit either your S/L or TP it tested out to a 72% win ratio with an average of about 10-15 trades per month and an average of 1,100 pips in profit. I did this test based on the previous 12 months and on the Eur/Usd pair only.  If you follow 6 pairs then your trade opportunities and pips per month I would imagine goes up. So would your loses... but still... it's all about the pips.

So please somebody somewhere update this TMA band closer.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Here's the other trade I talked about in my previous post. Closed it manually before news event plus I had to leave the house for a few hours. 21 pip profit. 70 pip profit from the first one up above.

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Setup was almost perfect. TMA falling. Resistance from the 240. TMA line had been touched. LSMA had turned red. Mashki had turned red. The 5x5 was close but not there. But if I get two out of the three and everything looks good then I will pull the trigger. Also, both the weekly and the daily were down according to the SwissArmy Indi.

After entry it backed up on me (they almost always do) but it did not take out my stop loss placed just above the previous swing high. Mediator's TMA Band Closer closed out the trade when it touched the bottom TMA. It doesn't look like it touched it...but it did. Remember the TMA does adjust some as PA continues to plot.    -- Greg

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
This is the 2nd of two trades I entered yesterday (the other is the previous post). Setup was not as good as the A/J trade but I thought it was still a trade...though I may have jumped a bit too early.

It had not only touched the upper TMA band but PA had extended far beyond the sixths indi. TMA was slanting downward. The LSMA had turned red and even though it doesn't show it the Mashki was red as well but turned back blue later on the bar. 5x5 was close but not there. The thing that was the difference for me was the PA extension past the sixths indi.

I got up 15 or so pips pretty quick when it started to back up. And it backed up a lot! BUT. And this is a BIG BUT... BUT it never stopped me out. PA never reached the previous Swing High and then started to go down in my direction.

Then I broke my own rule...out of necessity. It never reached the bottom TMA band...but it looked to be going back up and I was exhausted (haven't slept much since Saturday) so I closed the trade manually to sleep.

Now let me say yet again....I wouldn't have had to do that if I had an EA closer that could place a hidden stop at the previous Swing H/L added onto to Mediator's TMA band closer EA.

I'm going to keep bringing this up as I think it's key to Bob's system. The other EA's I have found are just too complicated and I think not only do way too much they also take away from the trading experience. Plus I believe with all my heart that the way to play this method is to enter based on the rules and then DO NOTHING... except wait for PA to either take out your stop or hit your TP. No one can sit there and watch a trade for that long...you must have an automated closer that does only those three things.... TMA TP line, stop loss at swing h/l line and hidden. Please I'm now begging....

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Here's the chart.

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
We had a storm come thru and have been without power since yesterday evening. Missed a few trades but missed absolutely nothing on this board. I can't  believe as well as Bob's method works that this thread has died. But dead it is. Perhaps most are trading his 4-hr method.

I may start a new thread and try and generate some interest in this 1-hr method if Bob is okay with that. If not I want to thank Bob for another great system. My trading time has been more limited that it ever has since I found it due to work, family, and traveling but my results have been stellar. Over the last few months I've been wildly profitable. And I owe that to a selfless person with a passion for trading. Thanks again Bob.  - - Greg

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Hey Greg,

I am having trouble getting the Swiss Army Histogram to function.  I followed the steps in the post before but it is still all one color.  Any ideas?  Also it seems like mt4 is bogged down when it loads.  Is there a setting to adjust on that?  Thanks.  I vote to keep your stuff here, we just need to get it to the top of the list more often.  Thanks.

DJ

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Swissarmy mtf or dvemashki mtf?

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Greg

The swissarmymixedhistov4.48 that is on the bottom (indicator window 2)  Thanks

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
DJ,

I don't use the swissarmyhisto anymore. I use the dvemashki swissarmy. It's the bottom window on my latest chart. You have to go to inputs and change them as follows...

period 1  = 60

eperiod 1type = 0

period 2 = 240

eperiod 2type = 0

period 3 = 1440

eperiod 3type = 0

period 4 = 10080

eperiod 4type = 0

also go to colors and make sure the color order is right

blue

red

blue

red

blue

red

blue

red

i use dark slate blue and maroon. Hope this solves the problem.

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Thx that did the trick

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
I say that because I'm not sure anyone reads the end of this post. But here are my two trades I did today. One bad. One good.

The Bad

The first shows my biggest weakness as a trader. This is so much fun for me when I sit down in front of my computer I feel like I HAVE TO TRADE. I don't know why I have this mentality. Walmart was open all day today and yet I didn't feel like I had to got there and buy something! Just because the market is open doesn't mean you have to trade. I think a traders skill is determined not by which trades he makes...but by which trades he does not make. Think on that for a while.

At any rate the first trade lost 34 pips. The setup was not good. I just wanted in a trade so bad that I didn't care. It had busted through the 240 to the upside. TMA was rising. Mashki MTF was up across all time-frames. The LSMA was red for a couple of bars but that was all. It turned back blue after it went up some more. Remember, all Moving Averages move. At any rate perhaps I will learn the lesson. Don't trade to just trade!

The Good

My second trade a little "iffy" as well. But it gained 61 pips in less than two hours. The setup was marginal...but again...that didn't matter because I wanted to trade! I have to mature and get past this. But it worked out.

The PA had gone from the bottom TMA to the top TMA and vice-verse two previous times before regardless of the 240 & TMA slant. I also thought the angle of the LSMA was very penetrating and worth the risk. It was also well extended beyond the bottom line of the sixths.

I didn't let the TMA band closer close the trade because I'm very tired and want to go to bed and felt the need to log the profit after the previous loss. Also it would have only given me an additional 10 pips.

By the way...still looking for an update to that TMA band closer.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Funny, I took the same AUD/USD trade as well & lost. lol. However I never received the alert for EUR/GBP setup, strange though.

How are you using sixth indicator in this setup BTW?

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
I lost on the A/U as well. That was a short play not a long. If the first arrow is red it indicates short. Blue for long. the second gold arrow is the close on both. All you you have to do is drag the trade from your account history onto the respective chart and it will put those up there for you automatically.

I won on the e/g. That was a long play.

I use the sixth indi as I do all other indi's... just another piece of the puzzle. Sometimes PA will hit it and bounce or show that PA is extended. Other times it will blow right through and move it steadily up or down. Other times PA won't be as close to it as you'd like but it still might be a trade if other indicators say that it is.

Hope that makes sense.    --Greg

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Perhaps this thread has not had much action because Bob has been too busy to post more than once in a while. It's like anything where a leader has followers and if the leader disappears, the followers drift off. Bob used to have time to post his trades and that kept people interested. It may pick up again when he's back.

Yes, Greg, you're right about the "have to trade" syndrome. This is just one of those learning steps to becoming a better trader. As new traders we think, "If I don't trade, I won't make any money" instead of "If I don't trade, I won't LOSE any money" because inevitably a new trader will lose money (I did for years), and if they are cursed with good luck and actually win early without knowing why, soon all that money will disappear. Early in my trading career I had $13,000 in my account (Futures) and by following another trader increased it to over $40K, and then very quickly saw it drop down, eventually below $13K because I didn't know how to hang on to it, or how to make it on my own. Now I never risk that much, ever.  I also had one successful trader tell me that successful trading should be boring and if you want excitement, go to Vegas.

I still watch this thread to see what others are doing. For me, living in California, I don't have the right time zone, or desire, to trade actively, which is why I've been working on my own EA. That way, I know exactly what it's supposed to do, and I will be able to run it while I'm asleep, during the London and early NY sessions. You can easily edit the EA you mentioned earlier by pressing the F4 key in MT4 and opening the file. If you highlight any term and press F1 it will bring up context specific help and you can go to mql4.com to learn more if you want. For a "hidden" SL you have to put an "IF" statement to see if price is greater or less than your hidden value and if so, close the trade. Don't forget to put a "fake" SL farther away in case you have another power outage.

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Thanks for the encouragement. Yes, I look forward to Bob's return. His work and research has benefited me more than anything I have ever studied in this field. I've worked at becoming a trader day and night for the past nine years. I don't know exactly who said but I feel that my "years of preparation have finally met a moment of opportunity". All this, combined with a personal epiphany, has resulted in peaceful successful trading.

I've traded Bob's method with few personal tweaks off and on but in  total about 2-3 weeks. The results have been well over 500 pips. I'm sold on this system. The only thing missing is the EA. Unfortunately I can't tell the difference between a line of code and a hole in the ground.

I'm looking at Steve Hopwood's Beastie EA but having trouble making it work like I want it to when manually opening my own trades. Any help would be appreciated. I'm scared to ask him. I'm afraid he'll somehow reach through the screen and give me a 3-stooges poke in the eyes and I'll never be able to trade again.

At any rate. Thanks for the encouragement. Much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Ok, your kind pleading has weakened me.  You don't want the Beastie, you want his NanningBob V1 Trend manual trading robot, which does exactly what you want.  I am including it here.  I am also including a .set file, zipped, with what I think your settings should be, but you need to check it.

Most of the settings you don't need to change, but make sure you understand what it's doing before you use it.  The settings about opening trades don't function unless you set AutoTrading to True.

Just open your trade, then drag this EA onto the charts, and load your preset before clicking OK.  (If you want to skip the second step you need to open the EA and edit the Extern lines at the top to the settings you want and then compile; it's not too hard.)  This EA will place a hidden (movable) SL line at a distance above/below the swing that you decide, and place a visible moving (also movable) TP line at the TMA, although if you leave the Move with TMA = true, it will always jump back to that.  I turned off the jumping stop and break even, although in my backtesting I found I actually made less if I did not use the break even.  Your choice.

The EA will not function again after the trade is closed until it is removed first.  Rinse and repeat.

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Thanks man. I'll take a look at it...and try it Sunday evening.

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
I follow 14 pairs... and have not seen what I'd call a solid trade since the Sunday open. We may have a ton of trades by the end of the week.

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Is there a setup approaching on aud/usd and eur/chf?  Any thoughts?  Thx

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Not by Bob's rules. PA above 240 not below. TMA still rising some. Plus all the higher TF's are in up trends. I do like the fact that it's high on the sixths...but that's it. That 240 and middle TMA looms as possible big support. But don't listen to me...I'm a hack.

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
High on the sixths. PA below 240 plus 240 looks as if it could be resistance. TMA is rising but looks to be turning over. Weekly TF still in a Mashki downtrend. It might bounce off the 240 and go back down????

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Hey Greg,

I am not able to have the thv info box change from chart to chart.  Do you know what I am doiung wrong?  Thanks for your response.  BTW if you don't mind me asking...what time of day do you look for trades?  I am having a hard time figuring out the when of forex and having a job too. Thanks again

DJ

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
DJ,

Not sure what you mean. The swiss arm dvemashki? I'll take a trade whenever there is a trade. I don't care what time of day it is. I don't think that's as important with higher TF's like the 1 hour and up. I experienced a computer crash on my trading computer and havn't got it up and running yet. This little notebook does not have my platform loaded on it. But I did do two trades last night.

+61 aud/something

-50 eur/chf

There were not any good trades sunday or monday. There are probably a lot right now and I've no computer to see them with. But, at any rate...look when ever and as much as you can. Enter, and then use a trade manager so you can walk away.

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Sorry Greg about your computer but this is what I was looking for, I found it on another thread.  Thanks.

DJ

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Great. I'm sorry I didn't know what you meant. That little box gives you a lot of info... I like it. Got in a trade last night once I got another computer up and running. Steve's manual trading robot got me out at the opposite TMA line just as advertised (thanks Eric) while I slept. I'll post the chart later tonight.

Eur/Usd +83 pips.

That gets me to 93 pips this week. I got 270 last week with a goal of 250 per week. So I've a long way to go but I just entered a trade a few seconds ago Aud/Nzd...big spread but my stop is just about 25 pips with a potential profit of 80+. I'll take a 3-1 potential profit/loss ratio any day of the week although it's turning against me at the moment.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
got stopped out (-21 pips). puts me back down to about 70+ pips for the week. waiting on eur/chf to setup. don't really see anythng else. missed the best day of trading when my computer crashed.... though I am doing well with this system... i have no luck at all.

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
here is the chart as promised... 83 pip win.

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Just entered a trade and as soon as I put steves manual trading robot on it closed the trade. i tried two more times and each time it closed the trade as soon as i put the robot on!!! could the broker be wise???

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
How can you blame the broker when the problem is caused when you turn the EA on？？ All EAs do is send signals to a broker that a trade should be opened or closed and then the software on the broker's end open or closes the trade. They have no idea what your software is doing they only know they are getting a trade signal. I believe Steve has in his PDF, depending one which one you are using, that the EA should not be used with other trades. If you have a live trade going open a 2nd chart for the EA and use it.

I have a question, Is it a misnomer to say a manual trading robot. Is there such a thing????

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Quote:

Originally Posted by greglegrande http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Just entered a trade and as soon as I put steves manual trading robot on it closed the trade. i tried two more times and each time it closed the trade as soon as i put the robot on!!! could the broker be wise???

I have to agree with Bob - before using an EA it is essential to understand what it can/can't do, will/won't do etc

I see so many posts regarding the use of EA's which are just plain wrong and only serve to confuse the hell out of people.

Just my $0.01 worth

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Mac,

It worked beautifully for a couple of days and then all of the sudden upon my next use, in the very same way, it closed the trade. It closes on the sell side and not the buy side. Strange. How 'bout a full lots worth of an idea on how to fix this?

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Bob,

As I've said before I'm a newbie as far as EA's and MT4 though I've been trading other entities for a long time so you'll have to excuse my ignorance. Your suggestion did not work. I opened a new chart, dragged the EA onto the new chart...and it closed within two seconds. Not sure why it worked for the first few days?

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Well the best person to ask then is Steve. Tell him which EA you are using and what it is doing and  send a private message to him. Right now I am not sure which EA you are even talking about. Also let him know which broker you are using. Just to enlighten you, an ea is nothing more than a computer program running on your computer. The broker only gets signals from the EA through the MT4 on your computer. They dont know what that software is doing. MT4 backroom software is designed for traditional trading methods. Some people claim that MT4 software at the broker end hunts stops or stops short of take profit lines. My trading systems try to thwart such activities but multi level trading. Anyway good luck and demo test that EA before going live.

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Thank you Bob. You are a true gentleman. I'll do that. Hope he doesn't he yell at me.

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Hi Bob have you seen this indicator or used it, when you stick it on the 1hr its very close to the 5ms shift 5

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
Thanks I will look at it. Ignore my message I will download it from here.

Ahh my first day of not teaching the little ones. Gonna enjoy it, slept till 11am, played baseball all afternoon, went to dinner with friends and had a burrito, (yes I can get a burrito in China, its a miracle of course) Finished the night watching the movie Thor, (yes in China it is already out on DVD and so is the new Pirate movie). Today I am going to sleep to 11, watch a movie, go get a massage for 2 hours for all my sore muscles from playing baseball. Guys you miss one of life's great treats, a personal massage from a trained therapist for less than 20 USD. When done every sore muscle is gone. See ya later, will work on Forex again starting Monday.

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
If you put a 12 MA EMA Median you almost get the same thing. If you put the 5MA shifted 2 they match up very closely. I like taking indicators and finding a similar MA and then I can code it. Thanks for the indicator. I like looking at indicators and seeing what makes them tick. I got intrigued by the TMA but as I use it I am slowly finding the similar MA that I can use for coding. For example I am close to finding out that a 4H MA closely resembles the 1H TMA center line. Now I can code a similar TMA for and EA using a MA on the 1H chart which I could not do in the past. Opens some possibilities for me. Notice the pic below it has all three lines on the screen from each one.

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
i think the EA sets 'Global Variables' you have to delete them before you put Steve's EAs on a Chart again. The Global Variables could be deleted/set if you go to menu in mt4 Tools -> Global Variables...

but be carefull, if you use another EAs and they use Global Vars too, don't delete them.

Regards

Mediator

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
I like the four hour development ... as well and would like to hear more...since I am planning on demoing this a bit. The entries are fairly simple to understand but take profit seems to be the thing that will cause psycho pain...especially if I get stopped out after it goes 50 pips. I am attracted to the set and forget nature of this. I'm thinking of using the MPTM to close part of the profit say 2/3 at 1R pips and let the rest run.

This is where maths and stats comes in I guess.

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Hi Nanningbob,

I'm too young to post you personnally.

So just wanted to thank you for this method.

I looked at it on 15min charts and it produces NUMEROUS signals every day.

I have :

- removed all the MM... and just wait for the price to touch the TMA

- set the target at the middle of the TMA (so win is half the TMA Width) => 20 to 40 pips per trade

- S/L 100pip on M15

I'm currently growing my live account between 100 and 300 pips a week

Mondays & Thusdays are always excellent, compared to Tuesday & Wednesday.

Kinds regards, be sure I will continue to follow your treads. Thanks for teaching how to fish ;=)

Klys_33

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Hi friends, especially Bob.

I see that there is not a lot of activity with this system from your side. I read all the manuals and went through the thread (although not really post-by-post).

The impression is that this is somehow still "experimental" with a lot of tweaks still ongoing.

Bob: do you have experience and "completed results" in trading it over these first months of 2011?

Second question: why haven't you imagined multilevel trading with this one? In Schlossenberg's article you include in the distribution of the other system, the author applies such kind of management to with-trend instead of counter-trend situations.

Thanks in advance.

BL

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Here are the best two. One was over 100+ pips and the other 70+ pips. The third was 40+ pips. As you can see these are very solid setups based on Bob's system. The only thing I've added is the LSMA which allows me to get in a little quicker sometimes thus minimizing my distance to my stop loss (swing h/l) and increasing my potential profit. I also still rely on the Dve Mashdi and the Dve Mashki Swiss indi.

I couldn't make Hopwood's EA work so I found another trade manager EA called Stealth_3. I have to set it up manually (type in the values) but it will work until I find something else better. This allows me to set the trade and walk away thus eliminating crippling emotions from killing the trade. Here are the charts....

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Your description of your "changes" is a little vague.

Do you pay any attention to whether the trade is with the trend or countertrend?

Which pairs are you trading?

If you hit a loss, price will be way outside the TMA; where do you re-enter for the next trade?

Do you move your target with the TMA or is it fixed where the middle TMA was at time of entry?

If moving, what do you do if you do not hit SL but the middle TMA moves past your entry so the trade will be a loss?

With up to a 5:1 W/L ratio required on your system just to break even, it sounds like scalping, though not as risky as some I have seen.  Hitting 3 or 4 losses in a row will erase quite a bit of profit (and it will happen eventually).

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Thanks for admitting that you haven't read all the posts.  If you had, you would have the answers to most if not all your questions and comments.  Please consider doing so.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Perhaps the reason why this board is so silent is because we're all trading Bob's highly effective system and are too busy making money to post??? This method is so simple and profitable I don't think it needs any more clarification.

Previous week = +240 pips

Last Week = +200 pips

This Week = +98 pips (so far)

I've had some losses that ARE reflected in the totals above but my win percentage is just over 70% and my win dollars are almost twice what my loss dollars are. That spells success over the long haul in anyone's vocabulary.

I do wonder however if perhaps this method has been appropriately named. It seems to be more conducive to range trading and not trend trading. My losses seem to come when PA moves in one direction and then retraces only a very small amount but enough to penetrate the 5x5 and trigger an entry only to see PA continue its dramatic move in the same direction.

Maybe Bob's 4-hr version of this method is more likely to catch the trend and the 1-hr more of a range trading system. Am I way off base here? Maybe. On the other hand perhaps it would help if we were to find an indicator of some type that might filter out that particular scenario. Yes? No?

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
Oh! there are also some "motivating" replies sometimes in this thread! Thank you very much.

To eric: sorry, perhaps you thought I was somehow lazy... I'm just a very busy full-time-job guy. I'm at about 50% of the thread because I can dedicate just few hours to this study. In the middle I switched to Steve's EA and had some dismal results in backtesting. Then I thought Steve's bot was not "exactely" what I would have traded with this system. I therefore built mine, and came to the same conclusions greg is presenting here: wonderful for ranges, terrible in trend changes.

And therefore... went on also with other ideas.

You know, I'm lazy.

I can make still some tweaks to my EA for this system, anyway.

Greg, congratulations for the results. Those are with the H1 system, do I understand correctly?

Bye

BL

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
I wish more people would post their successes. That would help keep the thread moving. I am working on an upgrade called 10.0 which I think will help define the trend better as to when it starts and when it stops. I think the reads will be better. Writing the booklet on it now. I will be posting the range trading part first and then work on the trend trading part. Anyways thanks for the good report.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
All of my trades are with the one hour method with a few little tweaks to better fit my eye. I have started tinkering with the 4hr but after reading Bob's post above...if Bob Nanning says he's found something better....THEN I'M GOING TO WAIT ON IT!

IMHO the EA to use from Steve to trade this method is the nanningbob V1 trend auto trading robot. Use the Swing H/L stop loss and the TMA take profit. Put the convergence filter to true and turn everything else off and try that. Please let us know if you backtest it or demo test it.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
I have to post this. I can't tell you how pumped I am that Bob is seeking to better this already solid 1 hour method. And I think the chart of my very last trade will explain as to why I am.

This trade went for about a 100 pip profit. But as you can see in the up move before the down move, that I actually traded, it broke out of its range and went for about a 150 pip move. The red arrow is actually where the top TMA line was at the time. It retraced and penetrated the 5x5, the mashki tuned red, the LSMA had also turned from blue up to red down. That's a trade right? Nope. It went on to break forcefully through what would have been the stop loss by 70+ pips.

The blue arrow shows how a trend change can rob you of profits as well. The way I trade this method is to sell at the opposite TMA band. This ensures me of getting the chunk in the middle. However, in this case my chunk in the middle was way too much middle! Once again PA broke out of its trading range and went for another 85 pips. Thats a lot of money left on the table.

To hear that Bob is addressing these issues is music to my ears. I can only imagine just how much more powerful this method will become when both market possibilities are taken into account. http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
I have not traded a 15 minute chart in such a long time that I dont even know what one looks like. Basically a 15M chart will give you what is happening during a 4H session. So if you believe that a trend will carry during a 4H session you usually can do well trading there. I simply dont have time to watch a 15M chart so I dont trade it. I sometimes use it to close out a profitable trade but that is it. Good luck. As long as a pair is ranging well you probably will have good success with a 15M chart but once price goes crazy it makes it more difficult.

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Hi Greg

Your trading method sounds interesting and profitable.

Could you attach your last template and indicators?

And please explain a little more about your strategy.

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Hey, I will but it's no different than bob's system with a different PA overlay and a couple of extra indicators. One (LSMA) as a filter and the Swiss Army to see whats happening on the bigger TF's. That's it.

I also like the chaserL sixths just to get an idea of S/R lines.

I call the template "rocket pop" because the LSMA looks like the popcicles we used to eat as kids here in the states.

The LSMA and Mashki can filter out some bad trades but only rarely. If it penetrates bob's 5x5 but the LSMA is still the opposing color or the mashki is the opposing color then be cautious. I didn't say 'don't trade' I said be cautious.

Please remember...bob's system doesn't really need my 'add-ons'. They are there because they appeal to ME and keep my emotion in check.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Thanks Greg

As you said, the concept of your strategy and NB1.0 system is the same. I think the best part of your system is LSMA indicator. This indicator works wonderful as a filter.

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
dear nanningbob,

thanks for every thing.your works are excellent.thank you for sharing.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
I have had some free time lately and have noticed greglegrande pleading for a TMA take profit and a last swing high/low stoploss EA. You have been posting and keeping this thread alive so thought I'd do my bit as well and help out a bit. This might be useful for others as well.

Enjoy!

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
I cannot tell how much I appreciate it. I will try it out this week. I am still trading bob's system but have gone to the 4-hour. BUT I still use the TMA profit taking method and I still use the swing l/h stop loss method. You sir just made my life a lot easier. I have not posted trades because no one seems to be here anymore but suffice it to say bob's method(s) still work!  - - Greg

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Unless I post my trades every day, everyone just busy trading. Posting takes a lot of time and work and unfortunately I have not had a lot of time for posting. My live trades are being done in the 60x90 thread right now because I am using my range EA and testing it live. I also am working on the 10.0 trend section and have my first working EA. Needs some bugs worked out so will take some time yet. But I like it when others post trades because it shows people can learn and make money with this.

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
My pleasure, let me know if there are any bugs. I use it myself, and am thinking of adding the ability to open a buy order when it crosses the 5x5 for those set and forget moments.

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
I can't find currencies to trade this week. Last week, I only found ERUCAD at sell,but hit the 40-pip stop loss. I have traded with this system in live account for 2 months. The earning performance is not good. Trading time is ~40, but earning pips is ~50. Greglegrande,would you like to post what you were trading in order to help me make sense how to use NB trend 1.0 system?Thanks

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Little bit of a reach since the TMA was sloping down and the 240MA was looming large as an obstacle but I really wanted to try out NONFICTION'S INCREDIBLE NB 1.0 TREND TRADER MANAGER so I did force it a little but it worked out and the best part of it was I entered and walked away...came back to a 68 pip profit 12 hours later. I highly recommend that you use nonfiction's trade manager. It takes all the emotion out of your trading. Enter...set it....and for heaven's sake...WALK AWAY!

On another note bioinfor...you're correct there have not been a lot of trades as the market has been rather choppy. But you can almost always find one or two setups per week. And if you can't.... THEN DON'T TRADE.

I'm happy to answer any questions but remember....Bob is the master of this thread and Steve Hopwood is his crazy genius uncle who spends every waking moment in his garage working on inventions to conquer the forex world! (evil laugh inserted here).

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
greglegrande,

thank you so much. I will test nonfiction's trade manager right after I go home. And I will try to find why I miss EURJPY posted by you. How did you setup stoploss and profit-taking? Some of my trades lost money because of just hitting stop loss.

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
I used nonfictions default settings. TP is always the same...far TMA line. Stop loss should be at least 50 pips which is default for NF trade manager... but h/l plus 20 is probably better...also default. Id leave everything default. I think its perfect just the way it is.

e/j trade was 1 hour by the way.

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Just to let you guys know that I have been working on 10.0 I am stuck on a programming problem for now so am spending time trying to make it work. So just checking in and letting you know.

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
OK here is the bare bones of 10.0 trending system. I have more coming in the future but before I get too deep I wanted the basic part posted and tested. Good luck and I will try to post some trades and examples during the week.

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
What a fantastic read.

Will definitely be using this

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Very well done! Thanks

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
I marvel at your forex intellect sir. I have been gone for over a week in a place without internet access so I have not traded and perhaps that's a good thing. I now will trade ONLY after I have taken by daily read from the 10.0.... starting tomorrow! Thank you so much for taking the time to educate us on this. I have never met anyone that delighted in the sharing of information as much as you do. It truly speaks to your character. I am scheduled to go to china in 2012 and hope that I can arrange a meeting with you. - - Greg

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
Well, come to Nanning (about an hours flight from HK just north of the Vietnamese border) be happy to have you. We rent a 5 bedroom apt. so we have plenty of space to stay. Hey free accommodations. Come visit my little school and see what is happening in this quiet part of the world. Almost all the food is fresh from the local farmers so you can get away from all that processed American food. LOL. Anyway welcome.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Hello Bob,

thank you for your hard work and the experiences you share for us for free.

i have a couple of questions:

we define an downtrend if open & high & low is below the blue line and blue line is below red line in the daily chart.

from this time we trade only short.

if now the high touches DURING the day the blue line, did we stop trading short signals, closing open short positions and take CTR signals to trade? or did we wait until the new candle form? what i mean is: is the setup-candle the actual day- or the previous closed daycandle?

the same question is for CTR trading. the definition is: if the high is on one side of blue line and the low is on the other side of blue line, right?

what is, if high and low are between blue and red line? is it also a CTR-Time?

thanks for advice

regards

Mediator

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
As far as range trading for some reason when that line is broken price seems to range for a while or reverse. Yes when price is between the lines it is also ranging but I have a breakout EA also for that scenario. (Havent published it yet) In other words when price is between the red or blue line it enters if price goes up or down past a line. Can use it to reenter a trend or start with the new one. So in that case you have two options to use CTR or Breakout (testing now to make sure it works).

There is one candle #2 but it never breaks the previous low even though it didnt touch the line. I would not trend trade at that point but wait for the break.

The #1 candle is a Sunday candle and you dont bother with those.

When it touches a line you will want to close out your sell positions but you want to try to find your best exit. Since this is a signal that price may range you may have several days to find your best exit. However, if it is a reversal you will want to definitely be out by the time it crosses the red line. Reversals are rarely V shaped, in other words just reverse and go up without any retracements. If price does that it is usually caused by an unexpected news story or a major interference from a major bank or government. Either way I have practiced trying to counter trade trend but found it futile and dangerous once price took off past the red line. For example the GBP/CAD if you have a sell and it is at the pink line. If you stay with the trade after the pink line you could face some really major DD.

See pic below. As you can see price has just broken above the line Friday so Monday I would play the CTR or look for price to break the previous high candle. If it does break the previous high then go with the trend.

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Thanks a lot, can't wait to go through it!!!

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Thanks for answering my question, but from your picture you posted i'm not clever than before. Sorry.

i attached a picture of the same pair and TF with the definitions i understood it in comparison with your documents.

my main question is, if a trend ends when the high touches/breaks the blue line at the day while the candle forms.

1. At the open of the candle marked with '1.CTR' i trade only CTR because the Upcandle the day before has high above and low below blue line. In the 4h TF it will trigger a sell trade and later at the next day a long trade. both are perfect trades.

2. At the marked white Upcandle i'm in Trendmode because the day before the downcandle did not touching the blue line wether with High nor with the Open above blue line. But it think this leads to a loss and a very late entry.

3. This are also perfect CTR trades inside and at 4. a very nice trendtrade.

6. A very hugh nice Trendtrade.

Did i understand this like it should be?

Another thing i recognize while switching between the timeframes forth and back with hindsight to the daily TF is, that for example at No. 3 where a SHORT-CTR occur at the 4h TF, later it developed to a SHORT-Trendtrade.

I think if this scenario happens it could be better to not close the SHORT-CTR because of continuation with trend. this could lead to a Always-In-The-Market-Strategy. But time will tell with more experience in the future.

Thanks for that

Kind Regards

Mediator

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
OK lets look at what is happening. From testing I like what CTR does on the 1H chart. I will be comparing it with the 4H CTR this week. But I am testing 1H now so let me compare with what is happening so you can understand the basics. This is from 6-13 to 6-21 Range period. 5 CTR trades happen.

Pink Arrow #1 would be a loser unless you were willing to ride it out for 24 hours. #2 would have been profitable #3, #4, #5, would have been profitable especially if you use the MPTM with #5. #3 and #4 would have had several trades going here depending on the 20+10 MTPM and how it closed trades during this time. The issue is the 6-13 candle touched the line so then we would turn on the CTR buy EA. On 6-14 it would have taken its first trade.

That is one option. See pic below

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Now on 6-22 you have a change from Range Trading RT to Down Trend DT. Now unles you have an immediate signal this is happening you will find yourself in a bad trade. So the pink line is the last Swing Low on the daily chart. You would close the CTR buy and immediately go with the trend trade and so a sell just below the pink line. Someone is going to be able to code this but I cant. That is how you get back into the DT. That is using the 1H CTR

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
The 2nd option for the 613 to 6 21 period, I will offer when price hits the line is the break out EA that works off of the Daily chart. If price is between the lines then you turn on the BO (breakout EA) It also does several trades. The two pink checks the MPTM would have given you minimum +10 trades. However, the trades breaking south of the blue line would have been real beauties giving you several days of good trades. Trade marked #3 would have been a buy but you would have needed to  stop that trade out and then #4 bingo. Both of these options  1. Using CTR or 2. using BO would have been profitable and both would have needed disciplined SL. But the use of using these EAs would have been decided when the high on the white candle touched the blue line. When to best use either EA will only come from use and experience. Neither of which I have right now. We go from theory to practice. Maybe the BO EA can be broken into Sell only or Buy only and then we take our best guess on which way we think price will go.

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
#6 in your example would be a beauty using the BO ea but not so good using CTR. #2 and #3 would be solid CTR trades but not so hot with BO. Be nice to know the future huh??

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Now look at the 6-24 to 6-28 CTR trades. They are solid winners especially the first one.

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Dilemma trade. If you are using BO EA you are sitting good. If you are using CTR you have a long way until until the last swing low. So ............ If there is a great distance to the Swing Low use the BO EA. Other wise you will be fighting the trend

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Here is the CTR BUY you can see that the MPTM will save you on some of this but not all and there are a couple of nice trades here but CTR is going to be tough.

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
One last thing. I am thinking of when we turn on CTR we trade both buys and sells. That is a very dynamic EA and it would be another way of trading back into the trend. That would add two more trades (green arrows) to your profits.  EGADS so many choices. What is a person to do???

Another thing i recognize while switching between the timeframes forth  and back with hindsight to the daily TF is, that for example at No. 3  where a SHORT-CTR occur at the 4h TF, later it developed to a  SHORT-Trendtrade. I think if this scenario happens it could be better to not close the  SHORT-CTR because of continuation with trend. this could lead to a  Always-In-The-Market-Strategy. But time will tell with more experience  in the future.

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Now you can go back and use the 4H CTR and study the thing all over again. This is what I do and how I come up with this stuff. I am taking a break.

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
The future looks  pretty bright  with this system Bob,  you better put on your shades !!

I tried the latest CTR version on Friday made 86 pips on just 2 pairs on H4 and thats after closing out all positions .

I will run all pairs on H1 and H4 this week and see how they compare.

Thanks for all your hardwork Bob, your a star..

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Check your daily chart with the pairs traded and see if the Daily was telling you it was ranging or trending. CTR probably will not do well in strong trending markets but will do very well in ranging or slow trending markets.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
why would at this day a change from range to trend. the candle at 6-11 is a CTR candle because high is above and low below the blue line? you could not know in the future at the open of that candle at 6-22 form to a Trendcandle?

or do you switch to trend because the low at 6-11 was broken down?

thanks a lot

Mediator

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
sorry for asking all the questions, but i'd like to write an EA where all defintions for CTR and Trend-Trading is included.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
That is why you also need to use a previous support line. It is a standard breakout read. I know there will be occasional fake-outs but if you wait for a candle to complete before your enter maybe the move will be done. I needed more to my definition than just one clear candle in certain situations. You need a point to end your CTR trades or you can end up losing much of what you earn or missing the continuation of the trend. I am hoping 10.0 more than anything will help you see and understand price action better so you can make better decisions. Obviously when that previous low gets broke you are back in the trend again. As time goes on we may come to a conclusion like during range time if the majority of a candle body is below the blue and red lines then we can still expect further DT or we may learn when we see rejection at the red line DT will continue. At this point I have not seen enough to  come to that conclusion but it looks like those maybe good rules. Just some thoughts for now.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Well, I know people have tried that in the past but I dont know if such a thing can be had. The one thing you can do that an EA cant is think. We can process variables that an EA cant. That is why I really dont believe there are out of box never have to touch EAs. They cant read the news. One of the things people criticize my systems are lack of TP rules. Well that is because TP rules can change from day to day. One day the market fluctuates so bigger TP are possible another it is just a dead day so smaller TP are needed. Anyway it may be possible to code a basic EA and then you only interfere when the market does something outside the range of the EA.

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
I must run all the EA's in one time to work?

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
just a test by combining the BUY and SELL EA and small modifications to make it work. no SL and TP were used in backtest.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

and the complete test report:  Attached File(s)   StrategyTester.zip

10 KB
|
370 downloads

and the EA:  Attached File(s)   10.0 DAILY BUY - Ido EA.mq4

7 KB
|
405 downloads

(Source) and  Attached File(s)   10.0 DAILY BUY - Ido EA.ex4

8 KB
|
395 downloads

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
Go back and read the manual again.

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
I have found out that my profit trades are a higher percentage than my losers when I manually intervene at key times, however, I also know my profit per trade is lower because I hate to see a profit disappear.

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
With the news of debt ceiling all week and if  there is no resolution soon you probably will not want to be in the   markets by the end of the week. I would start winding down trades at  some point because there is no telling how the markets will react. In  2008 when the banks crashed you would figure that would be bad for the  dollar but it shot up 20-50% against many currencies. If the US goes  into default dont ask me how the markets will because I dont know but  you probably would not want to be in them. However, I will take the  crosses with the trend trades in my 10.0 system and see what happens.

2. This also could make any testing useless because you will not be  reading normal market results. Anyways counter trading in a heavy super  news market can be an exercise in futility. Following the trend would be  very very good. Get ready for an interesting week.

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Dear NanBob,first of all I want to thank you for your precious time and thoughts for generating a strategy and sharing with us on this site...

I want to clear and summarize some topics, if you find me wrong on some places please correct..

1) I need to check the trend by using daily chart with base 10.0 template and look for UT ,DT or CTR

2) I change my chart to 1H for UT ,DT conditions and use 10.0 DAILY BUY EA (for UT) and 10.0 DAILY SELL EA (for DT) on this 1H chart (not the daily chart)

3) If the condition is CTR; I change my chart to 4H thus 10.0 NB CTR BUY and 10.0 NB CTR SELL designed for 4H and attach the suitable 10.0 NB CTR EA to the this 4H chart.(not the daily chart)

Is all ok ?

thanks again...

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Yes that is how I set up the demo but I am probably going to change the CTR  to a 1H also. It is just working better there than the 4H for now. However, this has just been a short period of testing time I cant make a definite answer yet. I also keep my chart most of the time on the Daily since the EAs will work the 1H chart. It is easy to miss an in day read of the daily if you keep focused on a lower chart.

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Why do you need to look daily chart once you get the condition (UT,DT,CTR) at midnight (close of the daily bar) ?

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Thanks bob for this wonderful framework, I was looking around the thread but could not locate the CTR EAs. Can you advise.

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
Here is where they are
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...42#post4789542

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
thanks chef51 very much

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
I am finding it easier to keep my read, but that is a personal preference. I missed some changes because I wasnt watching.

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
i've been a very naughty boy and used the system on my $1M demo account trading 1.0 lots. Attached are the results.

As you can see, the system does have legs (in a ranging market ofcourse).

Regards

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Still trading... making money... thanks bob.

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
I think I have 10.0 trending ready to go and will have it posted this weekend. Looks good.

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Awesome news can't wait to see it in action.  However I am still raking in pips with the current system as you have put it forward.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
A big thanks Bob, the V10 framework you have already given is amazing!  Better be careful about how well you teach us all to fish - we don't want to endanger any species

GG

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
I am waiting, rubbing my hands together in anticipation of something great !

Thank you from the bottom of my heart for sharing your Ideas with us.

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
for Bobs new threads system 10.0 please go to:

for counter tradaing
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=308311

for range trading
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=308310

for trend trading
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=308304

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Thanks for the short explaining. It looked too complicated to me and i was lazy to read the whole maual   .

This V1 helped me alot to learn about FX. V10 is a little strange for me yet. I hope i can get used to it  .

Thanks Bob for these great works

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
HEY BOBBY.   When can we expect that "Recovery" Booklet of yours to hit the shelves?

Do you plan on selling it and becoming a commercial member? Well I will be watching closely. Please feel free to send me a copy so I can critique for you.

Or if you need some help in editing it.

Bluesteele

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
You dont have to go to the daily chart for the daily buy or sell. They take their trades off of those lines on the daily chart. You can us the 1H CTR on the 1H chart to reenter the trend. I mainly use 1H CTR in my range trading and 4H CTR in counter and range trading but both were designed to reenter the trend. What I like though about the S/R is you can get in without waiting for a major retrace. I will try to talk more about that later. Again the OI, IO EAs are used from reads on the Daily chart. The IO EA was broken up into a Daily BUy and a Daily SELL EA. In other words they are the same as the IO EA but will only do a buy or sell. The IO EA will do both buy or sell depending on which direction price action goes.

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
HUH...

Whatcha smokin Bobbsy?  Do you want to translate that. Sounds like chinese to me?

Wheres the recovery booklet?  Hows the challenge going?

How's life in China? Everything OK over there. I see you had a problem the other day.

Maybe we can get together when I am over in Nanning for business ?

I could walk you thru a beagle trading session.  Whatcha think?

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Hello bob.  Hope all is well.  You're coming out with a book?

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
I wouldnt say a book just going to compile my recovery system into one source, right now it is scattered throughout my threads but needs to be in one spot so people can get a comprehensive view of the entire system and how it works.

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
I see. Well I wish you good luck. We may a difference in philosophy and strategy but we are both fighting the same war. Hopefully one day we will both be celebrating victory!

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
To me securing percentage of increase on the account is the key. Once the money is in the bank you gotta keep it there. Compound interest makes money over time and that is a good direction to go. I see the SL thread is having their snickering party but that is they way they are. They keep focusing on small parts and missing the bigger picture. I popped a thousand on the gbp/chf but chf/jpy went the wrong way. I pocketed the gbp/chf and brought the chf/jpy back to 0. I did not lose one penny to a stop loss or a bad trade. I kept it all. Hasnt dawned on them yet.

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Yea but bob here's part of our disagreement... when you are hellbent on recovering the loss from a pair, isn't it better to forget the loss and carry on trading the best opportunites across all pairs? Essentially you are looking to gain profit so what difference is it whether you call it recovery or not? Instead of getting glued and obsessed with recovery, you should just trade the markets and the best opportunities in them. If anything, trying so hard to recover might press you into making even more mistakes.

And that's not even our biggest disagreement of which is not using a stop. If you use a stop you should never have to recover from severe drawdown. Of course you have to know how to trade otherwise you will hit stops frequently which will drain the account same as no stop. However, the point is learn to trade with a stop and you will increase the magnitude and frequency of your compounding which grows the account exponentially faster than your long drawdown and recovery method. Yes you may still make a good sum after many years, but at a much slower pace which will ultimately lead to less jackpot in the end and at a higher risk. Knowing how to trade with a stop dramatically lowers risk while increasing income. Your method doesn't allow for increasing position size without taking on exponentially greater risk. Think about it bob. Free your mind bob.

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
But I am doing that. I have trades going on all over the place on many different pairs with different trading styles. My trading is diversified. Diversification is a valid form of investment, in fact it is highly recommended and protects you from risk. I do not accept the one in one out philosophy of trading Forex. It is one of the main reasons traders lose money. While you keep focusing on the one or two trades I maybe recovering on I keep pocketing 5-15 profit trades every day. Over a week, over a month, over a year they just keep piling up. I am amazed that you think something that keeps making 10% a month as a consistent average is stupid especially in a world where very few make that kind of return on a an investment. My mind is free that is why my method is so contrarian to accepted standards of belief. If you really understood what I was doing you would see:

1. I have very little risk

2. My reward is very solid.

3. The system is consistent throughout the years.

4. What goes up will always come down and what goes down will always come up. It has too because that is the business works. There is no such thing as money always flowing in one direction.

5. Recovery is not difficult. It is knowing where and when to do it. It is a trading skill, it is really is. A simple one actually if you get it.

You think I am straining over a computer fretting about some trade. The fact is I go to bed at the beginning of the USA session every night. I wake up and bingo profit, pocket, set my trades for the day and off to work. I work until I get home about the middle of the EURO session. I do check during my morning break during the jpy session, pocket my profits, set my trades for the USA session then go out and enjoy my evening. No staring at screens waiting for setups, no long periods of analyzing or reading. Just read the Daily chart, set my trades and go. Dang it doesnt get any easier than that.  Sheeeeesh.

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
bob, first your assumption that I do one trade at a time is incorrect. On many occasions I have several trades within the same pair and sometimes across multiple pairs. If I'm on a hot streak, you can be sure I have a boat load going simultaneously. Sure I break down risk a little more but I'm not sitting in front of my computer waiting to get one in and one out. Maybe you confused me with someone else. ???

Also bob, once again, please understand that I am not saying your method doesn't work for you. What I'm saying is there is a better way. A way with greater reward potential for less risk. You can try to convince me all you want that your method is great, but I know you can do better. It's like you're using the heel of your shoe to hammer a nail. You whack at it over and over again. After 100 whacks finally the nail is flush in. Yes it worked, but guess what... I have a hammer. With that hammer it takes me 3 whacks what took you 100 whacks. And my shoe doesn't have a hole in it.

Lastly bob, let's not keep going over this again and again... you're 10% a month is misleading. You are trading with a small account. So $100 a month might be 10% but that doesn't make you a great trader. Try averaging 10%/month on a $100,000 account using your method. You can't. It will blow up like a watermelon stuffed with dynamite. Have a good day/night bob.

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Sorry, we keep going over this again and again. Yes I can understand you having more than one trade etc. Yes, I know there are guys who do better than 10%. If I traded 100K I would yes smaller figures and go  for 5% a month instead that is true. That would mean I would have to lose close to 100,000 pips to lose my account. Dang, a monkey hitting sell and buy keys randomly couldn't do that. I am a teacher, I teach normal people with numbers and figures they understand and comprehend. It gives people hope that I can take 1000 dollars and double it to 2000 then to ............... and so on. I sell hope. I do the one thing that you (and maybe not you as an individual), I show people live day by day, it can be done. There arent but a handful of people that do that. I dont know anyone that posts and shows people, hey I lost money the last two weeks in trading but I am still averaging 10% a month for the last three months. They have seen my trades, my ups, my downs. I dont see anyone else doing that. Talking is cheap. I dare any of these guys to open a thread and trade live online every day like I do for a full year. They wont do it because they really are blowing smoke. JBSMART ran after one genuine professional trader_called him out. He got his excuse to go run and hide. All talkie talkie, no walkie walkie. That is what the Chinese call it here in China. Open a thread and prove it, but knock off the talk until you do.

I dont mean to be harsh to you as a person, but I am sick and tired of talking to a group of people that really, really dont understand how it works. If you really understood you would know that it wouldnt blow an account.

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Everyone will do his judgement, If you don't like bob strategy, you could choose go out here , I do not know why you stay here for what !

I really cannot understand someone talking was so uncouthly...

show us you have what,  shut up your big mouth!

If your have holy grails ,I glad to study to you.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Did I ever say I have a holy grail? Of course not because no one does. What I have is what consistent and profitable traders all have... a strategy with probabilites in my favor over the long haul. If you really think I'm just here to try to bust bob's chops then go ask a professional trader if averaging down is a good idea. I've always said that if bob trades his methods with tiny positions he will probably avoid the black swans and ultimately make a profit, but compared to what he could have made trading with a stop it will be peanuts. I can't help but laugh when bob says he spends 4-6 weeks on average waiting (and hoping really) that a trade comes back to breakeven. Bob's method is not only less profitable, but more risky! It may not seem very risky because you are entering very small, but when all the positions go into drawdown - 1000's of pips negative - you will see how incredibly fast those small positions stacked against you tear away at your available margin. And you are creeping closer and closer to a margin call. If you are in drawdown for months you not only haven't made a dime, but you've lost money AND wasted all that time. I bet alot of you reading this right now know exactly what I'm talking about. I was once there myself. Now ask yourself, "does averaging down a losing position sound like something a good trader would do?".

And with that I will be leaving this thread for good. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
We dont counter trade here or recovery trade, this is a trend trade thread. You guys just dont understand the difference and no  matter how many times I explain it to you, it just doesnt register. So please take your preconceived misconceptions someplace else. You dont realize this yet but to all the people who post here know you just made a fool of yourself.

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Okay so I posted this in your trend thread instead of your range thread which advocates no stop. Do you really want me to cut and paste it over there?

Tell me something bob, how do you know when price is going to range or trend? That's nice that you have set certain rules to differentiate when price is already in a trend or range, but how do you know what's coming? You don't know. So why would you ever enter without a stop? Because it has been ranging? HA! You've said so yourself... you have wasted weeks trying to recover drawdown, instead of closing out the loss early and looking to reenter at another good setup. All the while putting your account at risk of substantial loss. That's the difference between you and a pro bob.

Okay, this time I'm out of here for real. Knock yourselves out you crazies.

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
I use 10.0 theory to determine range or trends. Also dont ask questions and then say you are not coming back. I didnt waste weeks dealing with DD. I was pocketing profits the whole time. Again I have said this before I keep what I put in the bank. It is  stupid and idiotic to criticize a trading system that has had its first two weeks of losses for the year. I have traded my way out and my equity curve now continues to go up. Funny you call yourself a professional trader but cant grasp patience in trading.

Range trading is just that, you are trading currency pairs that are not very volatile and you are trading their range of high and low. Aud/nzd is great for range trading, like taking candy from a baby. it just bounces up and down day after day, week after week, month after month, year after year. I have been trading that pair with range trading strategy for years. In fact it is by far my most profitable trading pair. You keep assuming it will crash crash crash. I dont think either NZD or AUD will crash in my lifetime. There is so much you falsely assume. You cant grasp the thought that there is a skill to counter trading and range trading. But there is. There is a skill to trend trading, breakout trading also. I understand all 4 basic trading methods, I understand the difference between the four. Some you use SL, some you multi level trade. You try to treat me like a weeny when I clearly understand how they work and you cant grasp in the least bit that they can. I know exactly where trouble will arise if it does and I know how to clean the problem out without trashing my account. That is a trading skill. If you dont want to recognize a trading skill staring you in the face that is your problem not mine. And yes I do know professional traders who practice these skills, it is just high lots, high leverage, use a SL guys refuse to call them professionals. They make money, their account keeps going up, why it is a skill. I dont care if you recognize it or not. It is a trading skill.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
Dear Bob,

I have been trading for a few years now.

I am a poor trader who reads a lot of threads in order to glean some knowledge. As yet I have not found a trading system which I am confidant to trade. Perhaps that is because I am too afraid to put my trust into a system yet. I have followed your NB10 System since the beginning. I admit I stopped following it a few weeks ago, every now and then having a peek. I believe that your system/s work, yet still do not feel at ease.

Maybe I am not ready for it yet.

I am truly grateful to you for all the hard work you put into teaching and sharing so that others may learn and gain confidence.

In time I know that I will get there.

On behalf of myself and Sooooo many others on FF I thank you.

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
The only way to learn is to get your feet wet. There are many penny brokers you can start at (IBFX is probably the best penny broker) and trade without having to worry about big loss of funds. 2-400 bucks, trade pennies and get the feel of it. Once you have some confidence and skill you can trade bigger. If you arent a trader you paid some tuition but not much. I recommend all new traders start with a penny account. Otherwise your tuition can be quite expensive. Learn one kind of trading system first. For example just try BO or simple crosses or S/R breaks and go from there. Trading with deadly accuracy is a good thread because the concept is simple and easy to follow and digest. I posted my 10.1 breakout system which wouldnt be hard to follow or understand. Get good at one type of trading and then branch out. Stay away from systems that have lots of indicators etc. Most professional traders use one or two indicators and keep an eye on fundamental moves. Learn to be good at one thing and grow from there. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Thank you sir.

Will you be starting a separate thread for the Break out System ?

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
No its part of the 10.0 system.

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
My first 1.0 trend trade. Rules are met, aren't they ?

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Still reading this thread since the beginning in the same time..

Page32, arf

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Anybody in ??

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
MickaelFX, be sure to view the *10*.x trend trading thread here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=308304

This thread (the *1*.0 system) is a predecessor to what eventually turned into 10.0 trend and later 10.1 trend systems.

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Many thanks to let me know. I started this thread frome 1 to 42 until you alert me

I jump in the other thread right now. Thanks again !!!!

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Hi i'm aware that 10.0 system is out but i really like this 1.0 system so i have a couple questions.

I did some backtesting for all majors in December 2011.The results were just too good to be true.I mean every single trade signal was right.When price went out of the TMA and back in,it always went the desired way. I also noticed that the best TP targets were the other end of the tma channel,not the blue line inside it.In like 90% of the signals the PA always crossed the blue line and touched the opposite line of TMA,so it seems to me that it is a better TP target.

I have to admit that all this made me very skeptical so i'd like some answers please.

Firstly,are the backtesting results real?I mean,does the tma give different(false) signals real-time and then it repaints some way and give the right ones?

Secondly,i read the thread and the instrutions as carefuly as i could but i am a bit lost with all these templates and EAs.

I want to trade only the H1 timeframe so what template should i use and which of the EAs should i attach on it?I can understand the sell and the buy,but what is the diferrence between the 5x5 EA and the close ATF?what is the difference between the templates?

I would really appreciate it if someone could make all this a bit more clear for me.Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Most of the majors were trending strongly so that made it easy for the system to work. The 5x5 is an enter only EA and the close ATF  only closes trades. So you use the 5x5 to enter a trade then if you wish you can use the ATF to close a trade. If you use it say on the 15M chart you will get a quick exit on the first retracement. If you use it on a 4H chart then you can let the trade run much longer. You base that usage on your understanding of what is driving the currency. In other words it works on all Time Frames. The difference between 10.0 and  1.0 is we added a definition for range trading which was the 1.0 weakness. 10.1 uses support and resistance lines instead of MA ea for entrances. This gives you more chances to enter into the trend and gives better signals of when to take a profit.

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
I appreciate your help.i ll do more backtesting to see how it works in ranging periods as well.Do you trade 1.0 now or do you trade only 10.1? If i understand well,it gives better results.I ll give it a try as well.

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Very good to be skeptical.  If you mean by "backtest" that you scrolled back and looked at the charts you will see perfect setups, fantastic returns, "I'm getting the Ferrari next week" situations.  It doesn't work that way.  If you want to watch the TMA in real time, open the 1 minute chart and watch TMA for a while.  You will see an Up signal turn into a Down signal and then looks like the Up never happened.  I know, I tried to code an EA using TMA and it was a disaster.  To see the TMA in backtest you need to set up a template, then use the Strategy tester in Visual mode (pick any Expert, doesn't matter) then pause it an apply your template.  Then you can watch in "real" time what happens.  Regardless, this system was the first one I found that actually started putting money in my account until the U.S. started playing Investor Police and now we have to have a much larger account to use this method.  So try it out, and read 10.0 if you have not.  Continue to be skeptical until you trust yourself to make winning decisions, whatever system you decide to use, preferably in a demo account or trading a penny account so you don't lose all your money while you are learning.

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
I dont understand.What happened?Why dont they let you use it?i have only tried it in demo.Will i have a problem going live with this system?

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
It's not that they won't let us use it, but we are capped at 1:50 margin which means we need a lot of money in the account to make a small profit because this original system doesn't use SLs and you have to be able to handle the drawdowns until you zero out the trade or have to take the occasional loss.  Also the FIFO rule means it's confusing if you have more than one trade in a pair, trying to zero out a DD.  If you are not a U.S. citizen, it should be ok.

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Not that anyone is here but.... I'm still trading NB 1.0 with much success.

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
I still use the 5x5 to enter some trades.

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
I always use the 5x5 my friend. hope all is well with you.

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Hello Bob,

Do you happen to have 5x5 EAs for the one hour TF?  It might even have another name.

If you could provide it, that would be great?!  Or, let me know know what the Moving Average that triggers the EA needs to be for the H1 TF.

Thanks in advance for whatever assistance you can provide regarding this issue.

Regards,

-Frank

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
This is Steve Hopwoods EA, it will work on any TF. It has its safety feature on  which means it will not trade until you hit the yes button to trade. If  you put it on the 1H chart it will trade the 1H chart. If you put it on a 4H chart it will trade on the 4H chart. If you switch to a 15M chart it will ask if you want to trade? If you say yes it will trade the 15M chart. If you say no you have turned the EA off. When you want to turn it back on again go to the 1H chart and turn it on. It also trades one time and then shuts off. So once it enters a trade it will not trade again until you turn it back on.

The settings are 5MA Open SMMA shifted 5, so you can set your MA line on your screen to the same settings. If you wish the settings to be changed let me know. So it will traded whatever chart you want and only works when you hit the yes button on the chart you have it on. Please test it first on a demo because I have not tested it at these settings.

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Hello Nanningbob,

The zip file contained just what I needed! Thanks for such a quick response.

I have versions of 1.0 5x5 Sell and 1.0 5x5 Buy that have the TF set to Period_M15. I had gotten those from this thread and also Al's Extreme TMA thread. I will substitue the ones I just received for those others.

I guess that I was under the impression [mistakenly, apparently] that a 5MA on a M15 TF was equivalent to a different MA on another TF.

Regards,

-Frank

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
I am reviving this EA with my 10.2 update.

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Nanningbob,

When do you anticipate that you will be starting a new thread for 10.2?

Also, could you use some more volunteer help? If so, let me know and I'll send a PM!

-Frank

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Yes send PM to me with your email address and I will send out the rough drafts. I have sent out the first 1/3 to be previewed. A comment made let me make a small change in the system. I will hope to finish the 2/3 tonight and send out and finish the last third this weekend. Final testing and touches then end of April or early May. I may stay with 10.0 thread and call it an update. That way we can have some continuation.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Hi,gre,i read all this thread and i found your template very intersting, i have trapped in a simple problem:when i use your template,my indicator DveMashki is different with yours,see charts below,i think someone can help me.I'm  a newbies in forextrading.

sorry for my poor english

THANKS A LOT

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
not sure what you mean. Just ignore that last line of indicators.

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
thank you for your reply ,gre.

i'm sorry you have been confused.

i mean ,in your chart the indicator has 4 lines, but when i use your template, the indicator shows 5 lines.

How do i setup this indicator?

thanks again for your patient!


===== 附件下载链接 =====

NB 1.0 trend.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/607807?d=1293902059
CloseAll.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/607944?d=1293971629
MPTM.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/608765?d=1294069642
USDCHF.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/607975?d=1293975985
TMA(Mid)vMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/608094?d=1293998610
TMA.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/608115?d=1294001080
USDCHF.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/608125?d=1294002098
TMA Angle.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/608630?d=1294056874
MA CROSS 5x5 WARNING.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/608619?d=1294055676
NB Dashboard.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/609571?d=1294148723
NB Dashboard 1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/609891?d=1294169337
1.0 5x5 buy.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/609933?d=1294174022
1.0 5x5 SELL.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/609934?d=1294174030
NB Dashboard 1.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/610025?d=1294183054
TMATrue(Mid)vMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/613160?d=1294594370
LOADING INSTRUCTIONS 1.0.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/614448?d=1294743770
TMA Angle.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/614604?d=1294758327
1.1 update screen.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/614605?d=1294758357
Statement.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/615710?d=1294860862
TrendLord.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/617434?d=1295019789
1.2 4H add on.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/617898?d=1295108308
RWB short manual 2003.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/618112?d=1295180097
NB Dashboard FAST 1.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/622000?d=1295549118
NB Dashboard 1.2.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/623323?d=1295726812
NB Dashboard 1.2.4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/623324?d=1295726812
NB Dashboard 1.2.4.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/623325?d=1295726825
4H test.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/623812?d=1295848512
Forex Ultimate Pro Trader.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/649441?d=1298670060
NB Dashboard FAST 1.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/655154?d=1299457336
lot-1-dollar-auto.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/659877?d=1299978471
lot-1-dollar-manual.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/659878?d=1299978471
BBTrendManager.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/664036?d=1300489423
b-clock_modified.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/683792?d=1303317967
FFCal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/683793?d=1303317993
I BREAKEVEN.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/683794?d=1303318011
SIXTHS 5.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/683795?d=1303318037
SwissArmyMixedhistoV4.48.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/683796?d=1303318079
ytg_DveMashki_ind_w_Signals.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/683797?d=1303318128
greglegrande.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/683802?d=1303318396
MA ribbon filled.89.21.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/683904?d=1303327411
ytg_DveMashki_ind_w_MTF_HIST.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/685263?d=1303591272
ytg_DveMashki_ind_w_MTF_HIST_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/686030?d=1303775195
SIXTHS 5.3G.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/686031?d=1303775195
ytg_DveMashki_ind_w_MTF_HIST_v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/687026?d=1303878199
Mauro_Trailing_6digits.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/690094?d=1304342136
1.0 5x5 buy.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/702937?d=1305822663
1.0 5x5 SELL.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/702938?d=1305822663
TMABand-Closer.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/704579?d=1306095657
NanningBob V1 Trend manual trading robot by Steve Hopwood.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/709117?d=1306604204
greg.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/709118?d=1306604633
THV4 InfoPanel.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/711703?d=1306984335
McGinley Dynamic Indicator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/713240?d=1307223679
McGinley Dynamic Indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/713241?d=1307223679
b-clock_modified.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/726358?d=1308767092
I BREAKEVEN.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/726361?d=1308767139
LSMA in Color4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/726362?d=1308767139
sixths by ChaserL.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/726364?d=1308767175
ytg_DveMashki_ind_w_MTF_HIST_v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/726371?d=1308767966
ytg_DveMashki_ind_w_Signals.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/726374?d=1308767992
rocket pop.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/726376?d=1308768065
NB1.0 Trend Trade Manager (Manual) v1.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/734737?d=1309805553
10.0 NB TREND TRADE.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/743419?d=1310878414
StrategyTester.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/748355?d=1311535348
10.0 DAILY BUY - Ido EA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/748356?d=1311535348
10.0 DAILY BUY - Ido EA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/748357?d=1311535362
5x5.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/945273?d=1334789285
