===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Good news to you all,

I'm succesfully (manually) backtesting my own system called 'The Sidus Method'.

In essence it is a combination between BGX and Vegas Tunnels.

I get great results with it.

You can find the pdf for downloading attached (next post)! PLEASE USES SM JONES HIS UPLOAD!!!

Please test it and send me your opions!

Thanks

THE SYSTEM IS ONCE AGAIN ATTACHED

Sidus

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Sidus,

Thanks for your efforts and thanks for sharing those efforts. I know I look forward to seeing the approach you are talking. Scott

--- 帖子 #3 ---
I'm now making the rules of my system, so that everyone can understand them, in a couple of hours I will upload them.

---> File uploades, see first post

--- 帖子 #4 ---
System is uploaded, take a look at the first post.

I invite you to test and report

BTW: there is a great signal now: LONG EUR/GPB @ 0.6905

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Thanks for th pdf, I know I what I will be doing this weekend.. Scott

--- 帖子 #6 ---
I have not used MT4 for long, what kind of MA is a WMA?  I never came accross it before.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
I figured the WMA, Weighted Moving Average,

When you say trade only when tunnel is extremely narrow can you say what amount of PIPS classifies a narrow tunnel based on your testing?  It looks like the strong trades the tunnels were less then 3 pips apart.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
WMA= Lineair Weighted Moving Average

Indeed, you should only trade when the boundry's of the tunnel cross eachother or when they narrow so much that they become one line.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Sidus,

Thank you verymuch for posting your system. I just placed an order and I've got some profit. I will continue to do this for few months and will see the result.

Thanks again.

TGLK

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Which pair did you trade?

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Hi Sidus,

great system u have here,

now I'm doing some backtesting with u'r system,but I need to clear something out.

u said  that " one should only open a position when the red tunnel is extremely narrow or crossed "

is that mean the red tunnel crossed each other or the red tunnel crossed by the WMA.

did u test the system on the different time frame?a longer maybe?

tks for the answer man..

regards,

--- 帖子 #12 ---
I will clearify, enter a postition when the two WMA's cross the tunnel.  AND the tunnel boundry' cross eachother.

The real "Go!" for a trade is when the red tunnel crosses eachother!!

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Yes, the results even got better when you use a larger timeframe lijk 4H or daily. You can even use monthly. Make sure if you trade larger timeframes that you place your stoplosses far enough, so that you wont immediatly be stopped! Thinks of risk:reward! When using a larger timeframe you should be sure of the trade and aim for enough pips!!!

--- 帖子 #14 ---
This method was manually backtested in real time on EUR/GBP and EUR/USD. I can only say it works for

these pairs, as I didn’t test with others.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Thanks, maybe you can post some trades of yours using this system!

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Hi Sidus,

Thanks for posting the pdf, I will read it and maybe give some comments. I'm always on the lookout for new ideas and Vegas and BunnyGirl are my heroes

Dane

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Tks a lot frd for the answer

I find that this system is great for the trending time,

but how about the ranging time with small pips which can make our entered trade keep bounce in wrong direction.

did u just follow the sign and then use the proper SL to get out from sign of changing direction.  if so...  in ranging with small pips it will keep hit our SL.

how about u'r backtesting in ranging time...

tks man for u'r great post.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Yes, that's true. In a trend this is great. But the best results is when you get a countertrend. The crossovers often show an indication of trendreversal. But in ranging markets it wil just keep bouncing around.

That's the only part of the system that is not mechanical. You have to 'feel' if it is going to bounce. If the crossovers are 'stronger' and 'sharper' then it is more likely that it is not going to bounce!

--- 帖子 #19 ---
what do you think about corelation this method and pivot points.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Hi

Can you please explain exit signal a bit more,i don't know if i understand them correctly.

You say close position when 5 WMA dives below 8 WMA and vice versa,and then in your examples you get out when the 5 and 8 crosess the both red lines.

Did i missundrstod something?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Thanks for posting your system Sidus.  I look forward in trying it.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
yes thanks alot i plan to look at it also

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Sidus,

Thanks a lot, I like it because it's simple (although I'm already working on making it complicated ).

Time will tell if I stick to it for longer, so far I'm trying it on a few pairs. There were a couple of signals today.

Dane

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Hi Sidus,

nice and interesting system. Would it be suitable for trading on an EA?

Anybody experimenting with this system on an EA?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Sidus,

I think your stop loss at 10-15 pips is way to close to the opening price for the 1 hour time frame. I would recommend you to test your system with 30-40 pips.

Pablo

--- 帖子 #26 ---
I'm not sure you can backtest a system like this. When you look back over the charts, you'll see several crosses that appear to be entry and exit points. These crosses followed through to some degree and usually produce winning trades. What you won't see, however, is when a cross occurred, then quickly reversed. When you look back on this event, it will not show that the lines ever crossed at all. When backtesting, you will not record this as an entry because you will not see a cross.

I'm not saying that this isn't a good system with a lot of potential. I'm just wondering if there is a way to accurately backtest it.

Anyway, I appreciate all the info on this thread. If I'm wrong, please don't hesitate to tell me.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Hi Sidus,

can you explain more precise exit strategy.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Great work Sidus ,Kind of reminds me of the alligator Bill Williams introduced in his work Cahos... wat he recommended to do in the above mention was to enter the market on adulation and candle exhaustion ... you might want to read up on it maybe it will help in refining wat you are working on just my two sense. Hope it helps .....

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Sidus,

I have taken just a cursory look at your method and it looks like these crossovers capture some momentum trades. But like all methods that use lagging indicators, you give up a lot at tops and bottoms.

May I suggest you look at the fib numbers from your entry point for taking profit. Depending on the volatility of the currency pair, you can move up or down from 21,34,55,89,144,233,and 377 pips. Just eyeballing your euro chart in the *.pdf, the fibs would have caught some good bottoms and tops. I wonder what optimum fib level is best for euro?

After you are out of a position, you simply wait for the next signal.

Keep learning.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
I also noticed that... in manual backtesting you will miss some whipsaws. You would have to "replay" the chart without seeing what happened during next few bars. Although, at some point you may have enough experience to make correct predictions.

I wonder what could be used as an additional confirmation... maybe loooking at the next higher timeframe and comparing tunnel crosses with movements between fib levels, as in one of the Vegas methods? Wait, isn't this just one of the Vegas methods?...

Nonetheless, I gained a few pips testing it the last 2 days. But I lost them right away on a couple of bad Firebird trades

Happy trading,

Dane

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Ah Great*Dane you testing Firebird as well eh? Phoenix -- Firebirds successor that Hendrick is working on sounds promising.

Anyhow, I saw three signals yesterday with this system and didnt take them bummer. I saw a BUY signal on the EURJPY at about the 146.04 level (and it went up to 146.40 or somewhere around there). Saw another for the USDCAD a BUY at the 1.1104 level or so (I think that one went up to 1.1170s). I also saw one on the  GBPJPY chart for a BUY at about the 210.38 level and it shot up to about 211.72. I wont make it happen again. These were all on the 30 minute chart.

--- 帖子 #32 ---
This system is similar to a method that Mark McRae uses. I've included some video links to help anyone interested in getting some more insight. The first link is the one that is similar to this system, and I think it will help anyone using this method get a better insight in how to trade the method successfully. The other links will give you some breakout and divergence strategies.

www.tradeology.com/dt/t/tl14.php
www.tradeology.com/dt/t/tl15.php
www.tradeology.com/dt/t/tl17.php
www.tradeology.com/dt/t/tl18.php
www.tradeology.com/dt/t/slbo.php

The trick in forex is to have a strategy for each type of market.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Thank you guys for all your comments.

First of all I want to clear out my exit strategy.

You HAVE TO exit when the red tunnel's boundry's cross! This is THE indicator that the trend will reverse

You CAN exit when the WMA's cross. When this happens you should always pay attention. You don't have to exit if everything is still OK with the red tunnel.

As for the Fibonacci retracements. I would like to advice that you use Vegas his system om Fibo for exiting.

Please keep posting your results and comments!!!

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Sidus,

I've been trying your method for the past couple of days.  It's a very promising tool - especially in a trending market.

I'm not a coder, but this would seem to be a pretty good candidate for an EA.

Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
I agree Brentmack. It would be nice to get an EA for this. Even in a ranging market once can get at least 10 pips per trade from the strategy.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
That's true, in ranging market u should aim for 7-9 pips. It is not much, but it will prevent you from whipsaws.

As for an ea. I'm not a coder, but if somebody would like to code this in a ea, you are very welcome!

--- 帖子 #37 ---
I have been testing this system in a couple of days... and it's very nice.

Got 55 pips today

Thank you very much for this system!

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Ok, this is a moving average cross system.  They're as common as cockroaches and they all have the same problem, which is lag on the entry, which cuts down on your profits since you miss a lot of movement and chops you up in ranging or choppy markets.

Just letting you know beforehand.  I think most new traders start out with moving average crosses.  Wait till you go down the rabbit hole and start looking at fibonacci confluences, market profile and auction theory, etc.  The game gets a lot more interesting at that point.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
7-9 pips?  In forex?  With an MA cross?  You will sign your death warrent.  Please, please, PLEASE do not trade this with real money until you've been consistently profitable for six months at the least.  MA crosses are seemingly simple but nothing is ever that easy.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
If we have an EA we can test it ona  demo for 6 months before using it live. Out of all the MA cross EA systems I have comew across thus fa.r, this one seems like the best.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
the 7_9 pip profit is for ranging markets. My system is more a breakoutsystem, then obviuosly you should aim for 30-60 pips, maybe even more.

So when it is false alarm you just should take 7-9 pips and wait for the real breakout!!!

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Thanks a lot. It think this is just because I use the red tunnel. This is a very great tool to determine if there will be whipsaws.

The red tunnel is the key to this succes!!

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Yet again, today was a great day for this system!!!

The horizontal line shows when I went Long!

I made 80 pips!!!!

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Yes the red tunnel is the key. If we can get that programmed into an EA we could have a winner on our hands.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Sidus, your graph on post#44 does not appear to be a long postion signal.

(Blue and yellow wmas breaking through(UP) the Red tunnel).

Did i miss something?

Jim

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Jim,

Clearly you didn't look well. obviously there is a cross of the red tunnel and an cross of the wma's above the red tunnel, so that's the signal.

Look at attached chart!!!!

--- 帖子 #47 ---
So your entry was 1.2735 not 1.2731.

Correct?

Jim<!-- / message --><!-- attachments -->

--- 帖子 #48 ---
I was wondering what time you entered this trade? I see 2 long signals there and 1 short between them that would stop you out.

Dane

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Exactly! It was indeed confusing with the red line!

--- 帖子 #50 ---
I went long when the WMA's crossed the red tunnel upwards AND the red tunnel's boundry's crossed eachother.

I have to be honest, because I cheated a little bit and entered before the the red tunnel boundry cross, but you could predict that they were going to cross.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
It is really important that u use the red tunnel boundry's cross as your trend guideline. Only enter a trade when they cross are when they are going to cross!!!!!

--- 帖子 #52 ---
so, how do you follow that sidus stratefy now. In my opinion the best time to enter is, when the ema cross occurs and the channel is crossed my wmas.

But when to exit, i very good time to enter is, when wma cross occurs, but often the trend continues then...

I am looking forward to your experiences.

Mike

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Nice Sidus. You must have had put alot of effort spoting this new method of yours. I am going to try it soon on my demo account. (not ready for live trading  ).

I have learn one thing today and thank to you Sidus. Keep it up!

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hey Dane the two EMA red lines is what you should be looking at. When they cross each other its time to enter the trade. The other two lines I largely ignore because they can fake you out..but the two red lines crossing (tunner Sidus calls it) is pretty accurate especially in trending markets.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
this chart does not fit because of the annoncement. If the NFP would have been higher the cross would of been false, their- by catching alot people with their pants down..Duing annoncement times u throw all these systems out the window....They work great other wise......................

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Actually it was the unemployment and ISM report for this chart.   Sorry, its still the same, if they would of been higher in the US favor it still would of been a false siginal...U get my drift...................................................

--- 帖子 #57 ---
But Alsap what about stop losses? Thats why stop losses was invented. Also if the announcement was positive for the USD then the chart would have indicated the reverse with the red and blue lines diving under the red tunner.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Yardie, theirs to much lag time.   during annoncement times these indictors can't give u the time to evaluate them..U HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THE NEWS WILL BE..So if the lines appear to be crossing the tunnel and the news is against the direction, better to not have a trade in that direction until annoncement is over.  Thats why during annocnement times  u want to just do a straddle. THE BOTTOM LINE IS ALL SYSTEMS LIKE THIS WORK GREAT DURING TRENDING PERIODS BUT DURING NEWS TIMES DON'T BOTHER. UR right about the stop losss but be very carefulllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Yes all indicators are worthless during news because the market move too fast. Your trading should be based on the news itself and not indicators...and the news generally have to be fresh as in a few seconds.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
i recommend you put real money in to trade this system . i know it could make you money.thank you

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Thanks for your trust, but please, trade my method on a demo account for a couple of months. First you have to be sure that this is the right system for you and than you can start making money !!!

--- 帖子 #62 ---
This a great system, been using it on my demo and avg. almost 45-60 pips a day, while working a 9-5 job.....thanks sidus!!!

--- 帖子 #63 ---
This system need to be coded, because in real making money, i dont want to sit in front of computer a wait for crosses.In chart like 4H it is possible but there this system is not so special.So let's code now!!!!

--- 帖子 #64 ---
This is great! Wich timeframe do u use since you have a fulltime job?

--- 帖子 #65 ---
1h, 4h and daily....and hedge it with usd/chf....I wake up at 6am to get ready for work and look for crosses and other trend indicators, then set set my trades, monitor the mkt with dailyfx...

--- 帖子 #66 ---
I'm working on a second version of my method. Please if you have comments or improvements. Let me know!!!!

If somebody could figure out a good money managment plan for my system let me know, I will include it in my next version!

--- 帖子 #67 ---
That tunnel is a beauty, it's amazing how it holds it's shape for large trends, although I don't know if I would have the balls to ride them out. As Vegas pointed out there are some sweet profits to be had by exiting at fib profit targets, later confirmed by Sidus.

I wonder since the tunnel is stable if you could take the profit at a good risk reward return and then hop back in on rend continuations provided the tunnel holds it's form. Just my 2cents. This way the spread fee you pay for reentry is covered by the extra pips you made.

Hope that makes sense.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Can you give us an example on the hedging part of this?

Thanks

Johnny

--- 帖子 #69 ---
no problem, go to dailyfx and look at the correlation between between usd/chf and eur/usd on a chart overlay.......the usd/chf is more volatile and allows you to pick up a few extra pips. When the wma's cross up enter a long on the eur/usd and short usd/chf....when it crosses down, do the opposite.....you can also use the usd/chf to confirm a trend on the eur/usd......i have only been using a demo though.....and i think you earn interest aslo for long positions on the usd/chf, if i am not mistaken.......

--- 帖子 #70 ---
What particular behavioral pattern of the markets makes this system work?

--- 帖子 #71 ---
But what about the PIP differential?  The Eur/Usd is $10 per pip and the CHF is around (not sure) $8 or so.  The interest part is nice to earn.  Can you supply us is some sample trades you've done on this and what was the outcome.

It is interesting and would like to use it if it is worth it.

Johnny

--- 帖子 #72 ---
I can't post trades now, im at werk...lol.....im actually not even supposed to be on this site....rofl......when I get off werk ill post a few trades for ya....

Far From Average: I use it in a trending market

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Hey sidus,

here's my first (hypothetical) trade using your system.  what do you think? enter at 1.8439.  thanks for posting your system!

Nat

--- 帖子 #74 ---
woulda taken it on my real account too, 'cept I was too busy listening to raghee horner yak it up hehehe. Oh, well, there will be other opportunities for sure.  Let's all try to make this already good method even better!

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Hi hondakorn,

Perhaps it was just a typo on your part, but going long the Euro and short the Swissy at the same time is not hedging.  What you are doing is essentially doubling your position.  Doing this is virtually the same as doubling your position on either the Euro OR the Swissy.

Doing any of the above is okay as long as it fits within the risk parameters of your money management method.  But I don't see any point in doing it the way you are.

Did I misunderstand your intent here?

Dial

--- 帖子 #76 ---
As i was typing my response, it clicked and I misunderstood what hedging was....im still new to this.....thanks again dial.....I thoght hedging was for ex: short eur/usd and long gpb/usd....

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Hi hondakorn,

Thanks for the clarification.  Don't worry about being new, as we all started there.  I'm an oldtimer relative to some, and still a student relative to others.  Learning this game is a never ending process and I've found I can learn a new trick from newbies on occasion.  That's why I asked the question.  I suspected there was some subtle advantage to longEUR/shortCHF that I hadn't heard of before.

Thanks again, and good trading to you.

Dial

--- 帖子 #78 ---
SIDUS: You're THE MAN

Tested for 3 days now (only EUR/USD) and made 120 US$ on two trades!  Works like a breeze.  I entered EUR/GBD LONG today, because there was a strong signal (red tunnel cross, and the wma's crossed the tunnel, too) but it is going south....loosing on that one, but it doesn't matter...so far it is an uncomplicated, easy to setup system and I have made some nice pips.

What went wrong with todays trade?

Well, for one thing EUR/GBD spread is more expensive, so any move in the wrong direction is costly.  Second, well using FIBS with your system would give a finer entry/exit point - I bought too high....and third, well it is my fault (not the systems fault) as I became greedy and entered BEFORE the two red lines crossed = too early = risk too high, and then they just barely touched.

I will continue to test it.  Once I reach the first Million, you will be my guest of honor on the yacht!!!

Peter.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Hi All,

Is it possible to use a white background on the charts, because it really suck my ink dry unnecessarily

For the record: Sidus Method is working for me. Cant wait to see the improved version.

Welldone Sidus!

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Imagine designing a system with artificial life modeling using super computers with genetic algorithms. Expose this artificial life to world derivative prices, and let the successful ones reproduce. The artificial life would have neural networks in place, and pattern recognition technology to sift through years of historical data to spot patterns and trends and execute.

Thats the future your looking at, and its closer then you think. As a trader you will be competing with computer systems without emotion. I think some of the large trading houses are already doing this.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
This is again a great example for a LONG signal. But I'm afraid that the price is quite high. I would entered sooner or wait for the price to go down a bit!

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Peter,

I'm looking forward to this! Maybe I can land with my chopper on yout yacht :

--- 帖子 #83 ---
As you can see on your charts, we have now a LONG signal for eur/usd @ 1.2751.

Let's see were this is going to!

--- 帖子 #84 ---
SiDuS,your posted entry at 1.2751 is using M 15,on M30 the entry is at 1.2742.Which one should we take?

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Hi Sidus !

First of all thank you for sharing your "simple" system with us

If checked it in my Oanda Live Account and have made some pips

I often make the observation, that the 5 and 8 WMA's are crossing

the 18 and 23 EMA's before the EMA's getting nearer and cross each

other.

Can I than use this crossing signal for an entry ?

I'm exiting the trade when the 5 WMA crosses the 8 WMA and vice versa.

What about using the system in the shorter time frames ( 5 M / 15 M ) ?

I'm eager to see the updated version of your system

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Now the signal is Short! H1 timeframe

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Thanks!

You can use the technique that you describe, but you will get more wrong signals. So I advice you not to. The same is true for using 5M/15M, it will generate more wrong signals.

30M is good for small profits!

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Orange,

On your chart : Right Click : Properties: Colors : Background (change to White)/Foreground (change to a dark color)

Also, you should save a copy of each chart/trade: File - Save as Picture

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Thats so much easier than what I was doing. Thanks

--- 帖子 #90 ---
And also, the minute you think you are no longer a student, the market pulls your shirt over your head and then starts punching you in the kidneys like an ornery one toothed french canadian hockey player named Pierre.  Uh, or something.

--- 帖子 #91 ---
I'm just trying to push you to the next level.  Don't take it as an attack. but I repeat, Sidus, why does your system work?  It's not sufficient to say "well, when this line crosses this line, price goes up or down accordingly."  What causes that relationship to exist?

It's kind of like somebody asking you where a car gets its power and you say, "well, when I put my foot on the gas, the car moves."  Of course, most cars move because of tiny explosions inside of the engine which push pistons and generate motion energy which the car ultimately transfers through the transmission to the drivetrain and finally the tires.  And it's much more complicated than that in reality if you get into the physics and engineering of it.  A system is no different.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Hi sidus.

First, thank you for your system.It's very inspirative.Perhaps you will be dissapointed or not, but I modifiacted it. I use just EMA 18 and second EMA I changed to 33.That's because sometimes on M30 zuor system generate false signals.Even it shiould be strong signal.Taht is the reason of my modification.Now it generate less signals.But there is much less false signals.So now it's almost perfect.One more time thank you for zour system and motivation. Good luck and strong trend.Bye bye

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Thanks for your method.

In order to maintain the accuracy of your method which works best as designed for H1 (60 min.) and use the BGX line generating program that authomaticaly install the cross levels ,the filters levels etc.I and the features of many others systems operating only on M30,I had to convert your set-up data as follow.

EMA 28 doubled to 56

EMA 18 to 36

LWMA 8 to 16

LWMA 5 to 10

RSI 14 to 28

I also added  EMA 100

Now everything workes like a charm using only one chart (M30).

Maybe this will help others who like to combine many systems/methods unto one screen.

JLM

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Hi Rojam, at the first read of your idea of doubling up,I thought "what a good idea",however I just gave it a go, and it seems that the entry points and exits reduce profits immensly. Overall I found that "plan A" is still very much a winner ,but I sure do enjoy the brainstrust on this forum.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Hello Sidus

Thanks for this smart method.

I would like to know when to enter a trade.Should I enter as the cross of the WMA's with the tunnel or wiat till the close of the candle?.

Best wishes

--- 帖子 #96 ---
I am new at this and am doing a demo account. I am doing what Situs said about putting an 18 ema and a 28 ema on the charts. When I go and do this I only have one line. There is a place on the ema where it says: open close low high. Do I select one of these when I am doing this.

Forgive me of my ignorance.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
First of all don't apologise, most of us knew little or nothing when we first arrived here (some of us still don't know much  )

What software are you using, you'll get a quicker answer if you let us know that in future. Most of the guys (and gals) here use MT4 but there are lots of other programs covered. Setting up MAs is more or less the same in most programs but there may be small differences from platform to platform.

Welcome on board

Pete

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Hi LOTV

The main objective was to duplicate the positions of the moving averages from H1 to M30.This way the intersection points levels are now on H1 to the same levels on M30.

I have implemented many forex strategies and found that many use M30 as their favourite period .I also downloaded templates to install on Metatrader4

but a lot of them do not work when you toggle from a higher time frame down to M30.I still have a favorite set-up grouping SiDuS D1/H4/H1/M30/M15/M5 and even M1 to analyse price action.

I swing trade mostly using M30 modified to include bits and pieces from about 8 systems to give me what I need on that one chart.

I then enter pending on-stop orders many times in both directions,always with stop loss and sometimes ..take profit points.If the above is not clear, let me know.

JLM

--- 帖子 #99 ---
I guess I'm guilty of not leaving well enough alone. I thought waiting for the .EMA's to cross puts one in the trade a bit late. I tried a method put in my head by using the Vegas method and made all the numbers Fib numbers, only changing the EMA'sto 13 and 21. Seems to give an earlier entry signal, Have only played with it for 30 minutes now, but love the Simplicity of the method. Pips to you Sidus !

Jeff

--- 帖子 #100 ---
If you set the Parabolic SAR to 0.05 and 0.09 then you will see that it too will follow this same triggers for trades that the Sidus method does.  With the SAR it is a lot less complicated to view and determine entry/exit since no there is no crossing of lines etc... the SAR captures the same trends basically each time and I assume that it is because all of these indicators are a variation of the moving average construct anyhow which is why they all lag.

Sir Pips Alot

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Yardie told me that Sidus is a very promising method. Thanks Sidus. Yardie also asked me - as he knows I've programed a few EAs - to code an Sidus-EA. So I'm gonna start right now. I hope you, Sidus, accept anybody issuing an EA for you strategy. If not, just tell me.

I'll keep you posted about the development.

PS: Since it's a really easy trend following strategy I can't promiss that it will be a sucess. Quite the opposite, I am pretty sceptical. However, I have some ideas in mind to improve Sidus. Keep me posted about your forward testing of Sidus. It is really important to know for a programer if you are sucessfully trading using Sidus.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Hey Tradeigel thanks for taking up the challenge  I am sure no one would mind you coding an EA and lots of us would test it out.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Hehehe, what i mean is when posting charts, it would be nice when the background is white. Its easier on the eyes & uses less black ink.

Thanks ktrade.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
I think I will post the EA after Sidus will have posted the 2nd version.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
I was thinking that placing my orders by hand would be ok, but what I'd really like to have is an EA that will manage my trades and exits for me.

Once I place a trade, I'd like an EA that would allow me to take profits on X number of lots at certain pip levels and then exit out all trades at the crossing of the 5 & 8 ema's.  I guess the ability to add trailing stop losses to the lots would be nice as well for those would like that... If you wanted to go that far.

Would this be easier to do?

Jason

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Am I missing something or what?! Respectfully I say; I am trying to understand why there is such excitment for this so-called new method since there are any number of other lagging indicators that will do the exact same as Sidus does? And furthermore why would anybody take the time to write an EA that requires coding for crossings of WMAs and then crossings of "Tunnel" EMAs etc when it would be MUCH easier to write one that simply follows the Parabolic SAR indicator price changes?  Look at the attached Word file to see just how closely the SAR indentifies the entries and exits of the exact same trends/trades as this Sidus method and, mind you, with a lot less required work from the trader... just follow the yellow brick road  (Parabolic SAR settings are: Step=0.05 Maximum=0.09).

Sir Pips Alot

--- 帖子 #107 ---
its2die4 is right, guys. It's nothing new. That's why I said that I am gonna wait. I will code an EA if Sidus's new version is promising. Really, try this strategy with Parabolic SAR, it's probably not so much different. It's just one of those simple trend-following systems.

Right now I would rather recommend Phoenix (search this forum for Phoenix). Phoenix is a more developed, more promising EA. Also, nobody needs to code an EA for Phoenix, it's already there; in various versions. The most recent one is v2.0. Go get it and try it.

However, for certain market conditions the Sidus method will work pretty well and it's much aesier than most other systems.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
I don't agree.  It seems to me that the Parabolic SAR is more general and doesn't hit the entry and exit timing nearly as well as using the MA's.  I've looked at the SAR with the settings you suggest and while it does "generally" follow the same trend, I don't think it has nearly the same accuracy.  Now, you might be able to modify the settings to do so - I don't know.  But if you take the 4hr USD/CAD, the SAR overlaps changing trends greatly while the moving averages were far more accurate.

I think another issue with using the SAR is it takes longer for people to get used to an indicator that displays the way it does.  We're simply used to moving averages and the way they more directly appear to relate to the pricing. Not that this is a valid reason to discount it's legitimacy as an indicator mind you..

But, if it works for you, then that's all that really matters in the end.  Each to his own, no?

J

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Hi,

I was curious to find out when you think Sidus Method 2 will be available.

Keep up the good work!

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Dear Sidus,

I have few question on your system.

1) What is the best time frame to use your method for EUR/USD?
2) When is your 2nd version Sidus will be available?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
I like Sidus method. It easier to read than the parabolic sars. I also found out a few cool stuffs when you use on 1hr GBP/USD. See when you can spot it. Ive made over 1000pips a week for the past weeks.

Yes, we are excited, not because we havent seen anything like it before, but, its simplicity & accuracy especially with GBP/USD is simply Pipastic!

Sidus, keep up the good work. Your system coupled with Vegas 1hr tunnel is really a winner. Cant wait to see the part 2. Welldone my friend and thank you for sharing it!

--- 帖子 #112 ---
totally agree!!!

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Orangeroshan

How do you coupled Sidus Trading system with Vegas 1H trading system?

You use everything of both or you just implement only one part of both systems?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #114 ---
i noticed on the pdf you said to exit when the red and yellow WMA cross each other, yet on the charts you include it seems you wait till the red tunnel crosses.

which is correct?

thanks!

--- 帖子 #115 ---
never mind... i did not look at all the pages to the thread.

--- 帖子 #116 ---
I must be missing something. If somebody could be so kind as to correct me, that would be great.

According to the pdf, the trade is entered only when the WMAs cross the EMAs and the EMAs are "extremely narrow" or crossed.

Exactly what constitutes "extremely narrow" according to the method?

As others have mentioned, the WMAs often cross the EMAs 5 or more bars before the EMAs cross.

Do you enter just on the WMA cross of the EMAs, or do you wait for the whole EMA cross to occur much later?

"Extremely narrow" can mean anything to anybody. I guess what Sidus means is what matters to the method. The pictures and examples in the pdf just show entry and exit upon crossed EMAs alone. That kinda threw me off a bit.

Any help from others who already dealt with this would be appreciated. Thanks, Sidus, for the time and effort in your manual.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Hey gorilla, Ive had some pretty decent results trading before the whole ema because usually when the wmas cross then the emas are going to also.  I havent really had to much of a problem with whipsaws because i just go for a quick 20 to 30 pips.  Ive noticed above that amount that whipsaws will sometimes happen. Thanx for you time.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Hi,

I'm having dufficulties in setting up the Moving Averages. For the EMA, do I need to set the Moving Average to Exponential Low, High, Close, Open, Median Price, Typical Price or Weighted Close? Same question for setting up the WMA?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
If you look at the label (EMA) that tells you it's an Exponential MA, (WMA) is a Weighted MA

As I remember all based on close

Peter

--- 帖子 #120 ---
wait.. that's exactly what I read in popular science.  I forgot what he did what his supercomputer, but he's making a lot of money for sure.

sidus: I finally got through the pages of posts and found your new system to be wonderfully simple and reliable during non major news periods, as  most others have said.  And going for the small profits during whipsaw times is good too.  If you add in fibo stop loss and profit taking as Vegas like to do, I think this system can really go far.

Great Stuff man!

--- 帖子 #121 ---
I'm attaching a modified indicator written (I think) by a guy named Bruce over at beginnertrader.com.

It'll create the 5 and 8 LWMA's for you, but the nice thing is it will sound an alert once they cross..  So if you are in hearing distance you can exit or enter your trade as you see fit.

Now if I can just get this code combined with the profit taking EA we got earlier I'd be set...

Jason

--- 帖子 #122 ---
I have just been reading your thread.  Very nice, Sidus.  Thank you for sharing.

I have been applying it to a few pairs that I have been trading and comparing the results with the results from 2 other methods I use.  When I tried to apply it to CHF/JPY, what I found on the 1H chart is that both the EMAs and both the WMAs were lying on top of each other.  Would you interpret this as preparation to breaking out? One of my other methods would suggest that that is what is occurring, I just am not familiar with your method.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Sometimes everything of both and sometimes one part of both. The fib lines helps to maximise profits & minimise loss. Both tunnels (Vegas& Sidus) tell great stuffs about prices. So far, made 87 trades with only 3 bad ones. Not bad for a newbie. Cant wait for the Part II!

--- 帖子 #124 ---
OrangeRoshan, could you post some of those trades you made (and some charts would be cool too) using the Vegas & Sidus method.

I'm still in the fine tuning stage.

Thanks,

Jim

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Jim,

These are the last 12hrs transaction i did with one of my dealer. Its one my typical trade I made using both systems. The cahrt I use is from MT4. I hope this will help you.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Yeah OrangeRoshan that's cool.

But stuff like "I entered here and exited here" and why you did.

I'll try to post mine as well .

Thanks,

Jim

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Thanks Sidus for sharing your method. I like it's simplicity and apparent effectiveness. On my charts I added the ma crossover indicator, 2 of them; one for each pair of ma's to give me signal when there is a cross. I changed the size of the arrows larger for the red ma's.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
I believe everybody here is going to be very rich very soon with this system, except me .

I wanted to check things on a grand scale and looked at the weekly USD/YEN chart (what I have would have had ....)  The X signs are where the price actually was, when the crosses occured.  L- means from there I should have gone long, S - short.

C'mon guys, anybody with sense of humor?

See attached image... )

p.s.  Sidus, I respect your work and sharing it, just wanted to give some thought material about the time frames and MAs, please don't feel offended.

--- 帖子 #129 ---
I didnt know the european speaks Japanese? Hehee... (I have a sense of humour)

Sidus already said, he only backtested on EUR/USD and EUR/GBP

You got the USD part right, but unfortunatelly not the YEN.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Its a 1hr chart, not on a weekly chart!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #131 ---
How does that last S relate to a cross of the MA's?  It looks like it's marked a couple bars later.

Try adding the T3 that TwoBlink uses in his Hat method in place of the larger MA's and see how it looks.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Thanks Mike. I appreciate the reply.

That's what I was really wondering about.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Thank you OrangeRoshan for sharing your experience, by the way which currency pairs do you trade with this Sidus-Vegas hibrid? How many units you trade when the LWMA crosses the EMA? Which fib level you use(34, 55, 89, 144, 233, 377)?

It is a shame that im cann't make an EA for this system. Thanks Sidus for sharing this intesting system and we know that it is quite promising system.

Waiting for your V2.0!...

--- 帖子 #134 ---
kihl,

Why not, isn't it possible?

Btw, Im trading only Cable Dollar & uses the fib line as my stops. When you know the currency pair very well + a feel for this system. You virtually can make 100 pips from a 30pips bar!

Both tunnels helps me to determine momentum & trend.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #135 ---
The file that is attached right below this post is a .mq4 file.  What kind of file is that?  With the context I would think it is a plugin for a charting program.  Is it for metatrader?

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Yes it is. All mq4 extension is for MT4. Save it inside expert/indicator

Thanks

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Yes, it's an indicator for MT4.  Put it in your experts/indicators directory.

Jason

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Something I noticed is that this method seems to pick up any major reversals in trend while weeding out most of the small bumps and small reversals.  (I have been using it on a 1 hr chart)

As a result it will be very good for catching big moves.

One question I have for Sidus, and the other people testing it out, is what have you found to be a good place to put your stop?  If answering this plz put the amount, or fibronacci level, and the currency or currencies you've been using this with.

And thanks for answering my last question guys.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
I'm looking at doing two things.

First, I want to take half my position out at a given pip target - Typically the price might move way up or down in one bar (I use 4hr) to settle on a gentle trend in one direction later.   I'm using an EA to take a profit at a given point then.   This is also good in case the trend happens to be short and closes out where you started - at least half your order made you some pips.

Next, I'd like to have it close out the order at the cross of the MA's (5&8).

Just my thoughts at the moment.

Jason

--- 帖子 #140 ---
I just came up with a potential exit strategy.  Has anyone tried using a much faster chart for the exit?  Eg, a 1 hour chart for entry, and a 15 minute or 30 minute chart for exit?  Seems like this might work pretty well also.  Let me know what you think.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Hey OrangeRoshan:

You seem to be the one that has implemented SIDUS with the greatest success, so far.  This is my experience:

I'm a great fan of this method.  In my first post I mentioned that I had made 60 pips in two days (with two lots = 120 US$), both on EUR/USD.  But, once I changed to use the method with EUR/GBP I've got MAYOR LOSSES (I've lost the 60 pips and another 100 pips I had made the week before).  Why?

Number 1: This pair is more expensive (spread) - any error will cost twice as much - so this is not a fault of the system (was my problem, as I wasn't aware of the spread cost)

Number 2:

(I can't paste a CHART picture to show you, it seems not to work)

But the two WMA's crossed the tunnel upwards.  The tunnel was opening, and the trade looked good to enter LONG (following the suggestions from the pdf - red tunnel crossed and reopening again).

I entered LONG, it peaked and the two came down like rocks, southwards, crossing the red tunnel in the other direction....i left it there going into -50 pips....SOLD OFF and since the red tunnel AND the WMA's showed that being SHORT was the right thing to do, I did that....one hour later they went back up again, crossing the tunnel for a LONG signal - I've had to go out and loose another 50 pips.....this time I didn't have the nerve to go LONG again......

Since then I've been following the system on the charts, but have not traded with it.....I did not have the courage to follow it again.....If I had, I saw that I could have done some decent pips with EUR/USD.....

I'm looking forward to all of your comments and the continuation of this thread.  We should come up with some refinement of details, like:

- For how many pips MAX is this system good?

- How long should I wait for the red tunnel to open itself? (if you wait too long you're on the last end of the trend and will morelikely catch only the last few pips - incurring the risk of loss).  If you do it too early you can get burnt...

Peter.

To Sidus: I'm still a fan of this simple system and look forward to your work.  Thanks man.

--- 帖子 #142 ---
How could you possibly make 100 pips from a 30 pips bar????

Please explain.

Peter.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
I'm afraid Peter this is something you'll have to get used to in Forex. The system hasn't been invented that always puts you on the right side of the trade. The most you can hope for, long-term, is more winners than losers.

It's impossible to ask what's the max pips for a system, it all depands on the currency pair, the timing of your entry, and outside influences.

I would suggest that you go and look at the FF Calendar and see if you placed your trade around the time of a US or EU announcement.

I suspect that's the likely cause of the fluctuation.

Pete

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Another thought on your trouble with GBP/USD.  You mentioned waiting for the tunnel to open itself.  All you should be looking for is the tunnel to cross.  Sidus has even said that if the 2 WMA's cross, and the red tunnel is converging like they will cross, he will get in.

If you are waiting for the red tunnel to open up again on the other side you probably are just getting in too late.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Yes!, it is possible OrangeRoshan. The small detail is that Im not a programmer.

Actually I have ideas for entries, profit taking and stop loss(actually its more a trail stop rather than a stop loss)that can work for an EA.

For entry:

The EA open a trade when both the 5LWMA and 8LWMA crosses both 18EMA and 33EMA. The entry most be accompanied with 3-5 trading positions(depends on the volatility and trendy of the currency pair)

Profit taking:

The TP are based on Fib levels (34, 55, 89, 144, 233). For example if you buy GBP 1.8500, then your TPs are 1.8534, 1.8555, 18589, 1.8644, 1.8733 etc. Again this also depends on the characteristics of the currency pair.

Stop Loss or Trail Stop

The Stop Loss or Trail Stops is activated when the price reach the actual lower EMA in the case that you are buying or when the price reach the actual upper  EMA when you are selling the pair. In a trend there arent  losses actually, because the  actual  EMAs are higher(buy) or lower(sell) than your entry point.

OR when both LWMAs crosses both EMAs

This accompanied with optional Ranging Market Filter plus Time filters can make a promising EA. The CHFUSD and GBPUSD are more suitable for this EA.

Hope everybody can understand what I mean. Any questions or suggestions are welcomed

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Hey OrangeRoshan:

You seem to be the one that has implemented SIDUS with the greatest success, so far. This is my experience:

I'm a great fan of this method. In my first post I mentioned that I had made 60 pips in two days (with two lots = 120 US$), both on EUR/USD. But, once I changed to use the method with EUR/GBP I've got MAYOR LOSSES (I've lost the 60 pips and another 100 pips I had made the week before). Why?

Number 1: This pair is more expensive (spread) - any error will cost twice as much - so this is not a fault of the system (was my problem, as I wasn't aware of the spread cost) I reccomend cable dollar

Number 2:

(I can't paste a CHART picture to show you, it seems not to work) Use PRINTSCREEN, paste and save it.

But the two WMA's crossed the tunnel upwards. The tunnel was opening, and the trade looked good to enter LONG (following the suggestions from the pdf - red tunnel crossed and reopening again).

I entered LONG, it peaked and the two came down like rocks, southwards, crossing the red tunnel in the other direction....i left it there going into -50 pips....SOLD OFF and since the red tunnel AND the WMA's showed that being SHORT was the right thing to do, I did that....one hour later they went back up again, crossing the tunnel for a LONG signal - I've had to go out and loose another 50 pips.....this time I didn't have the nerve to go LONG again......peterfm said it precisely, it may be in between a fundamentals'.

Since then I've been following the system on the charts, but have not traded with it.....I did not have the courage to follow it again.....If I had, I saw that I could have done some decent pips with EUR/USD.....

I'm looking forward to all of your comments and the continuation of this thread. We should come up with some refinement of details, like:

- For how many pips MAX is this system good? Im using 10pips minimum for the 70% with 35 SL, exit & keep the 30% until the next FIBs without any SL (baby sitting). When the GAP of the REDs is wide, have patience with whipsaw, it will eventually follow the trend. It is indeed your friend!

- How long should I wait for the red tunnel to open itself? (if you wait too long you're on the last end Never too late of the trend and will morelikely catch only the last few pips The REDs always keep a very long trend- incurring the risk of loss). If you do it too early you can get burnt... With Cable, its very volatile, I waited until the REDs(in my case GREENs) cross. Waited until the next (30mins chart) 2nd bar (minimum) is formed with closing higher the the open price in the case of BUY, viceversa with SELL. The use of other filters and Indicator will also help to confirm this.

Peter.

To Sidus: I'm still a fan of this simple system and look forward to your work. Thanks man.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
GBP/USD with Sidus system actually talk to me. It is very volatile. The bar (closing) will move up & down erotically. With no fundamental's announcement, you can basically figure, where the price will go. Buy/Sell every 10-20 pips.

Eg:

The trend is bullish and very strong. The pin slide downwards penetrating either the support or Fibs. It cant go any lower after diving to more than 20pips (Remember: This is only 1hr chart). Since it cant go sideways, it will only go the opposite direction, which is UP. So, BUY!!

Until it reaches the targeted PIPs, Sell it (100% or 70% & keep the 30%, just in case it goes all the way & break resistence). Then wait until it drops down again, Repeat the process!! Its not scalping, its called knowing your pair, its behaviour & the trend.

When the System doesnt talk to you, DONT TRY THIS ATHOME, ITS VEEEERY DANGEROOOOUS!!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #148 ---
How to talk to your chosen currency pair with your trading system?

Step (1).

Look 1-2 weeks back on the charts. Study the behaviour of the pair.

Step (2).

Look @the indicator. How far were the BUY/SELL signals with the actual price. Get a piece of paper and cover half of your screen (to stimulate the future). Study the signal & imagine an entry. Use TEXT and Labels on the charts to pinpoint your move. Then move the charts slowly and see what happens to your prediction. Pipping or not Pipping, Learn from it!

Step (3).

Look @the gap between the tunnels. Look at your other indicators. Take a peek @ the 30mins charts to draw your support & resistance. Look @the time, and see how it behaves. Look @the bar, read them.... and so on.

Step (4).

When you think you know your pair, Talk to it with confidence. TRADE!! Your instinct (within the boundary of the system) will tell you what to do.

Step (5).

Just a glimpse, the pair will talk to you, telling you what to do.

Exercise it, one pip at a time!

This teaching is Brought to you by a Newbie!

Happy Trading

p/s Thanks Sidus

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Yes!, it is possible OrangeRoshan. The small detail is that Im not a programmer. Any Volunteer?

Actually I have ideas for entries, profit taking and stop loss(actually its more a trail stop rather than a stop loss)that can work for an EA.

For entry:

The EA open a trade when both the 5LWMA and 8LWMA crosses both 18EMA and 33EMA. The entry most be accompanied with 3-5 trading positions(depends on the volatility and trendy of the currency pair) Dunno about 33, but I use 28. When The REDs narrowed inside 5&8, the black hole is formed!

Profit taking:

The TP are based on Fib levels (34, 55, 89, 144, 233). For example if you buy GBP 1.8500, then your TPs are 1.8534, 1.8555, 18589, 1.8644, 1.8733 etc. Again this also depends on the characteristics of the currency pair. Thanks to Vegas

Stop Loss or Trail Stop

The Stop Loss or Trail Stops is activated when the price reach the actual lower EMA in the case that you are buying or when the price reach the actual upper EMA when you are selling the pair. In a trend there arent losses actually, because the actual EMAs are higher(buy) or lower(sell) than your entry point.

OR when both LWMAs crosses both EMAs I dont dare to use trail stop. Whipsaw will chop me to pieces! The EMA indicators are very accurate BUT, it doesnt plot WHIPSAW. I will trailstop only when I chop my 30% to 10% with a 5-10SL. Eitherway, Im a Pipster already!

This accompanied with optional Ranging Market Filter plus Time filters can make a promising EA. The CHFUSD and GBPUSD are more suitable for this EA. Please tell me about your time filter. I want to learn!

Hope everybody can understand what I mean. Any questions or suggestions are welcomed

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Hello all. Want to say thanks first of all to Sidus who has created a really decent system. I am applying it to my fundamental analysis of EUR/USD and GBP/USD and it appears to be working just great.

To PeterCross.. The reason you are having problems with the system is Sidus himself stated that he only tested/used it with the EUR/USD and GBP/USD. You are attempting to use it on a highly volatile pair.. I'd suggest maybe switching to another system.

My goal in trading is to have a system for every type of situation. Some tend to work better than others. This coupled with above average knowledge of how money moves and fundamental analysis should net some pretty sweet pips.

Lastly, I want to add, that I am very happy to be a part of a community that shares it's knowledge so willingly. I don't think i've seen a jerk yet in these forums.

Take care and happy pipping!

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Me too!    Yes, indeed, no jerks around.  This is a great community and I like the positive mindset that is around....

.....I think that the human brain is one of the greatest "computer systems" on earth....but if we can combine hundreds, thousands of them...working together towards one common goal (PIIIIPPSSS..... , or whatever other goal we might have here at FF) than the results should be pretty impressive.

Think about this: Everyone of us here has only so much time to allocate for this complicated stuff called Forex trading....but if everybody throws in his little bit, than the result is again COMPOUNDING!

So, lets continue to stick our heads together, like good ol' football players....and see how many get their goals accomplished.

Thanks to all of you for the answers to my thread.  Thanks for your valuable time!!!!

Wish you pips and happiness.

Peter.

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Hello everybody, I just wanted to say a very warm thanks to SIDUS for his great method and I just have made my first 30 pips live with his method. This is really a very simple, clear and straithforward method and I clearly see that anbody following this method will make a lot of pips

I wish a very happy trading to everybody and a very good day

It is my fourth posting in FF but I have been reading for about 6 months and I really have found it that it is really the best forum on the net about forex with positive people only.

Sincerly

Shreem

--- 帖子 #153 ---
I agree. There were a lot of trade opportunities overnight but of course I missed them because I was asleep. I wish there was an EA available to trade the method. I would be willing to even pay for one because I know it would be profitable.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Thank you for sharing this Sidus. It looks like it may be a great model to add to the old trading arsenal.

I love the simplicity!

Well done, sir.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
You are right, last night I missed the opportunities too. Making an Sidus EA would be a perfect  complement with the Phoenix EA, they exploit the trending markets and the ranging markets respectively. Its a shame that I just began to learn the know-how of EAs.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Yeah, no worries though. EA's are fun for your mini's and demos but no-one trades EA's professionally. Going to bed with an EA running on a $50,000

account? Won't happen.

When you start trading as a career, you need an office and you need a specific timeframe. That's all.

Good luck/Good trading

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Hmmm.. Sorry ktrade. I happened to know someone who has been trading for over 15 years. A Professional Trader, an engineer by profession. He is using a Neuro technology, a form of AI, designed to trade for him automatically.

Yes, he is very secretive about it. Hopefully, he will share it with his students one day!

That's not an opinion but a Fact!

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Thanks Sidus for this simple and great system. But why are you so quite? Are you cooking something even better?

khanma

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Hi All....

I have a huge contribution to make to this method! I could keep this a secret to myself, but I believe in "You get back what you put out"... So I will put this out to all of you...

I have 2 things to add to this system that I have been trading with huge success...  1st... Instead of 5 & 8 EMA's (too much chop), Use 5 & 12 EMA's. They are way more accurate. I signed up for Pro-Signal in the past and I figured out that all their signals were generated from a 5 & 12 EMA cross on the 1 Hr. chart!

People pay thousands a year for this simple advice.... The truth is... It works. And when you add it to the Sidus Tunnel cross you have the closest thing to the Holy Grail!!!!

2nd... Look at RSI. Calibrate it to 21 on the 1 hr. chart. When it climbs above 50 its on the up trend and stay in until it crosses below the 50 and vice versa for the short!

I've been trading this method with huge success... 959 pips in June so far!!!!!!!!!!!!!

It gets you in the new trades and keeps you out of bad ones!

So....  Look for the 5 & 8 EMA cross first... Then wait for the tunnel cross (18 & 28 EMA) and take the trade on the break out...

MONEY IN THE BANK!!!!!!

I hope this helps!

BAGOVINO

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Sorry!!!!

Look for the 5 & 12 EMA CROSS!!!!!!!!!  ( Not 5 & 8 EMA).

--- 帖子 #161 ---
thanks for clear that up..but instead of another post, maybe, it is better if you edit the previous post.........lol.

thanks sidus and all who contribute to this method..

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Interesting, I will definitelly study it.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #163 ---
EMA or WMA?

--- 帖子 #164 ---
All EMA's!

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Hello Bagovino and everybody, I have 1 question about your improvement of the SIDUS Method. First of all, a big thank to you for your willingness to share your knowledge. It is really much appreciated. I agree with with that there is a universal law of action and reaction and if you share something good with others, it will come back manifold to you.

Back to the topic, my question is as follow:

1) About RSI 21, are you interested to look at Overbought when at 70% and oversold at 30% and if yes, do you consider them as as sign telling you that the trend may be eventually reversing or just looking at the + 50% for up and - 50% for down?

Thank you very much in advance for your answer

Wishing all a very happing trading and lot of pips

Shreem

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Hi all,

Another newbie question, how long do you need to stay in a trade with tis method? We use 1H chart but do we need to stay for the whole hour or make pips and out? Please share your experience?

Thanks

Khanma

--- 帖子 #167 ---
I put in the order Friday to go short the yen, got out with half my position after just a few pips profit, and then let the rest run, and it went all the way to my limit, 60 or 65 pips away.  took about 4 hours because the market really wasn't moving at first.

I'd say it's better to let it run awhile.  But I also like to set a profit target that's a ways out there and then get out when it reaches it.  But of course, if the signals reverse then you should get out.

my 2 cents

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Hello Bagovino,

I am just trying to understand what you are suggesting.  Sidus is recommending the 5 and 8 WMA, are you recommending using the 5 and 12 EMA or 5 and 12 WMA?  I am just a bit confused.  I would appreciate the help here.  I like the Sidus method very well so far, but of course would not be adverse to an improvement on it.  I am just not sure what you meant in that post.  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
I'm also a newbie (only been trading for about 8 months) but have traded the original Vegas 1 hour and 4 hour models these past few months. With regards to profit taking, what you may want to try is taking your profits using fib numbers (34, 55, 89, 144 etc) calculated from where the lines cross/intersect.

From my experience using the Vegas models (which is similar to this Sidus method) I have been extremely successful with my trades. I tend to also use those numbers as a gauge. For example...your winning trade hits 55 pips, then 89, then makes it to 110. I know that the next fib number is 144 so if the trade doesn't hit the 144 target, I must take my profits off at the 89 fib.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Shreem, I set the RSI to 21 on the 1 hr only and just use it to see it cross the 50 line.  I dont use it for over bought/sold conditions. It also helps keep you in a trade.... Say it drops under the 50 and all signals say short.... You stay in the short until the RSI climbs above the 50 line. I usually stay in the trade untill all the EMA's bunch together or cross over to the other side while watching the RSI.

Zoopy, I like to use pivots with the Fibs to take profits.

Moon, I use only EMA's.... Sorry for the typo!

BAGOPIPS...

--- 帖子 #171 ---
I see a lot people mention vegas method/model, anyone know the link so that I could read that first.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Hello Bagovino and all others, thank you very much for your clarification about the use of RSI 21. It is very clear for me now how to use it with the Sidus method. I haved looked back at the chart and watching the 50% level of this RSI 21 and it is very helpul to determine the trend and how long to stay in it. It is clearly another strong edge for this method along with the replacement of the 5 and 8 LWA by the 5 and 12 EMA. After having comparing to identical 1H charts with both of them, it is clear that the 5 and 12 EMA remove a lot of false signal in a whipsaw period or channel.

I have put the Vegas fib levels for take profit.

I have another question regarding this method for all of you.

When all signals for a trend as already occured (exemple: the GBP/USD as of today is trending up) can you enter another position or can you enter this trend if you have missed the various crosses in the beginning of this new trend or do you need to wait for getting all the new signal to get a trade in the opposite direction?

Thank again and a very happy trading to all

Shreem

--- 帖子 #173 ---
It dependes on:

1: the trend & gaps projected by 18&28EMA.

2. Also here's where the 5&8WMA originally fm Sidus comes in handy. It can accurately tells you where the market is going.

3. How volatile is your pair.

4. Has it cross any fibs

Thanks

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Click the SEARCH forum & type VEGAS WEALTH BUILDER.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Hello OrangeRoshan, thank you very much for your answer to my question. It is much clearer now to what to look for. I am mainly focusing on the GBP/USD pair as it is more volatile than the Euro.

Thanks again and a very happy trading

Shreem

--- 帖子 #176 ---
More than welcome.

GBP/USD is same pair im using.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Hello Guys,

I'm sorry that I couldn't answer your questions. I was living 'la vita loca' in France. (Champagne Shopping).

From now on I will be available to answer your questions. I want to thank everybody who answered questions in my place while I was away.

And don't be afraid, I'm working on version 2. I will include some of yout very interesting comments!

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Welcome Back Sidus!! Yeeeesss!!!

--- 帖子 #179 ---
OrangeRoshan,

I can honestly say that I really appreciate your comments and contributions on this thread. (not only you, but everybody else too!)

--- 帖子 #180 ---
SAR will be used for improving the method in V 2.0!

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Sidus,

I have been diligently studying the Sidus Method and have changed my opinion of its effectiveness... my conclusion after historical review is that it is a VERY good method!  I agree that the SAR can only help to further ensure the expected movement of the trade but what you have with the EMA/WMAs is awesome.

I am now attempting to look at the incorporation of the RSI etc.. However, I am using MT4 and I don't have the correct RSI indicator on my platform therefore could someone please post the RSI indicator?

Thanks!

Sir Pips Alot

--- 帖子 #182 ---
You are more than welcome. I really thank you for the system. Really appreciate it. Thank you Sidus.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Hello Sidus, I am very happy that you are back on the thread. I really do want to thank you very much for sharing your method and I already see that it is a very good one.

Cannot wait to receive your version 2 and I hope that you had a great time in France

Happy trading to everyone for this new week coming tonight.

Shreem

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Hello its2die4, I have posted the original RSI indicator for MT4. You just need to save it in your MT4 broker platform under expert/indicator and after close your platform and open it again.

Hope this help

Shreem

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Hi Guys,

Shreem... You can enter after the first cross. Just wait for all lines to come together again then seperate along with a price break out. Also look at pivots lines and fibs for a break or resistance. However, it is safest to enter on a fresh cross as it signals the beginning of a new trend.

I'd like to stress the 5 & 12 EMA's again... Like I said, that is all that Pro-Signal is based on and then charge hundreds a month for it.... That along with the Sidus 18 & 28 tunnel just make it so easy to see what to do!

I think 959 pips in one month prove it. I placed 13 trades so far with only one loser of -9 pips.

The 5 and 8 WMA's are too choppy.... Give it a try and see what works best for you!

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #186 ---
My MT platform will not accept the RSI indicator.  Is it just an RSI 21?  If so, that is easy enough to put in.

And to Situs, thank you again.  I still do not understand why the system works quite as well as it does, but it certainly does work well.

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Thank you for posting that RSI Indicator but yet I guess you were right I did already have it after all... but how does one know when it exceeds the 50% mark if there is no watermark?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Hello Bagovino and all, thank you vey much for your reply, it is a lot helpful. I agree with you that the safest time to enter is when a new trend is formed by all the signals.

Hello its2die4, I am glad that you found the RSI on your platform. If it not already done, just change it from the default 14 to a period of 21 as it was stated by bagovino.

About the 50% mark, when you open your RSI indicator from the indicator list, just go to the tab named level and enter a 50 mark and save it and then afterward, a 50% level will appear on the RSI on the chart.

Hope this help and wishing you all happy trading

Shreem

--- 帖子 #189 ---
We need to get Bagovino's method coded into an EA. I think its a winner. I wish I had the know-how to code EAs

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Thanks guys for this thread, its been most informative.

Here's a newbie question...

When you use moving averages - both exponential and weighted, what price do you apply them to: close, open, high, low, median (hl/2)???

--- 帖子 #191 ---
shreem.... It helps a great deal THANX!  We have a great group of guys and gals here on this board therefore now let us endevor to increase our wealth!!

--- 帖子 #192 ---
thank you for your post..and help.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Yardie,

I think so too... I think this style may be too discretionary, but we can try!

Know any programmers?

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Hello Sidus

Thank you for a great system. I am thankful to everybody

else who writes here. My question as a newbie is where

should I place the SL. I apologise if this was discussed before and I may have missed it.

Specially If Orange Roshan  can tell me/us where he places SL in GBP/USD as it is his main trading pair.

Senbanda

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Bagovino Take Profit and Sto Loss can be discretionary. Tradeigel is the only one I know in this thread that can program EAs. But so far he doesnt appear to think its worthwhile. Maybe we can start up some kind of collection and pay him to do it or something.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
...Guess there is no way for this system to predict this action.  Wonder what happpend

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Its seems to me the biggest problem coding this EA would be to protect from false signals; in other words how or when would the EA determine if there is a true/valid cross? would it determine it at the close of the hour or would it be done dynamically (i.e., per tick)? If its done at the close of the bar then how many pips over the cross would be considered a true cross and worthy of pulling the trigger on the execution of the trade? The other thing to ask is should a execution of trades be taken only when the tunnel has been crossed or should a trade be taken even upon the cross of the 5/8 (or 5/12 if that's preferred) while in a determined legthy trend?

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Is anyone using the Sidius method on AccuCharts?

--- 帖子 #199 ---
I see the point you are making and there is what I believe is a splendid example at present.

I guess you are referring to a situation as exists at present with Cable.  It has dropped over 60 pips, the EMA 12 has crossed the EMA 5 as well as the upper wall of the tunnel but it has not crossed the tunnel.

I think that seeing the whole picture, as well as what is going on with the other majors, I vote to trade, but I am not sure how I would get an EA to see why I am doing it and how this situation may be different from  some other time when the EMA 12 has not fully crossed the tunnel.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
The EA would execute trades based on the crosses. I suppose it can be created so that it will wait for both crosses or just one. I observed just this past hour that we could have made some nice pips on the USDJPY, EURUSD and other crosses just from the 5/12 ema cross and RSI on the 30 minute chart. I know the focus here is on the 1 hour charet...But I some nice pips can be made on the 30 minute chart as well. I think the RSI can be used as stops maybe +- 3 from the 50 mark? (+ for SHORT stops and - for LONG stops).

--- 帖子 #201 ---
It did predict it -- on the 30 minute chart. Thats what I have been watching Unfortunately, I didnt take the trade.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
I think the EMA 5 and 12 along with the RSI (and maybe the SAR) is the key to this system. A lot of pips can be wasted waiting for the tunnel. The tunnerl is for the extra cautious IMO.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Oh if we really want to wait for the tunnel we should look to the 15 minute charts. Some nice pips to be made there as well.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
It is safest to exit before any major news being released. Use the FF calender, its excellent.

Switch to 1 month chart to see the long term trend, recheck with weeknly & daily. When it coincide with your one hour, the trend is indeed your friend!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Bagovino... What you suggest is basically Alan Hull's Multiple Moving Averages... Sidus' system also a MMA system... Only difference -- you leve the tunnel blank...

Guppy and Hull MMAs work all the time...

Cheers,

--- 帖子 #206 ---
You do not need SAR... Read Alan Hull's MMAs... That's what you are doing here - in a modified version... Guppy and Hull MMAs work all the time...

Your red channel is Investors -- Your WMA channel is traders...

FYI:

Hull's MMA:

EMA 2,4,6,8,10,12 Yellow

EMA 19,22,25,28,31,34 Green

Try it and it will show the market better than tunnels -- works on all timefarmes...

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Yes, the situation on the cable presently is a good example to use... what would the EA do in this case since the 12 has clearly overtaken the 5 now and is on top but yet they (5 & 12) have yet to completely cross downward the tunnel.  Thus, would the EA be programmed to gamble a bit in anticipation of the continued downward move and place a sell or should it wait until some determined amount of pips beyond the tunnel before executing the sell? and then how many pips beyond the tunnel is "safe" to assume that low risk entry?

You see programming the EA for Sidus may not be so easy.... its difficult to translate, with accuracy, the rules of our visial/manual trading into code I think.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
I have plotted the 2EMA you suggested. Yes, it it does filter a lot of noises. Good for Mid-long term entry exit trading style. Good One!!

However I still keep the original WMAs because it help me to implement 100/30 system. I plotted yours (dash lines, same colour) & the original's Sidus to keep me pinpoint on precise entry & exit. This way, I can see Whiplash boogieing on my charts. No longer im afraid of them.

Good Finding Bagovino!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #209 ---
For the EA it can ignore the tunner or look at lower time frames for a tunner (for example the 30 minute for a one hour chart and 15 minute for a 30 minute chart). For the current chart it can execute a trade using the 5/12 EMA cross and the RSI (and maybe the parabolic SAR as well). If its a long term trend, then the tunnel will catch up eventually.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
What is EA by the way?

Newbie khanma

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Cable Dollar is a volatile pair. Whipsaw will lash you a couple of time on each bar. But, the trend is known so, it is less to worry about.

Entering & exiting the market is just logic. Example:

In a Bull market:

Level 1:

Wait until the price dropped below the opening price, @least 5 - 10pips, then enter with 35SL. It will give to a good 5-10 pips margin additional to your 35SL, just in case the demon put some unexpected weight on the Pin bar. Other than that, premature exit with a loss will probable not happen, instead you will gain @least 10pips margin derived from the clever entry + the already known bull trend from our indicator.

Level 2:

Do the above but do not exit and let the profit run to the desired pip target and adjusting the SL when you are over 11pips from the entry to 10SL. This way, you are sure a Pipster already. Please take the spread into account!

Level 3:

Modification of level 2, but chop 50% from your original lot (SELL), and let the profit run until the next crossing. Adjust your stop loss as suggested on level 2.

Level 4:

Do level 1,2,3 and when your dealer allows it, Piping the bar with multiple entry (buy/sell) making the whiplash to work FOR you. Now, the rend is your guardian and the whiplash is your friend!

When you want the whiplash to be your enemy, use trailstop. Meaning I dont recommends it, as it cut your profits unnecesarily, ESPECIALLY when you are trading big lots!!

I hope that helps a bit with your question.

Happy trading with Risk management discipline.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Sorry, I dont completely understand your proposal... I looked at the 30m cable and it shows that the 5/12 has already crossed the tunnel so are you suggesting that that bit of information is sufficient to enter the sell?

--- 帖子 #213 ---
No offense intended to those talking about getting an EA, but I would rather just trade it myself.  That way I know when I am getting in, and if it looks like it is going against me I can just get out.  One thing the EA probably wouldn't be able to take into account is sudden drops such as from news...

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Here is a good template for manual trading. Of course, whipsaws happen, but in the long run, it is still profitable I think

--- 帖子 #215 ---
You might want to right click on the Horizontal line on the RSI and edit the object property to get the whole number.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Yes of course. To each is own. But for me its no fun watching the chart all the time to see when a signal shows up. EAs have Stop Loss and Take profit for a reason (well some as TP and SL built in).

--- 帖子 #217 ---
I am looking for two main things right now -- the 5 and 12 cross and the RSI. The tunnel is just further confirmation.,, but it usually comes too late. So I look at the 5 and 12 ema cross, RSI and the Parabolic SAR. I made about 50 pips the past few hours on the EURUSD, GBPUSD and USDCHF using this. I could have made over 100 pips if I didnt miss the entry on the USDJPY. This is why I am keen on getting an EA programmed for this.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
It is an Expert Advisor. It is like a trading robot or autotrader.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
I did it , though I pay more attention to ATR in this case, because when volatility increases, a few decimals should be dealth with  without panic, I think

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
How do you filter the crosses from ema's with the RSI and PSAR ?

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Yardie,

Using the 5 & 12 EMA cross with RSI on the 30 min looks interesting. It seems we can use the 18 & 28 tunnel to judge whether to stay in the trade or not... So if we are long we stay in as long as we are riding above the tunnel. We would then exit when we cross through the tunnel.

Looking at the latest EUR/USD move, the 5/12 cross on the 30 min would get us in around 1.2685, where as the 1 hr 18/28 tunnel would have gotten  us in at 1.2625... a 60 pip difference. That is huge!

Maybe we can incorporate a 3 screen/timeframe method for entry and exits.... Look how adding a 60 SMA and zooming in on the 5 min can help. The 60 SMA works as support or resistance depending on which side price is on.

I've never traded with SARS before.... How does it work/help with this system?

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #222 ---
I appreciate it very much

Senbanda

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Anybody working on strategies for re-entries and/or late entries?

--- 帖子 #224 ---
If you look at the USDJPY chart you would seea  huge 40 pip miss as well based on the one hour chart that could have been had by looking at the 30 minute. Parabolic SAR generally give you the direction of the pair. When the trend is down the P-SAR is above the tunnel. When it is up it is below the tunnel.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Sure if the RSI is below 50 (for a LONG) and there is a cross you stay out of the trade and wait for the other paramaters to line up (such as RSI and SAR).

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Yardie, is it RSI 21 ?

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Yes thats the setting Bagovino mentioned earlier.

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Sidus,

I like your ideas, thanks for sharing them with me and everyone else.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
I imagine you could trade price bounces off the 18/28 tunnel as long as the 5/12 EMA's do not cross/pass-thru. Enter after the 5 EMA has turned toward the direction of the original trade with at least a 10 pip spread between the 5 EMA and the tunnel to avoid chop. Also avoid entering if 5 & 12 start to do the "DNA spiral" near the tunnel. Give yourself breathing room, but don't wait to long or SL will be too big. Hope that makes sense.

Something else to consider before taking a bounce is how long the current Sidus trade has been going on.  If profit levels of 89, 144 or higher from the tunnel have already been hit, then a bounce entry may not be such a good idea.

Just an idea based on a similar system I have used in the past involving EMA's on a 1/2 hr timeframe...

--- 帖子 #230 ---
You are more than welcome. Welcome to the friendliest FX Forum on the planet!

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Thanks bon - good info!

--- 帖子 #232 ---
MT4 platform let you hedge, meaning you can have multiple SELL/BUY without exiting your previous trade.

Strategy 1

As long as you are +vely piping due to your early entry. Study the whiplash using the shortterm indicator (BLUE&YELLOW) and buy/sell accordingly for a nice 10pips profits. This takes practice & understanding the behavious of your pair. Volatile pair like CableDollar is my favourite. Use 35SL for whiplash protection. e.g: Bearish trend: When the price hit the lowest, way down 30+ pips, Reverse (BUY) for a good 10-15 pips.

Strategy 2

According to the trend, in NOW case, its bearish for cable$. Wait until the price move 15 to 20pips up, then Short (bearish trend)

Strategy 3

Combination of strategy 1&2.

This is what my mentor (20+yrs trading experience) taught me. He call it 100/30pips system.

Strategy 4

When all indicators confirm the trend. The distance between the 2 tunnels are increasing (trend continue) AND the angle of the 4 indicators are following the trend, then Enter according to the trend with confidence.

I hope this will help a bit.

Happy trading & dont forget Risk Management.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Thanks for this info Orange.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Between last night and Friday I've made 60 pips average per lot, that's just on 3 to 4 trades, and I haven't had a single negative one yet.  There is a lot of potential here.  This was on the Cable, Swissy, and the Yen.

(Oh and btw, I've just been using the original 5 & 8 WMAs for the most part.  I think I like them better than the 5 & 12 EMAs, but not sure yet.)

Best,

Lerey

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Azhotpipper,

Try the 5 & 12 just to compare to the 5 & 8... I'd like to see what you come up with.

Yardie,

How are you doing with the 5 & 12 cross and 21 RSI on the 30 min? Looks good to me!!!

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Yes looks very good, but its no fun watching the chart to see the opportunities. I think Tradeigel is working on a EA that I will be testing this week. Not sure if he has incorporated the RSI as yet though. I think the RSI is important

--- 帖子 #237 ---
What time frame are you working with?

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Yardie,

If you dont want to watch the charts all day, just do what I do... Sign up at www.alertfx.com  They will send a text alert to your phone when the MA's cross.

BaGOVINO

--- 帖子 #239 ---
I think we are creating 2 systems out of one here that can work in harmony!

It seems the 5 & 12 EMA on the 30 min along with RSI set at 21 gets us in a trade early and quickly profitable. It also seems when that synch's in with the sidus method we can make some huge pips!

So what I am proposing is we can enter of the 5/12 30min signal with multiple lots... say 4. We take profit on half the position when things meet with the 1hr sidus method... If things line up there we let the remaining position ride the rest of the trend until the 18/28 meet again.

What do you guys think?

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Yeeessss!! Now thats brilliant. Ive been using the chopping method thru James16Group Forum (The Knife System/Subscribe when you want to see it) teaching. But, my friend the 30mins charts bundle is brilliant.

Welldone & Thanks!

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Thanks for the tip Bagovino .

--- 帖子 #242 ---
I did a trade 07/23 04:35 SHORT at 1.2618 when EMA18 crossed EMA28. I had a SL -40 pips so it was hit 7/25 01:34AM. Was I late or did not I let the trade room enough? Was this just a mishot that should be just accepted.

At the moment channel is crossing again (EMA18 equals EMA28). WMAs have crossed too. Have you already gone LONG?

Thanks,

nchosen

--- 帖子 #243 ---
The present situation on GBP/USD  is very risky in my estimation.  I would not enter a trade at this juncture; looking at the Hr the 5/12 is straddling the tunnel and unfortunately the 30min chart doesnt offer any help in determining.  Any others see it differently?

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Right now its best to stay out... The market is directionless.... It will show us which way to go soon. Be paient and let the trade come to you!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Assuming you traded the EUR/USD (@ 1.2618) it appears you entered your short on the 5-8 WMA cross and not the 18-28 EMA cross which was still indicating an uptrend when you entered (RSI was also a good bit above 50 at this time).

Presently, the EUR/USD is in a sideways spiral that will only eat your pips until you give the price a chance to breakout of the spiral by a good 10 pips (just to be safe).  I normally don't wait for candle closes to enter a trade, but in the case of a sideways spiral I will wait until a candle closes outside the spiral before thinking about trading it.

Be patient and watch the story unfold.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Hi,

Thanks for prompt reply. Yes I traded EUR/USD.

I double checked my graph. WMAs has crossed many hours before. That is why I doubted if I was late in trade. I am really talking about EMAs grossing here and they are really going down in my graphs. BTW I am trading FX Trading Station II and my WMAs are LWMAs (Linear...).

Thanks,

nchosen

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Actually things look pretty clear on the GBPUSD 30 minute chart to me. There is a south move. But maybe too late to enter now...The entry was around the 1.8500 mark.

BTW Tradeigel has made an EA using the RSI, and EMA 5 and 12 crosses (tunnel is not included for now). I received it at gmail as code though instead of an attachment. If someone can tell me how to compile the code into a MQ4 file for the EA I would appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Looks like it wasnt too late afterall. The GBPUSD just dropped like a rock.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Just like EUR/USD did. Looks like their were news I did not follow.

nchosen

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Nope no news that I am aware of.

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Now I know who is the news watcher in this forum.

nchosen

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Oops. My mistake. I see your entry point and the cross of the 18-28. I think you made a good entry and your SL was reasonable. You lost one, but thats just part of the game. I always use SL's, but I like to monitor my trades often which sometimes negates the SL and I will bail out manually when the 5 & 8 cross and/or start to do a sideways spiral pattern.

This type of trading strategy is actually two trades stacked on each other (someone else mentioned this earlier) and if played right you can use a very small SL.

I like to watch the 5-8 WMA's ( or 5-12 EMA's if you prefer) and enter with 4-6 lots when they cross close (10-15 pips out) to the 18-28 tunnel. This is my short term/small SL trade. If the trade goes thru the tunnel, then I am in it for a longer term. The nice thing is this: If am already in profit from my short term trade, then I put my SL locked in profit of several or more pips just on the other side of the tunnel after the price leaves 20 or so pips in profit. From here on out it is free pippin'.

If my short term trade starts to go against me, then I bail out and make another entry attempt later while either several pips in profit or losing a few pips. I will never allow myself to lose more than 5 pips on my short term trade before the short term trade has crossed thru the tunnel. I am relying on the momentum of the price to carry me to (and hopefully thru) the 18-28 tunnel. If that isn't happening I am out, pronto. I'm willing to give up a few pips on multiple entry attempts because when the trade eventually does go, it usually goes big.

As the price pulls away from the tunnel in my long term trade, I take profit at fib levels (21, 34, 89, 144) while moving my SL deeper into profit as the next fib level is reached. I usually let the last lot(s) run using a 20 pip trailing stop.

What I am doing is a culmination of several strategies that I have studied.  In case you are wondering, I am demoeing Sidus' method using the above guidelines.  I like it so far  !

--- 帖子 #253 ---
I use that too.  Its a great service (fast!!!) and its FREE.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Thanks for clarifying. Just few more questions: What's your regular time frame and fibo leves just now?

nchosen

--- 帖子 #255 ---
I prefer the 1/2 hr timeframe and my fib levels start where the 8WMA crosses the tunnel. I use fib levels 21, 34, 55, 89, 144 and sometimes 15 if the trade has lost momentum after passing thru the tunnel. It helps to have a basic understanding of the way each pair moves and retraces also. Sometimes you have to take a lot or two of profit early at your discretion if the lower fib levels have already been breached when the 8 crosses the tunnel (i.e. you are at the 55 fib level when the tunnel is crossed by the 8 WMA).

I'm considering moving to the 5 & 13 EMA's to try out. 13 instead of 12 because it is a fibo #  .

Also, I try not to enter a trade in the first 5 minutes or last 5 minutes of a 30 min candle (a habit I got into when I was using Bunnygirl's BGX system) as people may be taking profit at those times and skewing the entry point so that I am in a losing position within minutes of entry.

Most importantly, I'm learning from what I do (I consider myself a mediocre trader at best, LOL).

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Thanks again, i'll be watching this strategy and try to learn something.

nchosen

--- 帖子 #257 ---
You're welcome.

You know, we're all really doing the same thing basically, but as someone else mentioned we are tweaking the plan to fit our own individual lifestyle and profit goals.

I look forward to hearing about your next trade.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
In this system you just get a signal because you're following the trend.  There's no valid reason why 28 and 18 and 8 and 5 work, aren't you just using those because they tested the best?

--- 帖子 #259 ---
WOW, that would be an excellent service to have when being away from the desk!

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Hey.  I just had an idea.  Is anyone else trading the sidus method on MSN Messenger?  It would be great to have a chatroom going of just all the people using this method so we can share when we spot a signal and so forth.  I already have one other person that's using this method and we talk this way.  If you are interested just send me a instant message at lereyb@hotmail.com and/or add me to ur friends.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Can't win them all AZHotpipper. I have added you to my MSN. I think its a great idea.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Hi Guys,

I just wanted to point out an observation I've made while studying this method over the past couple of weeks....

When the market is trending, there is no doubt that the Sidus method will be very profitable. However, on a week such as this past one where the market was in a range and not really trending one way or another this method is inaffective. You either stay out of the trades because there is no clear signal or you want to trade so bad that you take a trade on a wishy washy weak signal and it turns on you.

In order to trade profitably all the time you need 2 methods... One in a trending market (Sidus), and one in a ranging market.

The method I see that works best for a ranging market is the 5/12 EMA cross with the RSI set at 21 with a 50 level cross!

If you study the charts on the 30 min you will see that either the RSI or the 5/12 cross will precursor the upcoming move, meaning: The 5/12 cross may happen first in which you will wait for confirmation of the RSI cross, or the RSI will cross the 50 and you wait for confirmation of the 5/12 ema cross. Either way it is good for atleast 20 to 30 pips. You also want to use pivots, fibs and trendlines. You can then use it in combonation with the Sidus method. So you take the 30 min trade and it starts to take off. You then look at the 1Hr Sidus chart and if it gives a signal guess what? You just got in super early for a huge profit! If not you continue to take your 20 - 30 pips in the ranging market.

So set up the charts, do some research and tell me what you think...

LOOKS GOOD TO ME!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #263 ---
after reading earlier posts (I think from you) that is what I have been doing.  Right now I am in the dollar yen, exited my first 2 lots for about 30 pips each, and am in the last one for 55-60 pips of gain right now...  Works like a charm.

Thanks for your input.  It has really helped.   Oh, and I'll repeat, if anyone wants to send me an IM that uses the sidus method you can.  LereyB@hotmail.com on MSN.

Attaching pictures of my charts.  Also if you notice there was an earlier entry signal that I missed, and if I would have got in there I might still be in per the original sidus method on the 1 hr chart.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Azhotpipper,

How did you handle the false long signal before going short?

--- 帖子 #265 ---
What indicators are you using Carmel? I didnt see any false signals myself.

--- 帖子 #266 ---
On the original Sidus Method chart wasn't there a false signal long with the cross of the 5 and 12 before they turned and headed down?

--- 帖子 #267 ---
On 30 minute time frame? Was the RSI above 50? Are you using EMA 5 and 12?

--- 帖子 #268 ---
"Yes" to all of the above.  Look back a couple of posts to the "Sidus Original" chart attached on post #266 to see what I mean.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Carmel,

I see what you mean. Would probably have been stopped out on that false signal. You cannot win all the trades you know? You would have been able to make back the loss plus some on the subsequent down move.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Hey, were to find EMA & WMA in marketiva? sry for the dum question but i really like your strategy! thanks

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Hi bagovino,

From my own preliminary investigation you have perfected the Sidus method to the degree that we can now, albeit gingerly, proceed into the horizontal markets as well as profit from trending markets with the use of the RSI et. al. as you've specified on the 30m charts.  I will continue to review the history but I have looked at a view key flat timeframes with very good results (not perfection but of course there's no such thing in fx but, I see very high probability with this method of trading).  Thanks for your input and I will be messaging you soon.

Sir PipsAlot

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Check out the attached Word doc... looking at the 30m chart will usually give an early indicator for entry yet for this instance its the hourly that gives the correct indicator... how bizarre is that?!

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Well I am thinking I am missing out here and should get my own Demo acct. going soon to see how it all works. Guess Sidus is still putting together the EA? Was hoping for a copy of that to try it. I have never traded in the Forex, only stocks, but do want to try the Forex in a small acct.. Wonder what charting program, software, broker would be best to start. You guys are all great, interseting to follow and read all these posts.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Hi Guys,

Thanks for the positive input and the confirmation of my addition to the Sidus Method... Look how awesome it worked today on the EURO/USD... We were ranging, we got the 30 min signal and it lead to the 1HR signal and we are in about 100 pips profit!!!

Lets all try to combine and test this method... I think it is the closest thing to the holy grail yet!!!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Agreed, Simply awsome!

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Well lets all pitch in, get on the same page, and make this happen!!!

All tips are welcome!!!!!!

Bagovino

(Looking to make us all millionaires!!!!!)

--- 帖子 #277 ---
well. I missed the move yesterday.. but the strategy does look good.......thank you

also, ,sidus....how are you doing?  cannot wait to hear from you and your second strategy...and to you orangeRohan..thanks .....

A Big thank you to all of the contributors......

--- 帖子 #278 ---
bagovino: I tried your method yesterday on the EUR/USD and GBP/USD... +190 pips

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Being new to the Fx market, I will like to thank Sidius for sharing such a wonderful method of trading. Also to everyone for such positive contribution.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Guys, The 30mins/1hr charts with Sidus & Vegas 1hr tunnel is a money Machine!! While Sidus do his Part 2, we ride on the current strategy & make pips. Stick to your Money Risk Management. 100pips a day is normal.

Bagovino did a terrific job refining the system. I highly recommends it. Im currently having 2 charts, left 30mins & right 1hr. I put Vegas 1hr tunnel with the 1hr chart. Its perfect!!

Stay focus friends, & excited. Many more to come!!

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Somebody has the 1h vegas channel mt4 encoded ?

There was a 4h channel, but probably not designed for 1h.

We want  to think to implement both system togheter on mt4 ?

I have started seriously to try to let the computer make money for me and started to encode the system i use, which is simil;ar to this 2 togheter

Thanks

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Here's what I have:

--- 帖子 #283 ---
USe MT4 for your charting. YOu can download a copy at www.strategybuilderfx.com.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Yardie,

Sorry for the late reply, but to make an EA you need to open your MetaEditor (MetaQuotes Language Editor under Tools):

1.  click New

2.  make sure Expert Advisor is checked

3.  click Next

4.  Enter the name of the EA

5.  Click Finish

6.  Then cut and paste your code into the new EA and save

7.  Shut down MT4, restart it and it should appear in your EA list.

Cheers,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Thanks INvestingjeff I have the EA compiled and enabled but I seem to be having EA problems. Trades are not being triggered, I am getting weird Old Tick data errors etc...and I have tried with two different brokers so I dont know.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
This is an amazing thread! Definitely will give it a try. Actually if I have tried it yesterday on EUR/USD on right time, I may have got 150 pips already.

Thank you all for sharing and improving this system.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
cheers ktrade.

If the system im implementing will work fine on mt4 and make money alone, without me watching things Ill let you know

Somebody use MT4 brokers and let EA work alone ?

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Hi Bagovino,

In Sidus 's system he recommended 10-15 pips SL for EUR/USD and EUR/GBP. Now your improvement of using EMA 5/12 cross confirmed with RSI 21 (is it in 30M or 1H scale?) crossing 50% line put the entry point much earlier than Sidus's system. Does that increase risk? Should we use  a smaller or bigger SL (than 15 pips)? And what about for GBP/USD and USD/JPY pairs?

Any comments?

aha

--- 帖子 #289 ---
No probs. Look forward to your success.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Here's all the Vegas indicators for MT4.

The Risk Model are as follows:

EUR/USD 1&2

GBP/USD 1&3

USD/CHF 2

USD/JPY 1

AUD/USD 1

USD/CAD 2

EUR/JPY 2

EUR/GBP 1

Click on the indicators once & twice for each risk model. Just change the Risk# accordingly! None of the indicators work on 30mins chart. Thats the reason I used 2 charts, 1 with vegas (1hr 5&8 WMA), 1 without Vegas (30mins 5&12EMA)

When anyone can plot Vegas 30mins tunnel correctly, that would be Pipastic!!

Happy Trading!

--- 帖子 #291 ---
hello can u describe to me wht is EA actually?

im really newbie..huh

--- 帖子 #292 ---
I am really new here too. But there was a post in this thread saying that EA is Expert Assistant, which is a program/thread/script that runs to analyse the chart for you all the time, give signals, even place and close trade for you. How nice.

I am with OANDA right now, don't know if EA will be any use to me.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Thanks OrangeRoshan.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Yardie,

Would you also recommend them for a MT4 "DEMO ACCOUNT" for testing this strategy? I am new at all this and appreciate you're thoughts. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
If Onada had the MT4 platform and an EA could be used ... I would certainly prefer them for a broker. For a Demo it really does not matter to me. Heard a lot of good things.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
If we look at the EUR/USD today on the 5/12/RSI cross system we see the first hint of a sell when the 5/12 cross at 18:00 (which is the time on my platform, yours may vary) Roughly 10:30 am NY time. Then at 20:00 the RSI went under 50. We would take a short position at around 1.2721 (which I did). As of this writing it's 22:00 and price is at 1.2686. Thats 35 pips profit.

This is 35 pips profit while we are waiting for the 1hr Sidus to give a signal. Profit that we would have given up. Now we can either take the 35 pips or hold the position and see if we get the 18/28 cross on the 1 hour Sidus method in which we can add more lots to our position and follow the Sidus method for the rest of the trade. I would also now look to the Vegas 1hr Tunnel System to either take the profit when price meets the tunnel, or wait an see if price crosses the tunnel in which we would hold the trade and follow his system for the rest of the trade.

It seems like these 3 systems link together perfectly. We follow the 5/12/RSI 30 min. first to the 1 hr Sidus. If the Sidus gives a signal we then follow that systen, if not we exit and wait for a new signal on the 30 min system again. If Sidus continues the trade we drop the 30 min. and trade the Sidus. Now when the Sidus and the 1hr Vegas system meet up we either exit if it doesn't then produce a cross on the 1 hr Vegas or continue with the trade, drop the 1 hr Sidus and follow the 1 Hr Vegas for the duration of the trade.

It's a 3 Phase Trading System!

I think this is the best system I have ever seen.... What do you guys think?

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #297 ---
I got in @ 1.2715 shortly after RSI broke below 50 also. I started out with 4 lots and let it all run until I took 1 lot for profit of 34 pips when it reached that level. I then moved my SL to breakeven on the last 3 lots. I'm waiting for Sidus 1 hr signal now. My normal fib # method of taking profit will then be the plan.

I also got in on the USD/CAD and price is stalled out at the Vegas 1 hr tunnel. I've already taken profit there as well and my SL leaves me in small profit if I get stopped out.

And YES! This is turning out to be an awesome strategy!

Bagovino, how long do you wait after RSI moves past 50%? Do you enter right away or do you give it a few minutes? I'm talking about after the 5-12 cross occurs first of course.

EDIT: I'm also in the USD/CAD right now and I may have mixed up some of my info above in all the exscitement! I'll check it and edit if needed.  ---> DONE.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Brilliantly explained. I was gonna say the same thing, heheheeee...

except, im using Cable$.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Gentle Reminders: JPY is in for a huge votality in 3:25 hrs from now. Its their version of 1st week of Friday. You may not be trade\ing JPY, but when it moves, USD will be affected.

Check out FF calender!

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Man bagovino you are preaching, no singin, to the choir here!! Is anyone else looking at what bagovino has discovered here? This has given me the confidence to go live again after a long furlough from big time disappointments.  This is enhanced (Vegas/Sidus/Bagovino) system is phenomenal to me.  I missed the EURUSD sell trade unfortunately (that's why I need and will soon get that Apple Cinema 30" monitor!).

Where is Sidus? And I sure would like to hear what Vegas thinks of this... Sidus delivers a good foundation and then leaves us to our own devices apparently.  This may be the best thing I've seen yet too although I am not as familiar with the 1 Hour Tunnel to comment on that piece.  Big kudos to ya bagovino!

Sir PipsAlot

--- 帖子 #301 ---
It's not to late to get in.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
, I jumped in at 1.2716 too. But I am still in 30M chart and watching 36/56 to cross. Do I have to go back to 1h chart?

--- 帖子 #303 ---
AAAAHHHH.... you guys are making me blush! Just kiddin'

Anyway, This recent discovery has boosted my confidence as well 2die4!

I have studied hundreds of systems and flip flopped between all of them for the last 8 months. Ultimately getting totally confused. This new 3 phase system has allowed me to regain my confidence in trading again! I love the way it just tells the story of where the market is and where it will most likely go. I can now sit and wait in a trade confidently because I have a plan that seems to work almost all the time... Even if it's just a 10 pip profit! It's better than the 80 pip losers I had in the past with fingers crossed that price would luckily turn again in my favor.

Thanks to Vegas, Sidus and everyone here for the development of this amazing system!

I only plan on trading the EUR/USD and GBP/USD.  They definitly work the best for this system.

Well I'm gonna hang it up until the London open... I'm thinking we may get the Sidus cross there!

Maybe we should start Keeping track of the trades we make here based on the new system... I'll try to post mine as I make them.

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #304 ---
I dont feel comfortable jumping into it blind like that - I  define "blind" as not having a definitive signal from all the indicators that I use RSI, EMA or SAR.

--- 帖子 #305 ---
bagovino

thanks to you for all you are doing here ... I love to follow these threads. Whatever you come up with I do want to try also. Going to get my demo open as soon as possable. Since you say you have studied hundreds of systems ... DecisionBar have been one of them? I was going to get it ready to do a Demo with it ... but what I have seen is it is somewhat complicated to follow. I much prefer the system you are getting together for a EA. Thanks to all of you!!!

--- 帖子 #306 ---
5/12 tunnel is starting to cross the 36/56 tunnel completely. But the 36/56 tunnel is still quite wide.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Great stuff guys!  But what is the setup for the vegas 1 hr?

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Just for clarification...why do we need the 18/28 EMA in the 5/12/RSI system if we only look at the 5/12 EMA and RSI to confirm an entry point. When the 5/12 EMA cross, does it mean they cross each other or cross the 18/28 EMA (like Sidus).

Thank you for your help.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
If I understand it correct:

5/12/RSI is for ranging market or for getting an early entry for trending market. 18/28 in 1h or 36/56 in 30 m (are they equivlent?) is for continuing assessment to decide if the ranging market is turning into a trending market and when to close trade in trending market.

In 5/12/RSI, it 's the 5/12 crossing, not the tunnel crossing signaling the entry.

--- 帖子 #310 ---
I am new to the Forex and have opened a demo account with Interbank FX to practice.  Not sure if the forex service is using Metatrader, I assume it is with version 3.8.

How do I set up the Sidius Method with the trading platform?

Thanks for all your patience.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
bagovino,

sorry if the question may sound stupid... but how do you use the vegas channel ? can you make a description of how it works for you? (ex: if the price or Sidus channel hits Vegas F+1 line then ... or ... something like that)

and one more question... what sl do you use on eur/usd and gbp/usd ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Bugy,

I usually do not place a stop loss right away as I watch the trade for a while when I place it. If I leave the computer with the trade running I use a pivot point as a stop loss. AS far as the Vegas method.... Google it or something. It's too much to go into here.

AStaflier.... We only use a 5/12 on the 30 min with RSI... The 18/28 is used only on the 1 hr.

AHA... What is the 36/56???? We do not use that here... Who mentioned it?

--- 帖子 #313 ---
but don't you have a sl set in your mind?

when do you enter the trade? as soon as the cross happend, or wait for candle close?

I ask this because today i saw some false crosses, that untill the candle closed the ema's are not crossed any more.

sorry for my bad english writting

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Ya maan..... how come we dont know? C'mon tell us? We are dying to make 200pips average from our norm 100pips.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
GBP/USD is acting weird today. Yukksss.... too much uncertainty in the market. The next week FOCM meeting is affecting the USD, making it too volatile than usual.

But, the good thing is, piping the bar is funky today!

Happy Trading!

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Is it EMA 18/28 in 1h chart equivalent to EMA 36/56 in 30 m chart?

--- 帖子 #317 ---
The hourly 18 & 28 EMA's values can be transferred to your 1/2 hr charts by doubling them... Thus the 36 & 56 EMA's. That way you only have to have one chart setup for viewing (the 1/2 hr). You can take the Vegas hrly tunnel and put it on your 1/2 hr chart the same way. Best of both worlds, baby. Try it and see for yourself. The reason your entries are better on the 1/2 hr chart is because you took the 5 & 12 EMA's from the hrly and turned them into hrly 2.5 & 6 EMA's on your hf hr chart by keeping the values the same. The larger the EMA value, the greater the price lag....  Try using the 2.5 (or round it to 3) and the 6 on your hourly chart and you then have the exact entry point as you presently have on the half-hour chart.  Pretty neat, huh?

EMA's are based on the # of periods (in this case candles).

1 hrly candle = 2 half-hr candles. So a multiplcation factor of 2 is used for the conversion from hrly to half-hr.

Hell, you can work this system on 5-min charts if you want.

Can't believe some of you veterans have never used this trick.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
When on the H1 chart, you are taking the average of the last 18 one hour candle to form the line.If you want to use the M30 chart then it would take 36 of the 30 minutes candles to trace the average line in the same location as on the H1.Same goes for the 28.

jlm

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Yes they have unlimited demo accounts.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Bonmeister, I did a quick check, 18/28 in 1h is smoother than 36/56 in 30m. I have a screen shoot shows this clearly, but I don't know how to put it in the post. It seems that I have to upload it on to somewhere on internet first so that it has a url.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Hi Yardie, is the price feed of MT4 demo account real time, or they are a couple minutes behind the real account (FXCM is like that)?

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Could someone help with these two please:what is  EMA AND WMA,and can they be applied to the VT platform ?

Thanks very much.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
aha,

yes it may be a tad smoother (is smoother better though?) in places on the 1 hr, but I'm willing to give that up for the convenience of having everything I need on the half-hour chart. But, you now have double the points to define your price action on the 1/2 hr chart, so you tell me which is actually a more accurate depiction of real-time price action?

--- 帖子 #324 ---
The GBP/USD was to volatile at this moment. Both tunnels are very narrowed. I almost lost a good piping trade. So, at this market condition, I turned to Vegas 4hr tunnel with the same EMAs. It is smooth & very accurate.

Now, I can watch the screen while stroking my cat! Meow...

--- 帖子 #325 ---
They should be the same.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Prices on different brokers are different by a few pips depending on the spread. Eg: IBFX & SpaceFX prices are very different. SpaceFX spread are fixed, but IBFX are changing, especially during fundamentals.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
what are the same? real and demo account? or MT4 and FXCM?

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Expect markets to react specially pairs trading the USD

--- 帖子 #329 ---
in 7mins

--- 帖子 #330 ---
GBP bull against USD at warp speed from 1.8545 to 121 pips!! Guess what the new high? 1.8666

Is that scary or what?:surprised

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Hey guys-

I'm new to this forum (as you can tell by my post count) but everyone here seems very nice & friendly. I was just wondering if you still needed that EA coded, I think I could do it in a few minutes if people would like me to. What rules did you want specifically? From reading the thread it seems it's just a 5-12 EMA cross with >/< 50 RSI confirmation on the 30m and 60m timeframes. Is that it??

(Oh, this is the Bagovino version, I can do the Sidus one to if you'd like, just specify the exact rules...)

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Yes basically thats it. But, different traders have a different trading style. I guess that is a complicated thing to code. Things like:

1. Hitting/crossing of Vegas fibs

2. Crossing of tunnels

3. Chopping of lots at different levels of fibs or targets

and so on...

But, it would be interesting to have the basic tho!

--- 帖子 #333 ---
We can start with the Bagovino version. I am testing an EA as well that incorporates Bagovino but it has no TP I will post here. Maybe we can use it as a jumping off point.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Hi Tidus, I did few backtesting, it looks like it is working.

Thank you for sharing

Doura

--- 帖子 #335 ---
I took a second to add a TP. The EA you posted is nearly exactly what I was going to write. As for taking profit at several levels, could you specify what these "vegas fibs" are? Are they set numbers of pips?

I will add multiple TP levels tonight or tomorrow, I'm actually headed to Sea World with the family for right now...sorry for the delay.

Good luck with everything,

Gavner

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Cool!!

--- 帖子 #337 ---
I'll back test it see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
I have one question..when we run this EA. does computer have to be on all the time.....and to Yardie and Gavner..Can we manually, close the trade or move stop loss to BE......thanks

sorry if it is stupid question..never try EA before...thanks lol

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Gav - could you include a trailing stop option?

Also, we need to decide whether the trade will be executed when the slower EMAs (red tunnel) cross or whether we are going by the 5/12 and RSI to pre-empt this.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
I am testing the ea, and looks like the ea is only checking for 5/12ema cross and if RSI is above or below 50level, i think its also good to check if there is a cross of RSI with 50level, seems the 5/12 is really good if there is actuall RSI cross with 50level.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
how is it different than the 1Hr. Sidus method? Just wanted clarification on those settings. I am making notes as I follow this thread! Great Job!!!

--- 帖子 #342 ---
GaVNER THANKS FOR YOUR efforts with the improvements. Credit is owed to TRADEIGEL for creating the EA.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Ywes you can override the EA at any time with stop loss, closing it etc. BTW one of the things I notice about the EA is that it closes a position if a new trade is made in the other direction of the first trade that was triggered.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
I am debating to go with  -

fxstrategybuilder.com

or

InterbankFX.com

wanted to try with MT4 platform  ... DEMO ...

is there much difference in you're opinion of these two Brokers?

Thanks so much ... I am so grateful to you all for you're input in a good system for a EA etc., !!!

<o></o>

--- 帖子 #345 ---
This is sort of a cool site for broker ratings ... not sure ... how much I should put into it though?

http://www.forexbastards.com/broker_reviews.shtml

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Oops! I accidentally uploaded the EA before saving it...the one I uploaded before will not work properly, sorry! I was in a rush to get out the door with the family and goofed. The version attached now is what should have been there this morning.

Now, as for the multiple-take-profit levels: I think the easiest way is to just recode the EA to place several partial orders with individual TPs. In other words, the parameters could say something like:

TPLevel1=15;

TPLevel1Lots=3.0;

TPLevel2=20;

TPLevel2Lots=1.0

TPLevel3=35;

TPLevel3Lots=0.5;

The above would basically be a 4.5 lot order from the entry, which would close 3 lots at +15pips, 1 lot at +20, and .5 lots at +35 pips. Something along those lines. This way, the user could define individual TP levels and sizes. Does this sound good to you guys?  Also, I could write it so that the SL is moved up to the last used TP level; in other words, if we got our first 15 pips, the SL on the other orders would change to +15, so we at least get TPLevel1 worth profit on all lots.  Sound like  a good idea?

On a separate note, do we really want to use TP/SL/TS as the exit? Or would you guys prefer something based internally on the system's signals, for example, if the order is a buy and the RSI drops below 50 OR the 5EMA recrosses the 12, then exit? What do you think?

Please give me any suggestions as to what you'd like, I'll code anything that you guys want (so long as I can do it hehehe...).

Good luck with trading to all,

Gavner

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Natgo,

How did you get the time left to bar end display in Post 74?  I have been trying to find something like that for MT4....

--- 帖子 #348 ---
We probably wouldn't want to have it exit if it recrosses, necessarily...  Because this is really just a preemptive entry for the longer term sidus method based on the 30 minute chart.  So  if it was possible though you could do the following for a short trade:

If 5 & 8 WMA on the 1 hour chart are above the 18 & 28 EMAs, and if the 5 EMA recrosses the 12 EMA to the upside on the 30 minute chart, then exit.  Does that make sense?  Then the opposite for a long trade.

On the exit limit orders, it should be Fib levels calculated from the price at the cross of the 5 & 12 EMAs on the 30 min chart.  The levels that I ahve found to be the best is:  exit 1/3 at 21.  exit 1/3 at 34.  And exit 1/3 at 89.

And on moving the stops up when a limit order get's filled, you wouldn't want to move it to the price it was filled at because you would very likely get stopped out.  probably what would be good is:  the value you were limited out at - 30 pips.

E.G.  Short the USD/JPY at 115.52.  (This was a sell signal here btw)  1st order exits at 115.31.  Limits get's moved to 115.61.  (31+30)  Next order get's exited at 115.18.  Limit get's moved to 115.48.  (18+ 30)  Last order is exited at 114.63.  All of these orders would have been met.  Total pips profit gained = 144.  I did this, or close to it on a trade on the dollar yen earlier.  I posted the charts on those entry signals.  And now here is another example of this on the dollar yen, which I realized that I missed this morning/ last night.

Hope this helps.  If you can understand the above you can also just trade it manually which is what I'm doing.  It's basiclly the sidus method with bagovino's additions/ or organizations.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Here is the indicator you are looking for.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
You take the word right out of my mouth...Great Tri-Systems....Now, let's all go out and collect the pips...lol

--- 帖子 #351 ---
I think I will use stretegybuilderFX then for a DEMO act..

Somehow I deleted the wrong post ... oh well ... Thanks all!

--- 帖子 #352 ---
StrategybuilderFX has unlimited demo accounts. Not sure about INterbankFX. Most brokers have time limited demo accounts (ex. 30 days).

--- 帖子 #353 ---
I think +- 5 RSI can be used as the stop loss. So a LONG position is closed only if the RSI dips to 45 or a SHORT position is closed only if the RSI rise to 55. This way one can avoid whipsaws. Another thing that can be looked at is the original EA closing out a current order when a new order of the same pair is open (in the order direction). I like AZ's ideas too.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Hey azhotpipper-

Thanks for the detailed response, I am nearly done coding exactly what you have described. However, I'm wondering what entry strategy you're using...is it just the 5/12EMA cross on the 30min chart while the hourly has the 5/8LWMAs on the proper side of the tunnel (i.e. the opposite of the exit signal)? This is how I'm coding it at the moment, if I need to I can change it later. Exits are in some ways more important, and you described them very exactly, thanks for that. I have one more question though: If we are using a stepped take profit, would you still like trailing stops on each partial order? Or will the increased stops that occur at each new profit level make a trailing stop unneccesary?

Thanks and I'll post the new version of the EA soon.

P.S.-No offense to whoever wrote the version I started with, but I simply rewrote all of the code. I just do things one way, and the other author does them a little differently. Rewriting it just helps me keep things clear. Anyway, this is why the "author" tag will now just list me  Hope the previous author doesn't object?

--- 帖子 #355 ---
The trend shown shown by Sidus is represented by EMAs, but with the Vegas 4hr tunnel, The fibs with its own sets of rules according to the pair traded, has its own unique way of telling you where exactly the market is going to move.

There are some techniques which I cant disclosed because, a privelege info that i learned from a private Forum here at FF, The James16 Group. When you are a member, go thru Knife System, you will see how the 4hr Vegas enhances the Sidus method.

I hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Theres an EA for EMA crossing and works beautifully. It does most of the stuff we talk about here including money management. Its designed by "CODERS GURU".

See when we can incoperate with the ones we have already.

Hope this help a bit.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Does somebody did backtest this strategy  for moe than 100 days.

Strategy works good in last 2 months.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Ok,  I just went through this whole thread.  Very nice info here in a very short amount of time.    I am gonna get everything on my charts and start taking a look at this.

Just so I am up to par with how everyone else is trading this....

On the 30 min charts,  5 and 12 EMA with RSI 50

1hr charts, 5 and 8 EMA with 18 and 28 WMA

Then I know VWB is incorporated in this also.  How does that get incorporated?  I know it is for the fib levels to take profits.  Is that put on the 1hr charts along with the 5/8 EMA and 18/28 WMA?

Is that it?  There is 24 pages of posts here in 1 month!!!!!   That's alot of reading and tweaking.  I just want to be on the same page as everyone else.  I am gonna be studying this quite a bit and add my 2 cents when I get a chance.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Hi to all, and my complements to everyone involved in nurturing such a promising strategy - especially to Sidus, and Bagovino who got the ball rolling. this appears to look like a grand slam home run! Bagovino's idea of combining different aspects of this tri-phase process to take into account ranging and trending conditions is simply brilliant!

Since some changes have been made along the way, please take a look to see if my Phase One-Two-Three Rules are correct at this time -

Phase One to Enter Long on 30 minute chart:

RSI (21) goes from < 50 to > 50

5 EMA line goes from < 12 EMA to > 12 EMA line

36 EMA (tunnel line) < 56 EMA (tunnel line)

both 5 EMA and 12 EMA lines < both Tunnel lines (36 EMA and 56 EMA)

are the 5 WMA and 8 WMA now dropped from consideration

at this phase?

Phase Two (Sidus) to Continue Long on 60 minute chart:

once 18 EMA tunnel line crosses above 28 EMA tunnel line

2.5 EMA line continues to be > 6 EMA line

RSI (21) continues to stay > 50

both 2.5 EMA and 6 EMA lines move above and stay above both tunnel

lines (18 EMA and 28 EMA)

Phase Three (Vegas) to Continue Long on 60 minute chart:

look for price to cross from below to above Vegas Tunnel

if it does - then look for exits as per Fib levels outlined by Vegas

Any and all help in sincerely appreciated

traderdp

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Renasdad

Thanks for the indicator.

ET

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Nice summary!

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Have anyone tried to generate autotrade signal for sidus method at vt trader platform? I would like to know if anyone got the settings. Mind to share?

p/s: vt trader having some connection problem recently, however they have made some changes and it works much better this week. They will keep rectify the defects.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
great principle by sidus & great detail by bagovino..

after finish read all the thread here..seems i like to apply it to eg,eu,gu & uj this coming market..

well hope can get the profits there.. well done guys!!

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Kudos to Sidus and Bagovino, seems as niet strategy. I m definitly gonna try it soon.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
hanselgreetel

Gavner / Yardie, and others are working to put together an EA for the MT4 Platform. azhotpipper is also perfecting a very profitable, simular, manual trading, sidus stradgy. Check all his posts as well. When all is said and done there should be different versions for us to paper trade with (in semi-auto mode) to see which version is more profitable. I can't wait! You could put together a vt trader version as well. Don't know anything on what language it would be written in or if they are interchangeable MT4 / VT? Do you? Thanks all!

--- 帖子 #366 ---
traderdp

If you include post #351 azhotpipper still has 5 & 8 WMA on the 1 hour chart ..... his system that he uses is ... one hot pipper ....! I am new to this, but noticed he still uses this 5 8 WMA in the IHchart. to get a clearer picure ... Thaks all!

--- 帖子 #367 ---
This is it! Thats why it very popular coz its a very simple system. Im glad you came in, coz we need more seniors in here to sharpen everything even more.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Since trading using this system, I was so obsessed with maximising the entry & exit, especially the Exit.

Im currently experimenting with a third MA that looks very promising. My average pips a day has increase to 50%. When I perfected it, i will post it here & let everybody knowss and test it as well!!

Pipastic!!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #369 ---
TraderDP,

Nice summary.... One thing though.... On the 1 hr Sidus he uses a 5/8 WMA cross. I use a 5/12 EMA. Other than that, very well said!

Orange,

What is this new exit/entry system? I'd love to check it out.

And as far as the EA... How is it coming along?

Thanks all!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #370 ---
I would think WMA gives you an earlier signal than the EMA.  Have you tried both?  If so, does WMA give more false signals?

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Ok, its not perfected yet, and Im still enhancing its potential & trying to explain its characteristic as simple as possible, but since I made over 200 pips minimum a day with it and most of you help me to developed it, I will try to post "Tiga Abdul" later this week.

Happy weekend!

Thanks to everyone!

--- 帖子 #372 ---
So here's the deal guys: It was taking a while to make the EA because there are several different methods out there, and I was repeatedly getting confused about which method people want the EA to use. So, right now I'm trying to write it in a pretty customizable way, so you can choose whether you want 5/8LWMAs or 5/12EMAs or X/Y Simple/Exponential/Smoothed/LinearWeighted for your triggers. The problem is not coding at this point though, but rather the method. Here's a short list, hopefully you guys can help clarify so we can get this thing done soon (more pips for all  ):

1) Using the RSI filter: I think filters are a good idea for any autotrading system, due to the high number of false signals that eat up profit. But here's the thing: RSI doesn't always cross 50 at the same time the triggerlines do(triggerline=general term for 5/12EMA or 5/8LWMA or whatever you prefer). Do we need both signals to enter? Do we need both to exit? I recommend requiring only the triggerline cross for entry (since the RSI usually follows within 1~2 bars) but waiting for RSI and triggerline signals to exit.

2) The Tunnels: Do we look for the triggerlines to cross through the tunnel for entry? Or just to stay in? Or for exit? The Sidus PDF seems to dictate that we use the triggerlines passing through the tunnel lines as entry, and the tunnel lines recrossing counter to our trade for exit. (This will lead to overlaps/hedging by the way, since the fast emas will cross through the tunnel before the tunnel crosses itself in the same direction, i.e. the fast EMA long signal occurs before what would be the previous-short-trade-exit-signal {tunnel line crossing}). However, I think Bagovino's faster-entry-strategy calls for entering on the fast MAs crossing each other... What is the actual exact strategy?? Also what is the Vegas tunnel that traderdp mentioned? Is that part of the strategy?

Sorry I'm confused guys, but I can't really program this without knowing which ways we're doing things. If someone could succintly state an exact set of entry & exit rules, I'd really appreciate it. I can incorporate partial profit taking at different levels, etc... but I need to know the exact strategy.

Thanks in advance and sorry for the delay,

Gavner

--- 帖子 #373 ---
First off, a thanks to everyone, blah blah blah blah.

Here is what i propose. Open two lots when the trade meets the criteria on the 30 min chart, exit 1 position at 20 pips, and set the second to be and let it run, or set it with a trailing stop. I have noticed that you will usually get at least 20 pips on cable with this method. Tell me what you think.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
... I think it would be nice to make some of these indicators optional ... then each trader could use it for buy or sell signal or not by disabling it for auto trading.

On the 30 min charts, 5 and 12 EMA or even [5/8 optional] a for signal] with [RSI 50 signal, optional] ... 1hr charts, 5 and 8 EMA with 18 and 28 WMA Even an ocillator could be another auto signal option. Ah what do I know, just trying to help. I like the following.
Limit entry
Take profit,
Stop entry
Stop loss
One cancels other:<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o></o>
<o>if then<o></o>
if then OCO<o></o>
with trailing stops ... that move when the market moves in you're favor.</o>
With Semi-auto option ... where Buys and sell could be changed if a trader so chooses. Seemes to me a system like what OrangeRoshan and azhotpipper, bagovino, others, all in one with the lesser diffrences optional. I think before all is said and done we will have several simular versions anyway. Will this language work for MT4 or also vt trader etc.,, I know some use the later.Thanks all!!!

Thanks gavner! .... someone will give you more complets system info. that they want, I am sure. I want to thank you to offer to help us get a good system to try out.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
A couple of things we need to pay attention to are:

1. What's the criterion for reversing the trade? After all, sometimes reversing the trade is better than exit.

2. Instead of entering or existing, is it possible to make a bip or pop up a window, so that we may check and trade manually?

That's what I can think of now. If you need someone to talk about the detailed implementation of this strategy, we may talk over MSN or skype. I guess we can develop the framework first, then implement those criterions one by one.

aha

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Orange,

Tiga Abdul is making you 200 pips a day and you still need to enhance it?

I say stop tinkering with it before you break it!!!! Ha! Ha!

C'mon man... let the cat out of the bag. Sounds like it may enhance our system a bit!!!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #377 ---
...You say .... I made over 200 pips minimum a day. Well that's nothing to sneeze at ... buddy!

When can I have my copy to paper trade with a MT4 DEMO? Can't wait to try it.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
I haven't messed with the values much on this but, maybe this could be something we could use for a SL.  It is called LabTrend.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
This is another indicator that could be used as a SL.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
By putting donchian channels on the chart,  that could help filter out whipsaws.  Lets say we get a buy signal,  the MAs cross and RSI is above 50.  If price is between the DCs, there is a very good chance of price dropping again.  If price breaks the DCs, then it goes higher.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Hey guys-

Big thank you to Aha for laying it out clearly, I really appreciate it.  There were lots of things floating around and you nailed them all I think . I just got home (it's just before midnight) and I'll be traveling all day tomorrow but if I can find time in the midst of the bustle I'll finish the EA as Aha described it by tomorrow night, or by the latest Monday night (EST).  Or, if I feel my frequent insomniac self tonight I'll just have it posted before morning.  Basically Monday night is worst case scenario but I'll hopefully be done before.

I am anxious to see how forward testing goes on this (MT4's backtests are very unreliable in my experience) and wish you all happy trading.

Gavner

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Hello again-

I've coded the EA according to Aha's rules. If you look at the order-closing part of the code, I put in some comments (the gray words) explaining what is being closed or modified and at what levels/prices. However there is an error right now, the backtester (which I only trust to tell me whether an EA is working, not whether it will be profitable) will open a dozen orders on one candlestick and close them all immediately at a loss; furthermore, it is only opening long orders (i.e. it's not working). I've had those two problems in my rough drafts of EAs many many times, and it's usually some small error that is easy to fix. I'm kinda sleepy right now though (it's a little after 2am) and as I said I have to travel tomorrow, so I'm going to crash for the night. If someone else who knows a little MQL4 (or C for that matter, they're basically the same) would like to take a crack at fixing the problem, please be my guest. If no one can do it, don't worry about it, I'll fix it in the next couple days.

So just to repeat, the code is mostly done but there is some type of error in it right now that needs to be corrected.

Good luck with your trading,

Gavner

P.S.-OrangeRoshan: I will add your (apparently) killer new tactic to the EA when you are ready to tell us all about it. Hopefully once it's working, it will improve the EA similarly

P.P.S.-Aha: Check the "Manual Confirmation" box in the EA Options tab of the MT4 Options menu if you'd like a popup and no autotrades.  As for your (1) about reversing, right now the EA (if it was working properly) would trade when entry signals occur and exit them as you specified..."reversing" applies more to strategies with 1 exit signal that closes the whole order then opens one oppositely (is that a word?) I think.. but as I said, if a new entry signal is triggered and no opposite-direction trade is open, it should make the trade.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
I'm not sure if this has been mentioned before or not.  There was a lot of reading to do to get through this whole thread.   When opening a position,  how do you guys calculate how much you open with?  Do you just open with a predetermined amount of your equity and just wait to exit your trade at Vegas Fib Levels?

How about opening a position with a certain amount then once switched to the 1 hr charts, add to the position.  Then,  once price goes through the Vegas tunnel, add to the position again.   Once price has gone through the tunnel, you have added to your original position 2 more times.   You now have 3 "position" in one.  Once the fib levels get reached, take each position off.

By looking at this system closer,  I think it is very good and could be maximized even more.  Money Management is the key to succeed.

I would like to manually backtest this somehow.  It seems pretty hard to do though because of going from 30 minute chart to 1 hr chart.  Although,  all the MAs and 1hr vegas tunnel could be put on 1 chart.  It might take me a couple days to get to it but, I will figure something out to manually backtest it.

I am gonna try to figure out what is needed hust for the 30 minute chart to do the backtesting.  If someone has it figured out, could you please post it so I can compare what I come up with?  Or even PM me.  This looks really good guys.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Hi Gav, thanks for the EA. i had a quick view at the ea, and noticed that you have put conditions that for BUY signal RSI has to be >=45 and for SELL signal RSI has to be  <=55  , now this could be one of the reasons EA is only opening long orders ?

I had already mentioned this before: is it only necessary the RSI be above or below the 50level, is it not necessary for the RSI to actually crossover 50level from below for long and opposite for sell?

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Aren't there suppose to be some WMA's?  Like 18 and 28 on the 1hr.  Aren't they suppose to be WMA and not EMA?  That would make them 36WMA and 56 EMA.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Hi guys,

Here it is. Its a rush job and i hope you guys can benefit from it as it has for me. I welcome constructive comments that you might have. Starting Monday, I apologise early when i dont reply this post as frequent as i should be. The reason is Im focus on trading. I will make simple reply during the week days & full reply during the weekend.

Its Pipastic. When you dont make money with this, I dont know what will.

renasdad, I will comeback to your with the new SL manager. Will study it, Thanks.

To the guys doing the EA, please incoperate this because it really works & a pip machine.

Sidus: I cant wait to see your part 2. Hope it will come soon.

Happy Trading.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
well, well, another tool to use along with sidus......you are truly a friend, if you donot mind.. thank you for sharing......

--- 帖子 #388 ---
You are more than welcome!

--- 帖子 #389 ---
[quote=OrangeRoshan]Hi guys,

renasdad, I will comeback to your with the new SL manager. Will study it, Thanks.

QUOTE].

Hey,  I have about 300 indicators for MT4 at least.  I am gonna sift through them and see what else I have to add to this.  I think the entry signal and exit signal are pretty good.  Possibly a little better exit signal.  But, the main thing is a good SL.  We need something that is far enough away from price to prevent getting stopped out from whipsaws but, we don't want something that is too far away.  That is why I want to manually backtest this to see what a good SL would be.  I am just not sure what exactly should be put on a 30 minute chart to cover all 3 phases.

I am gonna put 100% into this to help make it better.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
[quote=renasdad]
Brilliant, simply brilliant!! You read my mind. Sl is what makes the system vanurable. When we can fix it it would be excellent!

Thank you again

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Hi Orange, thanks lot for the well detailed doc. i have now added 9sma to the charts, and what i have observed is that when the 5ema &  9sma cross RSI will only confirm the trend wen 5ema & 12ema will cross, so do you getin before the RSI & 5/12cross confirmation ?

--- 帖子 #392 ---
[quote=OrangeRoshan]
This is why I want to manually backtest it.  Looking at my charts a little bit, there were a couple times, after the signal, price went 50-60 pips in the wrong direction, but that was the whipsaw and after that, went pips in the bank.  I don't like the idea of 60 pip SL though unless using a 4 hr or day chart.  30 minute charts need around 25-30.  Am I wrong?   Hm?

--- 帖子 #393 ---
[quote=renasdad]
Wellsaid. We can go two things here at the moment:

1. Put a >60 sl, simply because the indicator is seldom wrong. Whipsaw can be pip profitably when we know the trend very well.

2. Babysit the trade, which is what I mostly do. My sl is only 35

Thanks

--- 帖子 #394 ---
It all depends on your trading style. I dont use the 21 RSI at the moment because it too lagging. Unless someone comeup with a new RSI number and RSI cross level.

I totally trade based on the 2 sets of EMA, the Primary & secondry. The secondary will act as a confirmation before I act. I also look at other pair that Im trading. Eg: GBP/USD is also used a lfuture indicator for my EUR/USD.

The move on GBP usually will be reflected on the EUR. However this needs practice.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Orange,

Thanks for the sharing of Tiga! I studied it briefly and noticed the addition of the 9 SMA seems to work as a great exit on the GBP/USD 30 min. You are also right about the 21 RSI lagging.

However, this is not true for the EUR/USD which tends to trend smoother. If you look over your charts, the 21 RSI works excellent with the EURO 30min and 1hr. chart. The 9 SMA on the EURO 30 min tends to get you out prematurely as there will be a cross of the 5/9 but not the 12 and the currency will continue to drift into more profit if you would have stayed in.

I mainly trade the EUR/USD. I'm not as comfortable with the GBP as it is much choppier. It looks like your Tiga will definitely work for the GBP 30min. I will look into it further.

Would you mind going into how you trade it a bit more?

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Yo Orange,

thanks for the nice doc  . Can you explain a little abt the 100/30 system whcih you mention also? MA's or? I searched this tread for info but no luck.

Thanks in advance

FT

--- 帖子 #397 ---
... Trend Manager looks nice as it is. Can you create it so any broker can be used as well? And maybe few added visable moving averages etc., for a tunnel and 5/8 - 5/12 crosses ... [as options] EA optional might be a very nice system, I think. Over [2k pips] in 3wks., system is worth looking at ... and prefecting. Thanks for the research ... can't wait to see what you come up with. Thank you for you're help with the [orangeroshan method] ... and or you're version!

--- 帖子 #398 ---
I am sure he doesnt mind. The primary objective is to make money!

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Gavner, The RSI filter is there to prevent whipsaws and false signals which I why I think it is important for entery along with the cross. Yes you might miss a few pips when the EMAs cross and the EA is waiting for the RSI, but it prevent false signals.

--- 帖子 #400 ---
I agree with this totally.  I was looking at certain crosses and thinking ok, here's a trade.  It would turn right around, and I'd get stopped out.  Then I looked down and see RSI is on the wrong side of 50.  It is definitely something to use.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Yardie... I agree. You also stay in the trade until the RSI crosses back. It really helps keeping you on the right side of the trade.

Bago

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Sounds like another excellent filter to me!

--- 帖子 #403 ---
If you like that indicator, try this one.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Hi ,

I haven't posted on this subject before but i have been watching with great interest.

I would just like to clarify something that Bagovino came up with if i may.

Does the process go

stage 1: 30m chart with 5&12 ema with a 21 rsi. for initial entry.

Stage 2: keep a close eye on the above waiting to see confirmation on the sidus chart (which is now using the 5&12 ema (not wma) along with 18&28 ema ( which we are waiting for the 5&12 to cross to confirm the trend.

Stage 3and this is where it gets a little hazy!)

use a 144&169 ema ???and look for what?

could someone help me on this third stage please i have looked all through the threads and am unable to piece this together.

I think you guys are doing a great job here and i look forward to enlightenment!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #405 ---
I am a big fan of leaving MM to each individual instead of building it into an EA. I prefer to use fix lots than have the EA make that decision for me.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Here is another SL indicator.

The second one looks better though.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Hi Sidus Folks !!

I'm following this thread from the beginning on and now I think it's the

time to show you how the cake can look ;-))

I've attached a capture from a Metatrader Chart EUR/USD.

What you can see is :

1. 30 min Chart

1.  5 EMA in yellow

2. 12 EMA in blue

3. 56 EMA in red

4. 36 EMA in green

5. The Vegas 1h tunnel indicator

6. The 30 min Volume

7. Slow Stochastic ( Settings : 5,3,3 )

Take a closer look on the volume bars and the Slow Stochastic Conditions

( Overbought, Oversold )

Think of positive and negative divergence on price and Stochastic.

Before entering the trade take a look at the higher time frames

( 4h, Daily, Weekly )

Also take a look on the actual COT-Data ( www.freecotcharts.com )

Mix it all together and digest it for a while....

What more do I have to say here ???

Happy Pippin

Bernhard

--- 帖子 #408 ---
I think we need to summarize the following for Gavner:

Entry: I say Bagovino Menthos with 5/12 EMA and RSI
Take Profit: This one is trickier...put I suggest at least 20 pips (maybe a trailing like AZ said)
Stop Loss: This could be fixed (say 20 pips) or it could be based on some of the indicators for example <RSI 45 for LONG and RSI 55 for SHORT>. We can also use a stop and reverse.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Again thank you so much OrangeRoshan for your very generous contribution to this thread.

1. Could you please explain the definition of the 100/30 system and

2. can you also clarify the definitions of Black Hole and Maximizer

is the Maximizer the point when the price, the Vegas 1 hour tunnel, and the 12 EMA all converge?

Any and all help is greatly appreciated

thanks again

traderdp

--- 帖子 #410 ---
so far, sidus seems to work pretty well. anxious to see your results.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
I think Take Profit should be based on Vegas Tunnel.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
I am not gonna be trading with an EA.  I will be doing it manually.  Anyone that wants to use an EA, go right ahead.  I just don't like the idea right now for the way I trade.

If anyone is interested in working on some MM with this like adding to a position at certain areas,  please PM me.  I think there is some good potential here for this area.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
I am not familiar with the vegas tunnel.... but what would the stop loss be like in pips?

--- 帖子 #414 ---
For the entry it is just the cross of the 5 & 12 EMAs and the rsi being on the correct side of the 50%.  Sounds like you are doing a great job.

And on the stops, I don't think trailing stops would be necessary on the first 2 lots, unless we wanted like a 40 pip trailing stop on the last third (with the 89 pip profit target)

Best,

AZHotPipper

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Hi Bagovino,

--- 帖子 #416 ---
The 100/30 system is briefly mentioned in the TIGA ABDUL PDF as a TP. It is an alternative to chopping lots sizes, exiting a portion at a time on certain price level or fibs.

The 100/30 is a method to harvest 100 pips within a single 30 pip OHLC. eg. Bullish Trend. Prices goes until your TP 10pips, then you exit. Prices then drop -5pips. Which is below your 1st exit position in a bullish trend. Enter position and take TP 10 pips again. It then dropped -15pips, enter buy again, as you know the trend is bullish. Exit again at your first exit point.

The purpose is to bank-in pips and continue the entry like you never exited. THe 9SMA makes it easier to do, as you know the 12EMA still havent cross the 5EMA. This means the trend is still in effect and piping the bar is more convenient.

I hope that helps a bit.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Hope that clarifies it a bit.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
So you mean you are basically scalping you 5-10 pips while you are waiting for the pair to start moving out of the range?

Perhaps a visual explanation would clarify the 100/30 method you speak of.

GREAT post and system.

The two systems I spent time learning so far are BGX and Vegas so this is just perfect for me to wrap my head around.

Orange for the pdf it is great work. I think this thread needs a website where everything can be organized and written out as it evolves. That way it is there for us to use to maximize our time spent studying it, and also the newbie has a website to go to instead having to read the whole thread. This thread is going to be a few thousand posts long by the looks of things.

I was just thinking of having sections for files, examples, pdfs, etc etc as well as guides or whatever, and then a link to this thread, and anyone could contribue to the website, it's just totally organized. I would set about this myself but I'm far too busy.

Peace

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Well It depends who you ask.  I haven't tried using the 144 or 169 ema at all yet.  Someone that does will have to answer that part of your question.

On the 1 hour chart I still use the 5 & 8 WMAs instead of 5 & 12 EMAs.  But again, that is just me, and some people prefer the 5 & 12 EMAs.  I also like to have a simple stochastic on the 1 hour chart.

I then keep it simple and just exit at 21, 34, and 89 pips of profit.  Of course watching the 1 hour chart for an earlier exit if need be.

Hope that helps.  Also, I'm attaching a brief writeup that I did for a friend on what I do so that it is a bit more clear.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Me neither. But an indicator for Bago's entry and fib's exit siganls would be nice. Just to make the life easier.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Thanks a bunch .... I will look at it when I can!

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Based on 5/12 EMA cross and RSI 21 crossing 0.5 line for confirmation.

Like right now for GBP/USD, EMA 5 has crossed EMA 12 downwards, but RSI 21 is still >50%, no signal is issued.

Please let me know if there is a problem.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Fixed a small glitch.:

--- 帖子 #424 ---
I'm looking at the 30min EURUSD chart.  Am I correct in that I am seeing that we might be pretty close to a sell signal.  RSI is pretty high (well above 50), all we're waiting for is the 5 EMA to drop below the 12 EMA then we can sell.  Is this right?  is there anything I am missing?

--- 帖子 #425 ---
I sure don't see anything close to a sell signal on EURUSD  or Cable right now.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
JIMRED for a SELL signal the RSI should be below 50 not above. This is one of the reasons why the RSI is important as a filter in the EA.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Not immediately but maybe in an hour or two on the EUR if price falls right?  Could you post your next signal using this system so I can follow your entries?

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Yardie- I thought if the RSI was high when the 5 crossed below the 12 then that would be a good thing because there is room for the currency to fall before it's in oversold conditions.  Am I wrong?

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Ok I think I am increasing my understanding...maybe haha.  So the USDJPY the 5 just crossed the 12, but are we now waiting for RSI to cross 50 before we enter?

--- 帖子 #430 ---
The 21 RSI is more accurate (as a conservative measure) using 50 as the mid point with the 1hr chart with 5EMA & 9SMA.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Thanks for programming this aha...

For some reason when I switch between time periods the cross signal indicators start to appear all over the chart.

Did you program this indicator for a specific time period?

Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #432 ---
yeah, I was programming it for M30. But I will take a look to see if it can be fixed for all time period.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Hi Orange,

For the 5EMA and 9SMA, are you using close price or median price(HL/2)?

If what you said is true, than we don't have to switch between 30M and 1H chart anymore.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Igonore my previous posts, it was my carelessness that resulted in my stupid questions.

In the last few hours the GPBUSD -   5 crossed above the 12 and RSI is above 50 = buy

Today with the USDJPY - the 5 crossed below the 12 and RSI was below 50= sell

Am I right?

--- 帖子 #435 ---
haha pretty much ignore everything i have said, i've had my MA wrong.  I think what I just wrote about the GBPUSD was right though, am i right? haha or wrong like usual, sorry for wasting your guys times.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
The cable did have a buy signal a little while ago.  yes.  And I for one am in, and have already made a few pips.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Close Price. I trade with the 30mins chart, but upon confirmation of the 1hr chart. Watch the USD/JPY with Vegas fibs. The JPY is reaching its lowest low hitting the last fib lines. Althrough the signal for bollar now is buy, it will change soon. YEN has to go up, meaning dollar will drop.

What i am saying is, Crossings of EMA & SMA on charts are not the only indicator im using. That includes the RSI. Elliot waves is more realiable. I will sometime next week, will post on full use of TIGA ABDUL the extension. My last PDF is an introductory, basic of the 9SMA. Watch its characteristic, some of you who pay attention will figure it out soon enough.

Its no longer a question of making pips, the real question is, Can you handle the so many pips?

Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
hi new to this.

when you create the ema` do you use the open or close.

tia.

sorry didnt read last message

--- 帖子 #439 ---
how do i open your attached files?

tia

--- 帖子 #440 ---
York, save the file posted by Aha, and place it in your metatrader\experts\indicators  folder and then restart your platform, then you can attach it to your charts from the custom indicators list.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Did anyone just take the GBPUSD trade?

--- 帖子 #442 ---
RSI isnt below 50

--- 帖子 #443 ---
there was 5/12 cross down on GBP/USD but RSI has not confirmed it yet. have to wait for RSI to drop below 50level

--- 帖子 #444 ---
if anyone wants to chat on msn messenger, I would like to chat about this.  I don't want to post my email address here though.  PM me and we can chat

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Yupz, made 23 pips long & just bank-in 10pips Short. Now its bearish continuing with remaining 70% of my trade.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Hey guys,

seems like we shall be ready to short this cross  really soon..

FT

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Ive been looking this thread for some time now and thanks to all for the great work that u r doing here....

Guys for the RSI rule, u wait for the candle to close with the RSI bellow 50...not with the candle forming.. rigth????

Many thanks in advance

MATIASFX

--- 帖子 #448 ---
on the close of a candle

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Damn this thread is on friggin' fire!!!!

Aha, thanks for the cross indicator! Has anyone tried it? are there any bugs?

Thanks to everyone for the awesome contributions. I think we are onto an amazing system here!

I'm waiting for the eur/usd short too!!!! See how one signal precursors the other? The 5/12 on the 30 crossed... We shall now wait for the 21 RSI to confirm and get in! And if it doesn't, then it kept us out of a bad trade!

Good Luck!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #450 ---
very true with the RSI.  I looked at that indicator and it seems to give a signal before RSI actually gets above/below 50.  I mught not be looking right though

--- 帖子 #451 ---
yup guys waiting for the rsi to conform it.. but have u guy look at eugbp its going down already.. and at 1 hour chart its look like going down too... what a miss there....

--- 帖子 #452 ---
is the 15 min chart too small a time frame to useas an entry

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Yeah, it seems to be like that for the historical data in the chart. I am still waiting for a signal being generated to confirm that problem. But so far it generates no signal for EUR/USD and GBP/USD, which is correct.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
is that a sell signal on the gb/us 30 min chart

--- 帖子 #455 ---
From my understanding, no. The RSI had not gone below 50.

cheers...

--- 帖子 #456 ---
You guys should look at the RSI first and THEN look at the cross. This will prevent you from being trigger happy like our friend JIMRED.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
couldn`t sleep last night after reading this thread

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Are people in long on eur/usd at the moment?

I am using oanda charts on a demo thankfully, i have been stopped out twice this morning already. once on the above and once on the cable.

Looking into it it seems as if the ema's are crossing earlier on oanda than on metatrader andthen back again.

Has anyone else had this problem.

I am using 5 and 12 ema's and a 21 rsi

thanks

--- 帖子 #459 ---
We're still in the early testing stages, but has anyone compiled a list of what pairs this system seems to work best with so far? Sorry if someone has done this already, but the thread is so long now its hard to sift thru every detail...

We know that the RSI method works well with EUR/USD and there is some lag on the RSI method with GBP/USD (use Orange's Tig method for this).  I have also had success (so far) using the RSI 21 with the USD/CAD.

What about other major pairs? Non-USD cross pairs?

--- 帖子 #460 ---
ON the EURUSD 30 minute chart the pair has been pointing long from several hours ago. There is no entry for any new trade at this point. I am waiting for a SHORT actually.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Yardi,

What is the Short position that you would be expecting to enter?

Khaled

--- 帖子 #462 ---
I am watching EURUSD and GBPUSD for a possible short in the next few hours. There is also the AUSUSD.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Hello guys

i wanna ask what system do u using now here

is >>  5 and 12 ema's and a 21 rsi , 30 min  Eur/usd

Please answer !

--- 帖子 #464 ---
That is what I am using at the moment.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
is for entry >> look at the RSI first and THEN look at the cross

so what about exit ?

and as i see there's alot of fake signals !

--- 帖子 #466 ---
I am in on audusd right now.   Its not moving much though

--- 帖子 #467 ---
This is the kind of market I like to sit on the sidelines.  Whipsaws back and forth, great way to dwindle your funds.

On the 30 minute charts, for USD/JPY for instance, it looks like the RSI is going to cross above 50 for a long position, then 5 minutes later it turns the other way.  USD/CHF behaving quite the same way.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
I'm thinking 1hr charts would be better to use

--- 帖子 #469 ---
See how good the RSI does at keeping you out of the whipshaw? I was looking for a EUR/USD short last night, but I am thankfully still on the sidelines with all my money still in my account due to the 21 RSI. I hope no one took a position yet. You could have actually taken a quick buy when the 5/12 crossed up while RSI was still above 50. It was only good for 10 or 15 pips, but better than nothing!

I too am still waiting for the EUR short YARDIE! MACD shows a hint of divergence favoring a bear run.

As far as the other pairs I do not know which this system works for. I am content with trading only the Euro as I am confident this system works with it.

Seems as though ORANGE is having great success with the GBP! Maybe we should pick his brain a bit.

As far as the Euro, it's in a huge state of consolidation. This means we are ready for a big trending move. In a situation like this I would not only wait for the 30 min. "Bago'pip-system" to show a signal, but a price breakout as well!

Let the trade come to us!!!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #470 ---
A break and close thru the 60EMA could be used in this situation to let us know the trend has changed and 5-12 trades can again be taken when the opportunity arises.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
i ave been using the 5& 12 ema with the 21rsi it has been crossing the 50 consistantly on oanda so i have been getting whipsawed to death but only on demo so far. Can anyone tell me what we are looking for when it is ranging like this. I am following signals but i have been hit everytime i have gone into the market today. i know this is going to be a great system but i can't get to grips with it. I have been having great success recently on fundemental but the brokers are trying to stich us up with slippage and no fills so i thought a re visit to technicals was the way. if i can master this entry i believe this can work with all the great work you have all done.

could someone give me the benefit of their experience on this one please.

thanks

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Which pairs are you trading?

I usually wait until the candle closes after crossing the RSI's 50 unless the candle has lots of momentum in which case I will enter before a close.  It still needs to be across the RSI's 50 mark though.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
GBP/JPY Long signal generated about an hour ago... 30 minute chart, I'm in for 5 lots.

1st TP @ 213.83 ... 2nd TP @ 214.04

I realize I am trading against long term 4hr trend, but I see signs of a reversal on 4 hour...

BTW: 1st TP already reached...

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Let us know how it works out.

I stay away from GBP/JPY using the 5-12 cross because of the large spread.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
If the one hour GBP/JPY confirms the trend reversal, like it looks like it's going to do... I will enter another long position for this pair.

There could actually be great potential for an excellent short here if this pair is just pulling back... 1hr GUPPY looks like we may be in for a bounce back down here.

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Sometimes you need to give the trade some time to materialize. Because the EMA and RSI cross and then go back slightly 5 minutes after doesnt mean that the trade has gone bad. This is why stop loss is important. I think 20 pips is a good stop loss on the 30 minute chart -- maybe 25 pips. Another thing you could do is just close out the trade if the RSI hit 45 or less on a LONG position or 55 or more on a SHORT position.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Is this a general rule of thumb you use with this system, or do you apply it to a specific pair of currencies...

I wasn't sure if you were referring to my earlier GBP/JPY post.

I generally use recent lows and highs for SL.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Its a general rule of thumb that I have been using.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
I am having all 4 lines together with Sidus Baco Entry Indicator. What's wrong with it?

nchosen

--- 帖子 #480 ---
This seems to be a very informative document...and I know it is imcomplete, but like it is confusing on how to use...I mean it seems to cause more un-needed crosses than the regular sidus(with variation) method...also nothign is really explained...on the thirty minute chart of GBPUSD i have seen more than 3 entrys and exits that would of loss me mmoney in the past 10 hours. So maybe i dont understand when exactly do you enter, when do you exits. And i think I understand the TP rules...Thnx for clearing up my frustrations

--- 帖子 #481 ---
I have been trading the eur/usd. Ihave had a look at metatrader ,which i am not really used to, and it does seem that the 5&12 cross the 18 & 28 less frequently than on oanda. I don't know why this should be but it would signal fore me to enter the market more often. I have been waiting for the RSI to touch the 50. It seems that i will need to change to a broker who uses metatrader if i want to use any EA's in the future. Bummer really because i really trust oanda but they are let down a bit by their charting. This isn't so much of a problem when using fundemental of course as i have.

Sorry if i keep going on about this entry but it really has hit me today how tricky this is . I have a good run lately but this has given me a reality check today.  any ideas for dependable brokers using the metatrader platform?

--- 帖子 #482 ---
I think the problem is not which broker do you use, it is about how to prevent whipsaw?

--- 帖子 #483 ---
I think it is because of the weekend gap in oanda's chart. The gap was taken into account by the indicators in Oanda as non moving periods while they are not MT4. That's why I get signals from MT4 and trade in oanda.

Tomorrow's results should be much more consistent between these two platforms.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Aghhhhh! That makes sense now. i have the metatrader charts up now and i would have saved myself the heart ache . I willfollow your lead then from now on. Do the charts stay up on metatrader even if you log out, only i did it earlier and i have had to put all my ema 's and rsi back on.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Trade is working out PERFECTO!

Booked 2 lots @ first fib # for 34pips, booked 2 more lots @ 2nd fib # for 55 pips and have 1 lot running the distance.

The amazing thing is that this trend went all the way up to the exact 3rd fib level from my entry point, usually it's close, but hardly ever right on the money.

http://i7.tinypic.com/21kynuo.gif

--- 帖子 #486 ---
hey guys, ive been reading this post for a day now and it seems like there are lot of valuable info. I have set up my ema's 18/28 and wma's 5/12 and rsi 21 but what i dont get is if 5 crosses 12 upward and they both cross ema's with rsi above 50 is that a strong buy? also it seems that on a 30 min chart we are missing some pips because ema and wma is not reflected on the chart that fast.  i've noticed someone had a system or an idea to use in addition to use with these indicators? any ideas?

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Here's a suggestion, instead of RSI above/below 50, make it above 52 and below 48.  Or you could flip it.  Below 52 and above 48

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Would you please post the screenshot? The indicator works great here on my computer.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Wouldnt one miss a big chunk of pips with this setting?

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Ok guys,  I had this indicator tucked away with my buttload of indicators.  I just found it today.  I am not exactly sure how it works but, it seems to add an extra guarantee of a good trade.  I will post a chart as well to show what it looks like.  I have the regular RSI 50 and this StepMARSI on the chart.  The blue and orange line will cross the purple line which confirms a sell/buy. Use it along with the regular RSI.  There are many times the regular RSI will touch the 50 and counce off.  When that happens, the blue and orange lines will not cross the purple line.  There is another indicator that goes along with this one that if anyone likes this one, I will post the other one,  I think with those two alone, it would probably make its own system.  Let me know what you think.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Yes sometimes possibly.  One would not lose some pips also on headfakes too.  I guess it would be a conservative approach.  I am basically throwing ideas out there to get peoples brains working and improve this awesome system.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Well I am all for anything that filters our headfakes!

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Is this available on the VT platform?  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
I used to use the VT platform. THis system is easy to set up on it.

Just click on add indicator 4 times, once for each MA.

First time select 18 for period and Expo. under type

2nd time select 28 for pereod and Expo. under type

3rd time select 5 for period and either expo or weighted under type

4 time select 12 or 8 for period etc.

change the color of the 5 and 8 to blue and yellow

I made the lines a little thicker also so they are easier to see.

also I added the RSI and set the period to 21

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Thanks for the info on putting this on the VT platform!

--- 帖子 #496 ---
I like the idea of using RSI 52 and 48 also.  Or even 51 and 49 if you prefer...  I've recently had some losses using the sidus method and this would have helped prevent them.  Also a factor that I am going to start taking into consideration is the ANGLE of the 5 & 12 EMAs when they are crossing each other.  Steeper angle = stronger buy/sell signal.  This would also have prevented some of my recent losses.

Personally I would prefer a simple adjustment of the RSI instead of adding a whole new indicator.  The appeal of this system is it's simplicity and if we keep adding things it's just going to get too confusing.

Let me know back on what you think of taking the angle of the 5 & 12 EMAs into account (30 min window) before entering a trade.

Again.  If anyone wants to instant message me they can.  I normally trade a bit in the asian session, then most of the Euro session and the beginning of the US session.  (lereyb@hotmail.com on MSN)

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Did anyone else take that Sell on the last bar of the 30min on EURUSD? ouch

--- 帖子 #498 ---
It looks like a valid signal at about 1.2764 or certainly by the 00:00 bar at 1.2761.  Probably no reason to panic ... yet!

But , I don't usually trade the EUR or GBP at this time of day.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Hi guys, what is your win/loss ratio on sidus system for today? I lost two trades, about 50 pips. Lots of fake signals... of course, the evidents disappear once it proved to be fake.

How do you feel about this system now? we have been pushing the limit to get into trade earlier, but in a market like today, those early signals are more likely to be fake.

If you have been successful today, do you mind share your analysis with us? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
I've been net negative over the last 24 hours or so.  probably about 100 pips net negative.  (about 35 per lot)  30 pips was my fault, not following the system well enough.  Then I lost on a trade in the Aud/USD, and also on the cable last night during the euro session.  I then made some of them back on the swissy.  So about 150 loss, 50 gain probably.

Read my reccomendations above.  I think that will help handle this.

Also talked to my friend using the vegas method and he is overall negative right now.  I think the market conditions at present are just very difficult conditions to trade...

--- 帖子 #501 ---
hi guys, i went short on eur/usd at 1.2755 and closed my trade at 1.2740 for a small profit following the system. i did follow the system but i still dont think this system is foolproof. it still has fake signals...

--- 帖子 #502 ---
But of course it isn't "fool proof" - if it was then we wouldnt need to continue discussing the matter in this thread correct?

Well it appears that GBPUSD made the expected 20 pips on that signal bu I only played the EURO this time (unfortunately).  Oh well still no lose nontheless so that is good... I've closed the trade out with few pips.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Hello Renasdad

Would you kindly attach the above indicator. It sounds

very familiar but I cannot remember the thread where

it was given. May be you can give the other indicator

also which you mentioned.

Senbanda

--- 帖子 #504 ---
regarding the comments on the recent losses, you need to factor in some old fashioned support and resistance.  with eur/usd in particular, the price has been hovering around the 76% fib (1.2775 ish) from the most recent 1.2862-1.2453 downmove and needs some momentum to break through it.   The system set up for a couple of longs on last Friday and hit the brakes in this area.  The above mentioned range has been the case for a couple of months now.  With a slew of data this week and next, I could see the U$D gaining some strength towards the bottom of the range again, amidst some volatility with all the economic announcements, and the tell tale sign of a strong insurgence through the psychological 1.3000 mark could happen if the FOMC decides to end the tightening.  As obvious as this may seem I could see the big Dawgs toying with the price for a while (hours/days ???) before seeing the strong move up.  I feel we're on the verge of a fundamental shift.  All other things aside, I feel this is a great, simple system that needs logic and some fundamental analysis to weed out the false signals.  Just my 2 sense in it.  MA crosses have their pitfalls but using your brain to filter out the falsies is  a key element to success to trade this way.  Hope this helps.

Manny

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Sidus tunnels just crossed on EUR/USD H1, fib #s now come into play.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Hopefully it running toward vegas tunnel.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
30min cross'es are workin really well, so cool.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Hi guys and girls,

I've been following this thread from day one and have been trying to keep up with it on daily basis.

As we will soon get to page 35 on this thread, can I recommend we make a quick pause and do a GENERAL recap for everyone new on the thread as more and more often the questions seems to pop up. I could also use a good recap as more and more of us are exploring/trying different things with different pairs (no offence).

As some recommended using only both time frame by combining both charts, etc... it starts to get a bit confusing now.

I hope the EA will be ready soon for those who want to trade with it. I look forward to Sidus v.2, but before we get to that could we come up with a standard rule for everybody to follow for now.

Thanks to all for making this possibly the best threat ever on this forum and keep up the good work!

--- 帖子 #509 ---
all signs are showing for eur/usd short... am i right? i hope i'm reading the charts right..

--- 帖子 #510 ---
The window has already passed a while back...at least on the 30 minute chart.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
basically what we need to do then is enter just as the lines are crossing, not after they've crossed?? is that right? however what i'm seeing is by the time rsi confirms it might too late? or am i not on the dot?

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Well if the line cross and the RSI then goes below 50 then you can go for the short. Renasdad suggest RSI of 49 or even 48 as confirmation of a SHORT. Right now the RSI is about 37.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
lets face it we will get wins and losses with any system, so if we can win more than we lose and you work out an average win ratio and make your stop loss say one third of that we could be in the net winners circle.

anybody back tested and come up witha win/loss %?

PS gb/us 30m just signaled sell, 1 hr waiting for tunnel x.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
GBPUSD signalled SELL a long time ago..now its being reflected on the one hour chart...but you could have gained about 25 pips by entering on the 30 minute chart.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
astarflier.  I printed the 35 pages out (in printable version it is 225 pages in letter size!!!), just to weed out chit chatting that some times occurs (mine, too  ) and get to "the meat".  I think a SECOND PDF file with DATE and/or VERSION number should be the next step.

On the other side, this thread is cooking, like a hot soup - the "SIDUS-Ideas-Soup" and it is fantastic to see the creativity and ideas flow...

...but, yes I agree.....I'm getting lost.

Peter.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Not exactly sure what you are talking about here but, I will give it a try. Are you asking for the first indicator  is it the first one I attach?  Then there is the second one I was talking about.

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Ok guys,  I am gonna give it a shot at what I have come up with caue there are many people here working on this and seem to not know what others are doing.  I want to post the way I am looking at this and to get any feed back possible on it.  PMs are great too so it doesnt clutter the main thread.  There is a guy in here that wants to make a system out of this and make a website for it for us to go to.  I have posted quite a few indicators with some ideas and looked at alot more indicators that I never mentioned.  I was hoping for some feedback and got hardly none so,  I come to the conclusion that either noone tried them or noone liked them.  The indicators I have liked the most are gonna be on my charts I post and I will explain them as well.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
If you could post up at picture and explain it a little bit , it would help us to understand what makes the system better....not just all the indicators, it would surely cluster the chart.....thanks

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Here it is,

EMA 5= dotted blue

EMA 12=dotted yellow

EMA 34=pink

EMA 55=pink

RSI 49/51 above 51 buy

below 49 sell

StepRSI settings 14,5,15

BrainTrend2StopLine==The yellow line is a long position SL and the blue line is a short position SL in my charts.

Vegas 1 hr tunnel

There are differant ways a person can add to a position and subtract from a position so I am not going to go into that. I wanted to talk with some people about that and it doesnt seem to happen. So, we won't go into that part. I will just talk about entry, SL and TP.

To enter a long,

1. Look to see if the blue and orange line is above the purple line on the StepRSI

2. Make sure RSI is above 51.

3.Make sure the 5 EMA has passed through the 12 EMA to the upside.

To enter short,

1. Look to see if the blue and orange line is below the purple line on the StepRSI.

2. Look to see if RSI is below 49.

3. Make sure the 5 EMA has passed through the 12 EMA to the down side.

SL is where the braintrend2 indicator comes into play. It will put lines above and below price. When you enter a trade, for short, make it one pip above the brain trend line and for a long, one pip below.

Vegas 1 hr tunnel. This is where you will take profits or even add to a position. This can be used in a couple ways. This is the part of adding and taking away from a position that I would like to work on with others. I have a good idea on how to do it but, like everyone used to tell me when I was younger, 2 heads are better than one.

I am still working on this system to see if there is some other filter to be used for something.

One thing everyone needs to remember, 30 minute charts WILL have more losers than the 1 hr charts.

I hope I haven't left anything out.

--- 帖子 #520 ---
These are the 3 indicators I have on my charts.

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Hello Renasdad

Yes, those were the indicators I wanted.Thank you very

much. In addition I downloaded the Braintrend too. I already have Vegas. I am going to follow your instructions.

Greatly appreciate your help. Will keep you informed.

Senbanda

--- 帖子 #522 ---
How bars should we go back for the BrainTrend?

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Are the settings the same for the 1 HR chart versus the 30 MIN TF?

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Not sure if I understand.  You mean, how many bars go back from entry to set SL?  I use what is right above or below of my entry.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Yes, I don't mess with the settings at all.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Something else I have notice in scrolling back in charts. I will post one too just for something to look at. On the StepRSI, Plot a 50 just like you would for the regular RSI. If all 3 lines are above the 50 on that, it is just more confirmation.

Also, look at that purple line, it usually stays straight although it does go up and down a little. Notice anything when it actually moves? I am trying to wrap my head around it and see what it can help.

Another thing, I have 7 or 8 differant RSI indicators and I am gonna see if they can help in any way. The nice thing about MT$ is you can overlay one on top of the other.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Oopsy, forgot the chart.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
This is one fantastic thread. Everyone that has contributed... THANK YOU!

I have traded the SIDUS SYSTEM successfully with the following currencies:

USD/CHF

GBP/USD and

EUR/USD

Is anyone trading successfully with other currencies than those listed above?

Keep up the wonderful work!

George

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Hi Everyone,

I just wanted to say a few things here....  I've noticed a few members on this thread, probably newbies, complaining of a few losses and asking the same things over and over. And that's ok, I did that also at one time. Thats how we learn. However, you must realize that no system is 100%. You cannot expect it to be as easy as two lines cross here and one crosses here and BAM!!!! You've got 200 pips!

You have to use other elements in conjunction with this or any other method. For instance, I use Pivot points, weekly and daily, Cam lines, Fibs, MACD, multiple time frames, and most importantly... Trendlines. Right now for instance, there is one hell of a strong upward trendline on the EUR/USD. It is generally bullish on higher time frames meaning be carefull whenever you short it right now until it breaks the trendline. If it were bearish on the higher time frames you'd want to take only short positions, and longs only for a short time on a retracement, and thats risky.

So please for your own accounts sake follow the system that works best for you. 2 people can follow the same exact system yet one will make money and one will lose. So if this one doesn't work for you there are hundreds or thousands out there that will!

Whichever system you chose to base your trading on, use these other factors and your own good judgement with sound money management and you will succeed as a trader!

I hope this helps some of the new guys!!

A bit of tough love from...

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #530 ---
I've been using it with success on the USD/CAD, but I had to lower my profit taking levels as this pair, at best, will generally make around a 120 pip run between 18-28 EMA crosses.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
I'd also like to point out that Sidus' original method works very well (with no mods) with a pretty decent risk factor I might add. You just give up some pips at the tops & bottoms (as Vegas also mentioned earlier in this thread).  I dare say that in the long run more people will profit from using it that way.

If you go a' chasin' these 5-12 (or 5-8) cross trades you will find out the hard way how fast your acct can be depleted.

I'd recommend that any newbies here start with the original method before moving on and adding any modifications.

You can't have it all folks...

--- 帖子 #532 ---
I am currently using the bago-sidus-vegas system on USD/CAD. This time the phase 3 came first (price crossed 144/169EMA line), I have taken profit on one slot at 33 from the crossing (not from my entry) and adjusted SL to break even, now I am waiting for the price running to 55 level.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Thanks Renasdad. I think this may be what Gavner means to put that EA together. It has some nice filters buitl in. I dont mind 1 hour chart trading if it means less losers.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Bon... I disagree. I've had enhanced success incorporating the 5/12. You must not have the system down if it's not working for you. I am almost 100% profitable with it!

As I mentioned in my last post, it was solidified by the huge upward move with the Euro today. All signs pointed up as I mentioned... The 5/12 crossed with the RSI and BANG!!!! I lost count of how many pips were made!!!

Like I said... not every system works for everyone. Find the one that works and stick to it!!!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #535 ---
So bago,  you are only using 5 and 12 cross with RSI(21) set at 50 and that is it?  What about the WMA on the 1 hr chart?    Also, do you pay attention to the longer term trend at all or only when the 5/12/RSI cross?

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Hey bag,

I'm with you and it has been profitible for me also, but I really believe that most people, especially those that are just starting out or can't spend great amounts of time in front of the computer will benefit more from the original sidus method.

Sorry if my post implied that nobody would profit from the modified version cause we both know (and Orange & AZHot) that that isn't true.

Happy pippin'. I wish you continued success.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
hallo @ all, specialy to sidus,

i am a realy newbie and just want to tell sidus that i try his system for 1 week

now and it´s very surprising how nice and easy it works.

thank you sidus and allways big luck and happyness for you !!!

molguge

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Bagovimo, did you take the 5/12 cross on the 30min at 6:30-7:00 AM EST or 11:30 - 12:00AM EST?

Thanks,

Jim

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Before anyone goes and starts to trade with the indicators I put on there, make sure you know what you are doing and not find this thread and just start trading this way. Adding to a system makes one think things should get better. Many times, it will make things worse. The simpler the better. People are always looking to improve things they find to make it work out better for themselves. Here is an example of what I mean... How many people do you know that have bought a car be it new or used. They run that sucker so long it dies. It got 35 or 40 miles to a gallon and ran for 200,000 miles. They go to buy their next car and that thing get half the gas mileage and lasts only half as long. They say " why can't they make it like they used to?" That car company that made the car knew how good it was but guess what, yup they wanted to improve it and make it "better" and differant. Now, that example may have went a bit too far but, if you take the original system introduced in this thread, nothing may needed to be added and it will work better than anything you will find.

I did kind of go indicator crazy there for a while and wonder what is the best thing to do. I have chatted with a few people in the last couple days and am pretty much back at a few MAs and RSI. I am glad though that I did put all that stuff out there for you guys to mess with to see what you could come up with though. So, on to my next project.  Posting a rundown of a few MAs and the RSI.    If there are a few changes I miss, please inform so the newer readers know what is going on.  And like I said before, there is a guy I know that would like to get a website up based on this also.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
30 minute chart

5 and 12 EMA

RSI(21) 50

Short= 5 crosses 12 from top to bottom, RSI crosses from above 50 to below 50.

Long = 5 crosses 12 from bottom to top, RSI crosses from below 50 to above 50.

We then switch to the Sidus system.  See if price goes through the 18/28 tunnel.  If it gets through the tunnel and the 18 and 28 MAs cross, we then look at the Vegas Tunnel to take profits.

HM, is that it? I know there are people out here that want it all in one post and it seems like it isn't happening.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
BrainTrend2StopLine has a parameter NumBars set at 500 by default, should the NumBars value be higher than 500?

--- 帖子 #542 ---
That is only for how far it will go back in time.  If you set it at 20,000, it will just go back 20,000 bars.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
That's pretty much the guts of it.

I just wanted to add that I have been running with this on demo for about a week. All was going well until y'day when both trades I was in got stopped...and by a huge move too. Reason? I wasn't paying attention to upcoming news announcements.

As simple as it is, this system appears to work.  But, you gotta pay attention to what is happening. If there's upcoming news, weigh up your options. Never let a winning trade become a losing trade.

There's no "failure" or "shame" in standing aside if you're unsure what reaction news will bring. Print out FF's calendar and staple it to your screen!

Cheers,

Artamon.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Something to add to this, hehe.  If you do have a couple losing trades in a row, you have to take the good with the bad.   If you look at this as a business,  any business has to pay for things to keep running their business.  The only thing a person can do after losing is ask why and did I do something wrong.  If the system proves itself to be good in the long run, losing is just part of trading.  I have lost so many trades in a row I can't even start to guess how many there have been.  Not from this system but others.  It has taught me so much and I bet, I could go back to many of those systems now and start making some money on em.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Renasdad,    Did you ever explain what StepRSI is and how it works while intergrated in the Sidus hybrid system? If you did I missed it so if you would please....

Thanks Much!

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Here Here Artamon!! Well Spoken!!!

--- 帖子 #547 ---
This is the basics of it, although a lot of us do things just a bit different.  For example I still keep the 18 and 28 EMA even on the 30 minute chart...  Just personal preference.  Then there are the others that incorporate vegas tunnel data in as well.  I personally do not...

I typed up a summary of what I do for a friend, which I think is also close to what Bagovino does and is based off of many of his earlier posts.  (I can't remember, but I think he does use the vegas tunnel and a couple things in addition to what I do.)  I'll attach a copy of it here.  Feel free to read it.

As a note.  About a day and a half ago where the market couldn't make up it's mind where it was going I lost a few trades and kind of took a day off trading.  This was a mistake.  If I would have kept doing exactly what I was doing before I would have made about 144 pips on the EUR/JPY last night (on 3 lots)  and more on the swissy this morning.  So I've learned that when the market is bouncing all over the place, keep watching...

P.s. I've done the best on the USD/JPY and USD/CHF.  But have also made pips on the cable, and EUR/JPY with this system.  (Someone asked earlier what pairs people have used on this system.)

--- 帖子 #548 ---
The StepRSI as seen in the chart I posted has a blue, orange, and purple line.  One way to confirm taking a position is to make sure the orange and blue lines are on the same side as the RSI(21) before opening a trade.  You can also put a Level 50 in it just like the regular RSI.  If all three lines are on the correct side of the 50,  I think it shows a stronger trend.   Time will tell how well it could work.  I did edit my post a little to explain the Step RSI better.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
winning traders:

I have to check back what I have done wrong with this system because I didn't really get good result in the past two days. Sometimes I did see all the conditions were met, but once I enter a trade, the price went to the opposite direction. Or sometimes when the conditions is met, the price has already moved 10 pips from where the cross happened, then I get hesistated in open the trade worrying the price movement has run out of steam and once I get in the price will began to retrace.

I have to attribute this to phsycological reasons. But at the same time, are those EMAs WMAs calculated with close price? or open? or (H+L)/2? I was using close price, don't know if that contributes to the fake signals I have been getting all the time.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Well said, Bagovino. I would also add key levels of S&R such as recent swing highs/lows, yesterday's high/low, the figure, etc. Price may very well go through these levels but it may retrace enough there to stop you out if it's close to your entry.

David

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Peter,

It would be great if you could post your PDF file whenever you'll be done with it so members could follow the setup step by step.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Hi Renasdad, in your system isnt important cross 34 55 EMA, ?

Thx

--- 帖子 #553 ---
You are right,  those aren't important according to Bago.

The only thing on a 30 minute chart is 5/12 EMA and RSI(21) 50.

1H chart, 18/28EMA and Vegas Tunnel.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
so why are there ?

--- 帖子 #555 ---
They are gone now.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
is important trend-_ now - is uptrend and than is better buy then sell or not in your system?

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Bagovino,

You are strictly using all EMAs right? I read this thread 3 times now and am just making sure. Maybe its cause I've been up for 36 hrs now.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Always trade with the trend.  If you are trading on 30 minute charts, check the 1 hr charts and zoom way out.  Even look at the 4 hr charts.  You can see the major trends.  It's not wise to trade against the trend.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
I've watched these developments with interest and this has become a very dynamic and productive collaboration exercise which is what FxFactory should be about. I currently trade successfully a hybrid version of the Knife/Mudd Buddha but my intial tests suggests Sidus plus could be superior.

I think the 5/12 EMA + RSI (21) is a solid improvement on the original and I have adopted this in my test model. I also use a Slow Stoch (14,7,3) as an extra trend confirmation  as I've found this old momentum indicator quite reliable on moves out of OB/OS in tandem with the RSI as outlined by Bago. I am a VT user so cannot utilise the specialist  MT4 indicators.

What I am unclear about is a) why the doubling of parameters on the 30m chart, surely this just replicates(approx) the 1H set up?  b) where does the Vegas 1H Tunnel fit into the logic? However, I see the use for Vegas style fib bands for TP tactics ?

If one of the prime-movers here could clarify a) +b) above I would be grateful.     Thanks ----  Bramhall17

--- 帖子 #560 ---
bramhall,

On the 30 minute chart is 5 and 12 EMA and RSI(21) 50. That is for getting in early before the 1hr signal produced by the 5/12 EMA and 18/28 MA. Not sure at the moment if 18/28 is EMA or WMA. I am thinking it is EMA.

The Vegas 1hr Tunnel is for taking profits at fib levels.

There are some not using the Vegas Tunnel.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
And then there are others using Pivot Points to take partial profits.

If you get a good entry, use whatever you are comfortable/familiar with to bank pips. Remember, what works for me may not work for you because, well, you're not me! :

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #562 ---
renasdad,

you are right about 18/28 MAs. They are both EMAs.

The only WMAs used in anyone's system in this thread are the fast MAs used with the original Sidus Method, with 5 & 8 WMAs.

By the way, like many others here I have been following this thread and I'm highly excited about this system.

I appreciate all those who contributed to this thread!

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Yes, I've been using pivot points. Is it just me or do these seem stronger than ever lately for S/P and resting points?

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Do you close an open position before a news announcement on the pair you're trading and are you getting back on that trade after the news settled?

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Indeed they do, mate. There's been a couple of pairs over the last 3 days that have been bouncing off the PP for hours on end. The only plus is that it's a strong signal when/if they eventually breach.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Yesterday, had I known the news was coming, the answer to your first question would've been yes. But, alas...

As for getting back in, it would depend on the prevailing trend and just how big a reaction there was to the news.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Looks like a good long signal on euro if the MA crosses.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Just curious, but are you looking for the cross on the 1/2 hr or hourly chart?

This thread is so huge now that I can't recall what strategies each person here has officially been using

--- 帖子 #569 ---
I am making a free website right now for this method, where a newb can get everything simply and succinctly. I see there are a few versions of what people are doing, im already working with a few ppl and there will be all of the files and explanations available there

If you would like to contribute message me

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Man In Black is the man!!

I am going with what Bago introduced with the 3 phases.   I am working on something with MIB and get some key things in order.

Bonmeister,  go back a couple posts and find the one that explains to bramhall 17.  That is a basic of what I am doing.  Those indicators I put on here are no longer on my charts.  They could help some people though.   There were some interesting things in those indicators I found.  Just leaving it simple for now.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Thanks.

I've also dropped a few things on my charts that have been more of a distraction than anything useful.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
EUR/USD close on the 1HR. CHART ... or so I thought ... glad I didnt buy, RSI is going lower now - I use a parabolic sar also seems to help confirm move ....  Got some of the indicators installed now ... Thanks all!!!

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Renasdad hit it right on the head! If your trading the 30 min cross look to the 4hr and 1 hr to get the trend and trade only in that direction. This will increase your winning trades 10-fold. It's a very expensive lesson I once learned!!!

Here is what I do.... I use the Vegas 4hr charts only to identify the trend. I do not trade the Vegas 4hr method. If it shows long I wait for the 1 hr to show long. I then only take longs on the 30min cross system. Keeping in mind the other factors I mentioned earlier... Pivots, Trend lines etc... You do the reverse in a bear market.

You can even zoom in to the 15 min. to get an idea of when the 30 min may cross because it will show up there first.

ManInBlack... I'm looking forward to your site!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Anyone here know how to program the Vegas fib levels into Intelliscript?

I'm demoeing some new chart software and I can't figure out how to do it.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
I have been following this thread since forever...and it's gREAT! I have been reading and learning mql4..finally i can contribute something.

I finally finished my first EA ever and it is for the 30min chart EUR/USD using sidius method (cross of 5/12..rsi<>50 etc..)

Her is the results of the backtest since may of this year since i have no previuos data on 30 min tf. Anyone who wishes to contribute to it..please help. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
freewebs.com/sidusmethod

By no means will this thread ever die. This method is like BGX. Go over there its freakin 500 pages long lol.

So I started this page and I want all of the files ever posted, all of the examples, anything that has been contributed, all in one spot. There is room for everything and anything.

It's not MY site, it's the methods site, and the method (it told me) wants you to know that its your site too and you should contribute anything at all...

Take a look, tell me what you want on there, contribute do whatever you want!

Really I want to go through the thread and get all of the good examples and MT4 files and have a list of links to really important post numbers and that and make it really cool but I'm way too busy.

Anyway talk to me if you want to work on it

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Thanks for sharing the backtest. But forward testing is always better than backtesting. I have seen that backtesting is not usually accurate.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Thanks.  This will be great.  I don't have the file with me on the omputer that I am on rightnow, but i posted "what I do" on my last few posts.  If you want to put that on the website you can...    I think the biggest bonus of setting it up as a website is that it will make it easier to differentiate between all the different variations that people are trading out there.  Kep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
ManInBlack

Thank you for taking this initiative. I too have been following this thread quietly from the begining and feel privileged to witness its development.

I have a small contribution. I have gone back in the thread and listed some of the posts I felt were important. I am sure I left many out that were also important but I did not want to make the list way too big myself so feel free to add to this list.

SIDUS METHOD THREAD - Memorable posts:

Of course post # 1 By Sidus!

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=69563&postcount=1

# 30 by Vegas!

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=69563&postcount=30

# 112 by OrangeRoshman was the first to think of combining the sidus method with the vegas tunnel

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=75712&postcount=112

A Huge Contribution... by bagovino on post # 160

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=76634&postcount=160

Post # 203 by Yardie is the first to suggest using the 5 & 12 EMA along with the 21 RSI

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=76993&postcount=203

post 240 from bagovino

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=77403&postcount=240

post 264 by bagovino

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=77918&postcount=264

bagovino proposes a 3 phase system on post 298

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=78318&postcount=298

Good post by traderdp

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=78742&postcount=362

Bagovino corrects post above (362) with some details on post 372

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=78844&postcount=372

Orange Roshman posts TIGA ABDUL on post 389

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=78926&postcount=389

azhotpipper did a nice writeup on post #422

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=79099&postcount=422

good post by renasdad

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=79630&postcount=522

bagovino lays out comon sense on post 532

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showpost.php?p=79677&postcount=532

This is just a partial list. There is too much great information on this thread!

My 2 cents

- Halcyon

--- 帖子 #580 ---
I was asked to post a chart reguarding my earlier comment.  Go long if the EURUSD 5/12 crosses on the 30 minute chart.  Notice the RSI was over 50 but the 5 bounced off the 12.  So here is it.  When I posted that, it was the bar just to the left of the red line.

--- 帖子 #581 ---
MIB,  just checked out that site.  Good job.  When I get to work, I am gonna go see how things work there and see what I can do to help.  Gotta love my job.

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Here is an idea with that website.  Could we make a section strictly for our trades?  Put a chart on with area of entry and what we saw because of the trade.  I think this would be a very good idea.  It would be forward testing by everyone and we could see what went wrong on certain trades and what made a trade more "powerful".   Charts are always good.  It is a good way to learn and to refer to.  Look at the private forum, many many charts.   There are quite a few people here and there are differant ways we are trading the same system.  I think it would be a good idea.

What do you guys think?

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Halcyon, thanks for taking the time as summing it all up. Your post is the one we should refer the newbies of the thread to.

Renasdad, Thats a great idea. Pictures are worth a thousand words.

I'm in!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #584 ---
otcsmart.10e.net/forex.html

You will find links ... to many forum posts ... from this Forum ... and much more. Hope you like it. Thanks all!

--- 帖子 #585 ---
I hope you all caught the recent drop on the Euro for 50 pips and still running!

This 5/12 cross is the best system I've ever scene!!! The only thing is you have to babysit the charts...

How is the EA coming along? It would be great not to watch the screen all day!

Or..... Is there a way to get a cell phone text when the 30 min Bago'pips system signals????

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #586 ---
bagovino, I think it would be nice if we had an interactive forum where each trader could post one liners ... as to when they are buying/Selling .... individual pairs. What do you think of that?

NOTE: USD/JPY is it ready to move also .... looks like it may over night. IHR and 30 min look higher. IMO

--- 帖子 #587 ---
I didn't catch it.  Although, I am attaching a chart to show something.  This chart is what I am talking about with posting charts and a little explination.

5 EMA crossed the 12 EMA with RSI  on the 30 min chart.  Notice how the 5 is bouncing off the 12 but not crossing it.  The RSI however is going from below to above the 50 line.  The 5 EMA is filtering out the RSI to keep us from going long.

The second chart,  1 hr with the 18/28 EMA and Vegas tunnel.  Notice price touched the tunnel and retraced forming a pinbar.   After the  5 and 12 crossed on the 1 hr, and then you opened the trade, it would have only needed a 25 pip SL to keep you safe.

Also on the 1hr chart I post, I zoomed it out to show the more risk this trade is because it is going against the longer trend.

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Here is a possible trade.  It is usdcad.   RSI has been below 50 though.   On the 30min, 5 crossed 12 but no RSI cross.  On the 1hr 5 is about to cross 12 also.  The Vegas Tunnel is pointing in a down trend though.  and so is the 1hr Sidus tunnel.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
If I was babysitting the charts I would have caught this one with a major 4hr trendline break as further confirmation...
http://i1.tinypic.com/23i9lqa.gif

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Of course this break is consistent with the daily trend... look for a break in the daily chart, or at least a bounce off of the trend line.  Guppy MMA's sugesting possibly that this has been rangebound (R=1.2822 S=1.2948)daily for a while and ADX suggesting no certain trend.  I would watch 30 minute chart using Sidus as the daily approaches a)trendline support b) long term(yellow) GUPPY MMA's, and c) rangebound support levels:

http://i4.tinypic.com/23i9rq1.gif

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Congrats to all who have contributed. Have been spending all my time trying to keep up with the posts! There seems to be differing opinions with regards to the use of higher timeframe trend evaluation as a "filter" for the 30min. Bagovino mentioned his lessons with regards to only trading in line with the 4h & 1h trends. However the previously mentioned trade with yesterday's EurUsd fall was AGAINST the trend, but was successful. Also, the idea of the trade progressing through 3 phases or stages where phase 1=30min chart (5/12EMA cross with RSI 50 cross) followed by phase 2 = the modified 1h SIDUS (using 5/12 EMA rather than 5/8 WMA's), followed by phase 3 = the Vegas 1h tunnel would seem to suggest that the first entry (the 30 min chart) would often be at the point of a trend reversal (against the trend). This would often agree with Vegas' point that once the price reaches one of the outer fib channels, its screaming exhaustion. You'd then get a reversal, a phase 1 entry (against the trend), then if the reversal is successful, a phase 2 confirmation then possibly phase 3 with a cross of the vegas 1h tunnel. Wouldn't it be frequently after phase 3 that you'd finally get agreement with the trend? How does the idea of ignoring the prevailing trend IF price is beyond one of the outer 1h Vegas fib levels (screaming exhaustion) sound?

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Is there someone who could tell me how to write an EA that would have an audio alert when the 18 EMA and 28 EMA cross. Also when the 5 WMA and 8 WMA cross. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
I think this is something to consider.  If price is at the outter fib levels, the chaces are higher of price changing direction.  So, we would have more confidence in trading against the trend.

This is someting that needs to be paid attention to for sure on how well it works.

That's why we all need to post our trades and explination of why we took them with a chart.

I don't mean we have to do it right when we open a position.  That's not the point of posting trades here.  The point to post the trades and charts with explination is so others can look at it and see what went right or wrong.

There is talk about babysitting the charts.  So, there shouldn't be much excuse for not having the time to put a chart with explination here.   It would help others and it would help each person that does post.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Hi Guyz, talkin about Longterm trend, how about we use shi-channel, to get view of the higher timeframe trendlines on 30min chart and 60min chart ????? for example, we could use 60min & 4hr shi-channel on 30min chart to see where is the cross in relation to the 60min/4hr trendline, and on 1hour chart, we could use 4hr shi-channel to see where is sidus cross in relation to 4hr trendlines. Crossups at bottom of the channel, and crossdown at top of the channel would have higher probabilities.

What do you think of this ?? i'll attache the indicator in this post, just set the timeframe and the color that you want.

I have attached chart in this post, this is 30min chart with greenchannel is of 1hr timeframe, and pink channel is of 4hr timeframe, crossdown took place at top of both the channels. Let me know your views on this.

--- 帖子 #595 ---
G'day all,

Here are my last 2 trades simply using the 5/12 cross with RSI below 50. (All on demo, btw)

I checked the trend on 1hr and 4hr and took the trade accordingly.

http://img133.imageshack.us/img133/5...radeij3.th.gif http://img89.imageshack.us/img89/211...radedi4.th.gif

Cheers,

Art...

Edit: I should explain that I took partial profits at pivots. My TP's are also set at PP or Supp/Res points...sometimes I use Fib levels - it just depends what type of gain I think is achievable with respect to what range the curency has been trading in. That is, smaller range = smaller expectations.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Peter,  this would be a good idea so we don't have to go lookin at chart to see the trend.  It would show us what it is right away.  We'll have to see what would happen when we get a 1hr downtrend and 4hr uptrend or vice versa.   Will take a look when I get home.

I have posted this before but would like to again.  Anyone that wants to chat about this phase3 system, PM me with a hotmail address and we can chat.  There are a few of us that are doing this now and it can be quite fun.  It makes the time watching charts go by pretty good.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
That mtfchannel is freaking awesome.

Jim

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Cross down on AUD/USD at top of 1hr & 4hr channels on 30min chart. Greenchannel is 1hour timeframe, and magenta channel is 4hour Timeframe.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
<TABLE class=tborder id=post cellSpacing=1 cellPadding=6 width="100%" align=center border=0><TBODY><TR><TD class=thead>Yesterday, 01:58 <!-- / status icon and date -->

</TD></TR><TR><TD class=alt2 style="PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; PADDING-TOP: 0px"><!-- user info --><TABLE cellSpacing=6 cellPadding=0 width="100%" border=0><TBODY><TR><TD class=alt2>http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...ine=1151057945</TD><TD noWrap>OrangeRoshan http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...er_offline.gif<SCRIPT type=text/javascript> vbmenu_register("postmenu_", true); </SCRIPT>

Pipster

</TD><TD width="100%"> </TD><TD vAlign=top noWrap>Join Date: Jun 2006

Location: Brunei Darussalam

Posts: 155

</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!-- / user info --></TD></TR><TR><TD class=alt1><!-- message, attachments, sig --><!-- icon and title -->http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...cons/icon1.gif Re: additional confusion with 100 / 30 System

<HR style="COLOR: #d1d1e1" SIZE=1><!-- / icon and title --><!-- message -->do you mean that you only stay in a trade one or two bars looking for a 10 pip profit and then exit when you hit your goal?

Yes & No

In my PDF i mentioned about using the 30mins most of the time. This is primirily used for 100/30 system. But actual trading decisions are based on the 1hr

1. 10pips is the ultimate goal. Its easier to get & duplicate. Sometimes when you target more than 10pips, it ended up becoming a losing trade. ROB Booker recommends it as well (www.robbooker.com).

10pips x 1 lot = $1
10pips x 10 lots = $10
10pips x 100 lots = $100

same 10pips with different monetary value.

Regarding exiting, at my level (trust me, you dont want to know) i trade more than 1 lot. I do 3 things:

1. Exit at 10pips with 50% of my lot
2. Stay on the trade with remaining 50% when:
a) 12EMA is very near or touch or approaching the 5EMA (most of you guys are just thinking about to trade, while Im already half way, already banking in the pips). The reason I know the next reentry signal is about to begin. So its safe to ride.

b) Support & Ressistance lines dictates the right trend

c) The Fibs are very far at least 20pips minimum

d) My elliot waves predict a trend advantages to me.

3. Exit 20% everytime it hits additional 10pips

4. The last lot will stay. Exit only when 9SMA cross the 5EMA
And then are you looking for a reentry ?

When 12EMA cross the 5EMA

"Enter position and take TP 10 pips again. It then dropped -15 pips, enter buy again, as you know the trend is bullish"

At the early stage of entry, 10pips is already being made. But price can dance around the bar like a bunjee jumping. After you exit with 10pips, wait until it retrace, then enter and start all over again. This however only possible when your platform allows multiple entry without adjusting your remaining lots. MT4 allows it.

do you only buy again if the price dropped, and if so by how much before entering again with a buy?

The half number of lots your previously exited. Targeting only 5pips. Because it is quiet risky.

And when you later said in the same post, " Exit again at your first exit point"

Retracing with reverse. Not recommended when you dont have enough practice.

</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE>

--- 帖子 #600 ---
<TABLE class=tborder id=post cellSpacing=1 cellPadding=6 width="100%" align=center border=0><TBODY><TR><TD class=thead>Yesterday, 01:59 <!-- / status icon and date -->

</TD></TR><TR><TD class=alt2 style="PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; PADDING-TOP: 0px"><!-- user info --><TABLE cellSpacing=6 cellPadding=0 width="100%" border=0><TBODY><TR><TD class=alt2>http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...ine=1151057945</TD><TD noWrap>OrangeRoshan http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...er_offline.gif<SCRIPT type=text/javascript> vbmenu_register("postmenu_", true); </SCRIPT>

Pipster

</TD><TD width="100%"> </TD><TD vAlign=top noWrap>Join Date: Jun 2006

Location: Brunei Darussalam

Posts: 155

</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE><!-- / user info --></TD></TR><TR><TD class=alt1><!-- message, attachments, sig --><!-- icon and title -->http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...cons/icon1.gif Re: additional confusion with 100 / 30 System (2)

<HR style="COLOR: #d1d1e1" SIZE=1><!-- / icon and title --><!-- message -->how does that work exactly to exit at a point that you may have already passed prior to entering the new long position?

Already answered

What do you mean by "pipping the bar is more convenient" ?

When your pair talk to you & the system works well with your trading strategy, its easy to make 10 or more pips with the 100/30 system. However, I donot recomends it.

Are you basically looking for small 10 pip gains per bar or per move and then manually exiting when that goal is reached, regardless of what other indicators suggest?

YES! Its better to gain small pips then losing pips.

And once again, how do you get 100 pips out of a 30 pip move?
100/30 system. My mentor was outrageous when I share this system. He said, its not recommended for everyone.

Would it be possible to show an example or chart Remind me next time, because Im very buzy managing accounts for my clients & the competetion is driving me nuts.which may simplify it for me and perhaps others as well. If you could possibly post the reply on the forum for us all, I'm sure alot of people would greatly benefit from it. You may post this reply.

9SMA is very powerful. I have not begin to explain properly to everyone about its characteristic fully. Im not the only one who discovered it, but I quickly found out, Professional traders who move billions a day for their government are also using it. So, for those who like to stay green, they will eventually see what we saw.

We are all eagerly anticipating your next explanation paper of the TIGA ABDUL method with additional information provided.

I think some traders at the thread are not ready for such a system yet. For now, me & my team will extract its full potential.

Again, thank you for all your hard work and your extreme generosity in helping others to help themselves. It is greatly appreciated.

traderdp

We may not meet or know each other, but its always been a pleasure to share a knowledge that has been helping me & making all my investors very very happy.

Keep learning like im too. You are more welcome, to leraned and I & my team are very humble to see a trader learning to become a profitable fx trader.

Thanks & Happy Trading.

<!-- / message --></TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE>

--- 帖子 #601 ---
I have noticed that some posts...added on 8/03 are now missing. Where did they go to?

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Thank you for the charts and your added ema's.... keep up the great work...

Everyone keep up the great work... and thanks for contributing to the best forex thread I have ever seen.

This system ROCKS

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Here are a couple trades that could have been taken on usdjpy.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
I just updated freewebs.com/sidusmethod

If you want to contribue anything no problem

Trade Journal

For people who want to post examples, post them in the thread, and then we will add a link to the example from the website. Contact me and I'll give you the username and password so you can do it yourself instantly.

I'm super busy i just thought man there should be a site for this and I figured well who better to do it than myself

Rock on

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Would anyone play USDJPY right now or is it too volitile yet - our system rules will soon dictate a sell trade upon the close of this candle.

thanks

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Would anyone play USDJPY right now or is it too volitile yet - our system rules will soon dictate a sell trade upon the close of this candle.

thanks

--- 帖子 #607 ---
I wouldn't.  Who knows what will happen.  Although, I got burnt one time.  So, thats just me.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Yep... I agree it is risky... hey do you and others have skype so that we can communicate with one another and dont load down the site and/or administrator with messages?

My Skype is: SirPips

My Windows Messager is: Sir PipsAlot    (email sirpips@hotmail.com)

--- 帖子 #609 ---
EURUSD possible trades

--- 帖子 #610 ---
r u going to enter the trade? if i'm not mistaken today is friday right?

--- 帖子 #611 ---
No, I'm not taking any trades today.  That chart is just a visual for showing trades that could have been taken.  I put arrows on the charts to show it.  It is easier for me to learn be seeing so, I am showing charts for others to learn.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Attached is the first draft I did for this three phases system. The backward test doesn't look well. Because:

1. Most people are talking about enter signal. But the exit signal is not clear to me, although I read through all the posts. Currently the EA exits phase one when the H1 tunnel crossed to reverse direction.

2. I haven't found a good solution for SL, tried BrainTrend2StopLine, but it doesn't always give the support/resistance depends on the time to enter. I can enter the order at first then wait for the SL from BrainTrend2StopLine. But the value is too close to the price. Currently it just uses static SL.

3. The EA trade both directions. Some people mentioned to check the trend in H1, H4 or daily. But there is no clear description about how to do it. I need something very clear to be coded.

4. Some bad trades showed the enter/exit were too late. I am wondering if we can enter/exit when the distance between 5EMA and 12EMA start reducing.

5. I used the stepRSI indicator instead of RSI21, hope it doesn't matter.

I am a programmer, not a trader. To code the EA, I need more clear descriptions about each step under all situations. Please help.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Hi,

I am just wondering why sidus have given so much false signals lately. I am having 12 losses in row from 27th of July. Been trading by sidus rules and following the 1 hour/4 hours trends.

Have you guys been out from the markets or have I been too eager to trade? It seem like any trade I take have instantly "make" the market turn the other way.

nchosen

--- 帖子 #614 ---
I traded USD JPY, and got out at 115.50 .... guessed right overnight. LOL Nice Chart!!!

--- 帖子 #615 ---
I think maybe you are too jumpy to make trades...maybe you should switch to the hourly chart.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
You may have been too eager...or maybe your SL was too tight?? But only you can judge that.

All i can say is I have followed it all this week and I, and others, have had many trades go our way, with a couple of losers...on my demo, i'm almost +100 pips for the week...

Cheers,

Art...

P.S. I only trade demo atm.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
But do you agree that Sidus has given false signals (by rules) lately?

nchosen

--- 帖子 #618 ---
There are false signals.  There are things that need to be watched though to make sure you don't take the false signals.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
I just went against the grain and bought USD JPY semms to be a good buy here. See I need an EA to keep me from losing money. If the EA is a good one , it would certainly keep me from making these BAD TRADES. I read somewhere to trade with an EA keeps you in line and is much better, especially for those of us that cannot keep from going after these bargains. LOL ...thanks all!!!

--- 帖子 #620 ---
The hourly charts should be used with determining when to jump into following currencies:

GBP/USD

EUR/JPY

EUR/USD

USD/CAD

The 30 minute charts should be used with determining when to jump into following currencies:

USD/JPY

USD/CHF

Unfortunately, the hourly charts give false readings with the last two currencies listed.

I hope this helps out the traders that question why their trades are not looking as great opportunities to trade.

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Nchosen,

Are you using the original Sidus method or are you using the enhanced RSI 21 + 5/12 EMAs?  Because, I have yet to see these false signals yet.  Could you please be more specific on when and where these 'false signals' occured?

thanks

--- 帖子 #622 ---
I am using the enhanced RSI21+5/12EMAs.

Here is one example:

Closed Transactions:

Ticket Open Time Type Lots Item Price S / L T / P Close Time Price Commission Taxes Swap Profit

8864743 2006.08.02 14:44 buy 1.00 eurusd 1.2816 1.2783 1.2932 2006.08.02 15:07 1.2783 0.00 0.00 0.00 -330.00

nchosen

--- 帖子 #623 ---
if look at my 30m chart its show rsi21 was below 50. could u paste the chart to dicuss further..

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Sorry I do not have an external web page to add my images to. I could send to your email address though. I can not see your chart here.

nchosen

--- 帖子 #625 ---
I have noticed after big drops .... and after big moves up ........ BrainTrend2StopLine.mq4 .... gives an early .... indication of the next .... direction the pair is going to take. Just look at EUR USD and USD JPY .... look at 30min and 1hr charts .... for the big moves I find BrainTrend2StopLine.mq4 to be great. Thanks to renasdad for giving us that indicator. I don't know if this could be used in an EA or not? Thanks!

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Do you wait for the bar/candle to close?  Or do you just take a trade right when the cross happens?

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Trades that could have been taken for usdchf.  Note, the RED arrows that signaled a buy,  those would have not gotten much at all.  It would have been a fake signal.  Notice where RSI was most of the time.  It was above the 50.  The best thing to do would only be the "50 Bounce" or when price RSI dips below 50 and climbs above again.  With any one of those trades, a 15 pip SL would have never been hit.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Possible usdcad trades. Notice again the red arrows that would have resulted in getting stopped out because of false signals. Notice RSI is mainly above the 50 level here. The last set of green arrows however would have been a good long signal going against the RSI being below 50 most of the time. There are many "50 bounces" though. With these trades, no SL would have been hit except the red arrow trade.

Also look what has just happened.  Price went through the Vegas tunnel and retraced right back underneath it.  To me, this is a very good setup.  Look for short signals here.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
I don't trade eurchf but this is a good example of RSI showing range  bound.  See how it is bouncing back and forth over the 50 from above to beow back to above  That is what I have highlighted in the yellow box.  Notice what happens to the right of the boxes.  RSI gets above the 50 and stays there.  Look for long signals.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
nchosen,

Here is what you do to post charts.  Save your chart on your computer in whatever folder you want.  When you post on here,  go down and find the button that says "attach files to your post".  Click browese, click the correct file to open, click open, click upload file, once it is finished, click close window.  Then you post your reply.    That should work.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Great stuff renasdad!

Jim

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Thank you Jim.  I am addicted to this and I am gonna keep on going with it.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
For anyone that wants to learn more about Vegas Tunnel which is what I use and seems very very logical,  here is the thread you can find the docs at.

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...Wealth+Builder

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Here is one question for everyone here following.  Should there be a thread started just to post charts?  We could keep this thread open for discussion and one for charts.  I know over in the PF, they have Chart Reads Only.  Just for charts with explination.  It is used for a learning tool and I think that would be a good idea.  Instead of getting a chart here and then 3 or 4 posts and then another 2 or 3 charts and 7 or 8 posts.   Let me know what you guys think.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
I totally agree with you that there should be a separate place for charts as I believe visual patterns speak more clearly than words.But the moderator or who ever manages that chart section should keep useless comments and recomments cleansed regularly so that spirit of charting remains intact.

I do not write regularly but access the forum very regularly.I appreciate your chart postings and writing earnestly.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Hi renasdad,

i support very much the idea of a "clean" tread for discussing potential nearby trades and charts. Hope we can succeed with this. Keep up the

great work guys

Have a nice weekend,

FT

--- 帖子 #637 ---
yes, great idea. bythwy where does the thread u start off yesterday under the title SIDUS? i can't find it here anymore..

--- 帖子 #638 ---
It's gone.   Merlin said something about it too that we shouldn't post anything important cause it might get lost.  They went to their backup files and things posted after their stuff went down wasn't saved.    It's ok though,  we'll get it on here again though.  Unless their was something specific you were wanting to look at agiain.  Let me know.

And for the thread for charts,  I think all we would have to do is in the first post state that it was only for that and any questions could be made here about the charts.  And if anyone does post on the chart thread, we could kindly ask them to delete it and move their question to this thread.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
For those of you who like to use support and resistance, you might find this indicator helpful.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Peterdxb

According to the SHI-Channel, isn't it saying that the trend is up while you are shorting it [where your arrow are palced or is that where you had exited]?

--- 帖子 #641 ---
ET, which chart are you refering to  ???

--- 帖子 #642 ---
I think he is talking  about post 601

--- 帖子 #643 ---
ok ET, so you were refereing to my AUD/USD chart. Ok, the 1hr channel and 4hr Channel were UP, that short entry i took cos price reversed at top of 1hr channel & top of 4hr channel, followed by 5/12 crossdown to confirm that reversal, thats why i took it.

But if this has caused any confusion, then please let me know, i'l stop posting the charts.

To keep this thread clean and out of any confusions, i will be posting my charts/tradelongs in the journal section, should anyone wish to look at them here is the link: http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...ead.php?t=6877

--- 帖子 #644 ---
hi orangeroshan, thk 4 the great system of 3abdul. i really studying your method and try to implement it. by the way, since u r living near with me, i'm in kl while u in brunei DS. actually what time u start monitoring the market till what time u closed monitor the market a day? r u start frm japanese open market until london closing time (7pagi-11mlm) our asian time? average how many hours u stayed on monitoring market a day? i just feel lost it when wake up after subuh then monitor the market about 3,4 hour then close since no signal appear in the morning. i'm a newbie, can u guide me what should i do in order to manage my time management. sometime after 3,4 hour with no signal i'm back to sleep then after i wake up there was signal occurs, what a miss. could u guide me a bit what is u r time routine as a successful trader?

p/s: hope to be successful abdul wahub..

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Pete,

On your charts, you have red and blue arrows.  Do you put them in yourself or is that one of the indicators in this thread?  Thank you

--- 帖子 #646 ---
The RED and BLUE arrows are from emacross indicator. Here is the indicator.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Hello, Friends,

This is my first post on Forex Factory. I am glad to see the interest and involvement of everyone to produce a simple yet effective 5/12 system. My 5/12 setup offers the following. The RSI-Oscillator makes the 5/12 break a little more determinative and is confirmed by the Silver Channels and Cams.

The pix is last week's (Aug 4) closing. Can you see the cross at the pivot? The major trend is still up according to the RSI filter. A short term break downward may be in the offering. Anyway, the RSI-Oscillator will better determine its exact movement with confirmation, of course. Hope this helps.

COTtrader

--- 帖子 #649 ---
GP2X,

Thank you for your efforts on setting out an EA. I attached it to a GBPUSD demo account of mine and am about to start forward testing from tomorrow.

Without analysing the code in due depth I think you currently set 3 Profit Targets buy default:

40 pips (Bagovino)

80 pips (Sidus)

377 pips (Vegas)

with partial lots.

Since these are external variables the user can set the preferred ptofit targets.

If you could resolve attaching a Trailing Stop possibility as well, then the user could choose that in accordance his/her preferences.

As for trend checking, Vegas wrote his model in "4H Momentum Tunnel" that you can find here: http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...60&postcount=1

(It would be too long to repeat that here, sorry...)

I think using the distance changes between 5EMA and 12EMA would lead many false signals.

I will post my experiences with the forward test in a couple of days or weeks.

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Hi COTtrader:

Thanks for contributing.  Its interesting, I have been testing around with RSI oscillators, too and once they break down, they pretty much filter out some bad trades on the 5/12 Bagovino Method....I'm not partying yet the method, but refining it.  Once I have some reliable test results, I will post them here.  I also have a LEADING Indicator from an Russian Mathematician that is very promising, once I see that it works well with the 5/12 method i will upload the indicator itself......I just don't want at this stage to have people "hurt themselves" if this stuff doesn't work

Could you upload the indicators you have on your charts? Is that a simple RSI? Or some special whiz thing?

Thanks for your contribution.

Peter.

(If somebody wants the indicators beforehand and play around with, I will be more than happy to upload, its only on your own risk)

--- 帖子 #651 ---
I'd like to take a look at that Russian thing if you wouldn't mind.....

Thanks,

David

--- 帖子 #652 ---
I believe these are the 2 RSI indicators Co is referring to:

--- 帖子 #653 ---
COTtrader & PeterCross,

Thank you for your fresh ideas! I do believe they may benefit the 5/12 30min cross system! I think I may be familiar with that Russian leading indicator. If you would be so kind as to post it for testing I'd appreciate it!

Also COT, If you'd post your indicators as well this will be of great help. I like your RSI. It is more accurate an easy to read than the standard. Please explain how to use those other lines posted on your charts as well.

Again, thank you for your contributions as I look forward to improving this system even more with them!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #654 ---
for the indicators ... think they could be quite helpful as an indication ... before just taking the leap.  Ref. post# 651  chart.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
OK:

For the ones interested in the Russian indicator. Here is the story and what I have so far.

I searched for a day or two everything about LEADING indicators.

Then I found a thread on another forum (i have to search which one it was) where some traders where discussing this kind of problem.  One of the posts explained about this Russian indicator that works "wonders"  .  I've downloaded the indicator and have been playing around since then.

They have problems, like LAGGING indicators have theirs.  The main problem is that they sometimes MIS-LEAD you!  It is interesting to see that this indicator draws a blue line BEFOREHAND and I have seen the bars follow it pretty close ON SOME DAYS....on others (SPECIALLY NEWS!) this thing sucks.  But I guess every mathematical tool gets puzzled with NEWS.

I have attached this indicator into the following charts/currencies:

EUR/USD -- on the 30 MIN chart with Bagovino settings, on the 1H chart with SIDUS original settings and on a 4H chart with KNIFE settings (this is for users of the privat section of this Forum - James16Group)

It worked best, so far on the 30 Min chart with the following settings: 36 hours, 8 m and iO=5.  These aren't the original settings.  I have tested several combinations, all on the same chart and these where the best in combination with the 30 Min chart.

To see if the "predictions" work, I took screenshots with the projections on it and have taken screenshots all along the way of the projected line, to have a visual confirmation of the path of the bars.  I have not traded accordingly, but I could have made some extra pips - even trading COUNTERTREND (which is good for the TIGA ABDUL method that OrangeRoshan uses).

EUR/GBP -- only on 30 Min charts with Bagovino settings (after seeing that it works well on the EUR/USD counterpart i guessed it would sit well on this chart as well).  I haven't collected too much information here, as I have with EUR/USD.  So, still working.

USD/JPY -- same as EUR/USD - used it on 4H Knife, 1H SIDUS and 30M Bagovino - BUT results are somewhat prone to errors - I honestly don't know why.

HERE IT IS - READY FOR RELEASE.  Let me know what you think.  I hope it makes you money.  On your own risk.  I have not modified anything, just the settings once it is attached to the charts.

Maybe some Math wiz can figure out what it does exactly.

Wish you pips.

Peter.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Thanks Sidus,

I'm just starting out after making some beginner mistakes and reading the wrong books etc.  I've looked at the method you posted.  I will try it out and get back to you.  It looks simple and easy to follow.

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Hi Cot,

I noticed you have your RSI set to 21 periods and your RSI filter set to 14. Is there a reason for that? I would think they would both be set to the same number of periods.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Thanks for sharing the Russian indicator. I love all of you for what you are doing to help us all!

--- 帖子 #659 ---
PeterCross,

Can you please explain how to use your Russian indicator??

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #660 ---
I think we should focus on the 5/12 and rsi interplay or Sidus indicators interplay. Adding more indicators doesnt help much if you dont set yr heart to using it faithfully.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Amen to that! There are so many indicators, MA, etc... that I can't figure out which one to follow. So I'm going back to the "original" Sidus formula for now.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Thats fine, but the original Sidus is not even close to as profitable as my 5/12 cross... If it was, I would trade Sidus... I actually realized that I dont trade Sidus at all and only the Bagovino 5/12 cross as does everyone else here on the thread...

We should be open minded to all contributions from everyone. We can weed out the bad ones, but being close minded can miss some good ones!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Bago,

Your contributions to this thread have been great, thank you. This thread has inspired me to finally start trading live after 2 and a half years of demos.

One indicator that I have come across that I have been trying to implement is the Adaptive Moving Average (AMA). I found this .pdf in a previous post somewhere (http://www.currencytradermag.com/ges...Trader0806.pdf), it goes into great detail about the AMA. I think this might have a place in this system.

Take a look and let me know what you think.

[EDIT] I hope being post 666 isn't a bad sign [/EDIT]

--- 帖子 #664 ---
No offence intended, but it's getting really hard to keep up with which settings to keep/use. That's why I asked in a previous post if someone who has tested the system could give a refresh on which pairs to trade with what settings (MA, RSI, etc...) and on what time chart so we can keep up with the most advanced guys trading the system.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
I give it some free "air" before entering. I am not so often babysitting the graph so I may be even late for the trade. Bar has usually closed.

I just added "wait for bar close" rule to my cardboard diagram of trading rules. Thanks.

nchosen

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Thanks renasdad,

I admit I was a little puzzled when I took a closer look at charts some people had posted here. Others were linked to an external share pages and some of them were attachments. I did try to look help to attach files, but did not find any. Thanks for guidance.

nchosen

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Is this a possible short?  USDCAD

--- 帖子 #668 ---
No problemo

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Hi rhmyee,

Sorry for the late reply, been buzy back testing Tiga Abdul all week.
Jual manusia lebih untong daripada jual unta!

--- 帖子 #670 ---
thk...sahabat..

--- 帖子 #671 ---
LOok like it was. Good for about 50 pips.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Hi all you,

I have just changed to use Metatrader platform, I am finding 18EMA & 28EMA, 5WMA & 8WMA indicator for MT4 . May you share with me? Thanks!

I have something I do not understand, Why there are so many kinds of EMA indicator, ex: EMA_Angle; EMA_Cross, Pivot EMA, . . ? Are they difference?

<!-- / message -->

--- 帖子 #673 ---
I tried the russian indicator too and it got me in bad trades ... so it hasn't seemed to work yet for me. I appreciate all those that have posted indicators, even if they don't seem to work for me. They might for others.

Love the indicator EMACrosswithAlerts that was posted here, seems to be quite accurate.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Can you give us your updated system? We look forward to looking at it. If you already have it posted and it is updated, can you send the thread link?

Also, which currencies do you watch?

Thanks and keep up the great work!
CT

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Could you maybe add a 9 SMA as explained in the TIGA ABDUL by Orange Rosen , to you're system? I think it might be helpful to indicate early entry/exits. Like TIGA ABDUL ...post #389 .. Think that would be a very helpful addition. What a you think?

Also, If anyone could explain to me how to make a seperate 9 SMA for MT4 ... Indicator from scractch (or has one they can share) I would appreciate it. Would like to add it to Sidus/Bagavino moving averages.

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Ma in other window.

Coyan

--- 帖子 #677 ---
thanks ... but yes I wanted it for the same window. 9SMA anyone for same window as chart? Thanks all!!!

--- 帖子 #678 ---
You just need to add an SMA to your chart?

If I'm not mistaken, that's easy (at least with my platform).

Go to Insert/Indicators/Trend/Moving Average and open the Parameter tab.

Set Period to 9, MA method to Simple and click OK. That's all it takes...

--- 帖子 #679 ---
CTForex,

I'm still fine tuning somethings... It's not ready to release yet...

As far as that Russian indicator, I dont like it either. It changes direction like the wind...

I had another indicator that was a leading indicator... It worked pretty well. I'll see if I can dig it up.

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Sorry but it is something I had not done before with MT4 ....under indicators I had noticed one and the MA parameters could not be changed. Anyway I made one now following you're instructions! And I thank you for helping a Newbie! Thanks all!!!

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Hi there helpful folk,I am alittle confused with the SMA-- is it simple or sine weighted?

Thanks aard

--- 帖子 #682 ---
SMA = Simple Moving Average

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Thanks for that,I had added the sine to the Sidus Method it was very shape and gave my demo a hiding,from what I have read here, my success rate should now improve,once again Thanks

--- 帖子 #684 ---
PETERDBX,

Thanks for your work on the cross indicator..... It looks like it only signals when there is a cross on the 5/12, but not the 21 RSI.... You need to show a signal when the 5/12 cross with the 21 RSI in agreement.

Can you try that one?

thanks!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Bogovino,

Do you want me to put a check in the indicator like, if there is 5/12 crossup it should check if RSI is >50  ? if thats the case then what happens in case like there is cross up and RSI goes above 50 after a few bars ?

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Here is a short signal on usdjpy.  Lets see where it goes.

--- 帖子 #687 ---
The USDCAD short from yesterday went 70 pips before it was done.  25 pips SL would have been ok for that trade.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Here is another example of range bound.

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Peter,

I realize that the RSI may cross later, but that is the confirmation of the 5/12 cross.

I think it would be good to just test this indicator with a check of the 21 RSI < or > the 50 like you stated. We can compare it to the 5/12 cross only signal and see which gives more accurate calls.

Thanks so much for your help!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Peter and Everyone else on the thread....

I lost focus a bit by morphing my original system to the 30 min charts. I just wanted to state and maybe try my original trading formula which is the same as the 5/12 EMA cross with the 21 RSI / 50 line cross combonation but on the 1hr chart.

If you look at past signals with Peters cross indicator especially on the USD/JPY, you can see how well it works... If Peter can add the signal to only paint a line when the 5/12 cross is in agreement with the 21 RSI it will filter out many whipshaws and will make it very tradable on all major pairs.

I'd appreciate if Peter could make this adjustment to the indicator and we all monitor the system on all pairs and note it's performance. I think you will all be very pleased.

Thanks to everyone!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Could you please repost your new settings? Is that on the HR or 30 Min chart? Which pairs are traded with the system?

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Bogovino, here is the modified EMACross indicator, it now checks for RSI <>50. test it and let me know.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Thanks Peter!!!  I noticed that the indicator didnt show the last 2 or 3 signals on my chart... Check out the USD/JPY on the 1hr and see if you get the same thing.

Can you look into it please.

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Bago,

He's adjusting a couple things with it.  Once he gets it done, I think all will be pleased.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Anyone having a pipastic day today? Seems sorta a bad day for pairs to me with the moving averages. Gettin a lot of so so signals.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
FOMC today.  That is the reason.  This morning was a bit of movement and now it has died off.  I'd say not to trade with this method til around the London markets.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
thanks ... I was wondering why such a dull day ...

--- 帖子 #698 ---
I wouldnt say it was a dull day.... The U.S. FOMC was one of the craziest spikes I've ever scene!!! I hope most were not trading it!!!

I want to state that unless you are a news trader you should stay out of the market when there is big news such as today!!! It is just as risky as going to Vegas with your trading account!

ANYWAY.... I'm looking forward to the 1 hr indicator because I know that system works! Is it possible to have this indicator monitor higher time frames such as the weekly and 4hr... Then take trades only in the direction as the major trend from the 1 hr chart?

Thanks.

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Good idea an this Bago!!!!   Do you mean put an indication on the 1 hr chart of certain things from the 4 hr and daily?

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Nice to see. I'm up to page 12 so far. I've set aside tomorrow to catch up. Good luck all. I have a few questions which I'll save for later as they might be answered as I read. Good luck all.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
I went long GBPUSD, the only one that looks safe to me, of course these are just paper trades. I like using the 9SMA with the Sidus Moving Averages; seems to give an early indication for the big moves. Still deceiding how much it might help.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
I traded it: got ready in advance and then when the data came in I followed up the whole 1 min bar. That was easy beautiful and simple! But that's not what I want to talk about.

Regarding RSI. It is not enough to know that RSI is above 50. And this is a real problem. We want to credit the MAs cross only when RSI of the bar before the previous bar was less than 50, then when the previous bar was closed, we want to know that is above 50, and only then we want to trade the cross. In other words, we wanna have a numeric RSI value from the previous bar and the current bar and compare them. I am not a MQL4 programmer, (programmer, though), this is a new language to me, but trying to make EA for Sidus method, I bumped into this problem and while not having enough experience with MQL4 (and having a full time job), until now I didn't solve the problem. But at least, I know where the problem is! Otherwise you don't want to jump into a trade when the price has exhausted itself and RSI is above 70 or somewhere in the middle between 50 and 80.

If that could be done, all of us will be just fine.

Regards,

lietuve

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Hello everyone!

I follow this thread from the very begining ang love the system. Thanks a lot to all of you.

There is something I want to point out regarding two posts of Renasdad ( 630, 631) with the files attached. No offence

I think there is no false signals on the charts. What we see with red arrows is not a signals at all because (remember Sidus main document?) the tunnel has to be narrow and look like one line or cross.

I think it's important detail to pay attention to.

Good trades to everyone.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
JBB,

That is a very good point with the 18/28 tunnel becoming narrow.  I guess, that is something I don't even pay attention to.  I have dropped those 2 EMAs off the charts.   And the reason is because I have been trading off the 30 minute charts.  I am switching to 1 hr charts as well as a few others here.  Those two EMAs should be something to bring back now.  Thank you for bringing that up.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
I have been following the Sidus post and many thanks to all the contributors.

I  downloaded the Metatrader and opened a demo account. Can some instruct me on what I need to do, to upload and run the many EA's of the Sidus forum on Metatrader. So far I downloaded all of the EA's from the forum unto my desk top. I tried opening Metatrader and tried to upload without any success. I will deeply appreciate any help.

Thank You.

M. Hafiz

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Hi Hafiz,

Copy the EA into the expert folder of your MT4. When done, exit the MT4 program, then restart. Click navigator in the top right of your platform. Look for expert, then click the EA. Activate it by clicking the Expert advisor's button mid top of your platform.

Happy Trading!!

--- 帖子 #707 ---
The more I look at post 630,  the more I think about it,  this is a false signal.  I thought when the 2 EMAs cross, that was a new trend.  Once the 2 fast EMAs crosses the slower ones, it confirmed the trend.  That was followed by the 2 slow EMAs crossing.    Am I remembering this right?  Cause it I am not remembering right, then when the slower EMAs are on a down trend like they are on post 630, then we wouldn't even consider taking long trades until the slower EMAs cross and start to go up.  If we wait for the slower EMAs to cross before taking any long trades, then no this isn't a false signal.  It wouldn't even be considered at all.

I hope this can be discussed further.  As you notice, on that last few charts I have posted, the 18 and 28 EMAs are off my charts.  It would be nice to discuss this with everyone and see what they think about it.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
I have eight currencies that I watch while playing this market. It appears that at the exact same time last night all of these markets moved in perfect unison.

1.) EUR/USD 80 Pips

2.) USD/CAD 59 Pips

3.) USD/CHF 70 PIPS

4.) EUR/JPY 25 Pips

5.) GBP/USD 62 Pips

6.) USD/JPY 58 Pips

7.) AUD/USD 71 Pips

8.) EUR/GBP 23 Pips

__________________

448 Pips so far (at 0700 est)

I got out of 4 currencies and still trading the remaining 4. With a very active Friday, slow Sunday and a somewhat dull Monday, I had a feeling that corrections were about to be made.

All of the above markets started to show signs of reversals and I jumped out at 0700 EST. I am watching out for the US Oil Report News that will make a difference in movement one way or another.

I usually play 3-4 currencies at the same time but when all of the above currencies moved to the 50 line of the 21 RSI, I knew it was worthwhile watching at 0100 EST. I am around 750 Pips since Sunday's opening of the market.

CT

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Damn. Can you buy lunch? jeje.

Question: have you been trading all of those currency pairs with this system for a long time? i usually just trade the euro swissy and cable. Let me know.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Hi JAW

To answer your question, I started off a few years ago with one currency pair, the EUR/USD uding a demo account. I concentrated on this pair and made myself understand what makes it tick, the time frames it moved, played with technicals and fundamentals, best days to trade, and other mind boggling pieces of the overall forex puzzle. Thanks to Peter Bain and ForexInterBank's outstanding courses, I felt like taking the plunge and started trading.

I did very well with trading the EUR/USD pair in live account. I then watched how the EUR/USD moved with other currency pairs. When I found similar moving patterns, I then traded it at the same time with other currencies. After I felt comfortable with trading two currencies, I moved onto three, then to four pairs. I was then averaging about 150-200 pips a day.

After watching this thread and noticed how successful this method was, I then charted the most popular currency pairs and noticed how they reacted to this method using historical research. The listed currencies on my previous post reacted nicely to the sidus system.

I usually trade three to four currencies but last night was an exception. When all eight reacted at the same time, I had to jump in all of them. It took a lot of concentration...but paid off nicely. At 0700 EST, I jumped out of all with exception to the EUR/JPY, GBP/USD, AUD/USD and the EUR/USD which are still moving in the same direction. I added about 55 more pips since my last entry log 2 hours ago.

I only trade the currencies and have no other employment. I know this is an unfair advantage since most traders have another job they rely on for income. If I can offer a suggestion, please take the sidus system seriously, it is the best I have ever come across. When I trade, I feel like I won the lottery every single day.

I knew that with today's technology capabilities, someone would come up with a system that would make our trading a lot easier, and in my opinion, this is it. Of course, it will be tweaked by the outstanding members of this thread and it will be even better.

Below are the currencies I scan for trading potential.

1.) EUR/USD

2.) USD/CAD

3.) USD/CHF

4.) EUR/JPY

5.) GBP/USD

6.) USD/JPY

7.) AUD/USD

8.) EUR/GBP

I hope that I have answered your questions JAW and consider adding these currency pairs to your scans for trading potential. If anyone can suggest other pairs for me to check out, please send them to me and I will test them and reply back with my opinion.

CT

--- 帖子 #711 ---
CTForex,

Do u use the original Sidus method or the 5/12 + RSI method ?

--- 帖子 #712 ---
I have been tryin to keep up with this thread as best as i can. anyways here is my question.

I am curious to know how many trades per day with one currency pair does one using the sidus method participate in?

and also

How many hours does one log in one day trading?

I know that some people watch the market 24/5, but im trying to diagnose my problem with the sidus method.

I am very new BTW. Coming up will be my 2 month anniversaire.

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Hi

Would you be willing to explain your money management on multiple positions such as this? Are you "all in" or do you scale in? I've worked with MA systems for about a year - a derivation of the Sidus method and had way too much difficulty with the whipsaw. After reading this thread I almost felt born again.... but not quite. Anything further you can share on your method of determining a highly probable entry would be appreciated.

Joe

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Hi... I am using the 5/12 EMA's method with 144/169 EMA's. On my lower section, I so something different, along with RSI 21, I have 5/12 EMA's on top of my RSI 21. Anotherwords, I have 5/12 EMA's on my upper and lower sections of my charts.

I attempted to attach my chart and got an upload message that my file it too large. I use pink and green for my 5/12 since I use black background and it is easier to see. If you PM me, and give me your email address, I will email you my chart to view. This is the AUD/USD chart which goes back 9 days and it is marked with the movements attributed to the 5/12 system.

One thing I also do is to know the daily average range of each currency pair from high to low and gauge the movement potential for that 24 hour period. This is one important factor that should be considered when trading. For example, the daily average range for the EUR/USD is 120 pips... and within the last 24 hours, it has moved 110 pips, so I expect it to slow down at this point. I captured 108 and jumped out since last post an hour ago.

I hope that this helps and maybe a little more. Get familiar with each currency daily average range potential and look at other charts to see if you understand what I mean.

CT

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Within the past 7 days, the following currency pairs had the listed opportunites to trade.....

EUR/GBP       1 Opportunity

EUR/USD      4 Opportunities

USD/CAD      4 Opportunities

EUR/CHF      3 Opportunities

EUR/JPY       4 Opportunities

GBP/USD      3 Opportunities

USD/JPY      4 Opportunities

AUD/USD     4 Opportunities

As far as how many hours does one trade, that depends on the trader. Personally, I am always near my system and I use trailing stops in case I am away from the computer. The best times to trade are usually at the London Market opening and the US Market openings.

On average, each currency has an opportunity to move every 1.5 days using the sidus method, old and new. If you PM me and send me your email address, I will send you my charts to look at.

Hope that this helps.

CT

--- 帖子 #716 ---
CT, do you use 30min chart or 1hour chart ?

--- 帖子 #717 ---
I use both 30 minute and hourly charts. Unfortunately, I use FXSOL for my brokerage and they said that they plan to implement a 4 hour chart which is popular with some traders. Personally, the 30 minute and hourly charts work fine with me.

I sent you my charts and hopefully you will like them. they are the simeple 5/12 charts with 144/169 EMA's on the upper charts and 5/12 EMA's on the upper chart and also on the lower chart covering my RSI 21. It is that simple.

No fibs and no pivot points. As simple as can be for me. I just keep in mind the average daily ranges for each currency pairs which show me the potential high and lows within each 24 hour period.

CT

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Thanks for sharing CT. May I ask, what is the function and usage of 144/169 EMA's? How to use them

cheers.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
It's all about momentum over the short to medium term. Lower ema's produce momentum signals that give trading signals that are to short-term to trade profitably. In other words, the dreaded whip-saw. It may go in your direction for 3 minutes and 6 pips, then it rolls over and crushes you. Higher ema's produce momentum signals that are to long-term. In a trending currency market retracements are where you can re-establish profitable positions. They stop very close, if not exactly on the 144 and 169 1 hour ema; the tunnel.

CT

--- 帖子 #720 ---
I see. So you have incorporated the vegas 1 hr tunnel method into yr system. I thought you might use it in some different way which can be very interesting....

thanks for yr reply.

P.s. - instead of using 12 ema, try 12 lwma, it gives signals slightly earlier...

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Hey there...

I have about 25 different moving averages in my possession. What is a LWMA?

Thanks a bunch!

CT

--- 帖子 #722 ---
LWMA = Linear Weighted MA.

If not, try WMA = Weighted MA

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Hi,

I, also use FXSOL.  Are you using AccuCharts for charting?

If so, how do I implement the Sidus Method?

Thanks..

--- 帖子 #724 ---
early entry with LWMA would also mean more whipsaws ??

--- 帖子 #725 ---
I use the new AccuCharts for my trading. When they first cam out last month, we had problems accessing the charts and it took FXSOL a whole week to determine what the problem was. They programmed their security system whereas if you used caps in your sign in, you could not use them for the charts and they locked up many accounts while overlooking this problem. People that downloaded the new charting programs had to uninstall to reinstall the old system. Once the problem was figured out, people had to use new access information for their accounts and charting packages.

I like their charts but wished they had more precise instructions for alert setups. Another positive I like about their charts is that I can open up 26 different currencies and each one can have up to 10 different system styles programmed it. I use 8 currencies that I trade which means I have 80 charting screens available to view. Although I have many systems that I play with, the 5/12 Sidus is my absolute favorite and give me the best charts to jump in and out of trades with.

Unfortunately, only live traders have access to these charts. Training with demos on FXSOL does not afford traders to use the AccuCharts. I personally feel that if you want to entice traders to learn on demos, they should have access to the AccuCharts which will win them over.

I have 11 trading screens... 8 different currencies, forex news, dealing window and internet screen in my office. When I am in the great room, I have a plasma screen that pops up from behind my cable plasma screen (when I am viewing television) and I can go through all of my charts while watching television in the great room. I call it the ultimate set up.

I also have an external hard drive with all of my AccuCharts that I can add to my laptop when I travel. I thank the man above for wireless internet access.

CT

--- 帖子 #726 ---
I am now playing with the 12 WMA's as requested to see if there is a difference. I tested it on the EUR/USD and see little change. I am going to test it on my other 7 currency pairs.

I hope that my charts I sent to you looked interesting.

CT

--- 帖子 #727 ---
They look great. Thanks!

Do you use the 5/12 in RSI just for confirmation?

Thanks again,

Jim

You are my new Hero. LOL

Jim

--- 帖子 #728 ---
I started the EA on Sunday evening on EURUSD  and GBPUSD pairs but there is absolutely no trade triggered since then. Does anybody else have any experience with this EA?

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Hi CTForex, can I get the pic of your chart as well to look at? I tried to PM you, but it wouldn't allow it.

Thanks,

Kevin

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Maybe you must add StepRsi in the chart.

I have a signal now.

C.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Coyan,

Thank you for your reply. You might be right, I have not attached the StepRSI to that setup with the EA. I try it and refer back to you. Thanks again,

Best of Pips,

A1

--- 帖子 #732 ---
This is quite a difference from the original system. Do you really mean 144 and 169? There is almost no crossing?

--- 帖子 #733 ---
CTForex,

I could not email you. You may email me at cspoh@rocketmail.com

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Hi CTForex:

Obviously you brought "fresh air" into the SIDUS thread.  I'm thankfull for that because I've had that sense of frustration lately with the system.  I first jumped into the system because of its SIMPLICITY.  I loved it.  Then some of us got the dreaded whipsaws=losses and started complicating the system.  Now, I have lost the direction I had at the beginning (way to many Indicators, timeframes, at times they contradict themselves...)

I'm sorry for contributing to the confusion - the Russian Indicator is OFF my charts....It is like Bagovino said earlier: moves like the wind=many bad trades.  I don't know why it worked for a couple of days.  Anyway, sorry guys/gals for that one.

Anyway, I wanted to thank you for bringing back: 1. Simplicity 2. HOPE back to the system.

Could you send me your chart pictures/setups?

Or as a PM on this Forum (if attachments work for you).  Thanks again.  Appreciate your valuable time and don't take it for granted.  I hope I can be of some help in the future.

Peter.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Hi everyone. <?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o></o>

We already talked a lot about the entrance and 18/28 EMA. (By the way, Renasdad, if I get you right, you are saying that we don’t need them and they only confusing?)<o></o>

But what about exit?<o></o>

If you look at attached chart you will see thin yellow line – it’s 9SMA. (Yes, that magic one! ) <o></o>

It looks like it helps to see early exits and normally shows it twice (dark blue circles on the chart). I still can’t figure out which one to trust more. May be someone could suggest a trick to confirm line 9. <o></o>

<o></o>

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Hi CT

Would you mind to post your version of sidus system? You must have some good filters to get rid of all those false signals and only take these real opportunities.

aha

--- 帖子 #737 ---
CTForex,

Thank you so much for your input! You sound like you are trading this system very successfully.

Can you please confirm just what timeframe you are trading. I dont believe you mentioned it.

Also, please post any modifications you may have made.

Thanks so much!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Since, the ACCUChart tutorials are useless, what steps did you do to implimate the Sidus method?

Wow, maybe one day, I too will have half dozen trading screens as well.

Thanks...

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Hi Bag,

I think he mentioned in a previous post that he uses 30min and 1hr TF's and finds those suitable.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Hi all!

This thread is wonderful.  I finally got finished w/ it JUST NOW!   I love the community effort that's going on here and I believe that effort should remain on this board.

HOWEVER...

I have a blog that I set up a while back that's really doing nothing but sitting there.  I have a chatroom on it.  That chatroom "could" potentially be a good spot for all of us to meet during trading sessions to confirm entries/exits.  All concept discussions should remain on this board though.  You can also get sound on the chat.  This will be great for people who need "some" amount of sleep at night.  When folks in the chatroom see a signal they can alert the sleepyheads w/ a nice ambulance sound and wake them up!

If you use the chatroom just ignore the posts.  They are old and outdated!  We could possibly use the BLOG in the future to host files and/or "versions" of the system by giving the main contributors to the system admin rights.  Just a thought!

The web site is www.tradingbenjamins.com

Again, the site is outdated so please don't get the wrong idea that I'm trying to promote myself somehow.  That is not my intention at all!

Happy trading!  This system looks VERY nice!  Thanks all!

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Hey 8,

I just checked out your chat room... what a great idea.  Thank you much for your contribution.  I think if we can get some traffic to the room during trading times that would be a fantastic way of multitasking.  We could share the responsibilities of monitoring different currency pairs, and watching each others backs.

Synergy at its best.

BTW... I am fairly new to this game, and I'm not quite sure what the "best" trading times are.  Would you say US Market open and EUR Opens?

Thanks again,

GrnEydGuy

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Best time to trade is when I sleep. Meaning EUR market.

Chat is great idea. There is also Skype, is anyone use it?

--- 帖子 #743 ---
CT,

I'm curious,  how do you put a moving average on the RSI?  Also,  could you go more into depth on how you use the 144/169 EMA?   Also, what do you use to show the daily range?   Thank you for your contributions to this thread.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
CT,  I sent you an email for that chart.  I am not sure if you got it or not.  It seems like PM doesnt work right now.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
144/169 is a tunnel method , you can find a thread in strategy builder forum start by by strato....do a search, you will find it.

you can drag the Moving average to Rsi window. choose method SMA and choose apply to Previous Indicator's Data....

--- 帖子 #746 ---
SKYPE is the best

Its so cool, and also have web-cam, free calls, conference calls e.t.c.

Highly recommendable!!!

FT

--- 帖子 #747 ---
ok, let set up a skype chat room then......anyone

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Peter's EMA cross with RSI indicator, modified a little. Sharing it here with his permission.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Sovo, I will give that a shot when I get home.  I put the RSI on the chart and then the 5/12 EMAs on last indicators data and the EMA will be placed on the RSI?  Huh.  I will give it a try.  For the 144/169, it is the EMAs Vegas uses for the tunnel method.  I know how it works I was just curious as to how CTForex uses them.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
<o> </o>Dear CTForex,<o></o>

<o> </o>I red your post on the Sidus Forum and was impressed with your results. I am studying Peter Bains course currently but it is alot to focus on and I am frustrated with information overload. I am hoping you can help me with the modified Sidus system you are currently using. I went back to all your post and extraced your relevant points of your system (please see below). I will like to compile the entire document and post on the Sidus forum once you review it and change it as you see fit incase I left out anything since I am sure I did. Thank you for your help in completing this documents. Please answer the questions in bold listed below in the documents. I can be contacted at email: mhafiz11@yahoo.com<o></o>

<o> </o>

Once again thank you for all your help in completing this document.<o></o>

<o> </o>Regards<o></o>

<o> </o>M. Hafiz<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>

CTForex refocusing the Modified Sidus System<o></o>

<o> </o>“If I can offer a suggestion, please take the sidus system seriously, it is the best I have ever come across….”. (CT)<o></o>

<o> </o>
Below are the currencies I scan for trading potential:<o></o>

<o> </o>1.) EUR/USD<o></o>

<o> </o>2.) USD/CAD<o></o>

<o> </o>3.) USD/CHF<o></o>

<o> </o>4.) EUR/JPY<o></o>

<o> </o>5.) GBP/USD<o></o>

<o> </o>6.) USD/JPY<o></o>

<o> </o>7.) AUD/USD<o></o>

<o> </o>8.) EUR/GBP<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>1. Please list the top 3 currencies in order of importance a beginner should concentrate on before he/she approach other currencies?<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>Method:<o></o>

<o> </o>
30 Minutes Chart<o></o>

<o> </o><o></o>5/12 EMA's method<o></o>

<o> </o>144/169 EMA's<o></o>

<o> </o>5/12 EMA's on top of my RSI 21 (I have 5/12 EMA's on my upper and lower sections of my charts).<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>60 Minutes Chart

<o> </o>5/12 EMA's method<o></o>

<o> </o>144/169 EMA's<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>Buy Signal:<o></o>

<o> </o>2. Please say how the indicators above must present for you to take a long trade and at what point you take profit, and how you set your stop loss?<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>Sell Signal:<o></o>

<o> </o>3. Please say how the indicators above must present for you to take a short trade and at what point you take profit, and how you set your stop loss?<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>4. Please attach some chart of your previous trades of the system or email them to me at (mhafiz11@yahoo.com) so I can compile the entire document so it can be posted on the Sidus forum?<o></o>

<o> </o>
5. Please fell free to add any other explination to the system you use to make the final document more simple and complete for beginners.<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>Time to trade, daily average ranges, other:

<o></o><o></o><o> </o>  - One thing I also do is to know the daily average range of each currency pair from high to low and gauge the movement potential for that 24 hour period. This is one important factor that should be considered when trading. For example, the daily average range for the EUR/USD is 120 pips... and within the last 24 hours, it has moved 110 pips, so I expect it to slow down at this point. I captured 108 and jumped out since last post an hour ago.<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>- The best times to trade are usually at the London Market opening and the US Market openings.<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>- On average, each currency has an opportunity to move every 1.5 days using the sidus method, old and new.<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>- I just keep in mind the average daily ranges for each currency pairs which show me the potential high and lows within each 24 hour period.<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>- In a trending currency market retracements are where you can re-establish profitable positions. They stop very close, if not exactly on the 144 and 169 1 hour ema; the tunnel.<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>- No fibs and no pivot points (needed).<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>Once again thank you for all your help.<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>M. Hafiz

<o> </o>

<o> </o>

--- 帖子 #751 ---
YESS!!! I've used Skype when I was traveling in Centralamerica/USA (im in Europe) and it ROCKS!  Smooth, fast and reliable.

BUT!  We have to check how many people can be on one single conference call without affecting quality.  I have had 4 friends hooked up at the same time (one sitting in Nicaragua, one in USA, one in Germany and another in Portugal) and sometimes it got sluggish....

.....Tonight (Europe time GMT+2) I will check into that one.  If some of the MASTERS OF THE SIDUS UNIVERSE could open it (Bagovino? OrangeRoshan? Or....the Master himself SIDUS???) Maybe they are too occupied making millions....

Anyway: Does anybody know about SIDUS? He hasn't posted for a long time I believe....and he started to roll the ball....

Peter.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Regarding chats, i would suggest using Paltalk, its free and most of the trading chatrooms are on paltalk. We can create a new room there for "Sidus/bogo system"

--- 帖子 #753 ---
I agree with Peter... Paltalk is the best for what we want to do. You can name your room... get  a password so only invited members can come etc..

I dont know how to set it up, but if someone would take the liberty to that would be great.

Thanks...

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Great System.

Add the indicator below in a daily chart.

Coyan

--- 帖子 #755 ---
I am in another club using PalTalk and would be the ideal way to go.

You can post charts as well.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
I kinda wish we could keep good discussion here.

To me, Paltalk and other chat has always been the death of reasonable discussion and the beginning of fingerpointing, arguing, name calling and general confusion.  Plus Paltalk looses your connection a lot.  You spend most of your time trying to get back into the room.  Let's keep the bulk of this great method and discussion right here on the beautiful Forex Factory. Just my thoughts on past observations.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
This system has certainly got a lot of potential. I've read this entire thread and all of you have contributed so much and very generously I might add. After reviewing so many posts it's not clear to me what the consensus is regarding entry and stop - or is there no consensus on the specifics of entry? Thus far, there is an RSI above/below 50 coupled with a 5/12 cross. It's not clear to me if you all are still using the 18/28 or not.

Also, does anyone have an effective money management plan they employ with this system? How do you take your profits?

Thanks for you help! Joe

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Hi CT,

I tried to change the EMA and WMA's number values in the Tools editor but it did not work.

Did you have to write your own indicators from the Sidus Method?

Thanks..

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Hi Coyan,

I attached the StepRSI but it caused not any change that is, there has not been any trade opened. I attach my presets and a screenshot (the screen looks better than a Christmas tree - lol ). Hope you can help me in finding the problem.

http://img147.imageshack.us/img147/2...ses1tq8.th.png

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Does anyone have an indicator showing the previous day's high / low? I think that would be an immense help to this system simply because when price hits either it will be a major breakout or reversal.

Also if price opens higher you are looking at an uptrend and opposite for opening lower.

Thanks,

bago

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Bagovino:

Here is the indicator (change shift time to 0).

The second shows in the left top of the chart current days range and

previous days range. If you don't want pivot or camarilla change to false.

Coyan

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Well chaps & chapeses this certainly looks like a lively thread. I'm not too sure I have much to add to help improve this method, but I will certainly try.

BabeFX.

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Change time frame to 30 m (not 1h) and tell me what happen.

Coyan

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Thanks Whylose... We got it!

--- 帖子 #765 ---
I am curious with that daily high and low indicator.  What is the dotted line in the middle for?  I also have another daily H/L indicator I will post here.  It doesnt have the line in the middle like the first one posted.  Anyone that knows what it is for, would be greatly appreciated if they explained.  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Hello Renasdad

Is'nt that the daily open

Senbanda

--- 帖子 #767 ---
I dont know for sure.  I just know the outter lines are for the highs and lows.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Is there anyone here that could make an indicator that signals when the 9 SMA crosses the 5  EMA?  Or could someone add to the

EMAcrosswithalerts(1) ?

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Is this what you want ?

i upload the two versions - one without and one with a sound alert

H.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Hi judex,

Will this MA work with the 18 and 28 EMA and the 5 and 8 LWMA from the original Sidus setting?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Yes, just modify the properties of the indicator.

for 18 and 28 EMA :

FasterMode : 1

FasterMa : 18

SlowerMode : 1

SlowerMa : 28

for 5 and 8 LWMA

FasterMode : 3

FasterMa : 5

SlowerMode : 3

SlowerMa : 28

The parameters for the mode are 0=sma, 1=ema, 2=smma, 3=lwma

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Thanks judex,

I've never done this before, but I will try to figure it out.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Do you have an indicator what tomarrow's High and Low should be, like V.P. SOFTWARE , but for less? Thanks!!!

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Judex,

I am not at home anymore so, I will have to wait til I am done with work to try it.  What is want is an indicator that signals a 5/12 cross and a 9sma/5ema cross.  Is that what I can do with this indicator?  I have never messed with the numbers either so I have no idea what can be done with it.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
renasdad,

If you click on the MA after you have saved it, select the pair you want to attach the EA to and click on the MA_Crossover_Signal (under navigation on the MT4 platform) and select Inputs and just change the numbers. Click OK and you are done. You will have to change the numbers every time you add it to a new pair.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Save the whole thing as a template and it should keep your settings from memory.

--- 帖子 #777 ---
What system in Sidus do you like best??

ema 18,28 with 5,8 wma or with the 5/12 ema????

Whats the different???

Any backtest???

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Thanks Coyan for your help. Finally I identified the problem: it was caused by the broker. I moved the setup to SBFX4 and the EA started to work immediately.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
The dotted line is the day open.

Coyan

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Thanks for the system, it seems to work really well. I have one question though do you stay in a trade even when economic reports are about to come out.  Because that can cause a awful bad wipsaw in a matter of minutes.  Thank you for the help.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
I would stay away when there are news releases unless the particular news that's coming out is insignificant in terms of spiking prices.

The Red news in Forex Calender at Forex Factory are definitely the ones most of us would stop trading (other than news trading), and the Orange ones are the ones that may or may not move the price depending on the economic figures that's being released. I would say yellow ones are 99% safe, meaning they would not have immediate and significant effect on the price. (Correct me if I'm wrong on this one)

Spa

--- 帖子 #782 ---
One should not stay in the trade during news.......unless, you know the news release will be in your favor....

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Did anyone follow the Bago'pip 30 min 5/12 cross for the +120 pip short and still going on the Euro?

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Yes, entered yesterday & bagged a few pips, entered again this morning & bagged a few more pips.    30% of position still earning.

BabeFX.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
That would have been nice a lot a nice short pippin.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
So did I read this correctly? There is an EA available for the 5/12 21RSI 30 min system?

If so where can I get it to try out? Has anyone else tried it? Let me know how its doing.

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Just wonderin, I posted a design for a sidus site i was makin. It got removed. Im guessing its against the rules to post anything other than charts as images?

Edit: i guess that would be self promoting? against rule 3?

--- 帖子 #788 ---
I was just chatting with peterdxb.  I realised he gave me an indicator that I didn't post and he told me to go ahead and share.  It will indicate when the 5 crosses the 12 and when the rsi crosses the 50.

--- 帖子 #789 ---
This is great. Have we worked out definitive exit points as yet? What about the EA how is that going?

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Wow, this is a great sevice that you and peter are doing.....thankyou...and pips ahoy to all....

--- 帖子 #791 ---
I am working on something that will be a good way to indicate an exit.  I need to look into it some more yet.  It has something to do with the 9 SMA.  Not sure the best way to use it though.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Hey everyone,

I finally finished going over the whole thread from the start.

Quick question. What are the best times to trade this system? Do most signals happen during the London & US sessions?

For someone who lives in the US EST time zone, and works from about 9-5 and sleeps during the London session, is it even possible to trade this system or would 99% of the signals be missed?

Thanks.

Great job by the way to everyone contributing.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
[you can drag the Moving average to Rsi window. choose method SMA and choose apply to Previous Indicator's Data....[/quote]

Cannot find a way to drag MA into RSI window on MT4 platform, or  am I missing something?  The only way I can apply MA on MT4 is to Open, Close, MedPrice and so on.... and by default it goes into a chart window.

Let me know, how you are doing it in more detail,

thanks,

lietuve

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Open indicator's window (now it's on the left side of your screen), click on indicator's name and drag to the RSI window. In "apply to" choose "first indicator's data" option.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Could someone explain me, adding multiframe indicator to the chart,

1. Do I have to change inputs other than timeframe (60 for 1H; 240 for 4 H)?

2. Do I need to observe 1H tunnel on 4H chart? Does it make sense?

3. Do I need 1D tunnel on 4H chart?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
JBB, which multi-timeframe indicator are you talking about ?   its only 5ema & 12ema with RSI 21 on 30min . The 18ema and 28ema is sidus tunnel on 1hour chart.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Kenari, EA for sidus/bogovino system has already been created by someone generous on this forum and has been freely shared for the benifit of all traders following the sidus system.Ea is posted somewhere in the forum and is being tested by some, take it for FREE.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
sorry to interupt this discussion, i'm a newbee here...just want to ask for members help to compile all the update about sidus method in one post..since i miss so much on the discussion and the update is everywhere on the post...

best regard,

abid

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Post # 582.

That one will give you the good posts in this thread up to that point.  Another thing you can do is go to  freewebs.com/sidusmethod.

I suggest reading the posts after post 582 though.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
I am sorry, but you need to put in the time to read and reread the thread since you stated that you are a newbie........If you donot put in the time to read through the thread, and learn from every modification of the system, then how can you understand the sytem it self.....just my 2 cents.....goood luck

--- 帖子 #801 ---
This is true.  It would be smart to read through the whole thread.  There is alot of things here that a newbie would not benefit from though.   Like some of the indicators and things I have posted would just confuse a person that has just found this thread.

The reason that website was made, is so any newbie that does come here, we can refer them to that place.

I would suggest going to that website and reading through all the stuff there.  Once you have read through it and have read through it again,  then come back and read through this whole thread.  There is pbobaly 100 posts in this thread asking question from people that are looking for answers and a newbie doesn't need that distraction when they want to learn this.  It took me a while to figure it out too cause of the distractions I had.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
What ever happened to the post about the website someone did about Sidus (not the one on freewebs.com)?

--- 帖子 #803 ---
ok thanks...

--- 帖子 #804 ---
i am unable to down load the files because i have a problem with a graphics conversion filter!   any body got any ideas. tia.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
This is the website MenInBlack has volunteered to put together for all of us, if you didn't know already. You might still want to read thru the thread though.

I would suggest you to compile your own version of all the posts you think are important and save it for review later.  I have done that already and it has grown to 100 pages of Word document combined with posts from other threads.  This is a lot but better than searching thru more than 800 posts and it is a lot easier to FIND particular posts as well.

Spa

--- 帖子 #806 ---
oh...i dont mean compile the post, soory for not being specific...i mean compile the indicator and the manual of later and newer version...

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Ok. But I think a little too many indicators are posted in this thread already to do that.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Yes, the London and US session is the best to trade this. For a person that works 9-5, they could get up nice and early in the morning and do trading before going to work. Also, this is workable on daily charts and 4 hr charts as well. It is possible for a person to do this that works hours that you suggest.  It just depends on how badly and to what extent a person wants to go.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Hello guyz, here is a lilttle modification i made to the RSI indicator. It plots RSI as colored Histogram. And below are the conditions:

Long:

If RSI > 50   AND    5ema > 12ema    ==== Bright Green colored bars

if RSI > 50   AND    5ema < 12ema    ====  Light Green colored bars

Short:

if RSI < 50   AND    5ema < 12ema    ==== Bright Red colored bars

if RSI < 50   AND    5ema > 12ema    ==== Light Red colored bars

This is not signals for entry, but it will give you visual indications of rules being met for different condications.

If you feel its usefull then use it, if you feel like its confusing, then ignore it

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Here is a screenshot

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Pete, do the bars change color after the current bar is closed?  Or will it change colors as the bar is forming?

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Only when emas has crossed you will see bright colors, need to check it in the live market, i just worked on it few minutes back. Indicator uses values of 5ema, 12ema and RSI , so depending on these values it will check the various conditions. EMA cross is only confirmed after the bar close.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Well, I guess we find out later on today.  By the way,  good job Peter.  Hey, when I get home, I need to talk to you about something.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Here is a picture of the MAcrosswithRSI(2) indicator.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Here are a couple trades that could have been taken on eurusd this past week.  The second green arrow from the left would have resulted in a loss probably.  I guess it depends on how you trade though.  The other three would have been positive pippage.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Another chart with many trades.   Notice, there is one arrow that is red.  That would have resulted in a loss.  Notice when that trade was signaled, where was RSI most of the time?  It was above 50.   Either take those trades with a little less risk or dont take them at all.  The next arrow to the right pointing down would have been a good trade going against the RSI being above 50 most of the time but it would have been a good trade.  Notice also, there is a signal about ready to be made when things start to move again.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
renasdad, here is the fixed version.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
I was talking about this indicator. I know that it's not a part of Sidus System, but it helps for any system. Sorry if it looks like offtop.

So, if you don't mind I repeat my questions:

When adding multiframe indicator to the chart

1. Do I have to change inputs other than timeframe (60 for 1H; 240 for 4 H)?

2. Do I need to observe 1H tunnel on 4H chart? Does it make sense?

3. Do we really need to observe 1D tunnel or it's too far?

Thank you.

<!-- / message -->

--- 帖子 #819 ---
There are no links to the EAs on that Freewebs site. I think they are buried deep into the thread.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Good job (EmaCrossRSI3 and RSIFilter).

Coyan

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Yes, it's very usefull. I have in my 30m chart mtf channel 1H and 4H with differents colors. The channels SOMETIMES are strongs s/r.

Coyan

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Thank you peter for working on that indicator.  Also, that new indicator you have come up with also is very nice.  I will keep that on my charts more for a visual.  It is like a warning for a person.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Look at all these trades that could have been taken for USDCAD. Notice there were 5/12 crosses but no RSI/50 cross. That would have kept us out.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Yes, I like this one too. Originaly it set for 1H channel, so we have input 60.

But if we change it for 4H channel, we put 240 instead of 60, right? Do we have to change any other inputs beside this?

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Yes great work on the indicator Peter. I have a question:

1. What do the dots represent exactly? I am referring to the green and blue dots.

2. Are the arrows only paying attention to the EMA cross or EMA cross + RSI? I notice on the chart that there were times when the arrow was pointing ina  direction but the RSI still was above or below 50.

--- 帖子 #826 ---
The arrows are for the 5/12 cross.  The dots are for the RSI/50 cross.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Very cool. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Thanks, JBB!

--- 帖子 #829 ---
No, you only need to change timeframe.  Another thing you can do is, if you want it for daily, put ut at 1,440.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
JBB,

How do you use the 9 when it is riding the 12 EMA right up/down?  Also, how about when 9 hits the 12 and the move keeps going ?  I will post a chart.  I have the spots in question circled.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
I think in this case the daily chart should show the major trend. I also found the Donchian Channels quite useful for T/P or S/L - see how nicely they have enclosed the price movement.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
You are right there.  The daily is about the signal a short trade.  As for the DC's,  you are right again.  What settings do you use for the DC's?

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Only change 60 to 240. (mtf indicator)

Coyan

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Thanks to all for help with 1H&4H channels.

Renasdad, you right, there are so many questions regarding 9SMA. It doesn't always give a clear signal. I put white circles where I would exit (when 9 srosses or separates itself from 12). But your areas with yellow circles is a big questions. I think with help of S/R and Fibs and bla-bla would be easier.

Julia

--- 帖子 #835 ---
it took 2 roll over to read all this but its good for your forex health

keep reading n practising

--- 帖子 #836 ---
I agree, It took me long to read all, but it's priceless. No one can walk you through but yourself.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Hey, I have created a website devoted to the teaching and research of this method for people reading this thread. I actually started it on my day off when the markets were closed. I no longer have any webspace, therefore i was forced to use the FreeWebs! Give me some ideas, and maybe some things to put on there. I know nothing is functional yet, but within time it should be 100% and a real time saver for anyone reading this thread.

Send me some PM's for suggestions. Also i can be contacted Via AIM at WatPa1ders.

http://www.freewebs.com/liquid11/

<3

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Hello renasdad , im a newbie...i noticed that you have 2 different arrows the small and the BIG ones. What are the difference and did you share it? ( or have any intention of sharing it? )

--- 帖子 #839 ---
renasdad or anyone, has tested the rsifilter indicator i posted yesterday?

--- 帖子 #840 ---
I believe the big arrow is the MA cross and the small arrow is the RSI above/below 50 level..

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Thanks , i have noticed that also but did anyone share it here yet?

--- 帖子 #842 ---
The big arrow is renasdad manually place it on charts. Small arrow is when 5/12 cross, and small dot is when RSI cros 50level

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Oh i see it now thanks a lot ... cheers!

--- 帖子 #844 ---
The reason for the big green arrows are for the good trades.  The red arrows are for the bad trades.  That will give a ratio of win/loss.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Renasdad, any idea on exits?

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Well, exiting is still in the works.  The main way for me to take partial profits is, Vegas tunnel.  I am still looking at 9 SMA for exiting also.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Hi Renasdad...

I'm not a big fan of the 9sma for the EURO as it gets you out of a profitable position too early many times. Orange traded the Sterling with it in which it may work because it's much more volitile.

So what it the win to lose ratio so far?

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #848 ---
How do you know a good T/P on this system.  I know you can use the WMA's to exit position but by the time they cross you lose a lot of your gain.  I was up about 25 pips and then the next hour dropped and hit my S/L of 15 pips.  Any help would be great.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
I think everyone is trying to work out a good exit strategy now. One thing that we can do is maybe open two positions. Set one at a TP of about 20 - 25 pips and the other with a SL at B.E. Then at 40 to 50 pips take the profit from the other off the table. I would like to see the Stop loss to be based on the technicals on the chart though. That would be ideal.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
sounds like a good idea, I will give it a try

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Win/Loss ratio is hard for me to say.  I am not at my computer enough to take every trade signaled.  That is why I'd like to trade the 4 hr and dailies.  I do have to say though that by looking back in charts, if a person traded every signal, we would have 75% win rate on this.  And on 30 minutes, (which I haven't studied as much) we would have about 50% win rate.  On 30 min charts, seems like SL and TP would be about the same as well.  Although, on the 30 min charts, there are a few big wins.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
That is my main thing I am working on. We have a good entry signal.  That is no problem there.  Now to maximise this, we need a good exit signal and SL.  And with taking profits, it depends on where the signal was produced in relation to the overall trend.  If we are in an uptrend and we get a buy signal on a dip, our TP would be greater than if we get a signal on a little retrace.  That is why I like the Vegas tunnel idea.  We see where the signal is in relation to the tunnel.  If price is just above the tunnel, and we get a buy signal, we have 3 fib lines to take profit at.  If we are at the outter fib level of the tunnel and we get a sell signal, there is a chance we have 6 or 7 take profits we could use.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Here is an example of the 1 hr Vegas Tunnel.  I know there are other signals I didn't mark.  But, look what price did after those signals.  It stalls at the fibs and the tunnel.    Notice way to the right,  the blue arrow.  That is where I would look for a long signal to go back the other way.  The best setup is where price is at the outter fibs.  But, notice where price has stalled.  I think Vegas tunnel is the best thing when it comes to taking profit.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
hallo @all,

don`t you think that the sma 9 like orange showed to us, is a realy good exit

sign?

regards

molguge

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Sorry for late reply, have been busy

I use default DCs settings: Periods(24), Extremes(3), Margins(-2), Advance(0), max_bars(700);  All time frames.

Good day!

--- 帖子 #856 ---
I'm testing the indicator. At the moment very well.

Thanks

Coyan

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Yes, 9 sma does give good exit signals, SOMETIMES. The only problem is, there are other times when price gradually goes in the direction of the trade taken. Refer to post 835 and 839. That will explain what I am talking about.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Poor Sidus.His system has been well and truly hijacked and bastardised. Remember "Keep it simple"?

WHAT WE WANT AND WHAT WE NEED HAS BEEN CONFUSED THEN CONFUSED

(REM- Finest worksong)

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Hey Guys....

My first post on the Sidus thread.  Thank you all for your very useful comments and thoughts.  I have been playing with this system for the last week on TradeStation (makes it tough to share indicators) and have had great results.

So, here are some of my thoughts.

First, to help with the RSI chop chop during a range situation, take note of RSI difference (current bar to previous bar) on the bar which makes the RSI cross above / below the 50.  I have found that in some channeling situations this difference to be very small; < 3 (speaking in absvalue).  I'm also speaking of the 1H.

Second, for exits.  I am taking a vegas 1H approach.  I like to think of it as "expectation."  Chances are unless there's a very very strong trend the price will retrace when you've hit the 3rd / 4th fib, so when this happens I tighten up my exits.  I'm still toying with different indicators for this, but inorder to keep symmetry I like to use periods of 5, 9, and 12.

Also, does anyone know how to code in EasyLanguage, or understand the code for the silver trend indicator.  If you could give me the sydo code I could code it in TS myself.

Thanks guys!

mrLogik

--- 帖子 #860 ---
hallo,

i think when the 9 crosses the 5, it´s most of the time a good exit. and if i trade with the major trend it could be used for a new order, too.

i think this with the 21 rsi and an other frame with original sidus works so good it`s heavy to blieve. sorry for my english.

regards

molguge

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Why you have to be so negative? We are trying to make a good system even better. Whats wrong with that?

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Hello Yardie i'm not being negative, honest.If a system can get you a certain amount of pips in a month why not be happy with that?You can't improve a system indefinitley. I think this forum is great, and obviously a lot of hard work is involved from the members.But, if you try and squeeze more and more pips from a system, that is already good, isn't that, dare I say it?...... greed?

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Thank you Sidus and Bagovino for this great system. I like it .

--- 帖子 #864 ---
We did, myself including, and not all of us.  We did blow this  out of proportion a bit.  Look at all the indicators I posted at first to improve a very simple system.  Sidus did ask us to comment and help improve his system.  RSI(21)/50 cross is a great add on.  5/12 cross is great too.  I don't want to pull every pip out of a trade.  It would be nice it I could but, there is no chance of it and we all know that.  I just don't want to exit a trade and watch  it go another 50 or 60 pips.  I am very greatful to sidus for showing us how he trades.  Also Bago for helping.  There are many people here that have offered great info on making this system better.   I wonder sometimes though if sidus is reading through our posts or not.  It seems though that we did run him off.  I hope that isn't the case.  I hope he does start to post again.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Thanks Renasdad. My sentiments exactly. I think what everyone has tried to do is great. But, I also wonder what happened to Sidus.

--- 帖子 #866 ---
You know Renasdad, your right, it's not nice to watch 50 or 60 pips clock up that you could have had.But, this sometimes happens. It's a question of using a system that gets you enough pips to be comfortable with, then you don't mind watching the extra, 30, 40 ,50 or sometimes 60 pips, clock on, even though your not collecting them.At leat you know youv've got all the pips you NEED from that trade.(Although, what you want may be something quite different)If you can balance want and need , in all walks of life, then you'll do ok.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
I have not looked through this whole thread, but  does any body care to share their results using this system? How have you been doing?

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Hello jonesla9,In my short but quite profitable time as a trader , this is what I think people(which is what I'm doing at the moment), need to do with the sidus system(or in fact any system)

First, decide on an exact rule for entry.Then, look at historical charts, and applying your entry rule, decide on what looks like a reasonable stop.Then, you need to decide how your going to follow the trade, if it moves in your direction.Then, you need to look at % efficiency for hitting(these are only examples, you decide) 20, 40,60, 80, 100 pips profit.Now, we are trying to make money within certain time frames.For example it's no good having a system that is down for the first hundred years but makes you a million in the second hundred. that might be ok if you have kids but no good for you, you'll be dead.so, your system needs to give an acceptable number of pips(YOU decide what's acceptable) to this little sum- pips per trade multiplied by trades per(shall we say month?)month.If you're day trading using say hourly charts I would say a couple of months backtesting and at LEAST 2 or three months demoing is enough to get your stats.It's not over yet.If you decide to go live you need to continually monitor your statistics, adding each trade you take to them(or any trade you miss which fits into your rules), making sure that the stats still tell you that the system is still profitable.If a system is profitable for the first three months of 2006 it might not be for the next three months.You need to continually monitor it and decide if you think it is still profitable.

Does this help?

If I've missed anything(not money management please) please tell me, or if anything dosn't make sense please ask . I've been drinking southern comfort.

How you manage your own money is up to you.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
I am going to have to agree with you on every point!

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Thanks liquid11.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Great Milenko,

I like how you describe that.  Ya know, a couple drinks and I can really explain well too.  Statistics are very powerful.  Hope you stick around this thread man.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Hi guys,

Great thread, I have one question, with the ma's crossing, is it considered a cross once they have crossed by the smallest amount, or do they have to cross by a certain size, not sure if you get what I mean, if anyone does, please let me know.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #873 ---
What I would consider a cross would be when the bar/candle closes, if the 5 is on the opposite side of the 12, that is a cross.  It is always wise to wait for the bar to close before knowing if you have a valid cross or not.  The best thing to do is use the EMA cross indicator.

Now, a differant question can be,  Does the slope of the 5 EMA matter when it goes towards the 12 EMA when it starts to create the new cross.  That is one thing I will be looking at to see if it matters or not.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
R.

In my review of the entry rules I would say that the slope is important.  I think of it as the "push."  If the push is to strong it could mean that it's just a quick shot, but if the push is to weak then it could mean that the move is just a very minor blip.

Just some thoughts.

mrLogik.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Do you always wait for bar close, or if the momentum is there will you enter early to get the extra pips?

--- 帖子 #876 ---
I have been thinking about looking at the ATR as opposed to slope when 5 crosses 12.  The reason is, as the slope of 5 decreases so does ATR.  For example I was thinking if ATR (of last 4 bars) is < 'some number' then the signal is not (yet) strong enough.  What do you all think?

--- 帖子 #877 ---
I tested the EA that was developed by GP2X. I think the results are good ones though all the trade went to loss.

But the EA worked consequently: always turned against us. So I think it could be improved, it should be reprogrammed to take the other direction.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
I noticed even on a 30 min chart, if I wait till bar close for the ma's to crossbefore taking the trade, the rsi could be down to 43 or even lower, does everyone wait for bar close before entering to confirm the cross.

Renasdad

Do you always wait for bar close, I just see some trades run away waiting for bar close to confirm the cross, or if I use the ma cross indicator with alert that was posted, do you enter before bar close if that gives a go signal.

Any comments appreicated.

--- 帖子 #879 ---
I always wait.  Yes you will not get in some good moves but, who can tell which bar is gonna close with a signal 15-20 minutes before it closes?  Noone can tell that.  Granted, 5 minutes before the close, you could tell if it is actually gonna be ok but, it is only a true signal if the bar is closed.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
I’m not very wise on what that whole thing means but looking at your results. There was a lot of buying, but nothing ever sold to even realize the p/l except for gbp/usd. But it still said -300. It sort of confuses me. Is something not configured correctly? I don’t understand the program 100% but are the tickets being closed? Or are new orders being created? I thought I would throw my 2 cents in and see if someone can clarify it for me.

BTW www.freewebs.com/liquid11 I’m still working on her. I just want to create something easier for new guys to the thread so they don’t have to read through everything. It’s got a lot going for it. I was giving a suggestion to update the p/l for pairs traded. Maybe someone hardcore about the Sidus method could shoot me their trades for the week, once a week, with times opened, closed, price opened, price closed, p/l. I don’t want to ask too much though, a simple "I made 100 pips this week in 4 trades" will even work for me. Renasdad if you’re for my cause, I would really like it from you<!--[if gte vml 1]><v:shapetype id="_x0000_t75"  coordsize="21600,21600" o:spt="75" oreferrelative="t" path="m@4@5l@4@11@9@11@9@5xe"  filled="f" stroked="f">  <v:stroke joinstyle="miter"/>  <v:formulas>   <v:f eqn="if lineDrawn pixelLineWidth 0"/>   <v:f eqn="sum @0 1 0"/>   <v:f eqn="sum 0 0 @1"/>   <v:f eqn="prod @2 1 2"/>   <v:f eqn="prod @3 21600 pixelWidth"/>   <v:f eqn="prod @3 21600 pixelHeight"/>   <v:f eqn="sum @0 0 1"/>   <v:f eqn="prod @6 1 2"/>   <v:f eqn="prod @7 21600 pixelWidth"/>   <v:f eqn="sum @8 21600 0"/>   <v:f eqn="prod @7 21600 pixelHeight"/>   <v:f eqn="sum @10 21600 0"/>  </v:formulas>  <vath o:extrusionok="f" gradientshapeok="t" o:connecttype="rect"/>  <o:lock v:ext="edit" aspectratio="t"/> </v:shapetype><v:shape id="_x0000_i1025" type="#_x0000_t75" alt="" style='width:11.25pt;  height:11.25pt'>  <v:imagedata src="file:///C:\DOCUME~1\PATRIC~3\LOCALS~1\Temp\msohtml1\01\clip_image001.gif"   o:href="http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/images/smilies/wink.gif"/> </v:shape><![endif]--><!--[if !vml]--><!--[endif]-->. Maybe not now, maybe in the future when we perfect this work of genius. Something for people to look at to gauge the progress of this system.

God this turned into a long post. <3

--- 帖子 #881 ---
I haven't tested this system yet. I just want to say that it's perfectly possible to backtest a crossout system. the problem you mentioned above, that a signal quickly reverses itself after it's occured, can be safely resolved by taking the signal only at the end of a bar, e.g. before a bar completes, don't take the signal. this may give you less profits, but it'll save your account by filtering out a lot of non-crossouts. good trading.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
jonesla9

Past performance is no guaratee for future gains.

Why not forward test it in a demo A/C.

BabeFX.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
History repeats itself ?

--- 帖子 #884 ---
TheGreatMilenco,

This is how new trading methods are developed, you pool together a group of individuals from around the world and they discuss ways in which to improve things.

Oh! if only politicians around the world could do the same.

BabeFX

--- 帖子 #885 ---
stricko,

I see what you mean.  Look at this.  Inside the circle, there are 2 crosses.  One is stronger than the other.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
renasdad, stricko108,

Whenever I see insignificant crosses like that I like to look at the slope value of the line.  I take the slope of the 5EMA with a period of 12 and the slope of the 12EMA with a period of 5.  Looking at both of these slopes together will show you if the cross is significant enought to constitute a "real" cross.  Additionally, I look at the change of the 5EMA which caused it to cross the 12EMA.  I know these things are fundamental, but when you're automating the system 100% it's very important for the computer to know that.  Computers are dumb machines which can only do what you tell them to.  Unfortunatly I'm using TS so I can't code these things into the metatrader EA you guys have been working on.  I'll make the switch soon enough though.

I haven't looked at the ATR yet.  I'll check into that.  As for < 'some number' what I think you should do is normalize the ATR value.  When you normalize the value of an indicator it compares the current indicator value to the value over some period.  This gives you a value from 0 to 1, or 0 to 100.  This allows you to compare the indicator to itself, and get a better view of where it "came from."  I find this to be most useful as long as you're sample periods don't get to long.

Thoughts?

mrLogik

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Liquid11,

Well, there were five buying positions and one sell position, all went the wrong direction. I attach all the files I have related to this EA. Hopefully you (or someone else who can also code MT4) can improve this EA.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
I have monitored this thread for about a good while now and I must say that due credit must be served to each and everyone of you for you sustained forward efforts, however take a notion of caution with your efforts Now to find the super exact entry and exit points with the hair triggered foot of a professional drag racer. A good system is just that a good system! It will serve as a strong sail in a high wind and  as a sturdy crib for a bouncy baby. Get the point.  The current method you are all pouring over has been in morphing creation for a good year now as it has traces back to the strategyfx forum..  Nothing is new under the sun only reborn again in fresh new minds.  The one hour tunnel foundation is holding it's own. The enhanced versions to accellerate the trading opportunites are fine and dandy. Remember it's all about perception...  This is your individualized personal Holy grail!!  I see the system works you each see it.  Spend more time watching it in action within each currencies individual habitat,  let that be your tuning fork for the trades.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Just adding me.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
100% agreed!

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Any quick logic on how I can normalize this?  Do you happen to have an indicator laying around for this?  If you give me the equation I can probably make an indicator for this.

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Matt...  I dont use metatrader but I can explain how I do it in TS.

Here's the sydo code.

//

inputs: xInd(current value of indicator), p(period / number of samples);

1. get xInd

2. Find the lowest value of xInd over a period P.

3. Find the highest value of xInd over a period P.

4. Calculate the range (3. - 2.).

5. return (1. - 2.) / 4.

The returned value is the normalized value

//

I hope this helps.  Also, as I keep saying slope over and over again I realize that some people think of slope as direction of a trend line.  At least this is what vegas says is slope in his 4H paper.  The way I mean slope is mathametically.  Slope = rise / run.  This is good (conservative) for exits because you get to see when the EMA you're using for an exit is slowing down rather than turning.  In this instance you are getting out while the move is still going in the direction of the trade, but you better predict when the EMA is going to turn, rather than waiting for it to turn....

Happy Coding.  Let me know if you don't understand anything.  I'll be awake for the next 4 hours or so.

mrLogik

--- 帖子 #893 ---
G'day all,

It's great to see this system (and it's many variations) get a great run in the forum. This system is simple and appears to work (I'm currently forwarding this).

Peter posted a great indicator EMAcrosswithRSI3, i believe it was. However, what I haven't seen yet is a simple EA to execute the trades. I would like to test this system mechanically, as well as manually. I want to see what the results would be if the system took EACH and EVERY trade that was signalled. (which isn't manually possible because we do need to sleep :-)

Is anybody able to make an EA (or add EA features to the existing indicator  - with Peter's permission) to take every trade??

The basic system is a 5/12 EMA cross and RSI(21) crossing 50. The ability to input # of bars between the 2 signals occurring would be the only control on the trade - this would be a plus if it could be done.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Hey guys,  just wanted to let you know,  yesterday, I would have made 163 pips on 2 trades.  Today, I would have 41 pips booked and 2 full positions open with my SL at break even.  Another trade would have had 1/2 position closed and SL at BE.  These are all from 1 hr charts.   So, between yesterday and today, 203 pips with 2 full trades and 1 trade with 1/2 position open at BE.  No losers.

One thing to remember, on 1 hr charts, you only have to check your charts once an hour. 30 minute charts, you need to be checking every 1/2 hr.  Ssure would be nice to get the 4 hr charts figured out.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
I know this all started off of the Sidus method, but it is evident that the BAGOVINO 5/12 ema 21 RSI 30 min cross dominated the thread!

I think we should all concentrate on this system since Sidus abandoned the thread... Maybe he realized th Bago'pip system was better and couldn't compete.

I've been trading both systems at the same time and the Bago'pip made much more money!!!!

So I recommend we improve the Bago 30 min system so we can all become rich!!!!!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Renasdad,

Are you trading the 5/12 EMA cross 21 RSI on the 1hr charts???

If so, that is my original method. If you remember I adapted it to the 30 Min. chart.

Please clarify how you made your last posts claims...

Thanks!

Bago

--- 帖子 #897 ---
when the 5 ema crosses 12 from below it signals a buy but what if the RSI has been hovering above 60 for the past few hours? is it still a good signal?

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Bago,

I am trading the 1 hr charts.  I do see some potential on the 30 min charts though.  A person is gonna get stopped out more BUT, when the move is a good one, a person would be in much earlier on the 1 hr.   So, to answer your question, I trade 1 hr 5/12 cross with RSI/50 cross.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
You have to use common sense and make sure it's not trading in a range. If price is tight, look for a cross with a break out. Then you take a position.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
ab,

Thinking about this question, and not having my charts infront of me, when 5 crosses 12 from below to above, if RSI was hovering above 60, it would usually drop down closer to 50 when 5 crossed 12 from to above to below to begin with.  Then when 5 crossed up through 12, RSI would then climb back up without RSI touching 50.  That is where you would have a 5/12 cross with a RSI/50 bounce.    If that is too confusing, let me know and I'll delete this post.

--- 帖子 #901 ---
renasdad,

thanks for the reply. much appreciated. i'm looking at the EUR/USD 30 min chart now and there was a cross an hour back signalling a buy but the RSI has been at the 60 level since the news yesterday.

--- 帖子 #902 ---
This is why an EA would suck for this.  It would take every single trade even if price was in a tiny little range as long as the 5/12 and RSI/50 cross.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Renasdad

Which pairs are u watching?

Also to sidus, are u still around?

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Stricko,

The charts I post in my journal thread are the ones I am watching.   The main ones I am really watching are,

EURUSD

USDCHF

EURJPY

NZDUSD

AUDUSD

--- 帖子 #905 ---
this system is amazing

from now on im in this thread

MORE PIPS FOR YOU

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Further improvement on the Sidus/Bagovino system? This may help us with exits. I got it from another forum.

1HR Chart

EMA 5,13,62

MACD default

Stoch 15,9,3

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Hey Bago,

Didn't Sidus said he was working on Sidus II ?

Could you post an update of your settings ?

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Renasdad,

I like the 1 hr myself... If you remember way back when I first posted I said I used this on the 1 hr chart. I mentioned that is what Prosignal does because I signed up for a free trial with them and everytime the 5/12 crossed it generated a signal on their software. So you are right, there is atleast a 75% win rate on the 1Hr. I zoomed into the 30 min for Sidus entry.

I like to zoom out to the weekly, daily, 4hr and then try to trade that general direction... How about yourself?

As far as the new Sidus system.... I dont know when it's coming out. I never spoke to the man. He left this thread long ago!!!

I'd like to just concentrate on the 5/12 21 RSI 1hr system as that will encompass the whole sidus system anyway! I dont find the Sidus system too useful. It keeps you out of many great trades!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Bago,

I remember you taking about those free signals you were getting. You are the one that added the RSI/50. I very much appreciate that. It definitely saves on some bad trades. For entry, I would look for price to be either near the Vegas tunnel or at the outter fib levels. I am also looking at using the mtfchannel indicator that peterdxb uses. When price/Tunnel/and the channel all line up, it is a very nice setup. It will require much more forward testing though. On the 1 hr charts, I use a 4 hr channel and a daily channel.

If you look at the first NZDUSD chart in my thread, that is exactly what happened. price bounced off tunnel and 4 hr channel and the daily channel was close by. Both channels were pointing up.

And just like you Bago, I like to zoom out on the longer time frames and see the longer term trend.  That is what the mtf channel does too.  It's like clock work sometimes.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Here is what I am talking about with the tunnel and the channels.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
I have made a observation about the sidus method, tell me what you think aobut it. I have been using the sidus method on the 1hr chart with success but I have been exiting my positions before economic reports have come out.  But it seems to me that the market is always moving in the same direction after the reports come out as it was before they came out.  I am not sure if this is because the market has been correct in predicting what the reports would be or if this is just coincidence.  Let me know what you think

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Bagovino I think you are being a bit harsh here. It was Sidus who really got the ball rolling afterall. Anyhow I think your system is good..but we need to find a good exit strategy. I dont think we have found that a definitive one as yet. I think the settings I post above may help.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Here is a chart attached.

--- 帖子 #914 ---
looks good .... could you please post those bottom indicators ... so I and others can try them. I do not know how to make them from scratch. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #915 ---
UT2DaMax. THe MACD indicator and STOCHastic Oscillator indcator can be found under the indicators list in the Navigator of mT4 (same list where you find the Moving Average indicator). If you know how to install a template (.pl) file I can post my template here.

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Yardie - have you ditched the RSI21 then?

--- 帖子 #917 ---
CGLDSmith. I have really ditched anything as yet. I added the new indicators for discussion purposes and to see if they are better for entries and exits...especially exits.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Renasdad,

I was looking over your chart in post #858 where you have your entry arrows.  According to the third arrow from the left (a short entrance) you didn't wait for the 5 to cross below the 12.  Am I missing something.  Also, after your first entrance short (from the left) you have a 5 cross above the 12 without an arrow.  Shouldn't that constitute an arrow also?

Thanks for your help.

mrLogik

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Seems these EMA cross methods get a ton of response. I'm currently reading this one and the Bunny Girl method on another forum. Lots of great information.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Hmmm ..... I dropped a MACD with the same 12 26 9 but is sure is not the same visually. I use old lace background, ... and blue . Yes I do know how to file a template. thanks

--- 帖子 #921 ---
maximum pips would be nice all the time however i red a book by daryl guppy some time ago and his take on trading was:-  it`s better to walk a mile with a crowd. i think it means the other guy has to eat too, so maybe we should be thankfull for what we get!

--- 帖子 #922 ---
I have attached the template.

--- 帖子 #923 ---
What trading system is the template for?

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Please read my previous posts above. You will find an explanation there.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Hey guys, i have been workin pretty hard on a sidus dedicated site for this thread. Check it out, i put a bunch of files from this forum in the files section. I would like some input if its not to much trouble, I think a site like this will be a great way to guage its progress. Im not trying to promote my work, just tryin to create a complete picture of this method. theres over 900 posts!

www.freewebs.com/liquid11

Email me, PM me

Liquid11

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Liquid - it's brilliant. Nice one.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Liquid11 thanks for your efforts!

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Mr logic,

These were not trades I took.  There is more to the third arrow from the left than just the 5/12 cross.  Double bar high at outter fib levels.  If a person did wait for the cross on a 1 hr chart, we would not have been stopped out with a 40 pip SL though.  Price action is the fastest indicator.   If the trade was taken where I placed the arrow, that would have not been a 5/12 cross at all.

On the second part of your question, with all the chart watching I do and not even having the RSI on that chart, I can almost guarantee, RSI would not have crossed 50.  It would have been more of the 5/12 bounce I talk about.  I will go back and check that trade once and see where the RSI was though just to make sure I am not just blowing smoke.

--- 帖子 #929 ---
I just checked that chart and it is a 5/12 cross with a RSI/50 bounce.  I will post a chart.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Thank you for this great initiative.

I'm watching this thread with eagle's eyes. I like a lot of points. Ive decided to wait with my second version. Just looking for your inputs and results. I want yo keep it simple, but it needs something extra, you guys are helping me to figure it out.

Keep on going!!!

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Good to hear from you Sidus. I am glad that we didnt scare you away.

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Hi Sidus,

Glad to know that you are still with us. But how is your trading/forward testing result lately? Have you tried the 5/12 ema and RSI 21 crossing entry method?

My impression about this system (as well as the variations) is that, it can capture big move movements for sure, but it's those filters making it consistently profitable.

aha

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Welcome back, Sidus!

I'm sure your return will make a lot of people very happy!

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Sidus,  since I wasn't posting when you were, I would now like to thank you for showing this simple but very effective way of trading.  I don't trade your system like you do.  And the system you showed us was tweaked and changed but, if you never started this thread, we would not have had this awesome thread to learn from.  I would still be bouncing from one system to the next looking for trade setups and all that other BS.  I am very glad to see you didn't leave and were just reading along.  We are definitely on to something here.

I have one question for you if I may.  How do you exit a trade?  SL is a bit tricky also.  Maybe these to things are answered in your other posts and with all the excitement have gotten lost.  I really think the Vegas 1 hr Tunnel is the way to go.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Sidus, whatever changes are in your system, on my chart template it's called "Sidus"! Glad to hear from you and please be around.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
OK Here Goes: I have created an EA for trading this system in the EURUSD pair. I am using the exact rules posted below with the exception that I am waiting for the current bar to close before I look at the 5/12 cross, and I am only using the phase 1 and 2 parts (exiting when the 18 and 28 cross when in phase 2). For a stop loss I am using a variable stop loss based on 2*ATR, but not less than 10 or greater than 35. Even so, by theory I should show a profit, HOWEVER, I have shown a loss every time I backtest this (using M1 data to compile M30 data). Seems there are WAY to many false signals with the 5/12 cross and I have yet to find a filter what works. (Although I am considering a filter which would be something on the range of using a crossing pair that gives a signal somewhere between the Bagovino and origional Sidus signals. I guess my search for the Holy Grail is still on. Sidus if you are reading this THANK YOU for getting us started on this. I'm new to FOREX and have learned a lot from this thread.

Any help out there??? Has anybody found a filter which works?

PS: I plan on writing an EA using the origional Sidus specs to test that as well. Also I have only tested on EURUSD.

I will be out of town until Monday, but I will read all replies then.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
One thing I have heard over and over again.  Backtesting doesn't give very good (true) results.  As for filtering the false signals, the false signals are usually made when price is ranging so, the only way to filter out that is to find an indicator that will indicate when price is rangebound.  All indicators are lagging so, that is very hard to do.  So,  the best filter here for me is my eyes.  I'd have to say sup/res or something like that.  Yes ATR will show when price is trending and when it is range bound.  But, with ATR, wouldn't we get 2 or 3 false signals before ATR indicates price is ranging?  I am done looking for indicators that will make this better.  Simple is great.  a couple crosses with a bit of price action sometimes.  No matter what system a person uses or who uses the system, there will always be losses.  The key is to get the system to give small losses (SL) with large gains (TP/Exit).  I know that is the key so, since we have an awesome system we are working on,  Why not focus our attention on where the SL and TP/Exit should be?

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Guys/Gals, I wish I had more time to post trades or signals that wouldn't be a good trade to take. I would love to keep my journal updated as well as I can. If anyone here would like to post charts in the journal, go ahead. I am not posting charts only for my benefit although it is benefiting me a whole bunch. I am doing it for your benefit as well. The only thing I do ask is to only post charts with 5/12 and RSI/50 crosses. Not a bunch of other indicators. That is what this thread is for.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Just had a brainstorm.  If we are looking at 30 minute charts, and we get the RSI/50 cross, what if we would wait 1 extra bar close to confirm the cross.  Let's say, RSI crosses 50 at 7 AM.  At 7:30 AM, RSI is still below 50.  Then we open a trade.  Just an idea for everyone to consider.

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Liquid,

Great Job!!!

Looks to me like you are gonna have a chat room???????????????????????

That would be pretty cool.

--- 帖子 #941 ---
reanasdad.

I have heard that idea bandied about before. Whatever time frame you are trading wait for the close of the next bar before entering a trade.

Trouble is, if you are trading the 4hr or dailies then you are entering at just about that time the winners are getting out, so if you were planning to go long, the earlier longs would be passing the batten to you at just about the high of the present move.

Better still look at the longer time frames without any indicators. Observe price action. Recognise support & resistance. Take note of recent Fib retracements.

Support or Resistance is an area not a set number value !

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Take a look at this 4HR chart as my setup shows it.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Hmm looks like GBPUSD may be getting ready for a dive.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Babe,

When I talk about waiting for the extra bar close,  I am only talking about the 30 minute charts.  That would maybe save from whipsaws.  And you are right about the longer timeframes with using no indicators at all.  I do like using price action for my indicator.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Here is something I was talking to someone about.  What if we get the RSI/50 cross and no 5/12 cross on an hr chart just as the bar closes.  5 minutes later after the bar closes, then the 5 crosses the 12.    Would that constitue as a valid cross.  Or would we wait 55 minutes to get in?

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Ren,

I am using the RSI as my "trigger."  I only allow 3 bars max after an RSI cross to enter a trade (waiting for the 5/12 cross).  If you wait to long you may enter at the end of the move.  Although using this method you give up some good moves, the ratio of good moves missed to bad moves taken is about 1:4.

As far as using larger time frames (4H / D) for trend direction, I agree.  Price action is the best way to go when your trading the 30 / 1H for in this method.  Anything else lags to much; you'll never get an entrance.

mrLogik.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
renasdad, I apologise.

Yes waiting for a close of the 30min bar after the trigger bar should get us in to the trade a little earlier than waiting for the 60min cross & confirmation.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Howdy All.

Well, I just went through 63 pages of this thread. Wow. Seems like some really good stuff here. I just thought I would share how I have my setup and see if I am on the right track or not. I am using the SidusBago method.

5/12 EMA

21 RSI

Enter long if RSI is above 50 and the 5EMA has crossed to the up side of the 12EMA.

Enter short if RSI is below 50 and the 5EMA has crossed to the down side of the 12EMA.

Sound right?

I will post today what are some of the potential triggers that I see on the pairs for the 1hr chart:

1.) EUR/USD

2.) USD/CAD

3.) USD/CHF

4.) EUR/JPY

5.) GBP/USD

6.) USD/JPY

7.) AUD/USD

8.) EUR/GBP

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Oh Yeah. If I missed a signal or someone else sees one, please post it here. I think we will all learn from eachother on what the entry signals are for each of the pairs.

-fxm

--- 帖子 #950 ---
sidus, approximately when do you publish v2?

I am expecting it so much, and hope it will reach us in the next days *hope*

--- 帖子 #951 ---
These are all on 1hr charts:
USD/CAD: weak buy. crossover but not an RSI confirmation
EUR/JPY: weak buy. crossover happened a while back with RSI confirmation. MTF channel shows a wide band of movement available
EUR/USD: weak sell. crossover occured but RSI does not confirm. current 1hr tick is outside of the channel.

Analysis anyone?

-fxm

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Made some nice gains on the GBP/USD using the Sidus method. What is the best exit strategy? I'm currently just using a trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
I had some nice trades today on the cable... using the 5/12 cross, and exit at the vegas 1H tunnels fib. number...

I exited at 1.8882, because I really didn't think it would go lower than that, there was a vegas 1hr tunnel fib, a regular fib. level AND a pivotpoint... but it did. But today I have got atleast 50 pips

--- 帖子 #954 ---
could someone provide the recent rules and indicators for the sidus1 strategy?

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Yardie,

I followed today's Philadelphia Fed Report trade with attention on your setup and it showed the worthy exit point properly.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Renasdad,

Can you post that mtf channel. I dont see it here... It looks very useful for finding turning points. It seems using that in conjunction with fibs can be awesome! I trade using fib retracements religously. It's scarey how dead on they are. I can actually trade with no other indicators besides fibs... Using the 5/12 cross just triggers when to pull the trigger.

--- 帖子 #957 ---
mtf attached

--- 帖子 #958 ---
G'day MrLogik,

I totally agree with this statement as am using something similar. However, I'd love an EA where i could input # of bars between signals and see what evenatuates using different numbers of bars.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Hi all,

I downloaded the EMA_CROSS.mpq4 from Freewebs site (attached to the post), and compiled it.

A couple of questions:

1) Since it is appearing in my indicators area of StrategyBuilder, do I drag and drop it on a relevant chart..i.e. GBP/USD, EUR/USD etc.

2) Is it meant to automate the trading i.e. buying and selling lots, and closing out trades.

So if anyone is using this mq4 file, can you please answer my questions.

Thanks so much for your help everyone.

Greg

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Bagovino,

Thank you very much for all of your wonderful contributions! Would you be kind enough to provide more information about your use of fib retracements? Also, if you can provide a link to a description of the technique you use that would be most helpful.

--- 帖子 #961 ---
G'day all,

Here's a trade on the aussie that I just exited. I entered with 3 lots and took 1 lot at the tunnel (+17), took another lot at the 1st fib (+49) and exited halfway to the next fib (+64) - i didn't think it had the legs to get there (I could be proven incorrect but it doesn't matter). All up +130. See attached chart.

Of course, these were micro lots and it was on a demo account, but 130 pips is 130 pips.

You'll notice on my chart that the RSI momentarily went below 50 on my entry bar before returning back above on the next bar. This is something that happens and we have to trust that the system will work itself.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #962 ---
The signals that were produced today were amazing.  Too bad I had to be sleeping through all of them.  If a person would watch price action when the signal happens, there would have been no losers today.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
I agree Ren.

Unfortunately, I only caught two of them. AUD and EUR/JPY. Both were positive. The AUD was by far the best. I did a bonehead thing and didn't raise my target profit enough for this one. So, I made a measily 22 pips.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Look at the last chart I posted in my journal.  The one with eurusd.   Look at the power of a little price action and the vegas tunnel.  If you would have put in a 3 lot trade on this one, you could have made 292 pips.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
FXM,

The best thing to do is have targets for your position but, don't take off the whole trade.  Alsways leave some on the table.  When I start to live trade again, I will have enough lots on a trade so I have my TP and when all TPs are hit, I will still have a lot left to use a trailing stop on.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Welcome back, Sidus, it's nice to know that your watchfull eyes are behind all this excitement!

What You and Bagovino have created is not a Holly Grail for trading, but a good, friendly and generous community for traders, experienced and not so.  I do not trade your method, but I backtest, or at least manually look up in the charts every single "new invention" here and I've learned a lot.  Or, sometimes, when tired, I just drop in and read new posts to keep my juices flowing...  a lot of great people here!

Thanks, both of you!

Reenasdad, as far as I know the only  (not a custom) indicator that is not lagging is CCI.

Good day!

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Wow this is great A1Cruiser. I think we might be onto something here.

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Does anyone know if I can import certain currency pairs into my charts?What I mean is, My one set of charts are all messed up.  The 1 hr bar closes at 20 minutes after the hour.  I want to take a currency pair from those charts and import it to my other charts.  Is it possible?

--- 帖子 #969 ---
EUR/USD just punched the lower trendline of mftchannel. Is this you are referring to? Do you think this the turning point up or a breakthrough?

Bago, which custom indicators are you using for entries? There are so many in this thread.

nchosen

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Thats true and lets hope the new sidus method will incorporate the use of Vegas fibs.

Happy Trading!

--- 帖子 #971 ---
I sense the Gold rush has settled here with the ebb/flow of fresh information.

As I said before  it is all a matter of individual perception.  Any combination of indiactors will yield good trading.. So as long as the settings are primed per the time interval you are watching.  Being as the actual control of the forex flow is cross breed between different currencies, this is your true indication of direction.  As we find that the USD/YEN is opposit of the EUR/USD  most all the time with the exception of a stronger tug from say the GBP/USD as that is the buddy currency to the EUR/USD  or say the USD/CHF pulls against the USD/YEN as it is the buddy currency to the USD/YEN notice I call them buddy currencies as they complement each other in same overall direction.  Now lets throw in a curve...  EUR/JPY   This a Part time lover to the USD/YEN sometimes it will compliment the USD/YEN as a buddy and on other occasions it will do it's own thing such as tonight and for some Morning..  8-18-06  it had all time highs over-night while the yen and euro were basically at a total stand still..  KEY::::  watch the key bid offer levels for the currency you like to trade as well as the bid offer levels of the counter currency.  This will explain to you total technical traders why you get whipsaws you can't figure out most of the time but not all as nothing is infinate with this ride called forex.  The Big dogs like to run stops on each other and we sometimes get caught in the wake..  i.e. option expires a favorite chase down.. Perception is key to it all!  You can program a million setups and if you can't see or at least reolize what going on out the runway, you trades will get run-down! A good portion of the time.  You all have been told it's all about support and resistance  I buy You sell  Some hesitate then enter.. This all contributes to what we all know as the trend. Note the attached images as an example of mirrored effects on flow and stall dependant on in the currency or out of the currency influx

Keep it safe

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Yardie,

I have been watching Sidus3 template since this morning again.

Today's bars of EURUSD, H1 are all sitting on the EMA (62), its interesting. Do you have any particular reason for using EMA (62)?

The market was choppy this morning. Now (10:00 GMT) the setup is about to give a sell sign. I'm curious and will follow the happening.

Good job!

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Currency,

Why don't you post this in a new thread or something.  This has nothing to do with sidus method at all.  When I come to this thread, I am looking to read about this method, not to find posts that have nothing to do with it.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
A1,

Are you recording you trades?  That actually goes for everyone.  It would be a great idea for everyone to do.  That is why I suggested posting trades with charts.  That is gonna give us a much better idea of how well this works.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
G'day all,

Anyone else get signals to short USDJPY and EURJPY just now? I'm thinking of making it a trade condition not to take signals on bars with a range greater than 40 or so pips (most fo the move has already happened), but for the purpose of this exercise I took both trades:

USDJPY Short @ 115.53 - SL @ 115.93 - TP1 @ 115.28 - TP2 @ 114.93

EURJPY Short @ 148.20 - SL @ 148.56 - TP1 @ 147.73 - TP2 @ 147.43

We'll see how it goes...

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Artamon the original EURJPY short signal came around 148.70. You missed the boat on that one. There were short signals showing on all the JPY pairs before that big fall caused by the PBOC interest rate announcement. I am long USDCHF at 1.2332 (ASK).

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Yardie, if you took the trade at 148.70 then you took it prior to the bar closing (or the signal), and that's not correct. You're second-guessing the system. The whole purpose of my exercise is to let the SYSTEM tell ME when to enter. Like i stated above, I think i'll be making an exception to entering trades on big range bars.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Hi guys,

Very good system. I use 5 and 13 EMA and I open a position on the next open.I don't open a position if the gap 5-13 is only 1 pip.Generally my stoploss is on the last swing. I'm only testing it for now.

Do you take a look at daily and weekly charts?If weekly and daily charts are  in a downtrend do you open short position only?

--- 帖子 #979 ---
I am using a combination of Sidus/Bagovino and the settings I posted a few pages back. Both said GO for eurjpy (and USDCHF as well which I close for a profit). I am not following any candle patterns for my trade other than avoid making trades when there is a long candle going in either direction (like the eurjpy situation).

--- 帖子 #980 ---
any body ready to go long eurjpy?

--- 帖子 #981 ---
All I see is short on the one hour chart. Where did you see the long on the 30 minute?

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Here is what I see.  On the 1 hr chart.  Price has dropped and hit the Vegas Tunnel.  There are 3 exact highs that have been made just below the red dotted line I placed on the chart.  Looking at longer timeframse everyone can see the major uptrend.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
A1Cruiser. I got the settings from another forum. I am not sure about the EMA 62..but it seems a cross indicate that there is a trend in the making. At least that is my interpretation I get from looking at the charts.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Thank you SIDUS. Two days in a row that I'm profitable. On the chart posted I entered long the first time at 1.1235 and had a stop at the 5/12 cross but got stopped out so I re-entered on the next candle at 1.1240 and already have a 30 pip profit.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
EMA62 on a 1/2 hr chart is typically used to show the turnover point between the bulls & bears for the 1/2 hr timeframe chart.  Price usually gets sucked in to the 62 when it gets close (hint, hint  ).

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Nice call on EURJPY Renasdad! it broke support at 148.47 resistance and took off.  Wish I had listened to you while chatting and I hope you played it.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
No, I dodn't play that one.  The 5/12 cross didnt happen at that point but, notice on the 1 hr chart, it did just as the market closed.  Here is a chart now of eurjpy.    Notice the 3 bars I circled.  three ecaxt lows,   right inside the 1 hr vegas tunnel.  A SL 10-12 pips below that and you have a very good trade setup.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
using Bagovino settings

EMA 5 on close

SMA 9 on close

EMA 12 on close

RSI 21 on close Fixed minimum on 30%,Fixed maximum on 70%

add LWMA 100 on close.

Now go to M5 and observe when the slow MA,s 5-9-12 cross over the 100MA,this gives you a solid signal to exit your short entry and enter a long one.The RSI on M5 also usually crosses over the 50% line at the same time.

Only use the above after or near the ema 5 crossing the SMA 9 on H1.

I also use MACD set on default (12,26,9) on H1 as an additional confirmation of the move.If the histogram is above water (0) and rising ,I stay in long but as soon as the ascending signal line breaks thu the descending histogram bars ,I take that as a change of trend direction and act accordingly.

If you like ,you can use all the above on H4 and D1.As long as the price bounces above the LWMA 100 you hold on to your long position.You may have to have deep pockets full of money to be able to stay in the trade as the price does its fluctuations.

Pippy the phew stikes again.

jlm

--- 帖子 #989 ---
These are my settings for the use of SiDuS.

LWMA 5 on close

LWMA 8 on close

EMA 18 on close

EMA 28 on close

LWMA 100 on close

RSI 21 50%

added by me

SMA 20 on close

MACD 12,26,9

I use the SMA 20 as my guide to remain in the trade during price fluctuations causing undesired 5/8 crosses.I usually enter or exit my trades when the SMA 20 changes direction.The RSI 21 50% cross is still the king.

Both the Bagovino posted earlier and this one are what I use every day with great success.

Pippy the phew strikes again.

jlm

--- 帖子 #990 ---
I just had a new idea.  I do not want to mess this thread up with the new concept so, if you would like to know what I am thinking, PM me and I will let you know.  Maybe we could come up with something.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
I have the 100 WMA on my chart as well. If the 5/12 cross happens above the 100 WMA I enter long and if it's below I enter short. Stolen from the bunny girl cross.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Yardie,

As I mentioned in my earlier post I followed the signals of Sidus3 setup with attention on an EURUSD H1 chart. Yesterday at GMT 10:00 there was a signal to go short (the image of chart attached shows SBFX time, that is GMT +2). The short signal unfolded in three steps:

the EMA(5) bounced back down from EMA(13) at GMT 8:00,

the Stochastic bounced back down from 80 at GMT 9:00,

on Stochastic the %K line fell below the %D line at GMT 10:00, the MACD was below zero and the signal line crossed MACD,

then the price went down approx. 40 pips.

At GMT 11:00 Stochastic's %K line started to rise - first signal to close the order,

at GMT 12:00 Stochastic's %K line crossed up 20 - second signal to close.

At GMT 13:45 the University of Michigan Confidence Survey came out and the market became too choppy for this setup.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Bonmeister,

Valuable information, thank you for it.

So, if I understand it well, the slope of EMA62 shows whether the trend is bullish or bearish. Looking at the 30 minutes chart the trend of EURUSD is slightly bearish now and it is close to the turnover point.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
to imbiber...

if you refer back to this thread very first one posting by SiDuS you can read that this system is a combination using BGX bunnygirl cross and Vegas tunnel.In this business we borrow from each other as much as possible.

SiDuS for some reason of his own decided not to use the MA 100,some of us ,you included prefered to hold on to it.

If you use some other aids in your trading and you are having good results please let all of us know.

Thanks.

jlm

--- 帖子 #995 ---
A1Cruiser Good observations. Why dont you start a separate thread and post your observations there? Should be an interesting read.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
A1 Cruiser.

Hardly surprising, all the MA is doing is looking back. In the case of the 62ma it is showing the average price of the previous 62 30minute periods recalculated on the close of the last period.

Price action & S&R levels together with length of candle wicks should be taken into consideration.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Thank you, Yardie, I consider your suggestion.

Although, I think you posted this setup to this thread first so the merit is yours. I just took some observations.

--- 帖子 #998 ---
to open an indicator in a separate window ...

Change this line ..... (in MT4 MetaEditor) ...
#property indicator_chart_window

<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o>to ..........</o>
#property indicator_separate_window

I learned this by trial and error ...... I am sure there are many newbies that appreciate this tip, as I do when others leave tips for me. Thanks for the code you all have shared!

QUESTION:

If any of you would be so kind to explain how to change time for MT4 for Eastern for example .... would appreciate it! I presume for an EA to work properly the time in MT4 must be the same as EA CODE. Any help here would be appreciated! My MT4 time is not even close! Thanks all!!!

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Just curious.  Is anyone keeping track of their trades?  How well are you guys doing?  Are you making more pips than losing?  What pairs work the best?  Are the signals better when RSI and 5/12 crosses happen at the same time?  Have you noticed a certain time during london or certain time during US markets?

I am putting 110% into this and I guarantee  if you guys do it too and stick to it and we all put our heads together, we can make it happen.

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
renasdad.

I am still refining my entry criteria. More important, I am working on an exit strategy that gives me the cream of the trade.

BabeFX.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Nice chart on the Cable. Red MA's have crossed. New trend in place, maybe?

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Beautiful progression in EUR/USD. This pair definitely respects the sidus/bago/renasdad's system. Thank you everybody.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Hello all... I know I haven't been weighing in much on the Sidus system, but I just wanted to inform everyone that I'm currently developing a Sidus EA.

So here's my question to all of you:

What optional filters would you guys like to see on the EA (right now it's simply based on the 5/8WMAs crossing, and the 18/28EMAs crossing).

OK, throw out some ideas.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
G'day thesst,

I welcome this news. However, are you open to creating an EA for the Bagovino Modified 5/12 cross system? I believe many more ppl trade that than the original Sidus method.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Ah, I have not seen this system... OK, I can certainly develop an EA for that. Is there any other difference in this system aside from changing the 8WMA to a 12WMA?  (ie any entry, exit, etc. differences).

Thanks for the input, and keep it coming!

~Joe Thesst

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
G'day all,

I got into the following trade today, based on 5/12 cross and RSI cross.

The numbers on the system are:

#1. Signal to go short - 5/12 and RSI cross on the same bar. This is a strong signal, from my time looking back into past price action.

#2. Go short with 3 lots (or mini or micro or whatever) on next bar open (although I did miss it by a few pips, I still got in) @ 1.2317

#3. First TP target at fib line - took 1 lot @ 1.2275 (+42)

#4. Second TP target at 4 hr channel bottom @ 1.2250 (ordinarily I'd go to next fib line, but seeing as it's below the trend channel I'll take 1 lot here and the final lot at next fib line @ 1.2240.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Ok, basically, we wait for the 5/12 EMA cross and the RSI(21) cross. 5 cross 12 upwards and RSI(21) cross 50 upwards we BUY at the next bar open. Opposite for Short trades.

For me, I take profit at Vegas 1hr Fib levels and tunnel. The indicator is in this thread. Maybe you can incorprrate it.

The only 2 features I would like (at this point in time ) is the ability to enter how many bars are allowable between the 5/12 crossing and the RSI(21) crossing for it to be a valid trade. And, the bar where the 5/12 crosses or RSI crosses to be less than XX (a value I can input) pips in range (H - L).

Edit: Umm, I forgot about SL. SL is set to 30 pips or just above the highest H (or L) over the last few bars. After the first TP is taken, SL should be moved to BE or 30 pips. I then keep it at 30pips after each bar closes, but i never move it to give my trade more room if the trade goes against me.

Cheers mate,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
G'day all,

I've also taken the following 2 trades. By the way, as I have previously stated these are on demo acct.

#1 is the entry bar/price.

#2,3 and 4 are the TP's.

So far they're slow movers, but we'll see how it turns out.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
I only trade the Sidus so I haven't paid much attention to the Bagovino method. Are there normally a lot of whipsaws that take place with this method since you just enter on the 5/12 cross?

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
G'day imbiber,

I enter on the 5/12 and RSI(21) cross and I don't trade 30min TF to minimise the chop. I have played with trend channels in the past so I also have a look at the prevailing daily trend and the intra-day trend.

Thanks to vegas, we know that the best movements are made when the price is at the outer fib lines or at the tunnel. It pays to know where the price is and what it's doing aside from my own vaccum of 5/12/RSI crosses.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
I would never use a EA for my live trading but for forward testing, it would definitely help.  There are a lot of people following this thread so it is hard to tell you which method is used by the larger amount of followers.    If you are in the middle of creating an EA for Sidus method don't stop.  Just make that one first.  If you would be willing to make another one, this is what I would like to see in it.

EMA 5/12 cross

RSI/50 cross

TP is at the fib lines and tunnel.  Once in profit, the best way to trail with a SL is to just be on the other side of the tunnel.  Please forgive me if this doesnt make sense.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
There are already EAs for the Bagovino system in this thread. I have tried one and get killed by whipsaws. Maybe Thesst can try creating an EA based on the settings I posted a few pages back a few days ago. The EA I tried had rsi 50 setting plus ema crosses but not the fib and tunnel stuff.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
You've mentioned this before Yardie but the only EA i found does not resemble the Bagovino system at all. It was done based on Sidus' system when it was first proposed.

If you have anything different from this please provide a link to it as I cannot find it.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
GBPUSD hit final TP. In summary:

BUY 3 lots @ 1.8864

TP 1 lot @ 1.8904 (+40)

TP 1 lot @ 1.8933 (+69)

TP 1 lot @ 1.8955 (+91)

Total: +200

The USDCHF and USDCAD are still open.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Art,

Good job on those trades!!!! By the way... Is that an indicator you have that draws fib lines on your charts? If so would you be so kind as to post it?

Thanks!!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Thanks babe,

And by the response to my post about this, I take it noone is keeping track of their trades.  Or they are just looking at charts and not trading.    Another thing I have noticed is that many people are following this system and another system and sometimes even a third system.  I will almost guarantee you guys if you try to follow 2, 3 or even 4 systems, it won't work too well.  If you can, good for you but the best thing to do is stick to one system.  If one works good, why would you want to follow 2 or 3 systems?  If you need another system than the one you are working on, that means you dont have confidence in the first one.  And if you don't have confidence in it, it won't work.   Just something I need to share with what I have experienced and read from many other traders.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Bago,

That indicator is the Vegas 1 hr tunnel he is using.   It works wonders.

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Here it is.

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Yep, that's the one.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hi guys,

I'm testing this system and I'm using another tp,besides the vegas tp.

mov(c,60,s)+3*atr(60);

mov(c,60,s)-3*atr(60);

for me these work well

Canados

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
That's great, Canados. As long as they work for you and they're letting you bank pips, they're great!

There is only one set rule with regards to profit - make sure you TAKE PROFITS!!

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
That's a great indicator for sideways movements and for taking profits. With Tp I'm ok.Now I'm looking for filters and avoid false signals

Canados

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
hello. it is better to do the method of Sidus. He is more reliable less false signals

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
USDCHF Trailing Stop hit at 1.2247. In summary:

SELL 3 lots @ 1.2317

TP 1 lot @ 1.2275 (+42)

TP 1 lot @ 1.2250 (+67)

SL hit on final lot @ 1.2247 (+64)

Total: +173

USDCAD trade still open.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Awesome WIZ!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
most pairs are trending well..how do you filter the signals during the sideways movements?for me the RSI is not good enough

Canados

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
G'day Canados,

You hit it on the head. This is not brain surgery. The 5/12 and RSI cross method simply got me in early on a couple of good trends and I rode them home. Taking profits requires a plan. Mine is fibs and price action.

For ranging markets there are pips to be made trading channels. Sometimes this action happens between fib lines, sometimes not. But you can usually identify an upper and lower level that the price is jumping around in. Whether the 1hr TF is appropriate for this remains to be seen.

Please note though, I am not an experienced trader. I'm still demo trading looking for something that suits me and the way I want to trade. I am a work in progress when it comes to trading.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Hey Artarmon,

From what i've seen of your trade, i like!

Just a couple of questions

what pair was this trade based on and on what time frame?

what pairs do you usually trade on and how long have you used this system?

do the settings on the 1hr fib tunnnel need to be changed for the use in these trades?

are your charts based on US EST or some other time zone?

And what mt4 package are you using?

Your answers would be appreciated, so i can apply as far as possible other traders experience to my ongoing learning.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
G'day Paddy,

This particulaer trade was on the USDCHF 1hr TF.

At the moment I will take trades on any of the following: EURGBP, GBPUSD, EURUSD, EURJPY, AUDUSD, USDCAD, USDCHF, USDJPY. However, the ones that have stood out so far have been EURJPY, EURUSD, GBPUSD, USDJPY & USDCHF. In the end, for this type of system we need nicely trending pairs. Some volatility is nice but that can also be the knife in the heart of such a system. I've been testing this for a couple of weeks - I'm still learning, mate.

The vegas 1hr fib settings are for 1hr TF, so they fit in nicely.

I'm using MT4 demo acct at the moment, and I don't think you can change the displayed time. Either way, it's the default settings.

Hope this helps,

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Good morning,

Canados, would you mind to explain what this formula means?

Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Hi JBB,

this is a formula that I found in a book of Jack Schwager.The bands are good res and sup area.The formula explanation is:  60 SMA,then add 3 x the 60 average true range.....substract for the lower band

Canados

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
USDCAD trailing stop hit @ 1.1200. I tightened my stops due to upcoming news. In summary:

SELL 3 lots @ 1.1237

TP 1 lot @ 1.1228 (+9)

TP 1 lot @ 1.1181 (+56)

SL hit on final lot @ 1.1200 (+37)

Total: +102

With today's 2 other closed trades that makes +475 pips for the day...on my demo account.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
where is the mq4 file for the vegas 1 hr tunnel?

canados

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Post #1023 above.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
thanks...I've just installed the platform but I don't know how to create my indicators like the bands above:-(

canados

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
it will do it for you

all you have to do is change risk for each pair

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
is it easy to import new indicators?I verified the mq4 file but it doesn't appear in the indicators window

canados

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
close out MT4  then open it back up again.  That should work

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
not yet :-(...This programming language is not easy

canados

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Try this one. It has ema cross and rsi.

Yardie

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Thanks Yardie. I'll check that out.

I got a signal on the USDJPY to go long so I entered at 115.745. SL of 30 pips. TP is at 116.10 (first fib line above tunnel). I will be taking all profit at this point as, it seems, I will not be awake as this trade plays out.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Just opened a demo account with a broker that uses Metatrader 4.  Can one post the latest Sidus indicator?

thanks...

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Any one getting ready to go long usdchf and short eurusd?

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Betwixt and between 1:30 a.m. and 2:30 am Monday, I paper-traded cable long at 1.8855, based on Sidus' system, using 5,8 wma and 18,28 ema. Haven't gotten to the fib and tunnel stuff (yet).

Low and behold this thing moved in excess of 100 pips! Ordinarily I would have simply bought it "live", but as a newstrader accustomed to 90 second trades, I'll need time to adjust, improvise and dominate the concept of setting trades for the overnight markets and sleeping soundly.

But I must admit, this is a pretty cool supplement for news trading.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
New on this "techie" stuff" but on the cable 1h I see a pin, possibly signaling a short, which seems to be supported by the Sidus method.  If correct, then IMHO shorting EUR/USD and long dollar-swiss would be consistent, I think.  Please feel free to correct me if I missed something.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Moneymaster you are right. But things are a bit clearer on the30 minute. The 1 hour still look a bit longish.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Hey, I don't wanna be carried away here. but..I am one of those mentally handicapped "traders" who was simultanneously using 78 systems at the same time. I was sleeping with stochastics, MACD's and 125 channels. I was changing platforms more often than socks and I couldn't even pronounce the indicators' names. The result was a wiped out budget in the size of Albania, Monte Carlo and Utah combined. I love Utah, btw.

Anyway I read the whole thread, and it looked too good to me. The people too. Now I got really suspicious. Then again what do I know... Blindly followed the 5/9/12 1hour RSI cross and Vegas 1. Again, as I said above I don't wanna get carried away. Made sure that all the criteria are in place including the closed candle. The result: see the attached chart.. Entry yesterday night at 1.2838, out this morning at the third fib at1.2910. Even in NJ that is 71 pips before paying the 780 % in property taxes.

Anyway, thanks to sidus, bago and renasdad for all your help. I will keep studying and hopefully before I hit 85 I will be ready for a live session.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Thanks Yardie,

I'll do that.  Plus I've got quite a bit of reading ahead of me, including rsi, fib ret, Bago, Vegas, Renasdad and the "Gang of Seven".

I was so fascinated reading the James16 thread that I had to read the Sidus thread.  Stimulating material.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
hi all,

i read now through the whole threat and want now convert the 30min/1h strategy into a daily strategy.

There is a simple reason for that. I still haven't the time to babysit the chart all day long, because of work. At a daily timeframe i would be able to take a daily look on every candle. So i wouldn't miss any possibility anymore.

Furthermore i think that i just will getter more pips (of course, in proportion to 1h timeframe)

I think it should be convertible, because all indicators are relative to the candles. So where should be the problem to use it in higher timeframe?

I hope you can help me to convert, because iam not really sure how to do.

I dont know how to change the values.

Thanks in advance.

mike

btw: For your seniors it shouldnt be a problem, i hope

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
lol funny shit

i remember the 20 systems i had on the same chart when i first started. 40 indicators 15 moving averages. i couldnt see price anymore . now just one indicator and most the time none

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Money,

Good to see you joined us.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
TY renasdad.

Good to be here. Thought most of the day traders were into scalping 5-10 pips here and there, but reading James16 and Sidus definitely piqued my interest.

Question.

How long a transition is it before one can sleep at night with open trades??

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
HEHE,  I know.  Getting pretty close with this method of trading though.  The confidence is getting bigger with it.  Couple MAs and fibs from the tunnel and price action.  Simple but very effective.

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
The short signal you are seeing is the retrace of today's big move up. Right now the price has returned to about the 61.8% Fib, a very common move which can be seen in nearly all today's USD pairs. Personally, I would not trade the retrace, as it is against the prevailling uptrend, but rather I'd be more inclined to wait for some consolidation, then look for a long signal and price action to take next move up with the trend.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
what do you mean by "risk per each pair"....stop loss?

thanks

Canados

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
let me know in detail how u improve ,

thanks for update keep it up

mshz

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Sorry Money,

I guess I didn't even read this post.  I would have to disagree with fxgorrila and say yes to you.  Especially if you use the Vegas tunnel.  Thats all I have about it though since there are so many differant ways of people trading this method.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Ok risk for each pair......

This is somewhere in this thread but instead of me being a DIK and telling you to go find it,  I will post em.  Anyone that uses the tunnel, should print this off and have it in front of them until they memorize them.

EURUSD 1and2

GBPUSD 1and3

USDCHF 2

USDJPY 1

AUDUSD 1

USDCAD 2

EURJPY 2

EURGBP 1

I do not have any more for any other pairs.  When you place the indicator on your charts, you will see risk models.   Souble click it and put the right number in there.  For the pairs that need 2, put one indicator on top of the other.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
can't anyone help me at converting (some posts ago)

anyway here another problem.

How do you avoid such fakes?
http://img177.imageshack.us/img177/6296/chartgu7.th.gif

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
thanks

Canados

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
can't anyone help me at converting (some posts ago)

anyway here another problem.

How do you avoid such fakes?
http://img177.imageshack.us/img177/6296/chartgu7.th.gif

btw: only posted it again, because canados did posting at the same time

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
You shouldn't be trading such small moving averages w/o a higher period MA or trendline. If you would add a 55MA (or whatever these folks are using ((I don't trade this system)) to your chart you would see ALL of these trades were AGAINST the major trend.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
I bet you are using 30 minute charts arent you?  I also bet you aren't using the Vegas tunnel either.  If I am correct about one of these questions, then you know my answer.

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
You have already gone to the trouble of putting RSI on your charts so why not use it? If you had, you would not have taken half the trades listed as RSI never crossed below 50 to go short.

Also, read the first page where Sidus has a pdf listed of his method. It will help you to add on the two lagging moving averages and then only take a trade once the 5/12 has crossed the 18/28.

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Yeah,

I shorted cable "live" at 1.8955 around 11:20 am today (Monday); current bid is around 1.8940. Only problem was I missed the post about SL of 15 is too close; got stopped out around noon. Don't really care because I'm glad the "short" read was a good read at that point.

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Hi everybody I am new

I know SIDUS only tested his method on two specific pairs, but what do you guys think about the EUR/AUD ?

To me it looks like it is getting ready for a major SHORT action.

It is at very high levels anyways, plus I already see some crossings there. The RSI is also touching the line.....interesting play IMO.

Bye

Future

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
thanks for reply.

I know what you think renasdad, that i have no idea and that i want to make money as fast as possible. But thats not true.

I dealed a lot with it and read all documents.

1.Ok you said that you're sure that i use 30min timeframe. Yes, i do, shouldnt i?

I use the boga/sidus method like it is described here:
http://www.freewebs.com/sidusmethod/method.html

2. Sure, i use vegas 1h. But what has the v1h to do with entry points? I thought only 30min 5/12ema rsi21 are important for entry.

imbiber, iam not wrong, you are wrong; all down arrows are correct. If you zoom into rsi, you will see that the rsi line is beneath the 50lvl-line.

Furthermore i dont know what you mean with "adding the two moving averages". I added all mas as described in the link above. And isnt it right to say that you first enter when bogas system becomes "active" and then go on with sidus/vegas methods?

Thank you for your already posted and hopefully yet forthcoming comments.

Greetings

mike

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Hi,

Thanks to everyone for posting (especially those people who pop'd on and said "Hey this sort of looks like this, go read xyz").

Also, could someone kindly point me in the right direction to setting up an EA in the MT4 software.  I have been having a hard time getting that started.  (I did get the EMA and WMA's all set up and moving right along..)

kind regards,

H. Bart

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...achmentid=6866

Read the PDF in the first post of this thread. You must add the 18/28 exponential moving average as these are very much an integral part of the Sidus method.

I don't follow or use the bago method. What I do is when the 5 crosses the 12 I take note but do not enter. I then see if the 5 and the 12 are going to cross the 18 and 28. If they do cross up and are above the 100 EMA I go long and vice versa for short. I do bend the rules from time to time though on the 100 EMA.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
The indicator.

Coyan

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
imbiber, thank you. Am i right to say that you use 1h and that you only go buy when all emas are above the 100 ema and vice versa for short?

renasdad, bango, you use a slightly different method. What do you think is better at yours and why? Could you in detail write what you do other, because iam somehow a bit confused now. It seems that i put many strategies together

Thank you all.

-Mike

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
I actually use the 30 minute chart and normally only buy when the 12 EMA crosses the 28 EMA above the 100 EMA as this, to me, is a very strong sign of a new trend but I will take a long trade sometimes if the 12 cross of the 28 is below the 100, just depends.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
I can tell you how I did it. Open the code in the editor and save it as...(name) to program files/strategyfxbuilder(or metatrader,depends what version did you download)/expert advisors/indicator. Then close the platform and reopen. I should be in the custom indicators.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Okay, enuf already!!!

Long cable on paper last night; 100 pips by the morning. Later in the morning, went short on retracement at 1.8955 (but stopped out due to dumb insufficient 15 pip stop loss). A more reasonable sl of 35, and the short is still running, just now touched 1.8920.

And since 34 is a fib, seems like a good place to TP (that I missed because of the 15 pip sl).

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
1.8895 at 6:25 pm eastern.!! Unbelieveable.  I would have taken profit 25 pips too soon!!!

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Other than Money, did anyone else take that trade earlier?  67 pips so far on eurusd and 91 pips on usdchf.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Hello Future,

I'm currently testing THE ORIGINAL Sidus methodology on ALL pairs. Yesterday there were 6 entries based on the method.

GBPUSD long (EURUSD also)

GBPCHF short (which ended up turning around)

USDJPY short (which ended up turning around)

USDCHF short

USDCAD short (which ended up turning around)

GPBJPY long

ALL TRADES WENT POSITIVE.

As for the EURAUD, i've been stalking the pair for the last few days. If you look at the daily or 4H chart, you can see gorgeous PREDICTABLE oscillations. You're right, we appear to be at the top of such an oscillation now. If it follows it's previous pattern, it could be a 250 to 300 pip tankage.

There is a negative divergence on the hourly MACD too. Looking for MA crosses on the 1H for an entry.

best,

forexpips

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
For anyone that was watching this trade, I will post this for Artamon since he is sleeping right now.  This was a +111 pip trade.  He totalled 586 pips for the day.

Awesome WIZ!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Thanks Tim. In summary:

BUY 3 lots USDJPY @ 115.74

TP hit @ 116.10

Total: +108

Total over 4 trades today:  + 581

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
You are awake.  I'll have to check. Sorry wiz

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
I have to say this thread is ON FRIGGIN' FIRE!!!!! This has to be one of the best threads ever!

A few things... ART, YOUR A MONSTER!!! You better go live, your losing a ton of money trading on a demo! So you trade the 1 hr... Do you trade only at the Vegas tunnel or when the 5/12 cross no matter where the Vegas tunnel is?

Renasdad, do you trade the same way as Art?

Money Master... You seem to be picking this method up quickly! I use Fibs too... They are a major part of my trading!!

Looks like we have a winner here!!!!!

P.S.  An EA will NEVER work for this system!!!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
G'day all,

The following trades were signalled by the system but because I was asleep as they occurred (approx 2-4 hrs ago) I haven't taken the trades, but I will document them. SL is 30 pips.

AUDUSD short @ 0.7620

TP1 @ 0.7595

TP2 @ 0.7575

TP3 and exit @ 0.7555

EURUSD short @ 1.2870

TP1 @ 1.2835

TP2 @ 1.2795

TP3 and exit @ 1.2775 (the euro has been bouncing off Vegas tunnel the last few times, so chances are high we may get stopped out - maybe a tighter trailing stop is in order as it gets closer to the tunnel.)

USDCHF long @ 1.2272

TP1 @ 1.2300

TP2 and exit @ 1.2360

These are just my thoughts. These are NOT trade recommendations.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Bago,

You are right, this thread is on fire,  money is catching on very quickly,and EA would never work for this to trust to go live with BUT it would show us when every trade would be taken and we could see what doesnt work.  And yes,  Artomon and I trade  EXACTLY  the same way.   We use the tunnel for taking our trades and we use the tunnel  to stay out of trades.  When we go live, we will open trades before the cross happens.

Bago, like I said before, come chat with us.

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Oh boy, it won't let go ! At one point it seemed as if it was ready to drop, at around 7 pm maybe, then it went back up. The 21 RSI is flirting a lot with the 50 line. I think it will happen overnight, as most of my good trades lately.

Let's see

Future

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Yeah, blasted Europeans have all the FUN !!!

Take a look at the EURCAD 1H.

Twice before it has bounced off the vegas tunnel and made higher highs. Right now it's just sitting on the tunnel. I've taken a long with a tight stoploss just below the tunnel at 1.4370.

What do you think?

regards,

forexpips

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
G'day Bago,

Mate, I am soooooo far off trading live, I know there's an opening at the end of the tunnel, but i'm still way way off in the dark!  But that's for the comments.

I trade the 1hr and use Vegas fibs for TP's but I do pay attention to where the price is and has been in the past in relation to tunnel. If it's stalled at the tunnel previously, I'd be inclined to take more profit off the table there and tighten the stops. If it break thru, great. If not, well, no biggie. But, yeah tunnel and outer fibs show me a lot about the price.

I totally agree that an EA will never work for this system. You'd be leaving way too many pips on the table...I just want to forward test one along with manual testing to compare.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Between Cable and Sidus's method it's like they just asked me if I wanted free money.

Currently short the Euro at 1.2871 and short the cable at 1.8904 (allthough it seems like it's hittting some support at the 100 EMA.)

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
imbiber, check my last post in my journal.  It is right on the Vegas tunne also.

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
I just saw that post in your journal. I should probably tighten my stop. Earlier when I posted I don't take trades into the 100 EMA I should have followed my own advice. Especially when it's on the Vegas tunnel. I just loaded up the Vegas indicator you posted earlier. Looking forward for more confluence.

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Artamon you need to report net pips not leveraged pips which could be a bit deceiving.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Could you explain the difference?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
i have a suit concerning renasdad/artamon, bago and moneymaster.

You seem to have the best results and iam still trying to find the best settings by trying different mas. Would you three /four, but renas and artas are the same) mind to post yours?

Thank you very much in advance.

Greetings mike

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Hi,

I'll take a shot at it.

Suppose you traded one lot (mini, micro, or standard) of the GBPUSD, and made 30 pips.

That would 30 pips total correct? 30*1 lot = 30 (THIS IS NET PIPS)

Now if you traded 5 lots, making a profit of 30 pips (on each lot), you would make a total of 150 pips. That's 30*5 lots = 150. (THIS IS LEVERAGED PIPS)

Net pips are more indicative of the movement of the pair that was captured. Hope this helps.

regards,

forexpips

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
That would be it. Thirty pips is always thirty pips, it's just that some times those thirty pips are worth more than other times (like 3x as much in this scenario).

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
That is exactly hoe we are doing it.   If I opened a trade with 2 lots and the pair went +30 pips, I would say 60 pips.  If the pair went -30 on 2 lots, I would say -60.  This is how we do it cause we would trade differant size amounts sometimes.  If we have 3 TPs on 1 trade, we have one lot for the first TP.  Then we hit out second TP with our second lot.  Then our third lot with our third TP.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Renasdad,

Is that Vegas Tunnel indicator only good on the 1 HR, or can it be used on the 30 min as well??

Also... How do we chat?

Bago

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Mike,

5 EMA

12 EMA

Vegas Tunnel

That is all I use for MAs

for indicators,

RSI(21) with a level 50

That's it.

If you would like for me to explain it, I wll.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
RENASDAD & ART,

Please each of you post exactly how you trade. I think it will help all here to understand the exact method... I'm not even pulling in the pips per day you are! I'd like to see how to improve my game...

Maybe with your posts we can set an exact way to trade this system!!

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Ok,

I can do that one more time.  Anyone reading my journal should know how I am doing it.  I will post here one more time how I am doing it.

It is a little discretionary though, always remember that.  Me and Art chat alot and we help each other to either take a trade or encourage each other to stay out and we both look at each others ideas to see what should be done.  So, the results for others may not be like ours.

1 hr charts only.  5/12 cross, RSI/50 cross, Vegas 1 hr Tunnel.  Risk models change depending on which pair is being traded.

We also use the emacrosswithrsi(3) indicator provided by Peterdxb.  That is only there to show when the price has crossed and the RSI has crossed.  We take trades at the outter fib line of the Vegas Tunnel or we take trades very close to the tunnel.  That is where the discretion comes in.  Anyone can see when the crosses happen.   The hard part is which ones to take.  Take a 4 hr chart and zoom way out as far as possible and see what price has done in the past.  Some times you can make a trade 3-4 hrs before the crosses have happened by the fib lines and the trend.

Questions are welcome.  I'll do my best answering them.

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Valid point, Yardie. But, it's elementary maths and it's there for all to see.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
G'day Bago,

Ren has explained the system so I won't repeat it. However, let's not get beyond the fact that it's just over a couple of days that these pips came in. Well, for me anyway. Does the system show potential? I think so. Will it work long term? Won't know til I try it. I'm a noob but I'm trying things.

And all this net/leveraged pips stuff. I can see the point of it for new people to FX, but I'm doing this for me.

Cheers,

Art..

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
G'day all,

This trade went nowhere and actually reversed and I got a signal to go long so I would've exited trade @ 0.7625 for a net loss of 5 pips (-15).

I have a question for the more knowledgable amongst us - because I didn't take this trade I can't verify it, but if i went short @ 0.7620 and exited @ 0.7625, would the loss be 5 pips + spread or is the spread factored in? This has me confused now.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Art,

It depends on how your broker has his or you have your bid/ask lines set.  Most of the time, I add the spread to a loss, just to be safe.

For anyone interested, this is Art's usdjpy trade if he would have set his TP for the fib lines.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
I want to explain something about how I placed those lines cause I know there are some out there wondering.  I place the lines according to the fib lines when the trade was open.  I always put the TP -1 or -2 from the fibs to be safe.  Also, if you notice, the fib lines have moved away from where the original TP was at the beginning of the trade.  A person can adjust the TP as the tunnel  cllimbs/falls.  When going against the major trend, the conservative approach would be to move the lines with the fibs.   When going with the trend, the conservative approach would be to leave the lines where they are.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
We have news in 13 minutes.  Anyone with trades open that would be effected by the news, now would be a good time to tighten stops if you are in profit.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Hi Renasdad

You mentioned that the Vegas risk model you use depends on the pair being traded.  I looked back at the Vegas 1Hr tunnel stuff and couldn't find these levels, although they were published for the 4Hr method.  Can you tell me what values you use for the common pairs?

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
post # 1064

they are there.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Dear everyone in this thread,

I love trade which pairs are not direct to USD such as : EUR/GBP, EUR/JPY, EUR/CHF, . . . bacause we have three charts to see and confirm strength trend.

For example, we will see EUR/USD, USD/JPY to confirm trend again to trade EUR/JPY.

May be we late sometime, but we nearly never lose. What do you think about this?

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
chucuio,  could you explain a bit more?  I kinda understand what you are saying but would like a little more explination if you could.  Thank you

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Hi,

Just a couple of questions:

do you know the risk models for gbp jpy, and aus usd using the vegas 1hr indicator?

And where can i get the indicator for emacrosswithrsi(3) indicator provided by Peterdxb?

And another thing i ight have missed this from previous posts but where can i go view your journal to see more examples of how this method is implemented

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...ead.php?t=7050

here is the link.

AUDUSD risk model is 1 although you can put a 2 on it too it price gets outside the outter fibs alot

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
First TP hit @ 1.2835 (+35) - Stopped moved to 1.2870.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
G'day all,

I don't think this thread should be hijacked by ppl like me posting trades. For this reason, I'll start a thread in journal and post there.

If an admin wants to move this stuff it might be a good idea...upto you..I ain't fussed either way.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
OK, so right now the EUR/USD 1HR..... Price just bounced off the tunnel. How are you trading this???

Are you waiting for a cross on the 1hr 5/12 to go long or what?

Thanks,

Bago

Just trying to get a feel for the Vegas 1hr.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
We're waiting.  Art has one let left open short right now.  I am sitting on the side.  I would wait for a cross this time.  We are looking into getting back in once price has "blasted" through the tunnel.  That is something we are studying.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Mike,

Please be advised I'm a fundamentalist newstrader, just now experimenting with TA as an option to use for those times when news is slow, like this week. The other guys are the technical experts. So with that caveat, I'm using 5, 12, 18, 28 all exponential moving averages; rsi 21, based on 50 and fib numbers for take profit.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Sorry, what news ? I don't see anything on the calendar for 10 am et....

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
This news happened at  7:00 AM EST.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
I am very confident with this method of trading.  We will be demoing this method for the next 3 months at least.  We want to figure out everything to look for and what to watch out for.  It is hard though to stay in deom with these kind of results.  BUT that is the responsible thing to do.    When Art and I post trades, please do not take our trades on a live account.  Results could be spectacular for a month and then the next month it could be terrible.  That is why at least 3 months of demoing.  Possibly 6 months.  We will decide that when the time comes.    I have been demoing/studying/live trading for quite a while now.  This is by far the best system for me as of yet.  Let's see if it stays that way.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Good morning traders. Wow I missed a lot of action last night. Too bad I have to sleep.

Looks like this thread may cross the 100,000 views mark today or tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Hi,

Only my 2nd post on this forum, Sidus method is really working great! You might want to add it to USD/CHF to the system has worked well for me. Caught 2 of the last 3 signals for some nice profit. I am using a 20 - 25 pip stop on the 3 markets USD/CHF, EUR/USD, EUR/GBP I am running the system on and moving it to 15 pips once in profit then using a trailing stop once the market moves in my favor. You did get stopped out of some runs but risk is much more manageable. I am up over 300 pips this month using Sidus system.

Funny thing is I am down over 300 for a system I pay $147 for their signals! The last 5 losing trades with the system I pay monthly fee to for Sidus system as called them losers before entering. Sidus said market was moving one way the "pro" signals said the opposite. Thanks Sidus love the system, it is really working.

Only problem is having to sleep or not be at the computer.

I imagine there are some smart guys out there that could write some sort mathematically formula that would move with the market and give the up coming project cross over points? I actually have done this manually with simple math within 5 or 10 pips then put in a entry order before going to bed and it has worked twice now but that was with real rough math. Sure someone out their smarter then me could figure this out.

May the Pips be with you!

Gerald - fullauto

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Hello to you all, I have been a member of this forum for a few weeks now and have been studying the SIDUS, VEGAS and other systems. What a friendly forum and great participation.

I like the SIDUS with the VEGAS variation. Looking forward to more of this good stuff.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Money Ma$ter,

I am active on other forums but read here on a regular basis (This is my first post on FF so I hope I haven't broke any rules)...

I noticed that you said you are using FIB levels for exit. I use Murrey Math levels for taking profit around a tough S/R level and find them very accurate and good for safe entry as well. I will attach three of them and all are for MT4. If you don't use MT4 you can get a free demo download at www.strategybuilderfx.com with no expiration date on it, but there are many sites that allow you to use it for free so do a search if you don't like the above.

1. MMLevels_VG -This one has "wider" S/R lines and works good for longer term trading (Trading off the 4hr charts).

2. 8376-better... -I mainly use this one. It gives good exit/entry points and it will show different S/R lines on the shorter timeframes than the longer timeframes. I like the levels on the 1hr mainly.

3. Murrey Math Lines F -This one is a little easier on the eyes (dotted lines), and you can use this one to back test.

So if you want to back test use only the Murrey Math Lines F as the others won't be good for a back test but work great when trading with them in real time.

FYI- When I am getting ready to enter a position I look to see where the S/R levels are and usually wait for the trend to break past the closest line if price is close and it hasn't already done so. The best is when you get an entry with your chosen system and the price has just broke below/above a S/R level. You will see that this will not only help with exit, but works great for safe entry as well (If using a tight stop this is even more important).

*You can use these when placing stops as well.  I use them and place my stop above/below a MM level by about 6 pips and find it works much better than just placing a random 25-35 pip stop.

Anyway, I hope this will help to improve your profit! I am 90% F/A (news trading) trader as well so I understand where you are coming from. Also, thanks for all your posts on news trading!

Mike

***Once you have MT4 installed here is how you use them...

1. Copy these indicators. Right click on the start menu and go to "Explore"- Then click on the folder called "programs" - Then scroll down to the MT4 program and click on it -Then look for the folder named "experts" and click on it- Then you will see a folder within that one called "indicators"... Paste them in there and then restart MT4 before using.

To apply them to a chart get a chart loaded and then go to the indicators tab and use the "custom" indicators dropdown. Click on the Murrey Math indicator you want to apply. You will not need to change any settings as they are ready to use.

Like I said before I like using them on the 1hr or 4hr chart, but use what works best for you're trading style. I know the above instructions may be common knowledge for you so sorry if that's the case!

***I am not the coder of these and do not take any credit for them. They work very well and were written by someone in a different forum.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Finally !!!! The EUR/AUD finally went down !!!! I knew it was going to happen at night....I made a "demo- killing" on that one.

For the record, I only use the 1H chart, and I look at 5/12 ema and 18/28 ema together with RSI 21...

Anyone doing anything differently ?

Is anyone still using the original SIDUS which involved 5/8 wma and then the 18/28 emas ?

Future

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
I hope you don't put yourself down because you think everyone else here is smarter than you.  On the contrary we are here because we want to learn.  The guy who thinks he's a genius is the loser in forex.

Your humility is appreciated, but you'll get more appreciation if you share your calculations with everyone.  Someone is bound to benefit from your work no mater how simple it may seem to you.  After all, aren't we glad Sidus shared his system which we find to be.... simple.

Let's see your calculations.

K.I.S.S.

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
My wife calls me demo. My third wife. I am also considering to rename my cat Fibonacci to Demonacci.It took me 2 divorces to stick for a while with demo.

Had two nice demo results today with USDCHF and EURJPY.USDCHF in at 1.2271 and out at the second Vegas fib. Screwed up with GBPUSD, went long against the trend. Had to wipe up the keyboard from blood. I did download from the MT4 library a trend indicator that puts me in place. Renasdad thank you for your charts, they definitely beat cocaine.

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
My wife says that I'm a contestant...  I've been trading the Sidus and Bago for a while now, and have had good results so far.  I have to be cautious since I don't have a big account and can't keep my risk where it needs to be, but have survived so far.  Getting better and better.  I started with a live account.  Now I've joined James16.  USD/JPY  getting ready!!!

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
I like the way that method seemed to avoid the whipsaws so I'm currently still using the original Sidus method. I have MT4 email me whenever the 12 ema crosses the 28 ema then I decided to take the trade or not.

Edit - I use the 5/12 not the 5/8 so I guess I don't use the original method.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
G'day all,

Having MT4 email you is a great tool if you're near a PC.

Is there a service that can send an SMS based on MT4 alerts?

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Your carrier can provide you with a mobile email address. Seeing as we are from the same part of the planet, PM me, and i'll get you more info.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
http://www.flurrymail.com/

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
imbiber,

Do you mean to wait for the 18 ema to cross the 28 ema or did I miss something from the original Sidus method? Do you still use the 5 and 12 EMA and the 18 and 28 LWMA?

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
I have asked this question before.  But does anybody know anything about the Vantage Point Software.  That forecasts currency movement up to four days in advance with 80% accuracy?  It has links on many of the forex web sites.

Tom

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
I enter short when the 12 EMA crosses down through the 28. Attached is a trade I just took. I entered on the second bar from the last.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
imbiber,

Why didnt you enter 8 bars from the left?  Looks like price was under the tunnel there too.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Hmm maybe I have been slow to enter on all of my trades. I thought the 12 had to pass the 28 for a valid entry. I have missed a lot of pips no doubt by entering later.

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
I just went through every post on this thread..started about 3 hours ago??? Now, to search for where Bagovino's method starts....

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
No, maybe my bad.  I didn't read your post correctly now that I look at it closer.  I don't know for sure how that goes though with the 18/28.

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
The way I trade the sidus is when I first see the 5 cross the 12 I take note and then I enter if the 12 crosses through the 28 as in the second candle on my chart. That's the way I understood the method but maybe I'm wrong?

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Not sure man.  Once the 5/12 and RSI/50 came out, that is what I went with.  I got whipped out of enough 30 min. charts, I switched to 1 hr charts and havent looked back.

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Yeah I trade the 30 as I didn't want to miss the begining of a new trend but your right about getting whipped. It's happening to me right now in the USD/JPY. I should I switch over to the one hour.

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Imbiber,

I see you use the Emaalert2. I don't recall seeing it in the thread (but again so many indicators, etc have been posted). My understanding of the Sydus method was...first wait for the red tunnel to cross and look what side the 5 & 8 EMAs are and open a position on the same side. Here are Sidus's instructions:

Entry Signals! You should only open a position, when the red tunnel is extremly narrow or crossed !

LONG: 5 WMA & 8 WMA cross the red tunnel upwards.

If the 5 WMA also crosses the 8 WMA upwards, then the signal is extra strong.

SHORT: 5 WMA & 8 WMA cross the red tunnel downwards.

If the 5 WMA also crosses the 8 WMA downwards, then the signal is extra strong.

Have I missed something?

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Sidus

this sounds like a good idea... I back tested it on VtTrader and it seems to work (although VT backtesting leaves much to be desired). I seem to find the most success with GBP/JPY as it is not as extremely volitile as most other pairs and usually trends (I also like it because I use 1day timeframes so that I only need to check it out once). What I do is use the WMA crosses to signal my exit points, but ONLY EXIT POINTS (for profit). I may re-enter a trade as the WMAs realign, but only if they are on the right side of the EMAs. I only open opposing trades once the WMAs cross the EMAs, as sidus suggests. Seems to look and work great on gbp/jpy as I said.

I included a pic shot of my Vt Trader for easier understanding.

Does anyone else do this and at what timeframe and which cross???

Any more suggestions??

Oh and Sidus, great yet simple system... A+++++++++

Dejonese

PS: Please excuse my VT 'dot' enviroment... the graphing s more acurate that way... just pretend they are lines.

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
At times I feel that the 18 and 28 emas are a little bit too conservative...you miss a lot of PIPS before they cross in most cases.....has anyone tried lowering them down ?

I am currently experimenting with it, trying to make them a little bit more sensitive, but not too much......

Future

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
I only got one person that replied to this.  Is anyone doing this?  So many people following this method.  I know there are many differant ways and "tweaks"  people have done.  Is anyone actually keeping track?  If not, that is not a good thing.  I am not posting this for my benefit.  I am doing it for everyones benefit.  You take notes on your trades, SL/TP/Time of open/signal.  Do all that stuff and then once the TP is hit or the SL is hit, you take notes on what made that trade work or didn't work.  If you guys are just taking a trade and it worked, and you have no notes to look at to see why you took that trade, you won't know what worked.  If you take a trade and no notes and that trade doesn't work, you won't know why it didn't work.  Then after the week, you go back over your trades and see what went wrong on certain trades and see if there is a pattern.  If one thing keeps popping up, you drop it.   For those of you who think you don't need to take notes, you are wrong.  I used to think like that too.  And for the people that don't want to cause it is too much work or just don't feel like it, then I don't feel sorry for you when you don't understand why this doesn't ever work right.   Please start taking notes if you want to improve you method of trading.  It will only help you.  Imagine having 6 months worth of notes based on one method of trading.  Or after that first 6 months of taking notes and "tweaking", you have 5 yrs of notes.  That is a gold mine of info.  If you think I am full of BS, that's ok.  I know how you feel, I used to think like that.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Mike, by reading that link, yes, I do things differently now.  Things have been changed since I wrote that up.  I would be willing to write something new up again if you would like me to.  I don't know how to go there and delete that and do a new one.  I do not look at 30 minute charts anymore.  Only 1 hr charts and every once and a while a 4 hr chart to see what the trend is and where price is in relation  to the trend.

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
renasdad,

I’m not sure you will get a clear answer from anyone on this thread for the reason that there are too many variants of the Sidus method going. I have suggested to come up with a recap of the system so we all get on the same page and progress together. Eventually, it will be done and as soon as Sidus comes up with version 2.0, we will get back to square one. The Sidus website is a great start but I thing this thread should regroup as one another is guessing what the other guy is doing. What would you suggest we do in order to get on the same page? Some are still using the original version while others (including myself) are not sure if they should use EMA or WMA, on what time frame, etc... I also believe the latest indicators should be reposted for the lastest version, etc...

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
I am demoing the system starting today.

Right now, I have both GBP and NZD signals.  Will try to post the details a little bit later.

Ken

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
EUR EMA's just crossed, waiting for the RSI(21) confirmation!

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Well, when there are so many differant ways of trading this method,  I see no way of everyone getting on the same page.  I know what is working for me  and a few others are starting to PM me for certain things involved with the way Artomon and I trade.  I think we just let the thread keep going the way it is because of the many differant variations.  Sidus start this thread with 4 MAs and thats it.  Look at what happened.  If Sidus comes out with version 2, do you think everyone will start to just trade that?  Maybe most of us would check into it but, the same thing will happen if he does post a version 2.  I don't see a point in waiting for it either.  Although it would be pretty cool to see.  Why not take the info here in the 1,100 or so posts and make a method out of what is here.    I think the freewebs website that liquid11 made looks very promising.  The only thing is, I have chatted with him a couple times and I know he is very busy.   I told him he shouldn't feel obligated to doing it.  When he has the time to do it then go for it.  I would like to do a write up on how Art and I are trading though but, I am not gonna do it in this thread cause I have done it a few times and then it gets lost in with all the other posts.  I know what to be looking for in how we trade but, it is a bit difficult to put words on paper.  When I do it next time, it will be one that is etched in stone and will not get lost.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Hey Renasdad

When You get around to doing it, may I suggest you place it at the top of your journal, that way nobody get confused.

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Took the signal long GBP/USD @ 1.8895. 5/12 then RSI conformation. 30 pip S/L.

1 Hour fibs (and tunnel) for TP.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
I have some of what I do at the beginning of my journal but, I can't edit it anymore.  You can only edit a post within 24 hrs of posting.  The only way I could do it is ask a moderator to do the editing for me.  Let me see what I can do.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
lets see what happen!!!

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
I am at work right now but, the way I remember, you guys could be in for a nice ride this morning if you got in.  Also, that pinbar I posted on the usdchf,  OOH!!

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Closed 1/3 postion for 30 pips. Moved S/L to B/E.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
Took the long signal at 0.7638, S/L at 20 pips (0.7618).First lot out after 10 pips, moved the stop to B/E. the second lot sold at the first Vegas fib.(0.7660)  (+10,+22). Better safe than breaking another monitor.

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Anyone thinking about shorting gbpusd?

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
What's your short signal?the fib level of Vegas?

Canados

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Yes it is a fib.  Look at the chart in my journal.   A picture is worth a thousand words.  I didn't take that trade though.  But, I am showing how poewrful the Vegas tunnel is.

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
You are right...It's a very good level for opening short positions...Very Very interesting.

p.s. where is your journal?

Canados

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Here you go.  I will be getting a moderator to edit my first post cause I'd like to change a couple things and make it a bit better.

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...ead.php?t=7050

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
What a gooooood level.Since now I'll short when price reaches it

Are the Vegas levels calculated as follow?:

the median price between 144 and 169 EMAs + 55,89 and 144 pips?

Canados

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
renasdad,

Would you be interested in posting your settings from scratch (like Sidus did) with indicators, etc… and your reasoning behind it so members could make suggestions with back/forward testing so we can fine tuned the system and incorporate Sidus II when it comes out. I don’t thing there is much more that can be done to perfect this system. So, it is a question of fine tuning it now and with some of our members experience it should not take too long. That should make a strong base for everyone to refer to. What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Hi Canados,

Here you can find all of the info required to tunnel trade. It's Vegas' website:

www.tunneltrading.com (GO TO THE DOWNLOADS SECTION)

regards,

forexpips

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
thanks....I'd like to put the formula in mestastock

canados

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Is it just me or did anyone notice cable considerably below its 365 ema?  CNBC just mentioned Iran is ready to announce it has become a nuclear power and that the west is ready to package sanctions.  Just a little fundie info for the techs.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
I have been up for about 40 hrs now.  When I get to work tonight, I will get something written up when I am woke up and talk to a moderator and have it put in the 1st post of my thread.  If I put it here, it is gonna get lost and noone will be able to find it in a week cause it gets buried.  It would be best to have it in an easy place to find.  I would also like it in my  first post.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Thanks for the info Money Ma$ter...Iran + Nukes = chaos....

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Took profits at 1 hour fibs.

1/3 at 1.8959 - 64 pips.

1/3 at 1.8987 - 92 pips.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
I don't know about you guys, but I feel that contrary to what SIDUS suggested, this method is not always that good for EUR/USD, since the pair moves very irregularly at times with short cycles.

However, I do feel that with his other pair of choice, the EUR/GBP, his method works wonders, 'cause it has more regular, smooth and longer cycles than the EUR/USD.

When you look at SIDUS' original pdf file on page one and you look at his examples on charts, the difference is obvious. He uses 1 example with the EUR/USD (1st chart) and 3 examples with the EUR/GBP.

You can see the example on the EUR/USD chart that most of the times the entry and exit signals of the 18/28 ema's are very delayed. This happens because the EUR/USD movements do not last long enough.

But when you look at the EUR/GBP examples, the entry and exit signals give you plenty of time to ride the trade with profits, as a result of the pair having longer cycles.

Now, you could say that on the EUR/USD all you need is the 5/12 ema crossing to alert you...but I am sure you had the chance to notice that many times such crossing can be reversed very quicly in the exact opposite direction.

As a result I started to look for pairs that I feel have longer/smoother cycles that could work good better with SIDUS's method, and those are:

AUD/JPY

EUR/AUD

EUR/GBP

GBP/CHF

Let me know what you guys think.

Future

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Thanks MrFuture,

Do you only use the original Sidus method? Have you back tested them?

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Thank you MrFuture,you're right...on EUR/GBD the system works well

Canados

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Ok, I tried as much as I can to read as much as I can, I spent like 2 1/2 h on computer reading most of 12 hundred posts. I would be very grateful if someone would summarize (at least until we get Sidus v2.0) about what system is used at the moment. By the way, thank to all of you guys out there who make this possible.<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o></o>

<o></o>

Regards

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
fastbusiness,

Some members on this thread are working on it. Be patient.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
G'day fastbusiness,

If you've been through this thread then you must've seen summaries of what people are doing with this. There's a couple of different variants being traded and also a couple of threads in the journal forum.

It is a lot to read, especially if you've just discovered FF or this thread. But, it is well worth your time and effort to go through it and understand it.

And just a general comment re all the posts about Sidus v2.0. Yes, I will also have a look at it (if/when it is posted) but why aren't people focusing their efforts on what's currently here, rather on some elusive update to a system that already works!

Humans are amazing creatures...

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Art is so right guys.  I have thought about this but just didn't know how to say it.    It will take a long time to read through this thread.  If you want something bad enough, you will do whatever it takes to get it.   If you just got done reading this whole thread and you still need to ask what is the strategy some are using, then you should have either taken notes, printed the good posts off, or go back to page 1 and read it all over again.

And with all the info in this 1,200 posts,  why would someone even sit around ans wait for version 2 of the original system?  It hasn't made sense to me why so many are waiting for it.   Of course, I will read it when/if it comes out but, I aint holding my breath.  I take what info I have now and use that to do what I am doing.

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
I follow the method listed in the first post of this thread on the 30 min charts.

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Hi Renasdad,

I know you originally posted this one a few days back.

Where do i get this mtfchannel indicator?

Does it have any setting for specific time frames?

Have you found it to be at least some of the time useful as a part of the vegas, 5/12 cross, RSI (21) 50 cross setup?

And would you be able to post examples another example of its successful application?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Paddy,

I do not have any other examples of what I was talking about with that mtfchannel and vegas tunnel and price all lining up.  The reason for that is because the channels change and shift with the price when new highs and lows are created so, it would be kind of hard to do.  That is something that needs to be caught in real time on a chart and saved and then posted.

As for where the indicator is, I will go through the thread a little bit and look for it for you.  If you want it right now, I would have to say it is around page 40 or 50.  Let me check once.  Now that you bring up that post of mine, I should start looking at that channel indicator again and see how it would help me.  I kind of forgot about it for a while there so, thank you.   Now, off looking for that indicator.

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
post 962  you can find it.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
I have sent most of the info to the a moderator.  When he gets time, he will post my rules in my thread.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Please provide the link to your thread.  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Hi,

do you know where i can find the EA?

Many Thanks in advance.

Ed

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Hey did anybody else get screwed on Eur/Usd using the sidus system this morning.  It was playing out to be a good trade, then it just turned around on me.  I use a pivot point system to confirm trades and it also confirmed the trade.  I am not sure what happened, maybe it was the decline in new homes.  Anybody have any way to avoid trades like this in the future?

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
@EMM7ERSON

I also got scewed (fortunately I'm demo trading... hehe). I just have to say that I'm using Sindus v1.0 form his first post. If you look in the past few weeks there was a lot of good oportunities to make some nice pips. But today something realy went wrong. This is pretty simple system and it works best when market is trending and there is no big news around.

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
There were several EUR announcements between 8.00 and 10.00AM European Time.  I would stay out of the market at these times.

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Also, the price spiked at the announcement. Is that where you got in?

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...ead.php?t=7050

I have closed this thread so noone can post in it so it only has charts in it.

Anyone that has questions about the charts I post,  ask them here and then I will ahswer then.   I just don't want it to have alot of things messing up the charts.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Everyone must realize no system is 100%.  This signal you are talking about was a good signal.  There was alot of support that was in the way of this going higher though.  audusd, and usdchf were also bad signals today.  That's part of trading.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
I would just like to point out, look at the news coming out for the rest of the week.  It would be wise to either not take any positions or plan on them not being open very long.

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
renasdad,

Thank you for your input. I see you gave a lot of exemples on your charts. Would it be possible to list the currencies you are trading. I never used the Vegas tunnel before. I look forward to the indicators.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Right at the moment, I  am trading all the pairs to see what results I get with each one.  I have no idea right now which ones I will trade with when I go live.  Maybe I will trade them all when I know everything to look for.

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Ok, everything in the journal thread looks to be the way it should be.  I have my basic rules and the indicators I use.  Noone can post in the thread cause I closed it.  I will post charts there, sometimes with explination and sometimes not.  If anyone has questions, ask them here.  If I leave it open for discussion in that thread, it will be alot more diffucult for people to look at the charts.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Where can I find the pdf for the TIGA ABDUL method?

I am a newbie looking for a good system to trade.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Rick, if you are a newbie, I would not suggest starting with TIAG ABDUL.  That would require alot of scalping IMHO.  If you haven't read through the whole thread, I would suggest doing that first.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
It is true I am a newbie to forex but I have had extensive experience trading stocks.

Where can I find the indicators for the "Sidus Method"?

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Well, it all depends on which one you want.  There are many many variations of this on this thread.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
I printed out the pdf on page 1...is that the best version?

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
That is what got this whole thing started.

This link is the link to my journal.  That is what fits me best.  Others are using other things.

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...ead.php?t=7050

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
What is the WMA?

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Weighted Moving Average

it is just a differant form of an MA

EMA

Exponential Moving Average

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Hi Fellow Forex Traders.

Although I am new to this site, I am not new to this system and have traded it successfully for a long time. This system is the best system I have ever traded and it brings me excellent daily results.

My system is the basic system, simple and easy without the pivots and fibs. I have the same set up as renasdad, with one exception. I don't have the luxury of the 4 hour charts to view. Knowing that my setups are easy, I can then concentrate on more currency pairs to watch.

I have www.fxsol.com for a broker which with the new AccuCharts, I can easily watch 20 currency pairs. The only downfall is that I do not have 4 hour charts that I can watch and I make up for it by having a 15 minute, 30 minute and hourly charts. (20 currency pairs X 3 time frames = 60 charts I flip thought with ease using my computer mouse).

When I started out with this system, I watched my favorite currency pair, the EUR/USD. Once I understood what made the pair move, when it moved, the daily average range, etc... and I felt comfortable with it, I started watching a second currency. I worked myself up to 20 currency pairs.

I scan all 20 currency pairs and jump in when all three of my timeframes (15 min, 30 min and hourly charts) are about to converge at the 21 RSI.. 50 line and has successfully crossed it while also looking at the 5/12 crossover and 18/28 convergence tunnels. To prevent confusion, I have an index card with the steps I need to do and the order I need to do them in when I have a possible trade. That way, I don't forget anything.

I must use trailing stops which helps me when I have more than 2 currencies to trade at one time. If I am away from the computer at any time, I will not leave my trading station until trailing stops are set. The forex has a nasty way of moving a hundred pips in the opposite direction during the time it takes you to answer the phone if your not careful. The most currencies I trade at a time can be up to 10. Anymore than that, I am asking for trouble, especially around news time.

Once you have used this sytem with one currency pair and feel that you understand it and can trade it successfully, consider watching a second currency pair and so forth.

I did use pivot points and fibs as a test, but they took way too long to set up and prevented me from watching my charts. I doubt if they could make me anymore pips if I did use them. I went back to the simple basic setup and have not deviated since.

My currency pairs that I watch on a daily basis are:

AUD/CAD AUD/JPY AUD/NZD AUD/USD CAD/JPY CHF/JPY

EUR/AUD EUR/CAD EUR/CHF EUR/GBP EUR/JPY EUR/USD

GBP/CHF GBP/JPY GBP/USD NZD/JPY NZD/USD USD/CAD

USD/CHF AND USD/JPY.

I have a spiral 5" x 8" Ruled Index Cards that has important notes relating to my trading. I suggest that you purchase one too. Get to know the currency pairs, trading times, news times, daily average ranges, which pairs work in conjunction with each other and reverse also.

Ever heard of the term, "Knowledge is Power"? ... In the forex, "Knowledge is Money".

Good luck trading and remember, no question is dumb. At one point, everyone of us did not even know what the word "forex" even meant.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Tick,

How do you use the 15 min and 30 min to make your trade on 1 hr charts?

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
In reference to your question "How do you use the 15 min and 30 min to make your trade on 1 hr charts?", what I do is to watch the 15 min, 30 min an hourly chart. Usually, the 15 min chart will have a crossing before the 30 min and hour chart at the RSI 21...50 line. I then check and wait for the 30 min line to cross, followed by the hourly cross at the RSI 21...50 line.

When all three cross, I verify by watching the EMA 5/12 cross each other and look for a crossing or a narrowing of the 18/28 RSI also. When all three move at the same time, I feel comfortable in jumping in, or out of my move.

Anotherwords, the 15 minute movement at the 50 tells me to start watching the 30 minute and then check the hourly chart also. I call my 15 minute and 30 minute charts, my primer charts.

As in drag car racing... here is the way I look at it:

15 minute chart line crosses the RSI 21... 50 line
"Dragster approaches the line to drag race"

30 minute chart line crosses the RSI 21... 50 line
"Dragster then spins his tires getting traction awaiting the green light"

Hourly chart line crosses the RSI 21... 50 line (along with ema 5/12, 18/28 convergences.
"Dragster takes off at green light and races toward the win"

Does this make sense to you?

CT

they rev up the engine for the big movement...which is the entering of the trade. If all three cross, I am in.... not one out of three nor two out of three... all three timeframes must agree.

Chck out a test of all three time frames... and you will see the difference in jumping in when all three time frames agree for entry of a trade.

Please let me know what you think.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
I do understand what you are saying.  Wouldn't all three happen though if the 1 hr happens?  Once you get both crosses on the 1 hr, wouldn't we know that the crosses happened on the 15 and 30?    Or do you use the 15 and the 30 to get yourself ready for the 1 hr?

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Keeping in mind that all three charts would not be in unison in reference to time, the 15 minute would show the possibility of a movement before the 30 minute and hourly chart. The 15 usually crosses before the other two time frames.

There are at times when they will not totally agree and maybe off by 30 minutes.... but I do watch the 15 minutes which prepares me for the 30 minute to move only on the hourly chart.

The reason why I don't move on the 15 minute chart which usually crosses the RSI 21... 50 mid line first is because the 15 minute is like an ocean wave, it can cross the RSI 21... 50 line and you would assume that it is profit time and wham, it will return under the RSI 21... 50 line and you lost pips.

Hope this give you a better understanding.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Yuppers.   I understand now.  Thank you.

How long have you been trading this way?  Do you find some pairs to be better than others?

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
One thing I do is to keep the SUP and RES lines on the hourly charts and will not enter a trade if the price has possibility of turning back at these levels. It happenned on the CAD yesterday when a signal was repulsed by the RES level. Todays GBP is nearing one now.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
This is my chart for the EUR/JPY... Easy to understand. Keep in mind that total pips does not include what was made prior to start of chart and the chart is still moving up.

This is what I see on my chart...easy to understand and simple to use.

TICK

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
I watched, excellent signals.

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
This is Renasdad's method...he gets the recognition. I use same indicators... just don't have access to the 4 hour chart due to the charting limitations of www.fxsol.com.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
One suggestion.

Guys, you can skip the RSI 21 if you add EMA 34 on the chart. 5 EMA crossover with 34 EMA, is the same as RSI 21 crossup/down the line 50.

Please scan the chart to see it. I only scanned it on 1 hr chart.

This will help to simplify thing further.. i hope.

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
I will need to see the eye doctor if I add one more line to my charts. As it is, my upper charts have 4 lines...adding a fifth would be more confusing. I would then need a magnifying glass to see all of the lines on one single chart and I have a 21" monitor. My charts would end up looking like a christmas tree from a distance with more colorful lines added to my charts.

I like keeping the RSI 21 on the lower chart for confirmation and simplicity. After trading this system for a long time, adding one more line would create confusion and I would have to question all of my moves all over again. I watch 20 currency pairs and that would be a problem.

Thanks for the suggestion and please keep them coming. Unfortunately, adding more lines to the upper charts would be a problem for me.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
G'day Tick,

Great work with the system. Good to see others using it profitably.

I have a question for you. Do you take profits off the table other than at your exit? If so, how do you determine where?

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Hi Tick !

WELL DONE .....

LESSON LEARNED !!!

Keep on pippin

Bernhard

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
@renasdad

Let me just repeat to see if I understand your method.

Using 5/12 EMAs, RSI (21 period) and Vegas 1H tunel.

Just tell me how to set up Vegas tunel? What MAs are you using for it?

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
When you put on the Vegas tunnel, it will have the MAs on there for you.  Then put on the 5/12 EMAs and RSI.  Thats it!!!

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Anyone ready to go long audusd?

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Hi renasdad,

LONG audusd?

Please explain your thought process.

best,

forexpips

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Are you seeing the oscillations on the H4?

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Pictures are worth a thousnad words. I would never open a long trade right now . I would wait for price action to confirm but, this is what I look for in opening a trade.

The yellow circles show where price has hit fib lines. Also, look at the major support in that area.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Hi renasdad.. I am guessing you are joking?

The AUS went through support and the MA's crossed dowm.  I am short..

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
I am with you now

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
What everybody here fails to realize is that you are looking at the chart unrealisticaly. The EMAs and the WMAs are all closing values. MEANING that you would open your position at the end of each period (closing price). Everybody is counting the opening price, but this is wrong, because the indicators will not be what they are at open. The only cross this system is somewhat successful at is GBP/JPY... test it, run it on a demo account, and you'll see what I am talking about

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
hehe

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
I think its a very interesting proposition. Would have to have a tight stop. What are we looking for in price action to give a GO signal?

5/12 cross with 50 RSI?

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
AUDUSD LONG

I'm really thinking of longing it here with a s/l below the fib at 7532

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
First of all, I will leave that thick red line on my chart.  Second,  I would not take a trade as of yet.  I would wait until that bar closed to see what it looks like.  I am pretty new to trading like this, things are just kinda clicking.  I would be safe to say also, taking a long right now would be a good idea.  Place a stop 20 pips under the low of the current bar.   News only pushes price so far.  Momentum will make price go further but this time of the rear, things are rangebound.  I am learning this stuff right along with you guys.   I'd say 75% chance of price going up and 25% chance of it going down.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Just to remind you, London markets are closed on Monday..Holiday you know old chap!!!  Have a great weekend

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
You got it man!!!!!!!!!!!!

Only a 35 pip risk and look at the reward!!!!!!

It could go up 100 pips.  It is Friday though.  Just remember that.  If it was Tuesday, I would be alot more inclined in taking this trade.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
I have traded the USD/EUR, USD/JPY, and USD/CHF pairs using the original Sidus system rules with around 80 percent success.  I have followed the rules with discipline.  It does work.

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Yeah, it'll be nice to see some exhaustion candles on the 1H though. I don't see if rifling up today. Perhaps opening a position on TUE night would be the thing to do.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
wow! audusd DID rifle up!!

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
It's all about the way people percieve things.  Forexpips, I did get your PM.  I need to get some sleep.  I will get back to you though.

How many people use the Vegas tunnel?  If you aren't, are you starting to realize it is the best way to trade with this?

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
renasdad,

my setup is identical to yours.

vegas 1h tunnel

5/12 ma with 9 ma for close trade indication

rsi

best,

forexpips (i look forward to hearing from you)

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
As for any other profits... any related USD traded currencies, I play another system which is very good.

<TABLE class=MsoNormalTable style="MARGIN: auto auto auto 4.65pt; WIDTH: 417.9pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; mso-padding-alt: 0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt" cellSpacing=0 cellPadding=0 width=557 border=0><TBODY><TR style="HEIGHT: 0.25in; mso-yfti-irow: 0"><TD style="BORDER-RIGHT: #ece9d8; PADDING-RIGHT: 5.4pt; BORDER-TOP: #ece9d8; PADDING-LEFT: 5.4pt; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0in; BORDER-LEFT: #ece9d8; WIDTH: 417.9pt; PADDING-TOP: 0in; BORDER-BOTTOM: #ece9d8; HEIGHT: 0.25in; BACKGROUND-COLOR: transparent" vAlign=bottom noWrap width=557>The entry (news time)

</TD></TR><TR style="HEIGHT: 25.5pt; mso-yfti-irow: 1"><TD style="BORDER-RIGHT: #ece9d8; PADDING-RIGHT: 5.4pt; BORDER-TOP: #ece9d8; PADDING-LEFT: 5.4pt; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0in; BORDER-LEFT: #ece9d8; WIDTH: 417.9pt; PADDING-TOP: 0in; BORDER-BOTTOM: #ece9d8; HEIGHT: 25.5pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: transparent" vAlign=bottom width=557>1. take the high and low of the 15 minutes chart for the two periods 8:30am-8:45am and 8:45am-9:00am<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o></o>

</TD></TR><TR style="HEIGHT: 12.75pt; mso-yfti-irow: 2"><TD style="BORDER-RIGHT: #ece9d8; PADDING-RIGHT: 5.4pt; BORDER-TOP: #ece9d8; PADDING-LEFT: 5.4pt; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0in; BORDER-LEFT: #ece9d8; WIDTH: 417.9pt; PADDING-TOP: 0in; BORDER-BOTTOM: #ece9d8; HEIGHT: 12.75pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: transparent" vAlign=bottom width=557>2. discard any where the range in either of the 15 minute periods is bigger than 50 pips<o></o>

</TD></TR><TR style="HEIGHT: 38.25pt; mso-yfti-irow: 3"><TD style="BORDER-RIGHT: #ece9d8; PADDING-RIGHT: 5.4pt; BORDER-TOP: #ece9d8; PADDING-LEFT: 5.4pt; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0in; BORDER-LEFT: #ece9d8; WIDTH: 417.9pt; PADDING-TOP: 0in; BORDER-BOTTOM: #ece9d8; HEIGHT: 38.25pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: transparent" vAlign=bottom width=557>3. either enter long when the price exceeds the higher of the two highs gathered in step 1 by 4 pips or  enter short  when the price falls below the lower  of the two lows gathered in step 1 by 4 pips. <o></o>

</TD></TR><TR style="HEIGHT: 0.25in; mso-yfti-irow: 4"><TD style="BORDER-RIGHT: #ece9d8; PADDING-RIGHT: 5.4pt; BORDER-TOP: #ece9d8; PADDING-LEFT: 5.4pt; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0in; BORDER-LEFT: #ece9d8; WIDTH: 417.9pt; PADDING-TOP: 0in; BORDER-BOTTOM: #ece9d8; HEIGHT: 0.25in; BACKGROUND-COLOR: transparent" vAlign=bottom width=557>
The exit
I exit usually after taking 10-20 pips. This works 4 out of 5 times during the week.

</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE>

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
I think the Vegas 1hr tunnel can compliment almost any 1/2hr to 1hr chart trading strategy. In addition to being an outstanding way to gauge your profit taking levels, after using it for a few months you will start to visualize the price action in a way that will greatly improve your trading.

In fact, all three of the Vegas systems (1-hr, 4-hr, and VWB) have immensely helped my own understanding of how the market moves.

THANKS VEGAS!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
I am just getting back to the computer so excuse the delay.  I saw the indicator and took it.. However I got out WAY before $money did.  But, I was looking for a quick scalp and also wanted to go to bed.  The thing that I think let that go so short was the news.  I did not catch what piece it was (still new to all of this).  i.e. I would have made the pips as well, but it would not have been from this system in my opinion.

Kind Regards,

H. Bart

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
Could we be seeing a run up on USD/CAD. Just got a bullish cross and RSI is right at 50 but can it hold, it's came up from the bottom of the 3rd fib line on the Vegas indicator.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Hi Tick,

This method sounds interesting.

On what time zone are you basing this  830-845am  845-9.00am on?

And what do you mean by news time? Do you mean this method is used when a news/financial announcement is given which may swing a currency pair?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
Tick

So you trade this each morning as ny session opens?

Is that correct? Or do you only do it when news is coming out about USD

thanks

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Time zone EST. Works well if you enter with the current trend. Meaning if the signal is long (price exceeds the higher of the two highs) and the current trend is up on hour chart.

Jim

You can use this method when ever news comes out, but it works best at the 8:30-9:00 EST. Also, GBP/USD pair seems to work the best.

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
I have been chatting with quite a few people on messenger.  I would like you all to know that I do chat with that I will be  starting a new job in a week and my computer time will be less than it is now.  With that,  the time I do have for the computer will need to be alot more constructive than some of the time now.  For those of you that I do chat with,  I would like you to know that there will not be much time for me to be explaining things to the ones that don't know what they are doing.  I would appreciate it if only the constructive chatting happens where we can learn more.  I will not have time to teach people how I am trading this.  I hope this isn't coming across the wrong way.  I have helped anyone out as much as I can just because I do like to help.  I just won't have the time anymore.

The time I have at the computer will need to be my time.  I am in this business for me ultimately.  I will still post my charts when I have the time just like I have been doing.

Anyone that does want to chat about this, I would appreciate if they knew the method they were using and would have beneficial ideas and thoughts.  We are here to make money and that is the only amount of time I will have anymore is  for me to make money.

When reading this post, I hope you guys don't take it the wrong way.

If there are people that do not understand how all this works,  I would suggest going back to page 1 and  starting over.  For the ones that haven't read any of this thread and think they are gonna be able to figure it out by starting at the end will never figure it out at all.  The ones that start at the last page and think they will figure it out by asking the questions that are answered 10 or 20 times already are the ones that want things just given to them with out the work.

There are a couple people that I have chatted with in the last couple days that have done their home work on this and just don't understand why it doesn't work.  If you still want help, don't be afraid to ask.  I really mean that too.  I love helping people and seeing them doing better.

I really do apologize to anyone that gets mad about this but, I have to do what I have to do.  I have over 35 people in my contacts that are there only from the sidus thread.    My average of hrs a day on the computer range from 16-18 every day.  When I start my new job, I will be down to about 4.

I will be checking in on this thread when I have the time.

Good luck to everyone using this stuff.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Let me restate this: Meaning if the signal is long (price exceeds the higher of the two highs) and the 5/12 RSI are also showing a long signal  .

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Thanks judex001 !

After 18 hrs, I still just up to page 52......... still going...

Thank your everyone who put their effort in this model !

I made another version of Sidus MQ4 file based on Vegas Tunel MQ4 file that's show 2 Fib levels,  Are there anyone interested?

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Hum.. are there anyone in the world like me reading whole 84 long pages ???? (I am still at page 54)

But I am agree, it is a good idea to read at least the first 1-20 pages, it contains the basic idea of this model.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Would be very intereted.

Thanks you!

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Keep reading man.  It is worth reading the whole thing.  There are posts you can kinda skip though.  Not every post needs to be ready exactly word for word cause it is a lot of "chatting"  keep reading it though.  It is worth it.  It is better than just thinking you can just jump into the last page and think you will be able to figure this stuff out.  keep on keepin' on......

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Me too. I would love to see what you have.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
I am new to Forex / MQ4, still in learning phase...

I made 2 files, 1 for WMA(1hr) and 1 for EMA (30Mins).

WMA/EMA/SMA/RiskLevel are changeable in the input area

MA1/MA2 = Sidus Tunel (Red)

MA3/MA4 = Trade Indictor (Green/Blue)

Risk Level = please refer to Vegas 1hr Docs, only 2 lines is available due to 8 lines limit....(Or you can apply this indicator twice for another 2 lines)

PS:You don't need to close and re-open to activate the new indicator.

Copy the mq4 file into indicator folder, open it with metaeditor and click on compile.  It should now shows in your indicator folder inside MT4 (if not, double click the indicator folder in MT4 twice).

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Good job thomson.  It looks pretty good.  Can I ask, how many riske models are there?

Also for any one wanting to use the vegas tunnel instead of the 18/28 tunnel, just change the EMA numbers before placing it on a chart.

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
If you use true automatic backtesting through esignal it has a huge drwadown and is ot even close to profitable except on the GBP/JPY

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
4 risks Models

1) 34,55

2) 55,89

3) 89,144

4) 144,233

I can add 5) 233,377 if people want that level.

But I think the first 2 risk tunel level should be enough for most of the time

I used this with Eur/Usd, you canfound the price hardly over the 2nd Fib Level.

Notes: The tunel is calculated based on MA2

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
I am baseing this on the Eastern Time Zone... and this system works nicely. Make sure you look at historical charts before trying. I like this system. Some people also refer it at the MMTS System.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
They may be closing values...but they work nicely...and I mean nicely. Try the system on a demo and you will see how well it works. We have many people here that absolutely like this system.

Try it before claiming we are incorrect....it works!

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
This system works best following news...and even works without news. If you notice, at times, it will determine direction for rest of trading day too.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
The MMTS system was developed by one of the Peter Bain subscribers.

Very good method. When applied properly.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
That is where I got this from. I picked it up from Peter Bain's Member Section. It has been a while since I last looked at the section and I am still a member. I like the MMTS system and now I have found out that the same member that came up with the system, Monkia, now sells this sytem. She calls it the MMTS (system). There are several veriations to the system now. I heard that Monika is a wonderful person. I wished I could get my hands on her system.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Greetings ktrade, i too know of a prfessional trader that auto-system trades. He has done this for several years. Total hands off proprietary system (i live near the guy and i can't even be let into the inner-sanctum...but i take him at his word that it is the real macoy).

Cheers,

Thom

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Greetings all, facinating thread and model. I'm only up to the 300's in reading the posts but have gleened much so far.

Cheers,

Thom

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
OK now i'm up to post 325...hehe. Just my 2 pips worth on bonmeister's great post. I've been using what i call "4d" charts (time is known as the fourth demension) for a while now. The idea of using multiple time frame data ported over to a single chart. In our case here the 30m. I've also used this idea on 5m charts in a fast moving market such as London or NY opens.

You will have much more information on a given chart if set up as bon has suggested, with the added bonus of the possibility of more tags at S/R instead of maybe just a single tag/retrace as shown in a single hourly candle.

Good stuff.

Thom

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Keep reading away here.... you will not be disappointed.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Thom,

You have  explained this to the point where I understand it now.  That is a very good explination for considering using the shorter time frame charts.

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
This is my concern with the mtf channel. Could someone please explain this. Blue channel is the 4 hr. Yellow channel is the daily. Why in the world does the yellow channel look like that when it is the daily? The yellow channel is so much more narrow than the blue one. That doesn't make sense. Then it is coming up from the bottom where there is no price at all. Is there something wrong with it?

Also, the yellow channel seems like it has no highs/lows it is connected to.

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
look at this one

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
now this one

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Could someone please explain why that is happening?   This is the main reason I haven't been using the mtfchannel.  I don't trust it.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Perhap too many suggestions with many indicators introudce can confuse or rather cluster the whole idea of Sidus method and Vegas method. I am still feel strongely that simple system give the best result.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
divine,

If you would be following closely with this thread, the mtf channel has been tossed around a little bit. There is one guy that trades with the channels and 5/12 rsi/50 cross. The channels do not confuse this method as much as some of the other indicators that are in this thread. The channels are pretty powwerful when combined with the tunnel. I decided to drop them for a while because they did make the chart messier. I did do a little bit of a change with my charts so, I decided to at least give the channels a second chance. I have made a couple trades with the Vegas tunnel and the channels and felt greatly confident when certain things lined up. I would suggest to you to read through the whole thread if you haven't already. Cause if you have, you would have known this indicator has (and is) been used with this method with great results.

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Hi guys,

I hope everything is going well.I'm studying this system because with good filters it's a very good system. For now I read the market like if I red a book.I watch bars ranges and the trend's look after the entry signal. I use some patterns like ledges and congestions and firstly rising tops and bottoms in uptrend and falling max and min in downtrend

Canados

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Sidus,

Thank you for sharing this promising system. I've only read the first 8 pages of your post so forgive me if this idea has already been suggested. When I looked at my charts, I couldn't tell very easily when the 18 and 28 EMA's crossed or whether they just came together and separated again both being red in color. So I changed the color of 18EMA to hot pink and left 28EMA red. Now I see the cross over easily and the two are similar in color so I won't confuse them with 5 and 8 WMA's. Thanks again for your willingness to share this system with us.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Renasdad,<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o></o>

<o></o>

You probaly thought I am just browsing and do nothing. In fact I do lot of documentation on sidus, vegas, gann, Akuma99 squeeze CCI, Woodie's CCI, <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags" /><st1:City><st1lace><?xml:namespace prefix = u1 /><u1:City><u1lace>Phoenix</u1lace></u1:City></st1lace></st1:City>, Firefox etc. I also do forward test on the demo account for 10 months. It is for me to come to the conclusion that each strategy/method has its own merit and demerit but they need not have to closely complement each other unless we are fully understand why and what they are best for.<o></o>

<o></o>

Btw I also read all these threads from post 1 to the end of page as it is good do document it. I Also want to salute to Akuma99 for his detailed explanation where every member has no problem to digest the journal. I will use his strategy for more testing before go live.

Sidus and Vegas's strategies are good too. With simple and easy to apply, I have no problem to understand it. The integration on both may not be the best approach best knowing their strategy may help to complement each other. Hence for those who want to enhance their strategy, can open their own journal for member to read it clearly. There are too many introduction of indicators and integration recommendation which make the chart more like a fire craker show. Remember simple is the best to win the trade.

As for the EA, I tend to like Phoenix than Firefox due to their strategy is more in safe approach.

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Hi guys,

I have been out of town and just wanted to check in. I see lots of posts here introducing new systems.... I think we should keep those off this thread. We have a solid system here that is just about perfected.

Renasdad... How have you been? Quick question... On that Vegas Tunnel indicator you gave me, What is and how do you use the risk model? I'm not familiar with what it does or how to use it.

Thanks man!!!!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
The differant risk models will puut fib lines  (X) amount of pips from the tunnel.  The more volatile a pair is, the higher the risk model.  The best thing to do is put a tunnel on your chart and zoom out as far as you can.   The right risk model will be where the price reaches the outter fibs and then retraces back towards the tunnel.

PS  I was kinda wondering where you were.  Maybe chat with you Mon. AM

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Renasdad, on my charts  daily channels look normal. But I thik that they need to be reset time to time.

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Sorry guys, could anybody tell me what EMA and WMA are (I guess it´s kind of moving average). What means the E/W, whats the number, how is it set in the MT 4? Hope someone could help.

Thx in advancen,

Eugen

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
EMA = exponential moving average

WMA = weighted moving average (or linear weighted moving average on MT4) meaning it gives more weighting to more recent numbers

On MT4 click on Indicators, Moving average, and then you will see the diffrent types of moving average you can select.

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Could someone direct me to the latest summary of the Sidus system? I've gone thru many pages here and have printed out what I guess is a rule page to keep handy it setting up charts. I just want to know what the prime tweakers have determined works best for the Cable and Euro/USD markets. I only discovered this thread last night and have been reading my eyes out <grin>. I've loaded some charts and it looks great. Thanks to Sidus and all the hard workers here.

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Gee Seven,

Go to http://www.freewebs.com/liquid11/

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Bagovino, here is the short extract from Vegas:

I have scripted a plug-in called ‘Vegas Currency Daily’ to use on the daily charts. It will plot and draw the tunnel EMA’s as well as various fib levels [three on each side of the tunnel per model #]. When you open ‘Vegas Currency Daily’ you have 4 input models [fib numbers] to choose from. They are as follows:

<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o></o>

Model #1 = 89, 144, 233

Model #2 = 144, 233, 377

Model #3 = 233, 377, 610

Model #4 = 377, 610, 987

[Note: I have included the plug-in with your email, so you can create the appropriate metatrader 4 charts immediately.]

<o></o>

For the following currency pairs, use the following model # on your daily chart.

<o></o>

EUR/USD - Model # 1 AND Model #2. Overlay #2 after you have setup Model #1. Just go back and do #2. This will now produce an overlap of #1 and #2

And produce 4 fib lines on both sides of the tunnel [for a total of 8]. You will now have fib numbers calculated at 89, 144, 233, and 377 from the daily tunnel.

<o></o>

GBP/USD - Model #1 AND Model #3. Overlay #3 after you have setup Model #1.

You now have 5 fib lines on both sides of the tunnel [for a total of 10].

The fib numbers are calculated at 89, 144, 233, 377, and 610 from the daily tunnel.

<o></o>

USD/CHF - Model #2. You now have 3 fib lines on both sides of the tunnel [for a total of 6]. The fib numbers are calculated at 144, 233, and 377 from the daily tunnel.

<o></o>

USD/JPY - Model # 1. You now have 3 fib lines on both sides of the tunnel [for a total of 6]. The fib numbers are calculated at 89, 144, and 233 from the daily tunnel.

<o></o>

AUD/USD - Model # 1. You now have 3 fib lines on both sides of the tunnel [for a total of 6]. The fib numbers are calculated at 89, 144, and 233 from the daily tunnel.

<o></o>

USD/CAD - Model #2. You now have 3 fib lines on both sides of the tunnel [for a total of 6]. The fib numbers are calculated at 144, 233, and 377 from the daily tunnel.

<o></o>

EUR/JPY - Model #2. You now have 3 fib lines on both sides of the tunnel [for a total of 6]. The fib numbers are calculated at 144, 233, and 377 from the daily tunnel.

<o></o>

EUR/GBP - Model # 1. You now have 3 fib lines on both sides of the tunnel [for a total of 6]. The fib numbers are calculated at 89, 144, and 233 from the daily tunnel.

<o></o>

Step 3.

<o></o>

We are interested only when the market gets to the following fib numbers per appropriate currency pair. They are as follows:

<o></o>

EUR/USD - When it reaches the third fib level [233] or higher.

GBP/USD - The third fib level [233] and higher.

USD/CHF - The second fib level [233] and higher.

USD/JPY - The second fib level [144] and higher.

AUD/USD - The second fib level [144] and higher.

USD/CAD - The second fib level [233] and higher.

EUR/JPY - The second fib level [233] and higher.

EUR/GBP - The first fib level [89] and higher.

<o></o>

Once these fib levels are breached, we now look for specific technical indicators that signal a reverse in trend. These are [in no importance of order] 1) Reversals, 2) Spinning Tops, 3) Hammer and/or Hanging man, and 4) Inverted Hammer and/or Shooting Star

For more detail information about Vegas, it is best to read the whole from Vegas wealth builder section.

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Divinefund....

Thanks for the post... AWESOME info!!!!

Bago

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
I've noticed something here...  The original Sidus system has actually been deleted by the combonation of the BAGOVINO 1 HR. 5/12, 50 RSI cross and the Vegas 1 Hr Tunnel.

If you take the signal from the Bago 1hr 5/12 cross in conjunction with the Vegas 1 hr. fibs (Thanks Renasdad!!!) We really dont even need to look at the Sidus method. I know I dont look at it!!!

What do you guys think????

Thanks,

Bago

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Are the model #s for Vegas Tunnel same across 1H, 4H and Daily indicators?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Bagovino,

Yes, from what I've been following Renasdad and Artamon have basically joined your 5 & 12 ema cross with an RSI(21) 50 cross and the exits of the Vegas 1h tunnel (Renasdad has described this in the first post of his "Tims Trade Journal". I'd just like to clarify that the Vegas 1h uses different fib levels to the Vegas Daily fib levels described by Divinefund in the post above. I'll attach MY interpretation/summary (so there could be errors?) of the Vegas 1h below. This clarifies the 1h fib levels. Note the last "filter" in my 1h summary. This is where the Vegas daily method can be used with the Vegas 1h method (and hence some people may be confusing the two tunnels/levels). Renasdad and Artamon have mentioned that they take signals either close to the 1h tunnel or countertrend signals near the 1h outer fib levels. I think they and others have also suggested that the use of the outer fib levels of the aforementioned filter (using the daily tunnel) may also help to eliminate low probability trades.

Renasdad has mentioned that he's got less time to spend with these posts now, so I hope this is helpful & accurate. Anyone, please let me know if anything is off target.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Last week I asked if anyone was ready to go long on audusd.  I placed that thick red line on the chart when I asked it.  I left that line on my chart and will now post the new one.  Vegas tunnel fib lines are very powerful.  Bacj when I started trading, I would have never considered to go long on a big down bar like that one.

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
I would rather respect the owner of this thread by empathsis more on Sidus method than Vegas method. I do observe and do manual forward test on Sidus method, its really give more consistent return for which newbies are comfortable with. Btw there is no problem to add fib and murray math in the chart for some added feature.

Vegas method does has its strategy but discretionary decision sometime need to apply. My testing on both strategies is to have them on separate account, so that a clear observation can be made on whether they are consistent on the right signal. From there you can derive on how to complement each other should there is a need to merge the two strategies.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
If I'm not wrong on EUR/GBP,the Vegas levels beyond the 34 are almost never reached...what do you think?how do you trade the EUR/GBP with the vegas levels?

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Canados,

Having only glanced at the EurGbp just now, you're correct. Its daily AverageTrueRange(10) is frequently below 30. I suppose if you wanted to trade this pair, you simply reduce your profit targets to levels that this pair frequently hits. If you want to keep to the mystical fib numbers, the next lowest numbers are 21 and 13. You'd just add/subtract these off the 1h tunnel. However, you'd want to weigh up the value of these reduced profit targets with respect to the spread that would be paid and the win/loss ratio (ie: would it be profitable?). I suppose the tunnel (144 and 169 ema's) could also be altered to suit the currency pair so that the "model" fits better. Just my initial thoughts.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
I agree with you

Canados

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Bagovino,

What is it with you and trying to hammer Sidus down. This thread is still named Sidus and NOT Bagowhatever. You want to show off...then start your own thread and move on so we can stick to the more consistent original Sidus method and wait patiently for Sidus II.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
OUCH !!!!!!!!

Yeah, I kinda got the feeling he wants to hear from everybody "Bagovino, your system rules, Sidus's system sucks !"

Well, it ain't going to happen 'cause Sidus is the man IMO and we are all here as a result of his first post/method. That was the base. Then change it all you want, but it all started from him....

Future

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
I sure hope noone asks me for help anymore then if that is how you feel.  Anyone with a question that I haven't talked to yet, ask someone else.  I am out.

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Have migrated over here from newstrading like Money Master. Looking for something else since the brokers are making it more and more difficult (soon impossible) to trade the news. The Sidus method looks great. I spent all weekend going through the thread and the documents and went live today with not much success, since I trade the London session and I didn't realise it was a holiday in Britain. (Now there's an experienced fundamentalist for you!)

My problem is the profit taking using fib numbers. This looks very interesting, but I move around a lot during the day (for work) and I have to be able to monitor trades on any computer, so I use Oanda. So my question is how can I use make use of these fib numbers when I can't use MetaTrader? Is there any way I can put them in manually? Can the Fib fan or speed lines features be used for this? Is there some rule of thumb I can use instead?

Any suggestions greatly appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Haha! I did it. Took me about three days of reading between duties elsewhere, but if this is post 1301, that means i've read all 1300 before it!

I begin trading the model in demo Tues/Aug 29th

Cheers,

Thom

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
accrete, you know where to get ahold of me if you want to chat.........

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Renasdad,

Bagovino and you do contribute valuable idea and effort in helping to improve sidus method. This is a fact and I never deny it. The problem is many idea in this thread added and cross amongst the posts do confuse lot of members. This is why I suggest each of you create your own journal so that member can see the merit of new idea with sustantial result. Sidus hilmself may then be able to public more improvement version to better benefit to everyone as well.

Does everyone agree in this approach?

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
IMHO the Sidus thread broke all the records on the factory forum. I think we are all enjoying it. Speaking for myself I learned a lot here and I have a lot of respect for Sidus, Renasdad, Bagovino and all the others who have contributed. Each of you guys have helped me to make money. Yeah,yeah, I know that money is not the most important thing, but it is certainly pretty close to oxygen.

I do admit that there are  various approaches to the system and if you read all  the 87 pages you will pick what works for you. I did.

It would be a pity if the spirit of mutual help and education would be ruined for reasons that have nothing to with why we came here for.

Just my 765439 cents I made today....

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
For those who have run their MT at home while in the office during weekday. There is a software that you can install it in both your home PC and office pc ( or your mobile notebook computer ). You can monitor the activity of your home PC while not at home. Please see this link http://www.radmin.com/products/index.php .

Btw I did not use it as I work at home. My brother use it extensively as he is mobile worker and sometime out of town. Hence please don't ask me how it work as it is proven already. Think about how wonderful this software can help you.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Listen... I've been following this thread from post #1. After Sidus posted this method many people chimed in with different ways to improve, and it just so happened that the Sidus method and the method Bagovino was using coincided very well.

The point is that there is a natural progression to things, Sidus himself asked for the improvements upon his system and that is what has been hapening here. There is no need to chastise someone for adding valuable input and for helping other traders to realize profits. I think Astarflier has meerly mis-interpreted Bago's post.

Anyway... this thread has been one of the most helpful threads I have read on any BB, and if you have a problem with the people who are contributing to it's success then I suggest you take a vacation from this post and perhaps start YOUR own!

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
I do agree with you as I am strongly feel that this thread can continue for another few thousands posts. With many variances created and if post in their respective journal, Their effort can then be reflected back in this thread. By doing that way member can really benefit the progressive improvement of Sidus method. This is also the spirit of idea sharing but not crossing each other, at the same time create the maximum improvement.

For each journal handle by variance of sidus, I hope the documentation can be like what Akuma99 is doing.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
GrnEydGuy,

Please don't misinterpret my intention as I am computer system for more than 20+ years. For any product to be delievered til market it, there is a techncial term call "Systematic approach or System life cycle". The initial release of Sidus method has proven is a good product, the next step is to ensure it go through the quality check and test procedure. Different groups/teams are formed for such purpose so that changes/amendment can then incorporated. If all the groups merge as one group, you can be sure that the progress of work is slow down and there is no clear direction or conclusion can be made at all.

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
C'mon, I think a few chill pills are needed. I for one am very grateful for the efforts and sharing of ALL the ideas that stemmed from Sidus' post. It's not about names, it should be about the concepts and gratitude for sharing them. The names do however provide a way of identifying the methodology, so in that sense they do have some value. Having said that, I think the extraordinary effort put in by people such as Renasdad (apologies to MANY others) in keeping this rolling should not be lost. Sidus had not posted for a long period and thankfully many people have since bought in new ideas and kept the ball rolling. More recently Sidus has acknowledged the ideas and people. Many have contributed ideas that relate to entries, others have introduced ideas relating to exits and positioning (the value of the Vegas topics in my opinion), and others have provided indicators and code. Thanks to ALL.

To avoid confusion in this massive thread, maybe its time for separate threads/methodologies to be made. If this happens, I think it would be helpful if there was some naming convention so that readers know that it stems from this Sidus thread (maybe "Sidus-other name" method).

Maybe the moderators have better suggestions?

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Ok,

I will keep posting when time permits.  I will not have time to post things like, how to change risk models and what are the risk models.  Or the no-brainers that could be searched on this website.

I will post things like...

Here is a new idea,  how about using the original Sidus method for trading the 4 hr charts?  That is something I have been thinking about for a while now and do not know what to use for TP or SL though.  I know what I want for the 1 hr charts but, nothing for the 4 hr.

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Totally agree with johoma. If member read the post 1238,1244,1289 and 1291, how are they going to know the direction of sidus method?

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Thanks Renasdad for your continue valuable effort.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
This thread is in 88th page and it is harder for me to find the previous as I need to scroll it sequentially. Is there something like page serach or post search option within a thread?

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
The only thing I can think of is thread tools.

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
One thing that has really impressed me about this thread is it's lack of  insulting buttheads. Everyone has been very helpful especially Mr. Bagovino. I just closed a profitable GBP trade awhile ago thanks to this system and it's improvments. I just discovered it this week but I have read my eyes out on it and started trading it in my mini account.  Sidon has encouraged everyone to build on what he started. So like it or leave it. I think it's great! Fly away astarflier.

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Mr Future, Astarflier.... Big talk from those who cant contribute a thing.

Gee7, Keep an open mind as you seem to have and you will do well in Forex. Mr Future and Astarflier will do well in the Sidus fanclub!

All I said was I combine the 5/12 with the Vegas 1 hr and dont use the Sidus method. Is that a crime?

Anyway... Do whatever makes you $$$$$$$

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
If you are running windows XP on both machines you can use windows remote desktop to monitor your home PC for free instead of paying for Radmin. It's what I do.

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
I do know winXP has such feature but I am more concerned about the security and data protection.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Sorry Bagovino if you misunderstood my statement. The point this thread is viewed by many members including lot of newbies who want to learn some good stuff for their second job or side job. Whatever we can contribute it is also to the benefit of new learner but we can't confuse them. I do manual trade on original Sidus method and the result is impressive about 80% accuracy.

By complementing some good feature in it, the accuracy may improve to 90% but it takes time to achieve it. The fact is if someone spend a few hours to monitor on the major currencies, they are likely to gain on average 50 to 100 pips a day. take 5K account as an example, with compound in mind, there should have $1m in profit in less than 12 months.

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Thanks Renasdad for the help but in my thread tools option, I can only find three of them, namely "show printable version","email this page" and "subscribe to this page".

I think admin may be able to change the forum configuration to allow search option include search by page and search by post.

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
If you're looking at the thread tools at the bottom of your screen, you may need to scroll down AFTER selecting Thread tools to see the last option "Search this thread". You can also use the Thread tools at the top of the page. Not sure about being able to search for post or page numbers.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Hey Bagovino take it easy we were just jocking a little, it's all good

Well, since you say I provide no contributions on this thread, here it comes:

Whatever method you use (original Sidus or Bagovino's) make sure that before placing your trade, on all (if not most) time frames your trade points in the same direction.

If you use a 1 hr chart, then look at the long time frame like 8hr to see where the major trend is going, BUT also make sure to look at 30min or even 15 min to see if the are any major changes in the orizon for the next couple of hours...

This is a hard thing to back test 'cause it would be a mess to keep up with different times frames at the same time while scrolling down charts, but I can talk for personal experience and it works wonders, and it gives you more confidence in placing the trade.

Many times the Sidus method and the Bagovino's method give signals that are not confirmed by the other time frames. In those situations the methods seem to fail the most.

So the right procedure should be to use a 1hr chart and look for either a Sidus or Bagovino signal, once you find it THEN you look at all the other time frames for confirmation....

Just my two cents

Future

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
This thread was started by Sidus and his method is great. Of course, as with any other thread, we try to share our thoughts and improve on this system. We should keep up with the great tradition of this thread and share opinions, not to be combative. Kidding around can lead to someone being offended and instead of contributors like me, trying to see if anyone fine tuned or tweaked this method, we then see members in a match of wits which is not the reason we are on here.

If you feel that you cannot post here with positive thought or questions that we can assist you with, please don't post here. If you feel you want to challenge someone, be respectable and do so by pm'ing each other and allow us that want to connect here with one common goal continue to have the best thread on this forum.

From this point on... let's be positive and do not have negative comments about this system. It works and I am a very successful forex trader that has the results to prove so. If you don't like this system, don't post it here. Save yourself time and move to another group.

This is a learning and sharing thread, not a debate club. Please refrane from posting unless you have a question or a contribution to assist others.

Thank you for taking the time to read this message.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Multi time frames.... Hmmmm

I believe that was mentioned earlier.... Oh yeah... I said it!!!

Thanks for reiterating it Future!

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Hello

I ve been reading through this thread the past 3 or 4 days and the system looks great.  Ive been mucking around with indicators for it, and in hopes to not confuse anyone I thought I throw a little something out there that I have been looking on my charts.

I noticed earlier in the the thread there was some confusion with the mtchannel indicator cluttering the chart so I tried out the shi channel instead.  I was thinking it may be easier for some since it doesn't clutter up the chart as much and adjusts itself with each time frame chart you click to.

I also threw on the sdx lines.  The blue lines show the price range from the US session and the yellow show the range from the UK session.  Maybe can be used for confluence purposes or a breakout of the range maybe?

Here is a Euro/Usd chart below and I will attach the shi channel and sdx lines if anyone wants to give it a shot.

Again I apologise if anyone gets pissed or anything I just thought I try to contribute something.

Thanks for the thread Sidus.  Hope you return soon.

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Without exception, it is the people who are too lazy to read a thread from start to finish,who seek to destroy the concept of trial & error.

These people are lookng for the "Holy Grail".

I have good news for these people. The "Holy Grail" exists, but most of them will have given up trading long before they have the chance to discover the secret of it.

1. Trading without incurring losses doesn't exist !

2. Endless searching for the perfect entry system is a waste of time.

3. Cluttering your screen with multiple indicators will only confuse.

4. Try this in DEMO toss a coin, use heads for long  entry, tails for short  entry. Use a 10pip stop & a 20pip take profit. Let trade run until stop or limit is hit, then enter again on a new toss of the coin. This idea is used as a MM example by Woodie.

BabeFX.

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Jhanson,

The only difference between mtf channel and normal shi channel is that, mtf channel can refer to any timeframe. like if i am on 30min charts, i would like to see channel of 4hr timeframe, i can do that with mtf channel indicator only.

But both mtf channel and shi channel has referesh problems sometimes. The charts posted by renasdad that problem is very wiered, i have been using mtf channel for sumtime and never seen anything like that.

But i still like mtf channel, sometimes, you can use 15min mtf channel on a 1hr chart to get entries on small retracements.Depends how you want to use them.

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
The coin thing doesnt work I tried it

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Seems I'm getting my butt kicked today using the 5/12 RSI 21 cross. What kind of win/loss ratio does everybody else have today?

All of my profits from the eur/jpy short from last night have been erased by other losing pairs.

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Started demoing this just yesterday but so far have been whipsahwed all over the place.

Yesterday was a holiday here in the UK so maybe not the best of days to start.

Anyone else using the Vegas 1H tunnel with this? I now know what they mean about the chop at the tunnel.

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
You should strongly consider doing several things to help you out. Use the 18/28 ema and look for crosses or merging close together. Also, use other charts to see if they agree with these combined.

My system works great...and I watch 20 currency pairs at the same time. Read my posts and try again. If you have FXSOL and have AccuCharts, I can gladly send you my indicators. I know that I have an advantage with the different currency pairs I watch, and trust me,..it pays off dearly.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Hi TIck,

Thanks for sharing your system.

I refer to your chart in post #1216. You noted on the chart that you use 5/12 EMA cross, but the ma's on your chart seems to be SMA's. Can you please confirm.

Another point is that you have noted that you would not take a trade unless the 15min, 30min and hourly charts all agree, so since the chart showed 30min setup, would you have taken those trades at those prices.

Thanks,

Matsu

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Sidus,

When is your Version 2 will be released? I'm waiting from month to month.. Your system suit me.

Thanks.

--

Regards,

Sinar FX

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Maybe you start another thread call Tick Method

thanks

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Tick,

what is your exit signal like ? Please advise. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Thanks Tick, I actually used to have the 18/28 on my charts but removed them when it seemed the majority went with just using the 5/12 cross. I have added them back to my charts.

Are you using the 30 min or 1 hour charts?

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Delete the 21 RSI???

Man... You guys have no idea!!!

GOOD LUCK!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
I remembered this:

I've noticed something here... The original Sidus system has actually been deleted by the combonation of the BAGOVINO 1 HR. 5/12, 50 RSI cross and the Vegas 1 Hr Tunnel.

If you take the signal from the Bago 1hr 5/12 cross in conjunction with the Vegas 1 hr. fibs (Thanks Renasdad!!!) We really dont even need to look at the Sidus method. I know I dont look at it!!!

What do you guys think????

Thanks,

Bago

I guess Bago is doing well with this..

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
SinarFX, firstly Sidus system originally posted here, is based on similar concept of Vegas 1hr tunnel, but is no where close the the tunnel ema's of Vegas 1hr tunnel, and secondly "RSI= Vegas 1hr Tunnel"  is not a valid statement that you made. Dont compare an indicator with a System.

RSI is used to filter out weak or false ema crosses in general, not in particular to Vegas or Sidus.

5ema and 12ema is introduced by Bogovino and he uses RSI(21) to filter false crosses. so RSI is most important in this 5/12 cross.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
I JUST WANTED TO POST THAT I WILL BE LEAVING THE SIDUS THREAD TO START MY OWN BASED ON THE 5/12 CROSS.

I FEEL IT IS BY FAR THE BEST SYSTEM OUT THERE AND WITH THE HELP OF THE MORE SUCCESSFUL TRADERS, WE CAN DEVELOP THE BEST FOREX TRADING METHOD AVAILABLE.

I INVITE YOU ALL TO VISIT MY THREAD AND HELP IMPROVE THE ALREADY SUCCESSFUL METHOD!

THANK YOU,

BAGOVINO

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Awesome dude!!

At least we'll be on the same page huh?

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Tim,

Hell yeah... come join me and help make this happen!!!!

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
I have been to this thread and everyone has been a great help.  I use the sidus system as you may know, but I have having a small problem.  I have consistantly made profits but I always exit my position too early.  Should I place my trade then hold it until the tunnel crosses back the other direction, or should I just take my smaller profits and be happy with any profits.  Another problem is that you only get a few signals a week so if you get out early then you may not trade for a few days. Any help would be great

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Hi Matsu.. the ma's on my charts are ema's and not sma's. When I trade, I see a lot of whipsaw on my 15 and 30 minute charts, that is why I wait for confirmation on the hourly before I jump in. It is like insurance... at least I know it is a good time to jump in instead of being caught in a whipsaw and seeing myself loosing pips because the 50 line on the RSI 21 is jumping all over and around the 50 line and not going in any one direction. The hourly gives me a better direction

I always trade at the hourly charts. It works and I don't sweat it our worrying as much.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
I have three time frames... 15 minute, 30 minute and hourly charts. I cannot trade without the 5/12 ema's crossing or beginning or just ending a cross. Same with the 18/28 ema's...they must be close to doing the same. And as far as the RSI 21 too, the 50 line must be crossing also. With all three happening and confirmation with hourly charts...this is a must. I use no other indicators.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Here is what I do... I stay in until the RSI 21 crosses back over the 50 when it reverses direction. There is no real exit strategy... so, I just stay in until the 50 line is touched again. No one knows when to really jump out of the trade. But at least I am catching big movements too!

Tick

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
I do the reverse for exits... I just stay in until the RSI 21 crosses back over the 50 and here is why..I catch pips when the movement is short or long. No one can actually say when to jump out. The RSI 21 will not cross back over the 50 and lose me pips.

I do sometimes notice the daily average movement for each currency pairs and if I am close to achieving around 90-110 pips for the EUR/USD pairs, I will consider jumping out then. But I only do that if I need to get away from my computer to do something else...otherwise I let it ride until my RSI 21 crosses again.

Tick

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Hey Thomson,

Yes, I am a newbie....

I am trying to input the Vegas 1 hr into my Meta Trader Indicator Folders.  Can you (or anyone else with some experience) walk me through exactly how to go from the .mq4 file to it showing up on my charts.

I downloaded the vegas 1hr.mq4 file on my desktop.  I got to the metaeditor compile button, but it asks alot of questions at that point. I cant get any further.

I would appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Bagovino, when will you be doing this and what will you call it, so we can follow you?

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
Thanks Tick for the explanation. I have also looked at your chart in the Bagovino thread.

Regards,

Matsu

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...ead.php?t=7603

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Where is Sidus?  Is this thread dead?

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
See Above!

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
I'm back. Now bogavino and his gang are gone, we can go back and concentrate on the original version of Sidus and my soon te be released v2.0.

As for the recent results of my method:

SELL GBP/USD @ 1.8992 (149 pips profit with trailing stop)

BUY EUR/GBP@ 0.6751 (38 pips profit with trailing stop)

BUY EUR/JPY @ 149.25 ( 1pip for the moment )

Post your trades and signals!

Let me know your improvments for this method!

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
OHH Sidus welcome back come on here give me 1 big huge

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Glad to see you're back.Looking forward to version 2.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
Welcome Back Sidus!  I am glad you are back.  Things got very complicated around here and I am hoping the Sidus method gets simplified like the original once again.  How goes progress with version ?

BTW, I sent you a personal email - did you get it?

Bill McManus

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
I can say that little has changed for v2.0

I only add two indicators and some rules as filters for whiplashes. Also how to recognize good and bad signals. I know bogavino's method. It just the bunnycross, it is good for scalping and if you're lucky you can stay in the trade for a long time. My system is based on that, but has evolved. I get fewer traders but a lot more winners and less fals signals.

Time will tell.

Suggestions for filters are welcome.

Ans if somebody finds the time to make scrapbook of the suggestions in this thread, they are very very very welcome!

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
No I did not, prob  spamfilter. You are welcome to send it again or to discuss it in this thread.

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Another Welcome back!! 1000+posts later and now some sanity.

Watching progress eagerly.

Happy Trading

aard

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Welcome back!!!.I have always continue using the original system and I have pips to prove. Now I have also use MACD 12 to filter the system. Honestly this have worked well for me.

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
I have been experimenting with Sidus original method and added median lines on EUR/USD with good results.  As Sidus mentioned, trades will be fewer, but false signals are greatly reduced.  Also, one thing that cannot be emphasized enough is sound money management and common sense.

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Yesss..... Welcome back Sidus. I hope you will post your V2 within this week

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Welcome back. Look forward for version 2.

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Guys, try to look EUR/JPY sell signal but the bar is bullish and EMA18,28 long. I will not go short but continue to go long.

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
The sidus method made me quite a few pips on the $/Yen going short and now long. The 12 crossing the 28 is what I look for as an indicator to go long or short and so far it keeps me out of losing positions.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
imbiber,

not 12 cross 28 it should be EMA 18 and EMA 28

SinarFX

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Sidus still shows a long signal for EUR/JPY!

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
hello sidus and all,

what indicator doyou use to assist in identifying crossovers?

thanks,

forexpips

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
Sidus, I just wanted to welcome you back to your home

A bunch of wannabes are finally gone

Your method rocks !!!!!!!

Future

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Thanks a lot! I'm convinced that my method is very profitable. If you follow my rules, you will be able to make consistent profits.

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
I continue to practice with the original Sidus method with great results.  I have done so since it was posted here in the beginning.

I plan to live trade soon.

Sidus thanks ahead of time for version 2.

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Hi all,

I hadn't realized there was some sort of trouble and fallout between bagovino and Sidus, but I guess that was due to me not following the Sidus thread past it's first one or two dozen pages

All the added rules and indicators just hailed onto the thread I felt, which is why I stopped reading it back then, and it seems now 80 pages later things seem to have settled a bit...

And so I am hoping now that maybe you Sidus could maybe just make a new thread for the 2.0 version, so we get a new start, a better overview and maybe less confusion about which the real core Sidus system is....I believe you also had a PDF originally, did you make a new one for the 2.0 version as well? Maybe just posting that would suffice as well, but I think having a smaller/newer thread would also really really help overview...but it's not up to me to decide, just a thought

I'm curious about all attempts to improve upon or work with the 1h Vegas tunnel system, as that alone is already quite an interesting method...(just like the 4h method is, too)...besides, I need something to keep me occupied while my trades develop so I don't overtrade

Would love to hear from you  / Sidus about this and am looking forward to seeing what 2.0 is like =)

Best wishes,

SeekingLight

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Hello Sidus , glad to see you posting again. I stopped using the Sidus method as there were too many versions  of your method I just did not know which one to use.To be honest I was waiting for your latest version of sidus and I hope you can share it with us soon.Now you're back can't wait for version 2.0 wohoo...

ps - please repost your current settings.plz plz..

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
FYI, Sidus' original method in pdf format is attached to post #1 on this thread.

Lookin' forward to version 2.0 also.

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Indeed. I still use this rules with my added filters that I'm testing for the moment.

BTW: My long signal for EUR/JPY @ 149.26 made me 40 pips. Just using the original system. I made above 200 pips since monday.

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Sidus, could you please start a clean, new thread for version 2?  Leaving all the confusion behind would certainly help.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
No problem, I will start a new thread for V2, when it is released.

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
When will it be released?? heheh I can't wait.

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Looks like a signal here on Euro Yen

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
Indeed, I was long on that. Made 30 pips. (had 45, but 15 pip trailing stop, stopped me out) Now the signal is short.

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Im excited to see you back sidus!, i thnk in the last day, you have posted more on this forum then you ever have  Im excited to see how v 2.0 looks!

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Sidus,

Good to see you posting again.  Quite turbulent in your absence.  Yes your system makes consistent profits, this coming from an avid NewsTrader devoted to trading Cable.

For example today at 9:37 am eastern, I shorted AUD/NZD at 1.1757; I exited at 1.1727 at 11:54 am eastern.  30 pip profit on a currency pair I've never studied but followed your system (5,12,18,28 emas), using the 12 instead of the 8 ema.  No fibos, no Vegas, just straight-up Sidus.

Cool runnings, mate.

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
In your original pdf you said you only tested the system on the EUR/USD and the EUR/GBP. Have you since decided it can be used on other pairs as well? What is your average stop loss set at?

Oh, I don't know if you read the post but I suggested changing the color of the 18EMA to pink to make it easier to see the cross. thank you

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
I'll answer part of my own question. I see you are using sidus on other pairs, reading your last posts. But I would like to know what your stop loss policy is. thanks

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Sidus method also work with GBP/JPY & GBP/USD.

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
It will be who that to write an expert on this system?

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Sidus,

Which timeframe is the best for this method 30M or 1HR or 4HR?

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Im Sidus trader for a 3 week now.Imho Sidus system works with all pair. Im using tf30 and tf60 with gu and gj. But we need to find out a good filter for early entry and exit. Looking forward to new Sidus V2.0.

*Today result:

Gu: 35pips

Gj: 25 pips

Us/cad: 90 pips.

Thanks Sidus,Great system

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Thanks a lot. Do you get better results using 12 EMA instead of 8? I'm thinking of changing the 8 into 12, because this works better for me.

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Ive tested other pairs, and as far if I know they all work.

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
I like 4H a lot. Fewer entry's, but they are almost always a sure profit trade.

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Slow day today. The following chart is a trade entered this morning. I have noticed that before I take on a new trade I first make sure that support or resistance has broken. In the chart below I saw the cross then waited for the resistance at 1.4180 to fail. Once this happened I entered the trade.

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Hi....isn't this exactly what Bagovino is doing ?

Future

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
First post.    I want to thank Sidus for this kick ass method -- I seriously believe this baby is going to help me achieve financial independence.

Anyway, I will write a little bit about my experiences with the original Sidus method as well as attach an mt4 I made.

I've been lurking this thread for awhile and have read every single post up to about page 75 of this thread.  I used Bago's method at first, because of the "newer is better" mentality.  Unfortunately, I got chopped up pretty badly (I always trade live btw), and have since reverted to the original Sidus.  What I found out is that it gives the many of the same good signals of my old method of trading (CCI 50 + EMA 34 aka 5034 method from tradershaven.net), but it has far less bad trades.  I did my own experimenting and found that crosses on the zero line of the CCI50 corresponded to crosses of the RSI21, so I programmed both into my MT4 file to as a filter for the Sidus signals.  I have been using this for entries with excellent results on 1 hr. chart on usd pairs, and am experimenting using 4 hr. charts on jpy pairs.  For exits, I exit based on absolute fibonacci (http://www.leftbraintrading.com/).  Absolute fibonacci is pretty cool, because... you just don't know why it works, but it does.  o_O  Same reason why fibonacci works in nature for no apparent reason?  *shrug*  Left brain trading has an mt4 file, but since he's making his livelihood selling his $30 book + mt4 file (a steal imho), I don't feel at liberty to post it here.

Anyway, here is the mt4 that I made for the Sidus method.  Credits are given in at the beginning of the file to Sidus as well as the person I used the mt4 file as a template.  It detects when the wma's cross the tunnel (arrows) as well as when the tunnel crosses (dots) and is filtered by both RSI and CCI.  If you want to remove the filters, just delete the lines that look like this:

RSI > 50 &&

CCI > 0 &&

and recompile or save it and reload metatrader.  You can set it so that it gives sound alerts and/or e-mail alerts.  Note that you have to turn on sound alerts ("Alerts" input) to get e-mail alerts (sorry, too busy trading it to program it further).

I hope this mt4 file can help someone out like how it has helped me -- and Sidus, thank you thank you thank you, and thank you for coming back to this thread!  Hopefully I can quit being a lab rat soon (scientific researchers get paid less than toilet scrubbers btw).  Looking forward to Sidus v2!

Take care and many prayers to all of you, my trading friends.

Anthony

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Hi,

this is my first post at forexfactory... I was reading your posts last couple of days, got to page 16 and then skipped to the last.

Sidus (12 EMA instead of 8 EMA + 21 RSI) system is nice and simple.

I did get some ideas about entry and exit points, I didnt do a lot of testing because I was very busy but I think they could be helpfull:

1. entry point - besides MA crossing, I think it is good to use additional horizontal RSI lines, 45  and 55. So, for long, enter is 5 and 12 EMAs cross AND RSI cross 55 line from below.For short is vice versa... I also noticed that it is good to use two charts, for example, 1H chart for general enter point and 15M for precise enter point.

2. exit point - Problem with MA crossing system (Parabolic SAR also) is that you can get to the same point where you started the position although  there was a nice profit  between two crosses which was not taken. One solution is trailing stop, another is to set target and wait ( also good to take some profit on the run, like 50% at 10 pips, another 25% at 20 and so on..) and the third one is (if I remember correctly, please check it) to wait when RSI crosses 50 line (or 55 and 45  , i really do not remember).

Comments are welcome...

Ferovca

Hmmm... I do not have smart sentence for closing the post...everybody does...

Maybe: Simpler is better...?

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Right before I went to bed last night I entered a short order on EUR/GBP as the red lines had crossed, and when I woke up in the morning to check I had been stopped out at a 15 PIP loss as the trend reversed and crossed back over the other way.

Oh well.....

This method seems fairly simple and it looks like the double cross is not a very common thing to happen so I will stick with it and try again.

Thanks for the method.

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
one of the most useful indicators i have ever seen. what a great job of putting it together. thank you for sharing it with us............vince

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Short Answer:

Better results with 12ema.

Detailed Answer:

As mentioned I tested "Sidus" with 1 lot, live, shorting one of the more "exotic" pairs, AUD/NZD with its 12 pip spread and my having absolutely no knowledge as to how the pair behaves or what time of day is best for trading it. "Sidus" worked fine, particularly when you monitor emas crossing first on the 15M, then 30M, and finally on 1H charts (Tick's contribution). RSI(21) with the 50 crossing before the emas cross, is an additional confirmation but one can trade successfully without it but watch out for "whipsaws".

Further confirmation of "Sidus". Friday morning, 8 Sept 2006 following the Canadian news regarding employment, I was long 1 lot USD/JPY with a 30 pip SL, based on emas (5,12,18,28) crossing first in the 15m, then the 30m, then the 1H. In other words, 5ema had entered the tunnel or river created by the 18 and 28 on all three charts. Beautiful textbook signal.

But then the pair reversed and after probably 20 minutes between 10-15 pips in the red, I decided to close and reverse, going short. Of course after another 20-25 minutes, the pair reversed again and went long, only to plateau at my original entry. So down 20 or so pips (due to the close-and-reverse), I decided to liquidate the position. Probably 30 minutes later I noticed the pair fulfilled my original long TP and more!!! In other words, once again "Sidus" worked, I just didn't patiently wait it out. (NewsTrader at heart: fast, furious and phenomenally profitable!! Adapting to these 3 hour, 3 day, 3 month moves, which while not fast and furious, can also be phenoms!!!)

Conclusion

Good system, capable of consistently profitable results.

Just information; not a recommendation. Individual results may vary depending on experience, skill level, aversion to risk, capitalization and cognitive capabilities.  Forex trading is inherently risky and not suitable for some children nor for many, many adults!

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Now that's what it's all about!! The reason a person is blessed is so he or she can be a blessing to others!!!! Hoard it, keep it all to yourself if you dare and I guarantee it will cause your demise.

Thanks Anthony, for your generosity. Corresponding spiritual blessings in return to you and yours. This seed you've planted shall yield a mighty harvest!!!

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Tunnel looked kind of flat to me, but a definite signal. Also, during asain session. Tough to get a good signal at that time. (Good signal: meaning hard cross up or down.   I like your small S/L.

Jim

Homer goes to the Gun Shop to buy a gun.

Sign in Gun Shop states: 3 day waiting period.

Homer says, "3 day waiting period! . But I'm mad Now!"

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
im tradeing only on gbp/usd, and i think that in last months every strategy should be profitable. I wonder  how to avoid or detect bad months like february or march 06.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
It is almost impossible to detect when a month will be profitable.  It is very hard to do.  Predicting how profitable a month will be is about the same as predicting what the news will be.   It isn't gonna happen.

A person could look at past history and see what certain months did and then see if there is some kind of sequence.

The only way to predict the future is to get a crystal ball.

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Greetings Sidus

In the beginning there was post1[PDF] that for me was the best thing ever to happen in my trading life,as things went on there were changes made and now those changes seem to be the norm,but are they?

In the beginning the indicators where:

18EMA and 28EMA for the 1hr chart

5WMA and 8WMA  8 now changed to 12??

The question now is, have the 5,8,or12,WMA changed to 5,8,or12,EMA

I realise that to some decree they in fact all work, but which of these are the best for your method??.

Thanks for your time

Regards aard

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
aard,

I am not telling you what to do or anything.  I would suggest though, try the very first one out first.  Then make tiny changes to it.  After looking at past data, you willl notice what works better and what doesn't.  Then change one thing again and see if that worked better than the last.  Change something else and see if that worked better.

I am no discouraging you from asking.  I am merely suggesting just because a specific method works for one person, doesn't mean it will work for  the next.  It will take alot of work on your part to check out past data.    It's worth it tough.

I have tried methods of trading that will work "perfectly" for one person and the next person will get burned badly.

I would suggest using the original PDF on your charts then changing the WMAs to EMAs.  Then changing the number of the EMAs to something a little differnat.  Start with 28/18 EMA  5/8 EMA then change the 8 EMA to a 9 then 10 then 11.

After you have done all those WMA/EMAs, you will get a real "feel" for a currency pair.

This is just a suggestion.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
i agree with you, but how some strategy works should be measured in non profitable months .

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Thanks for that renasdad,

I certainly understand what you are saying ,I have been in and out of this forum 4/5 times aday for months,reading and  learning,also any number of demo accounts for over 12mths and a live acc for 10mths, I have had more loseing trades than not,so what I am trying to do is glean as much as possible from the experienced folk here that are ever so willing to share,obviously you yourself and many others,each of you have some little something that the other does not.

I certainly apprecate your input and look forward to doing it again.

Kindest Regards

aard

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
You asked ,isn't this exactly what Bago.system is doing (5,12 cross)? I'm assuming Sidus is still using the 18,28 cross as final confirmation to go with the trade. Maybe Sidus could clarify.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Are you guys licking your chops like I am waiting for a buy signal on the GBP/USD. Seems to me at this level ( below the 3rd fib line) chances are good for an extended upward move.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Ok, is it just me or is this the most nonsystem system going? Yeah it has some basics but even they are not established. It seems the 21 RSI is agreed on but the MAs are up in the air. Sidus step up to your own plate and give some clarity here. Sure everyone will "tweak" things but I'm not even sure what it is I'm needing to tweak. I've successfully traded a couple times in my mini account what I was told is a Vegas variant of Sidus-Bagovino. Clarity please.

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Edit:  I uploaded the wrong file!!  Look at the post following this one for the correct files... so sorry everyone...  =(

---

I'm glad some people liked the indicator.  ^^  Attached to this message are some buzzer wavs that I use to wake myself (and the neighbors) up in case of a signal.  You should only use this if you are confident you could shake off a sleepy head within 2-3 minutes, effectively analyze the markets, place your trade, then go back to sleep.

Anyway, I forgot to say some things in my last post.  This is long (I like to write.... a lot....), so I'll divide it into sections.

How the MT4 Indicator Works

I suggest adding the actual ema 18/28 to see how fat the tunnel is and entering on the signal only if the tunnel is thin or about to cross. I tried programming to make it draw the EMAs, but for some reason, I can't get it to work...

Also, if you scroll back too far, the arrows and dots get all whacky and get placed all over... I don't know how to fix that.  Just close and reopen metatrader or recompile the indicator using MetaEditor.

So how the indicator works...  The dots are pretty simple -- they just tell you when the ema18/28 crosses with no filter.  Sometimes entering based solely on a tunnel cross works, sometimes it doesn't (NZD/JPY seem to work well on Tunnel crosses, but please use your own discretion).  If you are entering in based solely on tunnel crosses all the time, then please re-read the Sidus system.

For the arrows, it happens when the WMAs cross both tunnel lines.  This is the actual signal to get in -- please correct me if I'm wrong.  The arrow is displayed on the close of the candle, thus you would get in on the next candle after the arrow.  Many times I see the candle after the arrow retrace a little, allowing you a better entry point to breakeven with the spread.  These arrows are filtered with RSI + CCI, which you can remove if you like.

How I Close & What I Do in Loss

I actually use both the Sidus tunnel and absolute fibs to close.  If I get in on a signal and am in loss, I do one of two things:

1.  If soon after my entry, the Sidus tunnel crosses (dot) or I get a full signal (arrow) both the other way (crap), I know I'm in for more losses, so I close or close & reverse.

2.  If I don't see or hear a cross/signal, I just stick out any losses I have incurred.  You have to give something to gain something, you know?

As for the absolute fibs, I know I should stay in until the next Sidus tunnel cross (the original method), but keeping in mind the lagging aspect, price action would have to retrace quite a lot OR it would have to channel for some time and then retrace before the tunnels will cross.  Either way would cut into profits.  Thus, I decided to use absolute fibs instead.  At every fib line, I exit out a portion of my trade, move up my stoplosses and let the rest run to lock in profits.

If you don't have or don't want to pay $30 to learn about absolute fibs, then I guess partial take profits at 10-30 pip increments (depending on the pair) would do the same thing.  Please don't kick yourself and think, "I should've stayed in longer!" (I say that, but I do it all the time)    Over the long run, you're locking in profits better -- that's what I think.

Some Notes

As with any indicator, you will get false signals.  Use whatever experience you have to decide whether or not to enter the trade.  I never (or at least try not to) enter in blindly or use indicators as set rules.  In essence, there are no set rules for a fluid market that's ever changing and adapting.  Like Money Ma$ter (and yes, I read about the CC e-mail guy; sad...), I was a news trader in the past before the evilbrokers caught on and started putting me in loss, so I do use some fundamental basis to see which direction I should be trading.  On pairs I am not familiar with, I use some technicals (i.e. daily highs lows, monthly highs lows, which fib price likes to hang around, etc) to see which direction I should be trading.  Really, imho, it is best to not rely completely on an indicator, but to use your brain and all the experiences you've learned to place a confident trade.  I think that's the best filter you can get out there.  ^^

Whew - Best Wishes ><

Anyway, thanks, Money Ma$ter, for wishing me blessings.  Man, do I need em! ^^  I know there are other people like me who are doing this not only for themselves, but their families and loved ones.  Regardless of whether you're doing this as a hobby or to provide, I will continue to pray for all of you.  There is a way for us to win, and we can conquer this beast called forex -- just trust and believe in God, and trust and believe in yourself.  Not many people can read through thousands and thousands of posts, put in endless hours watching charts, watching Bloomberg, following economic indicators, and pouring in sweat and blood for this.   We deserve to be wealthy and happy, and we are all blessed to live in a place that gives us that chance.  Don't ever forget to appreciate yourself and the effort you placed -- even during loss.

Ok, so that's my (long) rant.  lol  Take care everyone!

Anthony

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Just to clarify, are the moving averages 5 and 12 WMA and 18 and 28 EMA?

I've seen a lot of reference to 5 and 8 now 12 EMA.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
BUY SIGNAL EUR/JPY

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Let's see what will happen when market open on monday.

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
I am soooooooo so so so sorry, everyone... I posted the wrong file!  That file will not display sell signals for some reason.

Here are the correct indicator files that I tested and retested to make sure.  Also included is a file that uses EMAs (exponential) instead of WMAs (weighted), since I know some people are using EMAs instead.  You can change 5 and 12 EMAs to whatever you like using indicator inputs.  It uses the same rules as the original Sidus.

Again, I am so sorry about that mistake.  Good thing I posted it late on Friday, eh?  hehehe  ^^

Please remove the previous indicator I posted and use either one of these.  The previous post has been corrected.  Man, I feel dorky for doing that.  ><

Anthony

PS:  Here is a pic of what I see on EUR/USD.  I went in on that on Thursday and exited at +40 pips.  I think that's the coolest thing how price would hang around the fib values.  =D

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Thanks for posting your system Sidus. I look forward in trying it.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
For all those using the EMACrossover indicator as well as the Sidus indicators I posted, and perhaps others that signal moving average crosses, the following procedure will allow you to scroll back and forth without whacking out the offending indicator and having it place signals all over your chart.

The reason seems to be Metatrader's multitasking limitations -- it's trying to download data while at the same time applying the rules of the indicator, making it confused and out of its mind.

So how to get around this that we may backtest any such MT4 indicator?

Short Version Remove the indicator CTRL-O -> Charts tab -> Change "Max bars in history" and "Max bars in chart" to 250000 Turn off Autoscroll Scroll all the way back on chart allowing Metatrader to download data. Re-add indicator Long Version (The Dummy's Guide lol)Remove the offending indicator: Hit CTRL-I, click on the indicator, and click Delete.  Now click Close. Hit CTRL-O (that's O like in "Open") and go to the Charts tab Change "Max bars in history" to 250000. Change "Max bars in chart" to 250000. Hit OK Go to the Charts menu and turn off Autoscroll. On the chart, scroll ALL the way back, as far as the chart will go.  This will make Metatrader download all the chart data.  You will see how much data is being downloaded in your connection status. Scroll back and forth on the chart -- it should be smooth and quick, since Metatrader is no longer downloading data. You may now re-add the indicator:  Insert (menu) -> Indicators -> Custom -> Name_of_My_Offending_Indicator. Voila!  Now you can scroll back and forth for 2 years (on hourly chart) without your indicators going all whacky! Note that you will need to repeat this procedure if you change timeframes and/or chart pairs.

I am now backtesting the Sidus method (or well, the mt4 indicator I posted that's based on the original Sidus).  My conclusion so far (Jan-Mar 2004)?  It's good - even after denting it with worst case scenarios and inefficiencies.  It's so good, it's almost too good to be true...  It worked two years ago and it's working now...  I just... I feel like... like I'm gonna cry, man.  ;__;  ...finally... A tech method that works and keeps brokers from messing with me.  I can survive without fundamentals...  I'm so... so happy...   You da man, Sidus.  **sniff**  You da maaaan!!!  **cry**

Hot dang.

Anyway, after I finish backtesting, I'll post my spreadsheet.  =D  And yes yes, I know that past performance is no guarantee of future results; blah blah blah.  But it worked, had worked, and is working, so get it while it's hot, right?  ^^

Yes, I'm finally shutting up for now lol  ><

L8rz,

Anthony

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Anthony,

Thank you for this great contribution. I never use EA's, but I will certainly test my own :!

Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Sidus needs to step up to his own plate?  Hell, he "invented" the plate.

I believe I posted on the very first day that Sidus released his Method.  I haven't read every post since then, but I understand what went on.

Predictably, the thread grew to be bigger than huge and the Sidus Method got tweaked beyond recognition - not by Sidus, but by other contributors - most of whom were well meaning.

I'm kinda troubled by the Bago-Ego spin-off that ultimately happened... trashing Sidus on Bago-Ego's way out to starting his own thread.

But Sidus owes us nothing.  He shared knowledge with us freely and we all owe him a debt of gratitude.  Thanks, Sidus!

Now, Sidus, if you CHOOSE to post some tweaks or more advanced trading techniques - I'll be there with you from the very beginning again.  Don't let the in-grates get you down.

Happy Trading!

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Thank you Sidus for the comment on using 4H timeframes.

Personally, at this point, I would prefer to trade with the lowest risk of loss and I am willing to forego potential profits in order to achieve this.  As a result I spent last night backtesting the 18/28 crosses on 4H charts and found that while there were fewer trades (this actually might not be bad since it also means paying fewer spreads), with VERY few losses and very nice gains.  Being more of an active trader, the only downside for me would be my impatience with locking in profits since the trades would last longer than I am used to holding them.

I am actually very impressed by the results I see from backtesting and will begin trading this.

I also need to thank you for giving me the tools to make a net gain of over 200 pips on 3 trades on Friday.  I am sure that I will be making far more in the future using it.

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
moon,

Did you just use the 18/28 cross?  Or did you use the 5/8 cross as well?  Also, did you use WMA or EMA?  I am curious cause with my computer time is very shortened now days and I would really like to trade on 4 hr charts.  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Sidus, thanks for your method !

Slnkez, thanks for your file!

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
On Friday I was using very strictly the ORIGINAL Sidus method as outlined in the first post of this thread.  I made 4 trades, 3 with profit and the 4th where I violated the method resulted in a 14 pip loss.  Total net profit was just over 200 pips.  I could have stayed with the trades for more pips bur I was getting too tired to make good decisions and one trade I closed just before the end of the week's trading because I did not want to hold it over the weekend.  Truthfully, the system would have dictated staying with all 3 trades for more pips, but why be greedy?  I am quite satisfied with a 200 pip day and wish they were all like that.

I spent yesterday backtesting on 4H charts, which I had used with Vegas method but not Sidus method, and looked at the proposition that the 18/28 crosses would result in even more conservative trades than the 5/8 crosses.  Based on my backtesting, I found that there were fewer trades this way, but virtually no losses.  There were some cases where trades would have resulted in getting out at or close to breakeven, but this was when the pairs were ranging.  This seems to work best in trending markets.  My backtesting seemed to indicate that the 4H charting was extremely effective in trending markets, but seemed not to be able to respond fast enough in the ranging markets which frequently seem to move over shorter time periods.  I will need to test that particular proposition further before I am sure.

I would be interested in hearing whether anyone else is finding anything similar.  I suspect that my next task will be to determine under what conditions 4H charts result in the best profits and under what conditions it may be more advantageous to revert to the 1H charts I had been using before.  For now, this is just a possibility, based on an observation, not on any testing.

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
I’m sorry, but I think something got confused here with me. I thought that the 8 EMA(or 12 EMA) was supposed to cross the 18 EMA for an entry signal. That’s what it says in the original PDA. I have always traded like this also using the RSI indicator. I always used the 5 EMA crossing the 8 as a point of interest and not a signal.

I could be completely wrong; by maybe having missed an important post all the way back there (this thread is big!) I’m not critiquing you here, just trying to clarify something for my self.

BTW I love this thread. Its back to the way it should be!

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
First of all, thanks from another admirer of your system

However, I a still confused with your 5 and 8/12 MAs. In your original PDF these are WMAs and not EMAs. Then Bag came along and suggested 5 and 12 EMA were superior to 5 and 8 WMA.  So what is the latest Sidus approved set-up please???

Thanks for clarifying!

(I have read much of this monster thread but not all so apologies if this has been answered previously)

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
I am sorry if I confused anybody.  On Friday I used the ORIGINAL Sidus system as outlined in the attachment to the first post in this thread.  I traded 5/8 crosses which crossed the tunnel.

After Sidus' post about using the 4H  chart instead of the 1H chart which I had been using, I started thinking.  He said that using the 4H resulted in very few losses but also less trades.  Since I would like to have fewer losses at this point, even if it means fewer trade signals, that appealed to me.  I am looking for more conservative ways of trading at present and this led me to consider whether using the 18/28 cross on the 4H chart might be a good and very simple signal if one were looking for very conservative trades.  So far this would appear to be the case in a trending market but it looks as though the 4H charts may not work very well in range bound markets unless the range is fairly wide.

I am just looking at present for different options, partly to see what will work under different circumstances and partly because I am trying to find signals with lower risk, even if it means fewer trades.

I hope that someone else also wants to investigate in that direction.  I, for one, like the idea of lower risk trades if I can find a good way of doing it.

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
If you are confused, I would say to stick with the WMA's as WMA's are more evenly weighted than EMA's resulting in more "accurate" moving averages. Thusly, you should get more quality signals.

Bago's EMA method is a way for him to jump the gun by a few degrees, so to speak. He tends to be right more often than not, but the WMA will give you that little bit more safety since it is a bit more conservatively computed.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Hollis is essentially correct.

Original Sidus used 5,8 WMAs and 18/28 EMAs, preferably on the 1H but could be used on 30M chart (see first post, attached PDF).  Over time, this evolved into 5,12,18,28 EMAs with RSI(21) as confirmation when greater (long) or less (short) than 50.  Renasdad summarized the evolved Sidus in his journal (see below):

The Following is from renasdad at ForexFactory.com<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o></o>
<TT>Here is a run down of the sidus system.  I like to call it "3Phase".  It has three phases to it. </TT>

<TT>When talking about this, I will talk all in buying.  For selling, just switch it around. </TT>

<TT>Phase 1 </TT>

<TT>On a 30 minute chart, you need a 5 EMA and 12 EMA.  Also,  RSI(21 period)  with a level 50 line. </TT>
<TT>Those are the only indicators needed on a 30 minute chart. </TT>

<TT>What to look for on phase 1 </TT>

<TT>5 EMA will cross 12 EMA from below to above.  RSI needs to go above 50.  Wait for a candle close before taking a trade.  This guarantees it wasn't a fake signal. </TT>
<TT>so, for phase 1  5 crosses the 12 going up.  RSI crosses 50 going up. </TT>

<TT>Phase 2 </TT>

<TT>Once a trade is opened, switch to the 1 hr charts. </TT>

<TT>This is what you need on a 1 hr chart. </TT>
<TT>5/12/18/28   All EMAs    I am looking into the RSI for use on the 1 hr chart but for now, I only use these EMAs </TT>

<TT>What to look for on phase 2 </TT>

<TT>5 EMA crosses 12 EMA Which will then cross the 18/28 EMA.  If the 5 and 12 EMA cross the 18/28 EMAs that is confirmation of trend. </TT>

<TT>Phase 3 </TT>

<TT>This phase is for taking profits.  This differs with people.  It depends on how they like to trade.  For me, I like Vegas 1 hr tunnel.  Some use support/resistance,  some use Fib levels. </TT>

There was additional evolution after this point but as I read the thread the additional tweaks only confused many.  Using either Original Sidus or Evolved Sidus will work.  Hope that clears things up.

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
My original system was with 5 & 8 WMA's. In version 2 it will be 5 and 12 WMA.

Not ema's. Wma's ar more weighted, so more accurate.

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
spam might slip by in a few threads on this forum but not the mighty sidus thread. LOL. the power of friendship and teamwork. i dont have time to keep up with things like i used to but i make time to keep up with this thread. keep up the great work.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Wow James16!

Im really excited to see your name pop up here. If you read this, i just wanna let you know i love your "Chart Thread". I have a notebook with a bunch of stuff i wrote down from when i read through it.

Anyways, Thanks money. I read that back a while ago and i must have gotten some things mixed up through time. Good refresher. As a newb of 4 months, I have been tryin to learn as much as i can and sometimes i forget the most important stuff.

<3

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
thanks liquid. i have been lurking since the first week. i dont want to distract from the cool stuff going on here so i keep quite. im around though and i check in at least once a day to keep up. great thread and teamwork. backtesting, demo and teamwork. three ingredients for success. i have not come off of demo yet with sidus but i like what i see so far.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Indeed, again a PERFECT example of my method.

I went LONG @ 148.24  (75 pip profit)

and James16, welcome to the thread. We can certainly use your knowhow and experience.

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
I went long on the same pair and  got 70 pips. Yey

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
I also got signals for:

USD/CHF SHORT@ 1.2436 ( 20 pip profit for the moment)

EUR/USD LONG@ 1.2708 (16 pip profit for the moment)

I use a 15pip trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
I also see a potential cross for  SHORT @ USD/CAD.

I will take a risk and go short before the cross happens. Short@ 1.1180.

This is a risk, so if you want to stay safe, don't get into these kind of trades. But sometimes you will be able to predict a cross. I'm hoping that this is one of those kind.

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
Hello...please somebody help me if in my MT4 there are no SMA, WMA, and EMA, then where I can get all of them..thank You.... I am using a version which was downloaded from North Finance...thanks

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
I think that everybody should keep an eye one GBP/USD. It is likely that we will get in the near future on the 1H chart a LONG signal. But please, be carefull. Wait untill the cross is there.

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
My friend MT4 has all you need. Read the manual.
http://img177.imageshack.us/img177/2...6060833jh4.png

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
particularly risky given the housing starts data later today.

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
Hi Sidus,

I just wanted to ask: since you use the crossing of the 18/28 pair by the 5/12 WMA pair as entry signal, do you really go by the 5 WMA moving past first to signal or wait for the 12 WMA to follow?

Because in EJ I can see that you sort of went one bar early, as the 12 WMA was still UNDER the 18/28 EMA pair when you entered. The bar close actually was at 148.30 on my chart (Did you enter 6 pips early? Why), next bar had its close 148.54.

Also: have you considered going by the 5 WMA crossing over 12 WMA alone IF the 18/28 pair is close together/tight already? It can mean an extra 10-30 pips at times and maybe help get less delay? (basically what bag did with the ema cross instead of waiting for getting past the 18/28)

Euro entry for example would have been 1.2682 instead of 1.2708...

Also, keeping in mind what Vegas had posted initially, a good place to take first profit would have been 1.2647 + 89 => 1.2736

Assuming you have a 15 pip trailing stop, you got stopped out 13 pips lower instead as 1.2738 made an interim peak. Using Vegas fib nr logic and the earlier entry you could squeeze an additional 25 pips out of the same trade, no?

But I am glad that you set a good example by using a 15 pip stop, I keep trying to tell people that with these systems if a trade goes, it won't come past you more than maybe 20 pips and if it does, it's most likely not going to work out at all and more stop will just amount to more loss... (>>>momentum trade!!!)

Just wanted to hear your opinion on these ideas, not trying to sound like a lecture

Congratulations on achieving celebrity status, this thread is fast becoming the hangout place of the FX stars ;D

*waves to james*

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Hello everybody,

what do you think about AUD/JPY?

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Heya SL,

More and more I'm coming to realise that this is, in fact, the case most often than not. I'm not convinced about the more volatile majors, but for the other pairs this is definately something that people need to look at as a way to cut losing trades loose asap rather than try to keep themselves in the trade in the hope that it reverses.

Cheers,

Art...

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
I don't know if anyone here has read the Mechanical Discretion methods but one thing used for a MA cross system is a breakout of two consecutive candles of the same color with the second candle passing the first.  In other words once the 5 crosses up the 12 you would look for the first blue (in my case) candle - which may be the candle on the cross.  Then you would look for the next candle to surpass that candles high before entering a trade.  He goes further to state that the "breakout" candle needs to happen within the next two candles, but I was never really that strict.

I think if you back test this you'll see numerous occassions where this has prevented entry into a trade that would not have made it.  It also prevents the need for later crossing of other MA's IMHO.

Just thought I'd add some more thought to the process.. :-)

Jason

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
for those of us who've fallen behind on this thread is there somebody willing to summarise the current state of play with this method?

the thread is nearly 1500 posts long and is too big to follow for us lazy gits...i read earlier on that v2.0 is next for release?

much appreciated...thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
This is a very good idea, would appreciate it

howard

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
I'd recommend also looking at the PDF from the very first post.

Sidus says:

I don't want to jump the gun, but I think it went a bit like this...

Sidus used to use 5 and 8 WMA and now version 2 will use 5 and 12 WMA instead. No idea whether on close or median or what, but I assume on close.  And he didn't enter when the 5 crossed the 8 or now the 12, but when that happened and THEN both crossed the 18/28 combo, when the 18/28 pair was squeezed together tight, as this makes the best trades.

(basically this just represents that the market has stopped whatever it was doing and is now trying to decide on a new direction and the crossing of the fast WMAs past the slower EMAs tries to interpret this as a decision to "go somewhere" and tries to ride the momentum. this is the reason for me advocating small stops...)

As opposed to bagovino, Sidus waits for the WMAs to actually move past the 18/28 pair first, whereas correct RSI (<>50) and the fast EMA cross of 5 and 12 alone is enough for bagovino . Correct me if I am wrong here.

More safety I think is his(Sidus') reason. It does make you miss pips occasionally, but I assume he saw it also prevent fake signals?  Haven't spent that much time looking into it...

Also Sidus uses 5 and 12 WMA, bago believes in EMA...to each his own, to be honest there isn't exactly that much difference, both give fake signals and need some amount of discretion and/or experience or just plain good old money management to allow for these fakes without thinking twice...

IMHO using good MM you can take any and all signals and still end up winning as long as you make at least 1:1 and > 50% of all signals work...adjust r/r and % accordingly and statistics are your friend

The RSI 50 thing is just an attempt to get more reassurance that things are bullish or bearish when the crossings happen..

Oh and one last thing, the reason some trades lately that weren't actually proper signals if you consider RSI worked out was because nippy or EJ for example showed a pin bar and these two systems both get you into a pin bar trade early or at the same time as the pin breaks....funny coincidence ;D But it works

A case where price action and MA cross systems coincide

I hope the confusion is now complete ;D

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
Great summary ;-)

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
thank you sir.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Dear Sidus,

Do you use Fibs line in your version 2 ? Why you do not combine it with your method?

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Anyone took a long on GBPUSD?

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
yes i took long GBP/USD

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Long on both GBP/USD and EUR/USD, both showing some profit.  Looked like good trades to get into.

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
yes, i took it at 8680

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Hi,

AUD/USD Long - fits the method.

Anyone took it?

mrtrader

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
isn't 18/28 EMA not narrow enough?

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
I took USD/CAD short

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Well, I was looking at the 30 min for the first fase - it just crossing and the 5/12 cross above it .

But you are right. On the 1H there is not a signal yet.

Thanks.

mrtrader

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
gbpusd is pretty "ugly" at the moment...positioning for the upcoming news probably?

http://img7.picsplace.to/img7/26/gbpusd.png

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
I'm Longa for gbp/usd  (20pip profit, with 15 pip trailing loss)

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
well, we are home free now. +40 pips so far

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
At which candle did you enter Sidus? Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
@1.8696

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Looking at that price and the time of the post, that was right during the news release and the surge that came with it....no offense, but that means it was a newstrade rather than a "Sidus" system trade...

Last night however the fast 5 WMA had crossed over the 12 and moved past the "EMA railroad" along with RSI rising above 50 at candle with close at 1.8678. I assume this would have been a valid System trade? It stayed over the rails as well as the slow WMA and is still on.

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
I think it can be considered a long valid signal...but due to ranging conditions the past couple of bars it might be a risky trade...and thank to the news it move to the right direction as per Sidus' method signal...

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
It took 5 days and 5 hours for me to read all the post on this thread. Nice system here.

Sidus, may I ask you some questions ?

Since the 1st post i've been read, there are lot of conclusions.I'm a newbie here.Could you make your last system now (maybe make some last conclusion) and maybe attach some of your chart you're using now ?

Your system using 1H chart, how could you know when exactly the red's tunnel  (18&28) cross ? I always  left behind when  the red tunnel crossed.

Are you using some alerts or what ? Could you attach your alert in MT4 maybe ?? Please, i'm just confuse on what will i use on the chart.

It would be very grateful if you answer it and make some help with me. This is the best system i've ever read. Thx a lot Sidus.

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
I’m new to all this, so pardon me if I seem to be a bit pedestrian.

Are all values correct?

SIDUS 2

This is what I have so far.

5 and 12 Linear Weighted Moving Average, Shift 0, Levels 0, Apply to close,

Visualization, All Time frames, Show in the data window.

18 and 28 LWMA, same as above.

Relative Strength Index 21.

The is a graph beneath the chart with the scale showing 100, 50, and zero, reading from the top.

Thank you, layer.

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
18 and 28 should be EMA

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
and no RSI

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
After studying the charts, it is apparant that the bagovino system, and sidus's system are essentially identical.

Both use a 5/12 cross. (Granted they differ on the use of EMA vs LWMA)

Sidus uses 18/28 EMAs to determine the long term trend.

Bagovino uses a 21 period RSI.

Place sidus's 18/28 EMA's on any chart, and then place a 21 RSI on the same chart.

Notice anything?

I'll tell you...

LONG:

As soon as the 5/12 cross, and price touches the 18/28 EMA's going up, and they cross, (Sidus's real GO signal), RSI goes positive. And as long as the 18/28 tunnel is BELOW the price, RSI will remain positive.

SHORT:

As soon as As soon as the 5/12 cross, and price touches the 18/28 EMA's going down, and they cross, (Sidus's real GO signal), RSI goes negative. And as long as the 18/28 tunnel is ABOVE the price, RSI will remain negative.

Depends on the flavour you like, but ice cream is ice cream.

Thank you Sidus.

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
In my oppinion this is a week trade BUT im fallowing this method to see what happens. Here it is:

Short AUD/USD at 1:45 EST .7513

((1hr chart)waited for WMA 5 to cross the narrow "red river" then waited for a chance for a little retracement, which it did and it didnt recross, I ENTERED shortly before closeing of the bar(15min))

15 Pip SL set at .7528

Goal 1 =Close HALF of position .7498 (+15)

Goal 2 = Every +10 pips to move SL up +10 pips to maintain a 30 Pip manual trailing SL (OandA needs this feature)

This is an example of how I plan to trade this system in the next few weeks(demo ofcourse) I sort of like the idea that if i hit the first TP, I really cannot lose money. So many times I have lost money after a retracement towards the river. I guess thats how to learn good money management Trial and Error.

I thought id share this with you fellas. Let me know what you think. If you think im an idiot PM me, It hurts my feelings to do it public.

<creative quote=""><3 Dont get cocky with the market, it will save you a lot of $

</creative>

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Hi Liquid,

I'm in the same position short audusd.  Pardon my ignorance I'm a newbie but I don't understand "TP HALF"...  do you mean to close and open a new trade?  Please enlighten me what you mean by TP HALF .7498 (+15).

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
I personally wouldn't take that trade but I hope it works for you all. To me it's just too risky of a trade for too few pips.

Ton of support at .7502, if it breaks that then you might be in for a ride.

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
What i mean is you close half of your position. That way if it reverses and hits your stoploss, you can do no worse then losing 0 money. The only risk to doing this exists in the first 15 pips.

I hope this doesnt sound like a tactic for scared money. Its really just part of my money management.

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
imbiber,

I know what you mean. Im actually looking for advice on the money management side of the coin. do you think it is a good plan? any ideas on how to improve it?

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
I'm the last person to give advice on MM as I'm still learning myself. Several times I have gotten very conservative with my stops only to be stopped out then have the trade continue on in my direction for another 100 pips. Right now what I do is when I have 25 pips profit I move my stop to BE+1 and then use a trailing stop by 20 pips or so.

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
What type of stop are you guy setting when you open a trade based on a signal?

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
I too was conservative with my stops and ended missing a lot of pips.  I've been trading on demo for 2 months now and I take this very seriously so much so that when I lose I can't get myself to open any trade -- I just stare at the screen scared to make a move.

When I found Sidus method I started putting my stops @ 20 pips and tp @ 30 and things started to give some results.  Later it seemed the 20 sl is still not enough so now I use 30 and put my tp to 40.  When I hit 15 pips I put a 15 pip trailing stop to be sure the least I get is a breakeven (15 pips is minimum sl with my broker)

I'm still learning how to use indicators to guide me in placing stops, but so far this sytem for sl and tp works for me.

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
Thanks for your response

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Hi,

I was just wondering, since in a lot of trades Sidus seems to enter as soon as the 5 WMA moves past the 18/28 EMA combo, do we really need the 12 WMA? As opposed to bags mod, Sidus logic doesn't enter on a 5/12 cross, but basically really when 5 WMA moves past 18/28 EMA, or am I mistaken?

So what good is the 12 WMA except for perhaps providing some sort of visual band aid as to which side/where price has been lately? (or like with the guppy MA's, to give a guess of how much spread/condensed price action has been, but that we've already condensed down to the 18/28 EMA railroad, right?)

Oh and the second thought was: do 15 pips trailing stop work well for you on 4h? I know it's usually fine on 1h, but is it doing ok on 4h EUR/USD as well?

Anyone can feel free to answer these, but I'd love to hear from Sidus himself about it, too

Best wishes!

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
It seems I have been missing all the good signals this week as I'm only awake during the NY session. This is a trade I just entered based on the following indicators

1. 12 had crossed 28

2. support at 94.22 has failed

3. RSI below 50

4. 18 and 28 about to cross

My first TP level is 33 pips south of 94.17 which I will then move my stop to BE + 1 and trail from there on out. I placed my orginal stop at 94.44 which is just shy of 30 pips.

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
YOu are not using the 5 WMA and the 12 WMA?  Have you found these MA work better?

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
I have never compared the two actually. Just what I'm used too. I had read the very long thread on another forum about the BGX and when she switched to EMA's so did I.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
Anyone short or looking to short eur/jpy soon?

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
Wallym,

Looks like it is getting favorable.  It should dip below the RSI 50 soon.

Do we wait till it goes below the vegas 1hour tunnel?

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
i just took it, based on 30m amd 15m and boredom. plan on dumping at 149.10

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
Good job Liquid11, it broke support and you are in profit mode.

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
It's been bouncing on/off on the 1st upper fib line of the vegas 1h tunnel. And with the news coming out later from Japan regarding the BoJ minutes, a short trade might be really favorable.

Check this news.

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
Thank you, and thanks sidus. I also closed half of my position! the worst that can happen now to me is that i break even (AKA waste time). The best that could happen is still up in the air i guess since it is on the last fib of the 1 hour tunnel(if i have it configured right)

I gotta admit, Profit Mode sounds really cool to me.

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
Best wishes![/quote]

Hello SeekingLight,

Sorry I haven't tried using 15 pip SL on 4H yet.  I trade 1H according to the mighty Sidus sytem.  I still use the RSI 21 though before I enter but once I'm in I  remove all other indicators and just watch the candles jump up and down.  :

As for setting SL and TP on opening, I use a figure rounded to 10 because it allows me to execute rapidly.   For example the price is at 1.2650 and I want to go long I simply delete the 2nd to the last digit (5 in this case) and substitute 2 to make 1.2620 to give me 30 pips SL.  I do the same with TP by adding 40,  quickly changing 5 to 9 to give me 1.2690.  No complicated calculations  allowing me to execute in a few seconds and depending on movement can save me a few pips.  I just keep in mind the two numbers + or -30 and + or -40 and make necessary adjustments once I'm the trade.

Sidus, thanks for sharing this system.  You'll never know how much you changed peoples lives and their familes and friends and grandsons and granddaughters.  Infinite blessings be upon you!

To all the wonderful people who never tire of sharing you will harvest great abundance!

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Hi Sidus,

it's good system you'd made ...thanks..

btw May I post your system in my site for free?

=====================

Link removed by Moderator

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
How do you set a trailing stop with MetaTrader 4?

I tried and it didn't seem to work right.  Would like to have a 15 pip trailing stop after I take my first profit.

Thanks!  Love the thread!

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Your broker has to specifically allow it/support it. Some like MigFX need a written request before they enable it. Contact your helpdesk.

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Hi Prasxz,

I had a look at your site, I see you're collecting mt indicators.  Are they for MT3 or MT4?

IMHO would be nice if you could include some description?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
100 pages now... maybe I should start paying attention to this thread?

wait... 100 is not a fib number is it?

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
Hello all - sorry about the title!

Just have been reading this thread for some time now, as I go thru it there really hasn't been anybody stateing how much money they are making or the win - loss ratio - like for example is anybody making a living just on this Sidus system alone or are you doing something else - other trading.

It's a lovely easy set-up to follow.  I see a lot say they get stopped out and then it takes off again - you need to get onboard again - well that's what I've learned with other signals, even though you get stopped out and if your signal lines up again, you need to take it if it fits with Money Management.

I am not a professional or anything, but I won't really like to know exactly what money people are making and alot are from DEMO accounts too, I don't see too many putting there real money up - I could be wrong!

Cheers all and it's been a great thread to read.

Natalie

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
We know that the market is in consolidation...But did anyone take or planning to take the short signal on EURUSD?

http://img6.picsplace.to/img6/26/eurusd.png

Seems to be a valid Sidus signal? Thoughts please...Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
I'm just waiting on WMA to cross over the 2 EMA's, but looking like its happening now sir !

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Do an expert on this system with filters as in an indicator Sidus WMA-RSI+CCI Filter.

Very good on GBPJPY and GBPUSD.

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Pardon me for being a little curious but I cant hold my self back from asking any longer.  I was wondering what the status of Sidus 2 is.

Are you testing her?(to say that its already completed?)

If not is it what you would consider a compilation of everything we have all have contributed?(bagoegotrip-method?)

Im not tryin to beat you to death with these questions but I cant help but wonder. If it is released it would be so much fun testing it out. When I see Sidus duece out, Il probably do some backflips and leap for joy a few times!

<3

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
Be careful of the indicator -- my Metatrader programming is a little shaky.  I recommend it for alerts only and adding the actual lines to validate the signals.  Don't trust the indicator 100%.  In fact, don't trust any indicator 100%.

With that said, I've made about 200 pips this week.  ^^  Sidus, you da man.  I don't know when your version 2 will be released, but I'm pretty spankin' happy with version 1.

I suggest backtesting for yourself.  It takes time, but you gain one important thing with this and other mid/long term strategies.  Trust.  With trust comes confidence, and with confidence, comes... pips!  Even with 12 pip spreads, it's all good (people trade level 1, level 2, I'm trading level 99999999...9, next to the nine hells -- if it weren't for God, I might fall in).  =D  Take care, folks.

Anthony

PS:  To scroll back on charts quickly, hold PgUp.

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
Well, I think original Sidus on H4 charts looks pretty good from here.  Haven't looked very hard at H1 but I don't see problems with Sidus 1.

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
thank you for sharing this!  I'm getting better results with this than systems I paid for, (being a gullable noob!)

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
How do you construct Vegas Fib Lines? What are they?

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
How do you use the CCI as a filter? What settings do you useon it?

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
What has hapened to this thread?!

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
was wondering same thing, i hope they didn't start a chat room. that usually kills most good threads

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
I agree.  I am a newbie, but I have beem looking forward to more Sidus posts and all other contributors to this method.

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
Do I see an opening trade for cable...on the basis of sidhus........

According to  the indicators we should be short at this time so I am short @1.8996 with a stop @ 1.9030 profit. well target  30 pips

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
I don't see the same opening, what TF do you use? can you post your chart?

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
Can anyone help me with setting up 18 EMA & 28 EMA indicators? I use MT 4. Attachment would be very helpful. Thx in advance

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
I dont know if I am using the indicators properly please can you help sidhu.....

With some kind of revision or MT4 Indicator

The one that I have got is attatched is this the right one

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Two reasons why a thread goes stale:

#1.  Everyone's too busy making money to post.

#2.  Everyone's losing too much money to post.

For me, too busy making money.  bwahahahahaha  ^_^  Seeing +180 pips on my platform... *sniff*  Brings tears of joy to my eyes.

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Can anyone help me with setting up 18 EMA & 28 EMA indicators? I use MT 4. Attachment would be very helpful. Thx in advance

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
On the main screen of MT, go to the top tag option and choose Insert->indicators->Trend->Moving Average, then a popup window of moving average is appeared. From there change the option Period to 18, MA method to Exponential. Use the same method apply to each chart window ( that is each currency pair windows ).

Once is done. Do the same for selecting the 28 EMA.

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
Yes that's the correct one. It uses the 5/12 ema and 18/28 ema with dots and arrows to signal buy and sell opportunities.

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
I know we use 1 H TF for Sidus, but is this system works with other TF?

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
I think the 5/12 are wma's and not ema's. Please correct me if I am wrong.

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
The indicator uses EMAs. What follows is an excerpt of that code:

// Original Sidus Method filtered with RSI and CCI.
// Edited by Anthony Pham using EMA-Crossover_Signal.mq4 as a

// template.
//(Jason Robinson, jnrtrading, http://www.jnrtrading.co.uk)
/*

+------------------------------------------------------------------+

| Shows an arrow when there is a Sidus signal. Shows dots when |

| the Sidus tunnel crosses. Blue dot confirms uptrend. Red dot |

| confirms downtrend. Alerts on Sidus signal by default - Sounds |

| alert and sends e-mail. |

+------------------------------------------------------------------+

*/
extern bool Alerts = true;

extern bool Tunnel_Alerts= false;

extern bool Email_Alerts = false;
#property indicator_chart_window

#property indicator_buffers 4

#property indicator_color1 Aqua

#property indicator_color2 Red

#property indicator_color3 Blue

#property indicator_color4 Red
#property indicator_width1 1

#property indicator_width2 1

#property indicator_width3 1

#property indicator_width4 1
double CrossUp[];

double CrossDown[];

double Tup[];

double Tdown[];

bool DownTunnel = false;

bool UpTunnel = false;

bool Signal = false;
extern int FasterEMA = 5;

extern int SlowerEMA = 12;

extern int FasterSidusEMA = 18;

extern int SlowerSidusEMA = 28;

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
1H TF is recommended but will work on 30m and I believe it will work on 4h. 1 hour chart is the recommended chart, so use it.

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
Hello Money master,

I thank you for replying to me....but please could you post the template in mq4 format.....

Thanks

Rav

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
Hi MoneyMaster,

I understand what that indicator is set up for, I was just stating what Sidus is using in his system. The original system (post #1) states 5 & 8 wma. Sidus has since changed that to 5 & 12 wma.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Does anyone else use this system on other pairs besides the EUR/USD and the EUR/GBP?  If so what have your results been.

And whats this I hear about 5/12 EMA  I have been using the 5/8 WMA to test it.........

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
The SIDUS method incorporates the use of the 5 and 12 WMA, not EMA.  Read back and you will find that SIDUS uses WMA to judge price movement sooner.  The original method was with the 5 and 8 WMA.  Of course you use the 12 and 28 EMA for the tunnel.

Some others have talked about 5 and 12 EMA, but SIDUS reemphasizes the use of 5 and 12 WMA.

The method works for other pairs, but stay with the 1 hour time frame.

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
Actually the tunnel is made up of the 18 and 28 EMA.

Sorry for the mistake.

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Anyone took the short on EURJPY?

http://img6.picsplace.to/img6/26/eurjpy_000.png

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
Rav,

What I listed was taken from the code of the mq4 attached to YOUR post for the indicator.  So in other words, you already have the template in mq4 format.....

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Thanks Oakie.

But then there was no need to quote my response to Rav regarding the indicator using 5/12 emas because Rav's question (and my response) was irrelevant to what Sidus originally used.  And no need to ask for correction if you're raising a completely different point, your point being what Sidus used in the original post.

In any event, Rav has his answer, you made your point and the beat goes on.

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
Hi all,

Wow it took me a a few days to finish reading this. After much tinkering this is what i can summarise about SIDUS.

1. Good for trend trading.

2. A lot of fake breakouts even after rsi filtering.

3. Subjected to whipsaws.

4. A potential pip harvesting system similar to OCC created by twoblink.

5. Kills you in trendless markets.

All said, i wanted to make a system that could work well during trendless markets and trending market. But how?

Something came to mind after i read Akuma's posts of his Bollinger Breakout system. The system itself averages about 30-100 pips per trade, it potentially rides short term trends effectively but misses out on the long term trend. A good scalping system

And this is my solution to it. Combine both techniques to maximise both trending and trendless ,market.

Akuma uses a rainbow mma which is a great tool. You could recognize the change in trends just by looking at how the mma slopes form. This will be THE MOST IMPORTANT tool in this new system. He also used the bollinger squeeze indicator to check short term accumulation, which i will incorporate into the new system. I will also instead use an RSI 9 instead of the proposed 21 to maximise oscillation plays.

Am i right to say that this is how market works .....consolidate-trend-consolidate-trend etc etc....

so this is my preposition.....

http://www.thefreeimagehosting.com/U...9210newsys.JPG

http://www.thefreeimagehosting.com/U...rging_zone.JPG

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
And this is how Sidus could be maximised in a trendless market

http://www.thefreeimagehosting.com/U...ation_play.JPG

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Hi Jest,

I think that's quite a lot of work and effort you put in and it seems like an interesting system. I would suggest two things:

1. Start your own thread, because the system-mix seems to deserve that much, and work on it to see how it goes

2. Be aware that you might be falling into the traps that a lot of beginners fall into: wanting to ALWAYS trade and make profit and wanting a system that has a truckload of indicators to have more reassurance. The market seems complicated, so you need a complicated system, right? (I'd say: not really)

But of course you can complicate things and still end up winning, which is why I suggested starting something yourself, you seem to have a good eye for ideas and new ideas are always worth considering and developing in any matter.

I respect the effort put into it and if you think it's a good thing then go for it!

Best wishes & good luck,

SeekingLight

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
I agree with Seekinglight. You will receive many comments and criticisms...some constructive others confounding, as your concept evolves. So please start a new thread.  Then we can proceed with clarity and avoid a repeat of the confusion that grew out of the Sidus-Bagovino combination.

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Hi guys,

Thanks for the contructive posts, i will have to backtest it in order to know if it works.

Initially i the system does look like a load to swallow but i think its just sounded so. Basics of the technique remains...Sidus methodology is the top priority. I added the rainbow so that i am able to see the trend curve clearly, which would help me to consider if i should be in scalp mode or trend trading mode. RSI 9 is used for scalping plays.

Other than that there is no change to the basics od Sidus...the way i see it, this is not a new system...yet... but just an added feature to identify the strength and weakness of an ongoing trend.

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
All - question is mainly for Renasdad because I've finally got the to end of the thread from post 1 and have seen him join the thread, go through the amendments with Bag, go back to the simple method and come out the other side. (sounds like some sort of endurance test)

Questions -

1. Do you use RSI anymore?

I suspect not because either of the below indicators includes this aspect.

2. Which indicator?

'EMAcrosswithRSI3' or 'SIDUS-EMA RSICCI filter' (realise there's the WMA version of the second one but I believe this is personal choice)

EMACross appears to give a lot more signals

SIDUS_EMA give less signals but appears more consistent.

For either signal - If you were to ignore the Vegas aspects (which I know you don't), but would you trade on an 'arrow' from either indicator or would you wait for the arrow and then trade once the confirming 'dot' appeared for the RSI/CCI aspect.

3. VEGAS aspect

You said you trade at tunnel or extreme fib level.

Hypothetical situation - If there was the perfect setup from above with whatever indicator you use but price was in between the vegas tunnel and the extreme fib would you leave it alone because of your personal rules?

I know I said it's mainly for Renasdad but I'd love for others to comment if you want.

Be happy.

Don't worry Renasdad - Have just read the whole bago thread and all questions answered. Sorry to waste space everyone.
If you've got questions, invest the time and read both threads. all the info is there.

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
Hi

I m using 1hr chart with:

5-12WMA

12-28 EMA as tunnel lines

RSI=21

------------------------

My question is:

a- Do we have to consider which crossing first. I mean do we have to consider Tunnel crossing first then WMAs to open a position.

b- or if WMAs cross first and tunnel lines cross second, the entry trade remains applicable.

Your reply is much appreciated.

END

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
Hi,

For me its the price that tells you the details....the formation of the candles will tell whether it will be a cross or rather bounce off the MA and WMA. By looking that the colored MMAs it tells u if the short terms are weakening, mid terms and long terms. You should substitute the MMA im using with Guppy's version, it would be simpler to see. I use RSI 5 or u can use 9 as an oscillator and rsi 21 as a trend indicator as intructed by Bago

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
sry bad post pls refer above

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
I've recently started using the Metatrader charting prog.

Question: How can I get an audible alert to funtion for a MA crossover? Is there an Indicator written for this system (Sidus) that will give an audible alert when the 5 crosses the 12 ? I live in the EST zone and would love to be awakened at any time with a trade opportunity in the early hours. I could place the trade, set the stops and go back to sleep. Then I can wake up with lots of profit!

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
I don't know which indicator EA you have loaded but I didn't have a down arrow at this point. But that aside it is good to use discretion at a point like this. Notice that the pair just finished a stong up move. I've found it is not wise to trade against a recent move like that as the signal just may be a brief correction before a continuance as it actually turned out to be just that. The signal given about 7 hours later was the way to go. It continued what the strong move up had begun.

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
I've only checked back briefly on a few pairs (Euro,Pound and Swissy vs. USD) but I've noticed that when the indicator EA  AX512EMACROSSw/RSI (posted somewhere earlier) has an Arrow (the cross) and a Dot (the RSI) both on the SAME bar the percentage of good trades is increased. The following bars most always go in favorable direction. This means fewer trades to be taken but with a higher percent of winners you can trade less often with more size. Maybe someone here will be interested in checking this out with more focus as I've only gave it a brief passing investigation. Also it could be exanded to include trading when the two events are within one bar of each other instead of only on the same one hour bar. I would think this is the result of higher volitility hence bigger moves that result. Also from what I could see this tends not to happen during a consolidation which could help protect from whipsaws. IMHO

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
Thanks

i learn

i find Sidus's new version 2 ?

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Hi,

Whats Sidus's latest system? Is it still the one in post 1?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
the same question here  ???

~Walid

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
I believe that the anticipated Sidus v2 is not available yet...Thus, we're still working on the original method as posted -- except for a small change. Instead of 5/12 EMA we are now using 5/12 WMA (or LWMA).

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
do we have EA to test ?

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
Thanls for fast reply

~Walid

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
Kenari,

See my Post on the main discussion regarding my EA called Flyer!.  It is based on the Sidus method in principle.

Girlflyer

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
MoneyMa$ter: Is a downloadable file for this alert available. If so can you or someone else post it. Thanks.

I.M.

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
I.M.

See post #1515 in this Thread or click on link below:

<TABLE cellSpacing=3 cellPadding=0 border=0><TBODY><TR><TD>http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...attach/mq4.gif</TD><TD>Sidus-EMA RSI+CCI Filter.mq4 (7.7 KB, 85 views)</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE>

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
MM-thanks for the indicator- when used with the fisher-jurik below- it serves as good filter. also the f-j is excellent on a 4 hour chart

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
For all of those out there that are using/testing the sidus method, please share your experiences and results.

I have been using the system for about 2 weeks and so far I like the results, but I still need to determine the best places to put stops and TP for best results.

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
kewl.

Fisher-jurik seems to provide an early entry/exit signal (depending on the trader's aggressiveness), confirmed later by the 5/12 cross, yes?

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
It's a good indicator- I like to use it on a 4 hour chart! If scalping is a sport you enjoy then throw the Fisher_Yurik up on a 15m eur/jpy chart!

This trade is like the energizier bunny- it made a nice base at .25 then you get the green light form F_J for a long with the Sidus confirmation. It'a not as quick as a FA news pop trade but much less stressful.

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Thanks,  MoneyMa$ter.

I.M.

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
use fisher-jurik indicator  parameters default ?

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
Hi.

I use this method only few weeks, but really think, this method is one of the best what i ever used. Very  particular about entry/exit signals and easy to understand.

Thanx Sidus for sharing.

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
Hi everybody,

I'm just discovering this forum. great stuff here ! Can somebody tell me if there is a version 2 of Sidus method and why we don't have any post of him since a while ?

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
When did the 5/8 cross become a 5/12 cross? Would someone point me at the post where this happened?

I see great potential in this method but really don't have time to read 105 pages of posts. I've downloaded the original document (which refers to a 5/8 ema cross) but if that's changed it would be really good if the author would revise the PDF accordingly.

I'm not lazy - honest! Just want to get to the current rules of the method.

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Sorry, I just had a peek at the code of the Flyer EA - it uses 5/8 cross. Is 5/12 a typo?

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
hello everybody,

is there a tradingroom on paltalk ?

and whats about the password?

thx

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
Also somtimes this indicator removed signals arrow!!!

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
I think Fisher Yur4ik is one of those indicators which paint the past.

I try it myself. Does anyone have try this indicator too? Comment, please.

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
Hi.

What is the update S/L for this system. Could someone point me please

Thank.

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
Nooo guys...don't use this one.It repaints the past.I know it's awesome,but, in real time it's not good. because it change the past values with new bars. Below attached the good version.

If you search on google,you'll find most posts speaking about this indicator that seems the holy grail.

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
Those who still follows the Sidus system, are we still trading on 1H chart or is it more advisable to switch on 4H?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Can I get clarification on this method?

You use 5 and 12 EMAs instead of 5 and 8 WMAs is that correct?

Then for the entry you have (long):

5 crosses over 12

Then 5 and 12 cross the tunnel

Then RSI moves above 50 (below 50 for short)

Stay in the trade as long as the RSI is above 50 (below 50 for short).

Is this correct?

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
Hi All

I have a problem with Sidus WMA indicator the signal arrow removed when i changed to another time frame & back

Please i need your help ASAP to solve this problem

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
So what are the rules for using this indicator as a filter?

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
I need help.. question is.. what charting system is the most recomendable according to your own experiences. The one I am using (default chart from www.day-trading.com) does not allow for many of the features recommended by Sidus Method.

I would appreciate some imput on the matter

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
To make a decision usually I'm using D1 H4 H1 and M15 (some expiriences).

I never use M30 coz facke signals.

I'm not using indicators, I'm nort reading news, I'm just trying to use my own brain.

Last 2 days IB demo (example).

I need help.. question is.. what charting system is the most recomendable according to your own experiences. The one I am using (default chart from www.day-trading.com) does not allow for many of the features recommended by Sidus Method.

I would appreciate some imput on the matter

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
Sorry.

What is WMA?

ISHAY

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
SMA = Simple Moving Average

EMA = Exponential Moving Average

WMA= Weighted Moving Average (or Linear Weighted Moving Average)

Don't ask me to explain them.

Just mess around with them on the chart, and see the differences between them.

OK?

"I think I am, therefore I might be".

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
Thanks Canados, I'll give it a shot.

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
Thanks - I don't believe in the Holy Grail but F-J gives off nice signals on longer time frame charts. I'll give it a look

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
Linear Weighted Moving Averaege (WMA)

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
I've just downloaded the PDF so will give it a try.

Just a thought here but has anyone tried it using AMA, they seem to be a bit faster in responding to changes?

Does anyone else here use spread betting platforms?

Looks very good so far from what I've read in this post.

Regards

DS

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Hi canados,

Are you using this indicator along with Sidus method? What are the "rules" in using Fisher?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
Hello mate......perhaps you'd care to elaborate with regard to AMA?

For the last week or so, I've been going through this thread, and also Bagovino's thread, learning a hell of a lot in the process, but I haven't come across AMA before.

Also, you're the only one who's referred to spread betting.  I've been messing around spread betting with a demo account, as I'm more interested in that than signing on with a broker.  It's the "no tax, no commissions" that attracted me!

I'd be interested in your experiences with any spread betting you've done, mate.

Cheers for now.

--------------------------------------------

"I think I am, therefore I might be"

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
Hi Eyevoltage,<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o></o>

<o> </o>

The AMA is called an Adaptive Moving Average, I came across it in some magazine and it looks pretty good. See the attached PDF file for further info.<o></o>

Unfortunately my maths isn’t great and my programming is as bad so can’t explain it to you, but the formulas are all in the PDF file.<o></o>

I’m relatively new to the Forex market (6 months) but learned so much in that time, thanx to forums like this excellent one. I started out using spread betting and haven’t had any problems with it, there are lots of SB brokers out there so it’s a matter of personal preference, but I use the following:<o></o>

<o> </o>

CMC Markets – VERY competitive spreads, 2-3 pips on the majors – Huge selection of currencies etc – Not web based unfortunately, you install their platform onto your PC and it’s not the most user friendly, but OK when you get the hang of it – I use them for any trades that have to be rolled over as they do it automatically and cheaply too.<o></o>

<o> </o>

Finspreads – Almost as competitive with their spreads as CMC – A more limited selection of currencies etc – Web based and good simple interface – I use them for intraday trades only as they are kind of expensive for rolling over trades into the next business day.<o></o>

<o> </o>

Capital Spreads – Very similar to Finspreads, except that they double their spread overnight!!! Don’t use them now because of this but otherwise very good.<o></o>

I’m based in the <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags" /><st1:country-region><st1lace>UK</st1lace></st1:country-region> and the tax free thing is a big bonus with SB as its regarded as betting, you don’t need as much money either, so it’s easy to start off with a lower bank and you only really use the money itself if you lose a trade. I prefer trading with a real account (you can trade with as little as 50p per pip) as it’s the emotions which are the difficult thing to control, you don’t have this with the demo accounts so it’s a very different experience!

I use MT4 to set up my trades as none of the brokers have decent charts and then just place my trade with my chosen broker. The only thing you don't have with SB is trailing stops, which is a pain.
<o> </o>

Hope this is of some help.<o></o>

<o> </o>

<o> </o>

Regards<o></o>

<o> </o>

DS

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
hi, i use sidus like the latest default settings with the stoch 21,8,13. sometimes it conflict. stoch signal for oversold -> buy signal,, while sidus crossed make it sell signal. is there any setting to stoch i can use optimally?

tf is 4h

Thanks

Pics is H4 USD/JPY

[img]file:///C:/DOCUME%7E1/ADMIN%7E1.SER/LOCALS%7E1/Temp/moz-screenshot.jpg[/img]

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
Hello again, mate.

Thanks for all the info re the AMA, which I found really interesting.   I could see the immediate advantages of this moving average......can't fault the logic at all.   Only problem now is how to get it onto MT4, which I use also.   I see what you mean about the maths!      Never been my strong point, unfortunately.   I wonder if there's anybody out there who could construct an AMA indicator to slip into MT4's database?  Now that WOULD be handy!

Re the info on SB firms.  The only demo I've actively had was on Capital Spreads, but I haven't used it for some time.  I was actually looking for a simple and effective system or strategy to use, and sort of "came across" this forum by accident.  I've been absolutely amazed by all the information on offer, plus the generous nature of all the participants.

Anyway, I've been following Sidus's and Bagovino's threads for a couple of weeks and now I'm trying out different ways of using their systems.  I'm glad I saw your post, mate, because you can maybe answer the question I've been wanting to ask on this forum, but didn't know who to ask, seeing as 99% percent of them don't spread-bet.

You say you use the MT4 platform and trade through CMC.  Do you find any difference in the prices when switching from one to the other?  How long approx does it take you to determine your trade, switch to CMC and actually initiate it successfully?  I hope you see where I'm coming from there, as my computer isn't the newest one, and tends to run a bit slow, so I was just wondering what you'd found out about using MT4 and a separate SB firm?

By the way, for your information, I'm also in the UK, up here in Cumbria.

Thanks again, mate.

Cheers.

---------------------------------------

"I think I am, therefore I might be".

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
Hi,

Can anyone tell me how to use the MTFchannel properly? What is the setup and time frames. Is a document available explaining the use? Pictures would be most helpful. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
@ Eyevoltage

As regards the AMA I think I’ve found one in the Metaquotes site, never looked there properly before, follow this link http://codebase.mql4.com/indicators?p=8 and its on P9.

Yup, it’s a great site this, one of my main research points before I started trading, this and the Andy X – Insider Signal course.

I don’t know why more people don’t spread bet, I see nothing but advantages using it.
Maybe it’s the stigma associated with betting!

I only use CMC if I’m either sitting at my home PC OR putting on a trade that will last for more than one day. As I work full-time I can’t monitor the trade 9-5, that’s why I like a web based platform one like Finspreads or Capital, I can keep an eye on things from work.

There is a small difference in prices between MT4 and the SB platforms, varies by broker, but around 2-3 pips, but you can’t get away from that anyway and I haven’t found it to be a problem.

There usually isn’t a big rush to get the trades on unless I’m trading the news releases, in which case I have MT4 open and the SB platform open at the same time. If I’m at work when the news is released I use the basic charts from Finspreads, I get everything set up ready to trade a few minutes before the news release, and when I see the candlestick chart start to move at the appointed time I quickly switch screens and hit the buy or sell button, works pretty well, but you have to move fast before the market reverses as it sometimes does. I’ve found that mechanically straddling the market is pointless in these cases as your order gets filled too late and you end up losing pips. The Non-farm payroll report on the last Friday of the month is a nice easy 100 odd pips for about 15-30 mins work.

With regard to your PC, shouldn’t be a problem having MT4 and your SB platform open at the same time, main thing is that it doesn’t crash when having both open, a fast Broadband connection is probably more important.

My PC spec is a P4 3GHz, 1GB RAM, 260GB HDD running Win XP with a crappy 512KB BB connection (too far from the exchange etc) and I have no problems.

Don’t know about older PC’s, but I don’t think these applications are particularly CPU intensive, best to try it and see how you get on.

Regards
DS

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
I don't use fisher anymore for the reason I explained above. Now I'm testing the sidus combined with some braintrend indicators and vegas 4 hour tunnel. By the second I decide if  I'll open only short or only long. I also look the daily momentum using a 5 SMA and a 55 H+L/2 MA. Precise rules are not fixed yet.

Canados

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
I use two charts for each pair because too many things on one chart confuse me. So I look also at the template below. I use it bacause all those moving averages tell me something on explosive movements and the indicators are for momentum
[Picture size greater than 600x600 deleted]

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
1 hour chart or 4 hour chart. it seems to be ok for both...any suggestion?

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
Sorry to have been so long in replying, mate, but other things needed attention, I'm afraid!

Anyway, I'm really grateful for all the info you've sent me re your spread-betting activities.  I meant to tell you the last time that I've opened a demo account with e*trade, because somebody else on here said that it usually filled an order within 3 to 6 seconds, which apparently is pretty fast.  So I opened the account with them, and then started looking for a decent system cum strategy.

Jargon such as stop-loss and limit order are pretty self-explanatory, but the one thing that's puzzled me re the actual brokers a lot of these guys use on here, is the trailing stop.  In other words, I take it that one fixes a stop-loss that just trails behind the price as it rises or falls, depending on the trade.  Now you tell me that SB Brokers don't allow one to use a trailing stop, is that right?  So there must be an alternative, otherwise how could anyone sleep at night????

Also, these lads trade in lots, but it's a little different with SB's, isn't it?  I'd be grateful if you could give me a little more info if you don't mind, regarding the equivalent procedures?

Anyway, I do hope that you haven't deserted this thread yet, or I won't get a reply!  Look forward to hearing from you, mate.

By the way, if you're still around, it might be a good idea to start our own thread re Spread-Betting, don't you think?  Us two would probably be the only ones on it, but at least we wouldn't be stepping on somebody else's toes, would we?  Anyway, let me know what you think.  You never know, we might attract other SB enthusiasts!!

Oh, another by the way!!   I found that AMA indicator in a list on the MetaQuotes site.  I've been messing around with it, but it's going to take some getting used to, I have to say!  It's still intriguing, though!

Cheers for now

-------------------------------------

"I think I am, therefore I might be..."

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
Hi Eyevoltage,

I had a look at e-trade, their spreads seem a bit large, EUR/USD and GBP/USD 6 pips, personally I would be looking for 2-3 pips spread for those two pairs.

To be honest their order fill time of 3-6 seconds is the same as Capital, Finspreads and CMC.

You got it right with the trailing stop, none of the brokers for SB I've seen appear to cater for it which is a real bummer. It does make it more inconvenient as you have to keep changing your stop manually, but no choice there!!

I haven't a clue how the 'proper' trading works involving the lots, mini, standard accounts etc. As far as I can see with SB you don't actually buy or sell anything, unlike the other form of trading, all you are doing is betting on which way the market is going to go, basically the same principle there. For example, if you had £1000 in your SB account, the money is never actually used unless you lose your trade, an amount is usually reserved as margin (deposit) and if you win your trade this margin is made available to you again as well as what you have won. If you had lost your trade the margin is still returned and the amount you had lost would be deducted from your account. It's kinda difficult to explain, sorry.

I think starting our own SB thread would be a great idea, just not sure whereabouts it would go in the forum!! Don't want to hijack this thread!!

Would be nice to get further input from any other spread betters here, if any!

I still haven't had a chance to test the AMA in MT4 but hopefully soon, like you I've been preoccupied with other matters  :-(

Regards

DS

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
dsinclair999

Hi again, and thanks for your reply, mate.

Just a quick one to let you know that I've started a thread on Forex Discussions.  You can't miss it.  It's labelled "Spread Betting"!!

So I'll see you over there as and when, mate.  Ok?

By the way, name here is Paul.  Can't keep calling each other by our usernames, can we?

Cheers for now.

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
what's happened to this great thread???, Sidus where are you ??

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
Hi Sinkez... I use your indicator. It have great feature i just needed... I found that arrow were not showing at proper place or even worst, dissappear. So I modified your version so there is no CCI filter, only RSI. Results are great! No more redrawing of the arrow indicator/alert. Really...  So it' 5/12 ema 18/28 ema, RSI 21 cross at 50, no CCI. Just great as is..  I think the CCI is redrawing?  Anyway will let you know further testing.. I just put // in front of the CCi && lines And recompile. Thank you for this indicator again.. (I mean it). Will be crying and laughing in same time if it can work! I went ALL IN on  a LONG GBPUSD! Will let Sidus reverse it.

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
to: GreatYves

TIA

Pepe

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
After studying the Sidus method I have began to do some trades. Currently up 92 pips on the Euro and up 120 pips on the GBP. Im stoked.

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
I went in at 1.8729 the 24 oct it's now at 1.8902, 173 pipos up in less then 48hrs... Hummm.... Sorry... One minute...  I've drop some tears of joy....

Ok, here's the versions i did, one is NO CCI, one is NO RSI and NO CCI. I use the no filter one it's still very good maybe not on all pairs but good on GBPUSD.

The problem with these indicator (problem for me only) Is sometime it will give two buy or sell alert in a row, I guess because when the ema go inside tunnel and then comes back out on the same side as previous, it makes a second alert in the same way.    My system is built so it reverse on any alert. So i cannot afford to have it reverse if it's not the case....  I need somebody to help me so indicator will not ring alert more then once for a same trade... Or something tha can run different alert type. Hope you understand what i mean..  Let me post here the modified indicators, Fell free to check gbpusd around 14 august on H1 and also on previous dates there are double alerts... I only need that it ring only once when trend reverse. Any willing freelancer can PM me.

This will do my day.

P.S. This indicator is DA BOMB! Just follow the arrows...

P.S.S.Thanks to SIDUS. The tunnel is an effective filter. Were you inspire by another system?  So far can you disclose what value/filter you do use in your v2.

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
GreatYves <

What is the difference between the 2 indicators ?

Which one is purely 5/12 ema cross and RSI 21 (level 50) cross ??

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
Sidus-ema.mq4 is purely sidus. Sidus-ema Rsi filter.mq4 do have the rsi 21 filter and the one with cci filter added is posted earlier in this thread.

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Hello sidus,

Well done for the good job.Thanks for keep us updated.But as a new member here,i will like to know how to upload the sidus fmq4 file into my metatrader.i downloaded already.Could you please tell me how to do this.

Thanks in anticipation.Doing a Great work.

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
I just got a signal on the one hr chart to short the EUR/USD.

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
There is a file in your Metatrader 4 file called experts. Just drag it in there. Restart Metatrader and make sure you have "view navigator". Under experts, drag it to your trading window.

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
it's an indicator, right? If so, drag it into experts/indicators.

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
guys, I think I found a bug:

PHP Code  1) SlowerEMAafter = iMA(NULL, 0, SlowerEMA, 0, FasterEMA, PRICE_CLOSE, i-1);
1) FasterEMAafter = iMA(NULL, 0, SlowerEMA, 0, MODE_EMA, PRICE_CLOSE, i-1);

Whoever the programmer is:

1)why do you use 'FasterEMA' as MA-method?

2)why do you use SlowerEMA as period for FasterEMA?

and btw, you're not using any of the *EMAafter, right? I mean it's better not to use them since (if it works at all) it seeing into the future.

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
Tradeigel,

I assume u are mq4 programmer. Did u check on Sidus-ema.mq4 or the one with filter ??

I find at times the arrow supposed to come out but did not. Only when u refresh the indicator did the arrow/alert comes out. Did u solve the issue with below solution ?

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
Well, yeah, I'm a programer. But since I just learned about the indicator, I am not able to say if the bug you found is solved. However, I think I'll have a look at SidusMethod + -indicator so I'll let you know in a few days.

BTW, the bug I found doesn't matter at all because these two lines of code aren't used.

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
AS i already pm to Compro, This indicator is buggy. Made me loose lots of pips because Arrow show up but ring only when it want...  For the arrow dissapearing, i found out if you remove the cci filter i think it wont do it again. The alert on the tunnel cross work fine but not on the Sidus Alert. It show the Arrow only but does not ring always... I'm off trading till this is fix... I like th indicator very much it worth somebody make it a ggod indicator. Maybe we should ask people like CodeGuru or other well known programmer? Or should we wait a bit? Somebody may be looking into it right now? Hope you fix this mister programmer.

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
Below code is buggy. Anyone here can solve the Sidus-EMA.mq4 attached by GreatYves.

if (

( // Conditions for up signal for EMA-Sidus crosses

(( FasterEMAnow > fasterSidusEMAnow && FasterEMAnow > slowerSidusEMAnow ) ||

( SlowerEMAnow > fasterSidusEMAnow && SlowerEMAnow > slowerSidusEMAnow )) &&

( FasterEMAprevious <= fasterSidusEMAprevious || FasterEMAprevious <= slowerSidusEMAprevious ) &&

( SlowerEMAprevious <= fasterSidusEMAprevious || SlowerEMAprevious <= slowerSidusEMAprevious ) &&

// RSI > 50 &&

// CCI > 0 &&

UpTunnel

)

)

{   // IF all that above is correct, then do this:

UpTunnel=false;

DownTunnel=false;

Signal=true;

CrossUp[i] = Low[i] - Range*1.6;

if(i<=2 && Alerts && !upalert)

{

Alert (Symbol()," ",Period()," Mins  Sidus LONG ");

if ( Email_Alerts ) { SendMail("Sidus LONG "+Symbol(),""); }

upalert=true;

downalert=false;

}

}

if (

( // Conditions for down signal for EMA-Sidus crosses too

(( FasterEMAnow < fasterSidusEMAnow && FasterEMAnow < slowerSidusEMAnow ) ||

( SlowerEMAnow < fasterSidusEMAnow && SlowerEMAnow < slowerSidusEMAnow )) &&

( FasterEMAprevious >= fasterSidusEMAprevious || FasterEMAprevious >= slowerSidusEMAprevious ) &&

( SlowerEMAprevious >= fasterSidusEMAprevious || SlowerEMAprevious >= slowerSidusEMAprevious ) &&

// RSI < 50 &&

// CCI < 0 &&

DownTunnel

)

)

{   // IF all that above is correct, then do this:

UpTunnel=false;

DownTunnel=false;

Signal=true;

CrossDown[i] = High[i] + Range*1.2;

if(i<=2 && Alerts && !downalert)

{

Alert (Symbol()," ",Period()," Mins  Sidus SHORT ");

if ( Email_Alerts ) { SendMail("Sidus SHORT "+Symbol(),""); }

downalert=true;

upalert=false;

}

}

}

return(0);

}

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Compro the indicator is originaly post by sInkez see post 1393 in this thread. I haven't done anything sInkez already suggest. (to remove the filters). Hope somebody mess with it and debug/improve it! I just want the consecutive buy/sell alert, i make a Stop and Reverse system out of it for manual trading. When price went up today, Arrow showed up early but no alert! I back test the indicator and the alert on arrows are random... There ok on the tunnel cross, not the sidus cross.

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
i emailed sInkez for help. Hope to hear from him soon.

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
I'm confused here!!

Has this method been superceded by the 'Bagovino method' or is this a totally separate method?

Only reason I'm asking is that someone had posted that the Sidus method was superceded by the Bagovino method, but can't locate the post anywhere!!

Regards

DS

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
Sidus ,

Your method is excellent , I carefully watch any improvements .

Please, may you give us your new method ?

With respect ,

A French fan !

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
OK, I now have all those pretty EMAs on my chart, but are pretty useless unless you know how to use them? What do we do with them all? Trade in the direction of the cross? If so, do we wait until each and every one crosses, or do we enter when 1 or 2 or maybe 3 cross?

I'm trying to read up on his MMAs but any help would be appreciated.

Mike

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
Perhaps you can try this link http://www.guppytraders.com/gup329.htm to take as a starting point. This technique could be very profitable on any market if somebody learnt to use it at least medium level...

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
Hi,

Can someone please tell me what indicators I need for this Sidus method and where they can be downloaded also where I might find the rules.

I could start at the first message and work my way through them but its going to take ages.

Your help would be much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
[quote=Noel]Hi,

Can someone please tell me what indicators I need for this Sidus method and where they can be downloaded also where I might find the rules.

I could start at the first message and work my way through them but its going to take ages.

Your help would be much appreciated.[/QUOT

Noel,

I would advise you to read the total input of this thread from start to finish, only after doing so will you fully appreciate the ins & outs of this highly profitable approach.

BabeFX.

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
[quote=BabeFX]
Agreed! Reading not just the indicators, but also peoples thoughts, comments, questions, etc would help greatly in understanding this method!

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
Hi to All and a special hallo to Sidus

<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o></o>

Sidus,
thanx for this method, I took the weekend to study it and will start live trading as soon as the next signal comes out, when will the much anticipated 2<SUP>nd</SUP> version be released
<o></o>

dsinclair999 <o></o>

Sidus was the first method, Bagovino created his own method slightly different from the Sidus, and on the 30min charts for an early entry<o></o>

<o></o>

Noel, <o></o>

I agree with the others, take the time to read the whole thread, I did it this weekend (+/- 5hours), but the Original Sidus method can be found at http://www.forexfactory.com/forexforum/showthread.php?t=6137&page=1&pp=15&highlight=sidus

Also have a look at [link removed - see forum rule 2]

Have a PIPtastic day

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
Thanx for the reply FX.

Cheers

DS

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
Thanks Babefx  Cheese and FX1618 for the replies,

looks as if I will be busy for the next few days reading

up on this system.

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
Hi,

Anyone know where I can read up on the workings of Vegas 1 Hr Tunnel?

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
Hi Noel

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...ead.php?t=4365

and again tx to Sidus

hav' a PIPtastic day

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Thanks again FX1618.

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Hi everyone. Does any body know if there is any proper indicator with alert for the sidus method? There are some out there but none seems to work properly. I had one last version that alerts are very well placed and it's seem almost perfect on loading, the only MAJOR bug is that it's not refreshing. I need to switch time frame to have the new arrow show up. Is there any good programmer who can help with this one??? I'm surprise that there is no reliable sidus alert indicator outhere. Maybe it's a sign this alert is so good nobody want to give it away? I would pay for it.

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
I am training about forex trading for 6 months .

I notice that Sidus method is good  but not perfect .

I think that 1 usefull filter, and whatever, anytime usefull tool is

1 HOUR CHART  21 RSI.

Whatever method, you use, I sincerly advise everybody to use 21 RSI for 1 hour chat, everytime.

When it falls to 30 , you may buy.  When it reaches to 70 , you may sell.

Scalping looks almost a crazy way of trading.

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
Not sure what you mean by Scalping, but that’s not what the Sidus method is about

In ranging markets you will take your odd 10 pips with the original Sidus Method, yes, but for instance, just in the past 24 hours, 1 Buy Signal came out on the EURUSD 1hr chart at approximately 4am GMT +2. If you haven’t exited yet, although it already gave the exit signal, you will still be 40 pips in the profit. That is not scalping

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
Greetings to all! I suggest you to look modified RSI and it would be desirable to learn your opinion. (actually it from a paid package).

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
THX for this, but this is RSI 14..is it better then RSI 21?

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
RSI 21  is far better than RSI 14 .

I know Sidus does not deal with scalping .

I had few wrong signals with Sidus , so now, I overall look Vegas on long term movement, and 21 RSI for shorter term movement.

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
You Right, THX

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
People! You compared RSI with RSX?

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
Try to put RSX21 on 1Н

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
Я говорю о RSX

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
Я говорю о Rsx (прошу прощения)

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
I speak about RSX (I am sorry)

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
WAW!!! Speak on English here man. There are only BURJUI. and they dont speak on russian. Only real men speak on Russkii.

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
aaaand.... Where is Mr.Sidus? He said, that he'll put here a new version of his method. I think many people are waiting this "version 2".... Mr.Sidus... where are you?

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
Sidus, we love you.

Where are you???

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
On Contrar mon Frere. Where are you Sidus?

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
What indicator and setings you use?

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
I need to know the instruction about to put the sidus method automative into  my live account.

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
Hello,

I'm still alive! I'm still testing my V2.0

For the moment is V 1 still better using extra RSI for an extra confirmation.

Keep on trading!

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
SO glad to see you back Sidus!

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
I have been successfully testing and live trading version 1 along with MACD and Slow Stochastics indicators for confirmation.

I look forward to your comments and posts concerning a new version.

Thanks for your educating us with your method.

Jeff

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
Mr.Sidus, but if i will use RSX for confirmation ?

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
I'm On Board..........Keep Up The Good Work!!

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Hi, I believe this system is really good, but there must be a way to incoporate the sidus method with the RSI indicators into an EA right?

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
Originally Posted by eddyann

hi, i use sidus like the latest default settings with the stoch 21,8,13. sometimes it conflict. stoch signal for oversold -> buy signal,, while sidus crossed make it sell signal. is there any setting to stoch i can use optimally?

tf is 4h

Thanks

Pics is H4 USD/JPY

[img]file:///C:/DOCUME%7E1/ADMIN%7E1.SER/LOCALS%7E1/Temp/moz-screenshot.jpg[/img]

Please, say me who can. What it indicators and what their parameters?

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
Oligarh, please... read all from firs post and you'll understand everything.

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Actually, download the attachment from SIDUS's first post, change 8 WMA to 12 WMA, and add RSI 50 crossing in the direction of the trade, and learn it.

Too many others have complicated the basic profitable method.

I make it work demo and live.  I learned it right after SIDUS's first post.  I use MACD and slow stochastics for indication of price direction change and pending trend reversal.

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
Didn't you mean to say, "the RSI 21 crossing its 50 line in the direction of the trade"? Someone might think you are using an RSI 50 for the indicator.

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
You are correct.  That wasn't very clear.

RSI 21(period) crossing over the 50 line.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
Just finished reading this thread all the way through and I will be testing this over the next week or two before I open my live account.

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
Something unclear about Sidus. Finally, What cross should be taken? Once the second MA usualy WMA 12 have finished crossing the tunnel? Or only when tunnel 18/28 cross? As much i have read the sidus text it's unclear. He say to stop at first cross this is usualy 5-12 WMA. Entry 18/28 cross? It need time filter or bye bye account..  Or something i didn"t understand. Please help cause i dont see this method profitable for the moment.. As much anybody say, this method still lag to much or i didn't understand. Don't trust any of the indicator you'll find here in this thread with nice arrows seemed well place but they but they appear everywhere on forward testing and make you loose money, and once you reload the indicator, ho! all the bad arrow disappeared because cross no more valid.

I suggest not take trade outside outside market hour.

Good luck develloping your V2 Sidus.

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
I am 100% on the same line as you , Great Yves.

Sidus method is hazard .

It does not give 100 % safe signals .

I advise everybody to use RSI 50 ; with :

-1 red line at 70

-1 red line at 50

-1 red line at 30

That is definitely, the best indicator.

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
Do you suggest using the RSI cross at 50 only for entry/exit signal? Already checked that one, will trig you in to late... On big move you will get long at the top of consolidation move most of the time...

I'm looking to other method...

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
That is true that RSI 50 might be late .

But I prefer a late signal, than a fake signal.

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Then you should check the daily fozzy method, might fit you better.. The RSI8 crossing an EMA8 on opposite side of BB20 is a way better signal then RSI 50  cross alone. On any time frame...

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Interesting read. Very Similar to some others I have read. A little more complexed though. But I'll give it a shot! Thanks for your strategies.

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
i like it but it seems to me like you give up to many pips waiting for the 5 and 8 to cross the tunnel.  I would exit when the 5 and 8 have crossed.  I have been using a similiar technique but with the 10, 20, 50 and 89 ema's. I enter with a cross of 10 and 20 and will exit upon it breaking the 20 or 50 ema depending on the pair.  good info and i will try your method. thanks.

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
how can i install flyer method in the mt4 platform?

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
AKANE

When you have developed the method that gives 100% reliability please sent me a PM. I will gladly pay good money for such a method.

BabeFX.

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Ha ha ha ha... You are funny boy...

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
So, I do demo trading trading the famous, OANDA CORPORATION.

So, my charts are on :

EUR/USD

USD/JPY

USD/CHF

EUR/CHF

EUR/JPY

EUR/GBP

GBP/USD

With OANDA , I have got ichimoku kinko yo 7-22-44, daily.

Then, with metatrader, on the same currencies,

I have got Vegas chart 4 hours,

Then, I have got SIDUS method 4 hours on these currencies on metatrader, and MACD 12-26-9

STOCHASTIC 5-3-5

For my information, I use forexfactory.com

and about the US news, I use briefing.com

So, now, BABE, give me the promised cash , in € please !!

GOD BLES THE QUEEN

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
Go to the Girlflyers thread....  You will find her info there, do not confuse her method with Sidus since she uses different TF with some filtering though her method is based off of Sidus.

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
How can I instal Sidus live trading on mt4 platform. I could not find necessary fails. I found indicators file but this is not enought.

Please help!!!http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...cons/icon7.gifhttp://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...cons/icon5.gif

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
Babe, try the Bagovino Method.... 5, 12, 18, and 28 ema's....rsi 14.... make the 18 and 28 ema's red, and the 5 and 12 colors of your choice..... The 18 and 28 show what investors are holding, the 5 and 12 show what traders are doing.... go long when the 5 crosses the 12 upwards and the rsi is above 50.... take a short position when the 5 crosses the 12 downwards with the rsi dipping below 50..... demo it first and see for yourself how profitable it can be.... I'm currently trading the eur/usd with it....

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
wow ..gee i thought it was rsi21..?

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
So, I do demo trading trading the famous, OANDA CORPORATION.

So, my charts are on :

EUR/USD

USD/JPY

USD/CHF

EUR/CHF

EUR/JPY

EUR/GBP

GBP/USD

With OANDA , I have got ichimoku kinko yo 7-22-44, daily.

Then, with metatrader, on the same currencies,

I have got Vegas chart 4 hours,

Then, I have got SIDUS method 4 hours on these currencies on metatrader, and MACD 12-26-9

STOCHASTIC 5-3-5

For my information, I use forexfactory.com

and about the US news, I use briefing.com

So, now, BABE, give me the promised cash , in € please !!

GOD BLESS THE QUEEN

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Do you sleep? (joke...)

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Bonjour. Which time frames do you recommend?? I usually use 4 & 2 hour charts and, when a trade is indicated, confirm with 1 hour, 30 & 15 minute charts. Not always confirmed though!!!

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
Hi Tick

I have FXSol platform and I just started to work with Sidus method.

Could you please send indicators you have used?

Many thanks

Ainarshttp://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...cons/icon7.gif

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
I have been reading this post with much interest.  I was wondering has the Sidus method been automated yet?  Also are there any indicators that are neccessary except for the ones listed in the startup thread?

If it has been automated could some one please relist it.  From what I read in the pdf file it seems like should be simple to automate.

Thanks for all your help.

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
It works quite well with the 1 hour......

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Tick no longer graces these pages.  He was banned for responding to bashers.  I have his Accucahts if you want them.  The only problem is that they are difficult to keep track of when you are constantly looking through them to enter and exit trades.  There is no audio alert system to inform when the ema's and the wma's come into play.  Tick's system is great when you are a full time trader and can spend tremendous amount of time staring at the screen all day.

I am currently using a Sidus indicator AX512EMACROSSwRSI.mq4 for MT4 using a free demo account at strategybuilder.com which does not expire like others do.  This indicator has a alert system which informs on long trades and when to get out.  Works well.  I use the sound alert to make manual trades on my micro fxsol account.  I would start out with micro trades to get comfortable and increase the lots going forward.

One cavet, please stick with one system. Do not attempt to use all the holy grails out there.   I no longer use FireBird since it blew out my mini account last week.  Which was only $400.

I think the Sidus method is the way to go.  I like the longer trades.

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
Currently, there is no live Sidus EMA that I am aware of, just a indicator for MT4.  There are several posts with in these 81 pages that has this indicator....AX512EMACROSSwRSI.mq4.  Open a never expired demo account on strategybuilder.com for use with this indicator and manually trade with fxsolutions.

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
I'm a little new but can you give us a chart example of this.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
I've been try your methode, and it's great.

But I'm stil trying it, and it's working in 5 or 15  minutes timeframe ? (for swing movement) ?

and what is the best suitable timeframe we use ?

You said it the 5 & 8 ema crossed red tunnel we have to open or close position, is the 5 & 8 ema should cross each other too ?

thanks for the answer

Great system !!!

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
This doesn't really explain a method. Try again or quit ?

BabeFX.

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
I have spent over 6 months, to try to develop an efficient method to trade  forex.

Currently, I do demo trading with OANDA corporation.

Then, I may open a real account with SAXO BANK, as they reduce their spreads and that is a European bank .

For long term, I advise 4 hour chart and daily.

For short term, 1 min and 5 min chart.

Then about Sidus, if you may use metatrader, you get pretty the same result with the "alligator" indicator, "awesome oscilator" is cool, and "money flow index".

Ichimoku kinko hyo 7 -22 -44 on daily, is good to give a global idea.

Last but not least, I warn everybody about forex trading companies.

BECAREFULL:surprised  !! And look at nfa futures website.

That is free, it takes 5 mins to check a company, and you might be surprised by what you could discover, as I WAS !!! (*_*)

To conclude, I am not a spammer, who wants to bring people to forex trading companies.

Go to whoever you want, Oanda, Saxo , GFT, FXCM, FXSOL, etc etc...

But please, check them carefully, a bad forex company is a danger.

I only hope to share my informations with as many forex traders as possible, and I hope forex traders to share their knowledge with this forum.

And to North french people , " Vive le Nord, 59 couleufs ! ".

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
Tahnks Sinclap,

Where can I find AX512EMACROSSwRSI.mq4 for MT4 ? I have demo metatrader. And live FXSol. And how I can get sound alerts on fxsol account?

Thankshttp://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...cons/icon7.gif

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...postcount=1146

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
I noticed this morning that the eurusd and usdjpy appear to be in conflict.  They should both be going in different directions or at least they normally go in different directions.

The sidus indication is still bullish on the eurusd but I'm a little confused by what is happening to the usdjpy.  Any thoughts.

Here are my charts for discussion.

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
In the Sidus System are there any recomendations for stops and trailing stops.

I have seen mention of 15 pip trailing stop, but no mention of stops.  Last night I had set my stops to short and they were triggered to early.

I have seen on the forum recommendation for 70 pip stops when running on a long system like this but I just don't know.

Anyone have any suggestions on what they do for stops?

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
Download metatrader.

Then , try every indicators, with 4 hour chart (long term)and 15 min chart. (short term).

If you want Sidus on metrater, select " alligator " indicator.

Now, I try many indicators.

Have a look at "pip boxer" and just watch " vegas method".

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
I found a EA that runs very similar to the Sidus system.  I don't have much time so I'll post it here a little later.

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
I have been searching the forum for an EA that is Similar to the Sidus system.  I have found 2 different systems that are very similar to the Sidus system and both have automated the system.

They are the Bagovino Method and the Mouteki Method.  Both of these use the moving average crossover with the RSI indiciator of 50 as described in this thread.

The Mouteki system EA thread can be found here.

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...1&page=1&pp=15

I have attached the lastest EA mt4 for the mouteki system as well.

Happy Testing.

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
Where is Mr.Sidus? We are waiting his method v2.0

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
once i try it, everything seems to be green

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
Dear Mr.Sidus,

I am quite interested in your trading system. I want to know what kind of price you apply for the EMA and WMA? Close, high, low etc ?

Okay...hope to hear from you soon.

Thanks

Rgds,

Pierre

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
hi sidus

i'm new on ff. can you post me the system?

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
I came across Sidus in the early days and have been running it on demo for about 5 months now with excellent sustained results.

The key to it, as with any system, is patience. Waiting to pick the correct entry point and exit points are vital, therefore WAIT until the signal clearly develops before diving in. I have it running on 15, 30min and 1 hour charts and am now testing it on 4hr.

Remember, as good as these may look it is still up to you the Trader to exercise your own individual judgement calls based on YOUR experience and YOUR knowledge....they are not substitutes for your laziness or over eagerness.

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
Go to the first post of this thread.

Down load the method.  Change 8 WMA to 12 WMA and apply the method.

It is easy to back test, demo and start live trading this method.

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
Hey,

This is my first post on Forex Factory. I have read about this system a little, and I'm trying it out on a demo account right now. I have a question that is bugging me. It says in the system that you should close your position and go in the opposite direction once the red tunnel boundarys cross, but what if the WMAs are moving in the same direction as the trend you were in before?

For example, say I have had a long position open for a while. At one point, the tunnels cross or come close enough to form one line. If both the WMAs have fallen a little under the tunnel, and are heading up as the tunnel crosses/comes close, does that mean I should keep going with the long trend or close and open a short position?

Hopefully that question makes sense. I'll reword it if I need to.

Thanks a lot,

cougarelite

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
Cougarelite,

I have been experimenting with the Sidus method since Sidus posted it.

First you should close your position when the 5 WMA crosses under the 12 WMA.  If you wait to close when the 18 and 28 EMAs become close or cross, then you lose pips in the process.

Remember that the red tunnel (18 and 28 EMAs) show the longer term trend.  The blue WMAs indicate the daily momentary fluctuations in trading.

I tend to close when the WMAs cross in the opposite direction, but reopen if they cross back in the same direction of the red tunnel.  I watch for narrowing of the red tunnel to indicated that trend is changing and therefore the likelyhood of changing from long to short or viceversa.

Hopefully that helps.

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
I couldn't had said it better!

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
hi sidus, thank u very much for posting ur method

but i want to ask about wma and ema, to u but them on open or close or H/L,O/H/L? or in what way u use them.

and thanks alot again

keep up the good work

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
What is a wma

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
wma is a "weighted moving average"

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
thank you

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
Welcome back Sidus - you have been missed.  How goes Sidus II?

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
Hello Sidus,

after waiting, observing and trying, I finally found that your system is excellence!!

I need your help to tell me about all of the MA we are using; when I inserted those MA to my chart, there is a "apply to" option; whether Close, Open, High, Low, etc in my MA status. My question is which status that best employ to this system?

Also, based on your research, how the result by using of the system in Daily chart?

Thanks a million!

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
hey!!!

i wnat to ask this..

is EMA means exponansiel MA. (the MA on the metatrader) or a new indikator.

if it is a differenet indikator. can you put them here for us pls...

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
deathpan

yes u r right, ema is exponential moving average

and wma is weighted moving average

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
Hey All,

I currently trade through OANDA.  I was following this thread a long time ago when I had a demo account and was very curious about this system.  I was wondering, can this system be done confidently using OANDA's built in charting software? How much does Metatrader 4 cost, and is it worth getting seeing as how OANDA's is free and seems to work the same.

Also, I noticed that the system has changed a bit (WMA 8 is now 12 and the RSI 14, 70, 30 was added).  Are people now trading on the 5/12 cross and comparing with the RSI either above or below 50 to confirm?  I have the ability to sit in front of my computer for most of the day because I work from home.  Which timeframe would work best for me, 1H, 30Min or 15Min?

Thanks in advance!!!

Pipdogg

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
hey sidus, i am setting up some new Trading Systems sub-forums soon.  would you like me to make one for your method?  that way you could have multiple threads under one roof, and i can make you a mod of the forum so you have better controls over your files etc.  if interested just email me with site form.

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
Hi Merlin,

I would like that. But I don't have time to moderate it. I also would like the old thread continues to exist in the main folder and in the new one. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
Hi Merlin, since you are creating new subforums , could you open one for OrangeRoshan's method ?

thx a lot

bye bye

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
[quote=pipdogg]Hey All,

I currently trade through OANDA. I was following this thread a long time ago when I had a demo account and was very curious about this system. I was wondering, can this system be done confidently using OANDA's built in charting software? How much does Metatrader 4 cost, and is it worth getting seeing as how OANDA's is free and seems to work the same.

Also, I noticed that the system has changed a bit (WMA 8 is now 12 and the RSI 14, 70, 30 was added). Are people now trading on the 5/12 cross and comparing with the RSI either above or below 50 to confirm? I have the ability to sit in front of my computer for most of the day because I work from home. Which timeframe would work best for me, 1H, 30Min or 15Min?

Pipdog,

Metatrader 4 is a free charting package, you will find links somewhere on the FF forums just enter a general search.

With regard to setup you will pick up the current setings by reading all the previous posts.

Timeframe is matter for you to decide this largly depends on your tolerance to risk. No method is risk free, employing a set of trading rules together with strict money management will pay you rich dividends.

BabeFX.

Thanks in advance!!!

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
Yo Pip Dog-

With the tools available here on the forum, you can set up MT with a Sidus crossover alert that will make the noise of your choice <grin>. Someone even posted a .wav file that sounds like the ones they use in old movies when a battle ship is sounding Battle Stations! That'll pull you away from any TV program or put you on the floor if you are asleep.LOL

As mentioned MT is free and wow it is great. Take it from someone whose bought a few commercial charting programs for futures and equity trading. The best thing about MT is the indicators that have been written for about any purpose. You can download a insert them to tailor a trading system the way that suits you. The learning curve is not bad and worth all the time you put into it. I've NEVER had a crash and I keep up two charts on all major pairs, my broker's window, a chat window and another charting program for trading the Dow Emini. I use a moderately powered laptop from Gateway that I paid $600 for a couple months ago. I do have DSL but it's the "lite" version, not max broadband.

[quote=BabeFX]

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
Awesome! Gee Seven and BabeFX thanks for your help, I mucked around with MetaTrader about 3 days ago.. I have it pretty much nailed down now as far as how to use it with indicators, inserting EA's, and all the rest.

I'm curious to know now what (if any) modifications to the Original Sidus Method are out there..

Is it WMA 5 & 12 now?, There was an RSI added? Can someone just post a quick update for me?

Thanks!

PipDoggie

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
... so has anyone built an EA of the sidus system?

merry x-mas to you all.

cash4u2

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
Seems that this system has kept a core belief but there are a lot of variations on that theme. If you read the entire thread you'll see how it has morphed about. It seems pretty much agreed that the moving avgs. are the 12 and 5 now and that they are standard EMAs. The crossover of the two are the primary signal. Added to this is the RSI. Some have kept the 21 as I believed was orginal but others (Sidus himself?) have changed to the 14 RSI. Actually there is very little difference when you set them up side by side. The rule on the RSI is it should be >than the 50 line to go long and <than the 50 to be short. (Or at least headed that way) Others have tweaked it with various occilators that all are meant to show over/under sold conditions.Some may be using other favorite indicators based on anything from candle bar sizes to moon phases. Whatever!

When trading any system keep your wits about you. Don't blindly take every signal. Sometimes you can get wipsawed mercilessly during a consolidation. Also you can crossover into a support or resistance zone that will bounce you back on your tushy and then some. The Sidus (also the Bagovino) are change or return to trend following systems. They work best with a strong dose of common sense. I'd not personally run either on and auto trading EA. Just my opinion. I tend to be a control freak and like to push my own buttons on trades and the TV remote <grin>. This method looks good on daily time frame and hourly. I've not monitored or traded it on any others. I have looked at it on shorter TF but because of the pip spreads involved you will get dimed out or take too little profit many times to make it worthwhile. I don't know any scalping method that I'd use on the Forex. I do scalp the Dow Emini (YM) with success but with an entirely different system from Ryan Watts (google).

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
Sorry, if i'm wrong. Flyers EA base on sidus method.

http://www.forexfactory.com/forexfor...ad.php?t=11153

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
hmm...we would need someone to moderate the forum, so if you cant do that it doesnt make much sense to setup the sub-forum.  unless you want to nominate someone to mod for you?

also, we cant have two threads exist in two places.  we can create a "redirect" from the trading system forum to the Sidus forum, but thats as fancy as it gets i think.

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
i can, if he wants one.  if you talk to him regularly have him email me with website form and i can get it setup with him.

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
Ok,no problem. If anyone is interested in moderating, pm me.

(+100 posters only please)

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
Sidus, where is you NEW ssystem? We are waiting... ...

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
Although I am interested in the latest method (which I understand is still in beta). I would be interested in knowing where, in 1 location, I can find all the latest directions, indicators, etc. which will allow me to impliment this strategy. I am new on this board, and trying to read all 100+ pages of posts to glean these few nuggets is very time consuming. Can anyone help?

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
READ first post. thas is all.

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
I downloaded Sidus indicator and getting only one red line (instead of two) and yellow line. how to get the exact same indicator as sidhus.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
If you go to the first post you can download the instructions.  All you need to do is put in 4 MAs onto a chart and set them as a template.  It is an 18 and 28 EMA, both red, and your 5 WMA which is blue and your 8 WMA which is yellow.  Admittedly some of us are using a 12 WMA rather than an 8 WMA, but you can read the whole thread and make up your mind or just pick one and try it out.  Sidus uses these on a 1H chart, although he says that a 30M chart is acceptable, but that there will be more whipsaws.

For the complete information on the use of the indicator, once you have it loaded into your computer, you will just have to read the download from that first post.

Good luck and good trading.

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
Thanks moonchild for your help. Really appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
I believe that you are submitting a positive comment or report.........If so congratulations!

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
Чувак, не надо здесь делать такое. ато и забанить на веки могут.

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
How do plot these ema's and wma's on Metatrader and in the color specified?

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
Hi sidus

Can you tell me if this system will work on GBP/USD

Many thank's

James

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
This was spam and is used now to hold the place.

Moderator

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
Hi

Can anyone recommend the best chart time frame for this system, i know it has been based on a 1 hour chart but has anyone used this system on any other time frame?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
Dear traders and friends,

Thank you for the support and great input during the release of Sidus V1. After 1/4 million views I'm quite hounoured.

Now something even better is coming up. VERSION 2.0 !!!!

Ive tested it during 4 months and I must say, it is UNBELIEVABLE!!

It is really effective, because I found a way to filter the whipsaws.

That's right. ALMOST NO WHIPSAWS in v2.0.

Release is expected today or tomorrow. (I'm writing the pdf)

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
yes.. finally... waiting so long for the release since few months ago ...

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
VERSION 2 IS ONLINE !!!! In a new thread for v2.

You can keep discussing v1 here...

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
Hi,all,

I found super-signal attached very useful with EMA cross . I want to use it in the mobile PC.

As the mobile PC does not support the custom indicators,please tell me how can I get the indicator with the embeded indicators / logic

in the meta-trader4.

I hope you will kindly answer.

Regards,

Siddesh

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
I have followed this thread from the begining (like many others) and am very greatful for all the help and information that the pros & newbies have contributed to this trading system......I have been live trading the "sidus" method and have adopted the 5/21 EMA'a that "bagovino" suggest in post #160 and all I can say is "WOW"..  ..Although "Money Management" In my opinion is still the "Holy Grail" to trading....but this system that so many of you have worked on together is fabulous... ....Thank you all for your post and trading talents....I look forward in following along with the "New" Sidus V2 method.........What a great & friendly site...

Rob

Pip Master

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
Dear Sidus,

Thanks for your support.

I could not find Sidus V.2, could you please send a link to where it is?

Appreciate it.

amin1000

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
here are the sidus v2
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=13007

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
What is the super signals based on?

Thanks,

Jim

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
Thanks amenlo9!

amin1000

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
Translation From Google

Briefly all traders tired and went to look for new methods of achieving SCASTIA because their brain weak (forgive the heavens)!

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
Have spent a considerable time trying to find the rules of the Sidus system - Original system. On opening page it says that pdf is attached . Sorry but I cant find it anywhere.

Someone else asked the same question, and was directed to the page I ended up on . Still no original Sidus method rules there either.

Can someone else help me and put me in touch with Sidus original method please??????

Many thanks

Kevin

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
!

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
Sorry but i don't see any files

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
newbie here-where can I find the details of your system-in one of these post it states a pdf is attached but I could not find it

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Look for a PDF file in the last few posts.

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
need an exit signal for this system

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
http://www.computermedicsonline.com/...dus/sidus.html

I had saved it a while back, hope this helps some of you guys!

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
Thanks! Great to see the Sidus back alive!

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
Hi everyone.

Just two quick questions:

1) 5 & 8 WMA - Are these linear weighted averages applied to close?

2) Exit points- I understand the one exit type where red channels cross, but unclear on the blue/yellow lines.  Meaning, should you always close when they cross?  It seems the charts in the Sidus PDF cross, but he stays in it because channels do not??

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
Where can I find the Attachments (How to) to your system?

Thanks... Frank.

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
Go to first post.You must be registered and logged in.

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
Your answer is on WMA Is on the first page post 7 or 8.  but yes it is Linear WM

In return can you post the pdf file for sidus

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
What post is the EA on?

Looks like everything was removed from the first post.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
The only defect I have found with this system is that you must be seeing the charts to take the profits.

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
Hello,

Anybody still using my method?

I get a lot of emails everyday from beginners and couple of people even told me they were able to get great results and a lot of $ with me method.

If you still use it, what configuration do you use and what version?

Sidus

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Sidus,

Thanks again for posting your original method.

I still use the 5 and 12 EMA tunnel with 18 and 28 EMA tunnel on the 60 minute chart.

Since I also trade shorter term on the 5 minute chart, I use the 60 minute with your method to tell me the overall trend before placing a trade on the 5.

Thanks again for an easy to use method that will provide consistent profits.

Jeff

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
I use close!

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
Hello everybody,

I quit trading V2.0, but I'm working on something new. It will be quite a big system with lot's of possiblities and set-ups. For the moment I'm still sticking to V1.0

You can find my manual testing for one month in the zip file.

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
where is the PDF file to download....

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
Great job....

56% increase in less than one month.

Do Tell...

P.O.P.

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
Is this manual testing of the "new big system"?

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
Can anyone please point me to the PDF for either v.1 or 2 for this system, I would like to check it out...tia

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
Hi Sidus :

I would lov to see the system but I do not see any attachment.

Pleazeeee.....

Ed

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
Yes, these are the results of my new big system, it is more like a manual combining al my parameters!

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
Oh btw. I have not finished writing my manual. I don't know for sure if I will distribute it for free. Any thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
For free or for a fee, it's really up to you. Though hopefully, you'll still find a way to share your knowledge around here.

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
One quick question:

If this method is so profitable, what is up with all the different versions?  Does it not make ENOUGH money, so you need a new one?

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
Here's my thought....FREE! Thanx.

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
Hi there Sidus,

Just watch out of speculating on selling ANYTHING here @ FF. Sometimes moderators could ban you because of that.

Explicitly you accepted when starting posting that any spam or selling stuff would not be tolerated.

If you are willing to share it for free, welcome! but... if you are wanting to sell it... do not try it here directly or indirectly... is any moderator suspects, he could ban you and throw this thread to the unknown...

hope this helps u decide Sidus... by the way... i am not a moderator...

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
I wrote down one of the Sidus methods a few days ago but I'm not sure which one it is. It uses 5 & 8WMA and a 18/28EMA tunnel. I think this is version 1 but can anyone tell me please ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
I'm not happy with just a profitable method! I want a cashcow

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
Yeah....SIDUS is back.....

Where were u man..Why did u remove ur PDF and method from ur post...

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
Ok Ok Ive read enough of this thread to be interested in knowing a lot more.

how do i get my hands on more ifo so I can start backtesting it myself.

If I HAVE TO pay for it though, i may have to seriously think about it, there are a lot of (so called) successful sytems out there for free.  It would have to be something pretty special for me to pay for it upfront.

What do you say Sidus?

Keith

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
Hi sidus, long time no see. Out of curiousity, why have you stopped trading v. 2?

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
What do you think is a cashcow?  Is this the Holy Grail?  How profitable is it?  Talk to me man what do you have?

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
Does anyone know what was the Sidus V1.0 because I don't recall reading about it???  Maybe Sidus himself can answer this question.

Thanks

Peace out...

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
for some odd reason, the sidus system files have been removed from the first post. Check a few pages back and a kind person has posted the files and the method on a separate website.

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
I am looking for v1.0  I already have the v2.0  Any help guys would be great...

Thanks

Peace

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
Here is the V1 pdf

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
Thank you.  Now I will have to see what is tehr differance between v1 & v2

Thanks for your help my friend

Peace

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
hello they are new where to be able trovae your pdf?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
Беру в подарок деньги!Суммы любые!Безвоздмездно!Мы с Херургом вместе берём!Устроит любая сумма.z115262703345 или E517394312913!Если надо то беру суммы в управление (любые).Ваше будущее в моих руках.e517394312913

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
Couldn't have said it better myself.

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
what to be INDICATOR WMA?

THANKS

EAGLE

ITALIAN

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
Eagle

WMA significa "Weighted Moving Average"

Un metodo impiegato per i dati regolari nelle serie cronologiche in cui ogni osservazione che è avuta una media è data un peso che riflette la relativa importanza relativa nella calcolazione della media.

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
THANKS MUCH KIND ,RIALTO

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
Ah, Ma Sei Italiano Come Me,

Ti Ringrazio Moltissimo Per L'aiuto,

Hai Possibilita' Di Farmi Avere Gli Indicatori Aggiornati Del Metodo Di Sirius?

La Maschera Tpl E Gli Ind.?

Grazie Di Nuovo

Marcello

Palermo

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
very good sistem!

sidus+breakout box+divergence macd + opendayfibo+williams

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
HI its2die4

i saw your work it's cool man .keep it up

plaese i would like if you can hlep me on how to understand it very well

how to set it and how to use it

thanks

sunnyfx

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
i'm a bit out of position, do we use "2.5 & 6 EMA" on 30min or still 5 & 12 on 30 min, if 5 & 12, do we still use thesame on 1HR?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
Greetings fellow members!

How you set the fib numbers (34, 55, 89, 144) on chat 1 hr calculated from where the lines cross/intersect? With picture attach is possible.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
attention - to everyone looking for the sidus pdf document i have attacked it to scott's post (#2) in this thread.

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
The poor thing

--

Also on a serious note: I'm wondering...Sidus, you posted "MAs suck" over in the cable thread, was that sarcasm or did you change your mind in the meantime?

I'm really curious, not poking fun

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
can you share the macd divergence indicator please. thanks.

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
Probably the best out there. As I said before ... if you want to make at this game you can easily give it a try.  Monika definitely is one of the great students that P.B had a chance to meet.  If you don't know Monika Korzec I suggest to google her on the net.

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
CIAO EAGLE sono italiano come te, mi farebbe molto piacere far 2 chiacchiere sul forex su MSN Messenger..

Se ne hai voglia contattami.. aby986@hotmail.com

Ciao a presto!!

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
I would like to ask if this indicator is free or for a limited time ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
Newbie here, cheers!

But no files at 1st page to try out. Needed file(s), suppose to come from Sidus himself. What happen then! Selling it?

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
Used the attached pdf document in this thread, apparently Sidus had his removed from post 1.

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
Not selling anything

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
If you want it from me go ahead!

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
Great! Thanks a lot! Will try it soon.

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
Hi Sidus,

I just read your method but there is some question :

1. Which method you use now ? seem got 2 method which is sidus method 1 and method 2 ?

2. In method 2 I see you mention RVI, do you have the indicator for MT4 ?

Thanks a lot for sharing

Regards,

MS

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
Hey Sidus,

Is there an EA that is actually working very well for your method?

Thanks,

Keith

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
there's one short signal after a buy signal when crossed up,

in your method buy signal close position on the next cross sell signal, buy signal was in the same price with sell signal on the next. When a buy signal close ..second position occur then it's reverse to buy signal again. send me an email : { personal information deleted by staff, per request }.

check the picture below..

http://img174.imageshack.us/img174/7789/siduspicxh0.jpg

-soni-
http://tips-online-fx.blogspot.com

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
Just finished reading the whole thread, two very useful tips i found regarding the system were:

For entry: Wait for the candle after the cross-candle to close with the same color and above (BUY) or below (SELL) i.e. waiting for the trend to establish itself in order to avoid whipsaws.

For exit: Take profits when 5 & 8 WMA cross and not the 18 & 28 EMA.

BTW the system looks very smooth on 4h TF. Less trades, monitoring & stress :-)

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
So what happens when the next candle after the close is not the same color? are you suggesting to wait until a subsequent candle does match the close's move direction?

thanx

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
Yes, I would wait for a subsequent candle to have the same color and close above.

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
anyone still trading this system? how has it performed for you?

regards

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
Hi, I was looking but I didn´t find the Sidus system or the Improved Sidus system, anybody could tell where is it? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
HI,

Your Method is very impressive and its really profitable. Thanks for doing such a philantrophic work.

Just one query whether the same system work for Gold and Oil also.

Is there any system for trading in gold and silver

Pls revert

Thanks & Regards

amit.

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
Hope this helps if anyone needs it - dont know if there is a newer version around.

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
Hi,

I most definitely got on the thread very late - just yesterday.  I think it is a very wonderful system.   However, I believe it works better on a higher TF. I demo traded it on daily charts and it was 100%. I  did seven trades and  turned my $650 demo account into  $2000 in 24 hours.  I recommend that anyone trading this system do  it on  a minimum of  4H  TF!

Thanks Sidu and the rest for  a most profitable system.

PS: I use the original version

18/28 EMA, 5/8 WMA and the Parabolic (0.05and 0.09). That's all!  Simple and profitable.

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
here's one more person that got in very late, like today.  Thanks a lot for publishing such a straightforward system!

I've read the entire thread and read the Rel. 2 manual.  I have only one question remaining about paragraph 4 ('Getting in a Trade') :

- is there a maximum number of bars you wait for confirmation?   If RVI signals an entry, and the EMA tunnel provides a confirmation - say - ten bars later, would that still be a valid confirmation (assuming RVI is still pointing in the right direction) ?

Cheers

Ohka

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
Dear Sidus,

What if the EMA`s tunnel crosses first before the RVI Tunnel cross, do we make an entry ?

what`s the best currency pair to use your Method...?

You`re the Best Sidus....

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
0

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
Hi Sidus….

Been study your technique…..quite interesting, will test the accuracy soon….

But before that I need some clarification from you in term of the indicator’s customization. The EMA is referring to Exponential MA method and WMA is Light Weighted MA method right?  And for the parameter of 18 EMA, 28 EMA, 5 WMA and 8 WMA should apply to which one of these: Close, Open, High, Low, Median Price, Typical Price, Weighted Close, Previous Indicator’s Data or First Indicator’s Data? Or choosing any of these won’t make any significant difference?
TQ

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
Hello all,

Really glad I found this thread; I'm still going through the posts and ran across vegas tunnel used on the H1 chart in addition to Sidus and Bagovino's modification.

I did a search on FF but couldn't find the original vegas tunnel 1hr thread; it seems to be dead.  And it seems interest died down re this method judging from the date of the last post in vegas tunnel related threads.

I read through vegas 1 hr doc and downloaded the MT4 vegas tunnel indicator thanks to Orangeroshan. I'm pretty sure I loaded the 1 hr vegas tunnel correctly, ie twice with different risk model settings, but all I got was a bunch of lines squeezed too tightly around the 144 and 169 ema's which definitely dont jibe with what I read. Any help would be greatly appreciated!

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
HI Group,

the last couple of days I have been testing the EUR/USD pair on the 4hr timeframe.

I wondered whether - after a RVI cross-over - a diverging EMA tunnel in the direction of the RVI cross-over could also be considered a confirmation?  Especially when a RVI cross-over happens when the EMA tunnel has been rather narrow, an ensuing widening up of the tunnel (in the direction of the RVI cross-over) most of the time would have resulted in profitable entries.

just a thought, any comments?

cheers

Ohka

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
Hi Group,

after a couple of weeks of experimenting and trading with this system, I'd like to share how I adapted this method to 'make it my own':

- I've added a 21-period Bollinger Band to the price chart.

- I put a 21-period Bollinger Band on top of the RVI, i.e. the Bollinger Bands now show to what extend the RVI has extreme values within its last 21-period value range.

- I've added a Williams-%R over 89 periods, using -10 and -90 threshold settings.

What does this allow me to do?

Using both the RVI and price action positions relative to their Bollinger Bands,  I can now trade down to the 15-min interval.  If both are outside of their Bands and RVI turns back into the bands, opening a position in that direction is warranted.

As on these short time frames 'the tunnel' with their default settings don't work all that well I use Williams-%R to still keep an eye on the potential big moves.

Please let me know what you think...

cheers

Ohka

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
yes..its a good strategy...but if someone can make an EA for IsAKAS Kuskus EA...since most of the EA created was a big downturn....it supposed to start at the right time..but it lag a lot..

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
anyone knows how to make new thread ? coz i wanna post my own system that seems to profit as long as it folloews the rules..

it wont give promises but it can make Pips..  , Thanx Guys...

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
Click the Forums tab at the top of the page and select the forum you want to start your thread in.

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
Hi, I am looking forward to your new thread.

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Thanks guys for your effort....anyway the weird thing is that ..i dont have this 'New Thread bar' to make new thread eventho i went throught 'Forum' site...i did validate my account or email and so on but still...nuthing.....anyway ill trey to figure out why.

right now...im testing the method wether it will help to make pips or not..it it really help on making pips...than i`ll share with you guys....

Sorry for my bad english..its not my native language

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
Fox

Go to: "Forums" (the one left of Calendar and News)

Then: "Trading Systems"

Then: on top of all Thread you'll see a blue Bar

"Post new Thread" c'est tout!

cheers

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
My Thread is open under "STEP BY STEP WITH 'POPOI-84 METHOD' For Newbies like me " , Thanks Guys

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
My Thread is open under "STEP BY STEP WITH 'POPOI-84 METHOD' For Newbies like me " , Thanks Guys

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
My Thread is open under "STEP BY STEP WITH 'POPOI-84 METHOD' For Newbies like me " , Thanks Guys

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
It works betder on 5 min chart

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
Just a simple advice based on the original Sidus method 1h TF .

What is the more adapted stop loss on this TF ?

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
Is anyone known where can i find some literature on how to use these indicators that was post earlier  ?

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
hi, can someone tell me how bad does this indicator repaint?

I know that sometimes it draws arrows in the past, but what I want to know is if when it draws arrows in current bar if they stay and don't disappear later on

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
this indicator work on one of two  as in the attached picture the black arrow is 9 with 32 crossover and the blue arrow is for Sidus indicator

i think also the Sidus indicator work with lagure indc

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
Maanawi did you test sidus indicator? Does arrows repaints?

How it works with Laguerre?

CnU

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Hi Sidus

Havent seen the V3 version of you strategy. I have used V1 last night and made 456 pips with one lot on the EUR/GBP. Thanks for your strategy. I figure your too rich to come to this site anymore. I hope the same for me as well.

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
where is sidus these days? if you read this what are you trading man?  i love this method and have been starting to use it for a bit now.  Great results!  Thanks a Million $

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
Hi Eagle,

Sidus got amazing arrows to trade but the problem they repaint

white color arrows is sidus, colored arrows is where they disappeared

so how you trade it?
http://www.arabictrader.com/vb/attac...6t-maanawi.gif

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
yes it do repaint

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
EUR/GBP 456 pips!!!! I don't believe

the whole day range was 70 pips

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
Hello Fellow Traders,

I posted in a similar thread a while ago on the Sidus System EA.

I actually want to know if anyone has converted the original Sidus Method into an ea.
I did the convertion but it seems to have these problems.
1. The entry with EMA 18 and 28 crossing seems to be late especially on 1 hr.
2. My exit rule with Linear 5 and 8 Moving Averages has proven to be very bad as it stops the trades with any small retracements.
Pease, I will like to know if anyone has a better EA or could help make my own ea better.

I will be checking this thread for any reply.

I will send the ea to anyone that offers to help.

I will also like to know if Sidus is still trading with this system or has he made any mordifications.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
First I am a fan of Vegas method even if it is criticised on other forums. I discovered the sidus method which is a derivative system of Vegas Tunnel method about 5 months ago. The main problem with tunnel method is when you are in choppy market (no trend). And to avoid these periods of ranging market, you should use a good filter. You can see at Vegas method for a help. With Sidus method, I wait for the 5WMA crosses 8WMA and then price closes above the tunnel. I then enter the market and put my stop loss according to the last swing low / last support / PPZ / or no more than 50 pips. It depends on your style of trading and the money you are ready to lose (money management). For the exit, I use Fib levels and divergence on oscillator (RSI or Stoch) with PA. I can tell you I am profitable now thanks to the tunnel method. I have a friend who use the 24EMA applied on highs and lows as a tunnel (1h TF)....he is very very profitable!!!

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
Now Feb 2012.. 6 years ago U write this thread.. I just wanna say THX.. U'r system helping me.. and U Know?! U,r system is one of famous system in 2012.. WELLDONE !

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
I really liked this trading system after learning ..... thank you for for share .... let I post about trading this system ... this is only my thoughts alone ...... Yours for Sidus
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   SIDUS.rar

178 KB
|
1,730 downloads

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
Sidus is the best one

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
if i use candlestick and box Darvas
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
little about candlestick

Candlestick.

High Body = Reflecting MAJOR trendline

High Tail = Reflects the indicator changes direction / Trendline.

Psikology Market at Candlestick

Tail Up = Reflects interest Sellers / Bears gained

Tail Down = Reflects interest Buyers / Bulls strengthened

Price Open / Closed = Reflects resistance Resistance / Support

Body = Reflects Volume and Trendline

Momentum = Momentum during Break Resistance

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
hi friend,i m also interested with sidus system.can help me to learn how trade with it(eg : entry points,sl/TP,time frame).can you guide me.

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
I know this thread has been dead for a while, but I came across a 4 star indicator in Code Base, based on this system, & it looks very promising on 4hr EUR/USD as Sidus tested since page 1. "Money management is THE holy grail of forex trading!",  was Sidus the first trader to say this?

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
do you still have boxes ind?

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
I know it's too late but if somebody still looking for this indi then here you go.

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
Hello Sidus,

Thank you for sharing. That is very kind of you.

Brilliant!

Best Regards,

Lin

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
after 5 years of last thread, is anyone using this indicator?

anyone could upgrade to push notification?

is this sidus same as i had? sidus crossover-signal?

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
Here is an EMA crossover arrows indi that may help some to confirm the actual crossover of the tunnel.

Simply set the faster ema to 18 & the slower ema to 28.

G

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
Aaaarrgh - I did it again. Judging a strategy on behalf of nice looking moving averages. I do know that price MUST be analyzed firstly. Why don't I do that right away? Stupid me.

So what is wrong with this picture from the manual and with this strategy? If the circles is entry and exit points - then watch the entry and exit price of the corresponding bar at those specific points. You will see, that all trades a loosers!!! He advice stoploss at 10 - 15 pips. That means in practise, that he will never reach the closing points on the circles. Then why mention them at all? You will never be able to trade this strategy as a Close in one direction and at the same time open in the opposite direction. At least not watching this picture from the manual . Using the 5 / 8 crosses will totally spoil the red crosses. Strategy is not clear at this matter. So the only way to trade this will be to enter at the crosses of 5 / 8 OR 18 / 28. You have to choose - you cannot do both! And exits must be a trailing stop. I think 15 pips is ok.

So the strategy is reduced to a moving average cross strategy - nothing else. Sorry!

Lesson learned guys: Moving averages or other indicators can often seduce your eyes. But they will be loosers in practice.

So, don't I use Moving averages myself. Oh yes, but not standing alone. MA is vital in some of my profitable robots.


===== 附件下载链接 =====

index.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/39626?d=1184920161
SAR vs Sidus.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7288?d=1153169637
LWMA CrossedAlerts.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7367?d=1153353542
MA_Crossover_Signal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7374?d=1153366490
RSI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7440?d=1153682207
Doc2.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7528?d=1153968706
Vegas 1 hr.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7538?d=1154002007
Vegas_mq4_Indicators.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7545?d=1154011966
EMA_Cross.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7562?d=1154095598
EMA_Cross v.1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7571?d=1154121306
bar_close_alarm_V1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7572?d=1154126371
EMA_CROSS_2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7577?d=1154153173
LabTrend2_v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7583?d=1154227363
TrendManager.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7584?d=1154229712
Sidus.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7586?d=1154239905
TIGA ABDUL.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7587?d=1154247789
AltrTrend.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7601?d=1154280336
BrainTrend1StopLine.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7602?d=1154280706
BrainTrend2StopLine.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7603?d=1154280955
forex writeup.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7605?d=1154291816
Sidus_Bago Entry Indicator.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7607?d=1154303353
Sidus_Bago Entry Indicator 0.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7608?d=1154303947
forex writeup.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7621?d=1154389782
StepRSI_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7631?d=1154423959
StepSto_v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7632?d=1154423983
BrainTrend2StopLine.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7634?d=1154426088
StepRSI_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7635?d=1154426148
Vegas 1 hr.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7636?d=1154426176
forex writeup.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7650?d=1154482270
RSI_NEW.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7662?d=1154533447
mtfchannel.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7678?d=1154581953
Sidus3Phases.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7683?d=1154700793
StepRSI_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7684?d=1154700864
Support and Resistance (Barry).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7706?d=1154780764
EmaCrosswithAlerts.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7730?d=1154841429
RSI-TC.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7739?d=1154873057
RSIFilter_v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7740?d=1154873071
ang_PR (Din)-v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7741?d=1154895863
AMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7749?d=1154931908
MA Sep.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7762?d=1154977032
EmaCrosswithRSI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7789?d=1155051313
Sidus_Bago Entry Indicator 0.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7831?d=1155185875
Average Range.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7848?d=1155217803
eurusd_s3ph_1.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7857?d=1155236834
Previous_Highs_And_Lows3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7863?d=1155243301
Live Charts Fib Pivots.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7872?d=1155254760
dayHL.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7878?d=1155265597
MA_Crossover_Signal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7879?d=1155267226
MA_Crossover_Signal_With_wav.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7880?d=1155267231
EmaCrosswithRSI(1).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7924?d=1155388721
RSIFilter_pete.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7953?d=1155467723
EmaCrosswithRSI3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7959?d=1155473986
mtfchannel.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/7962?d=1155477310
Statement_S3Ph.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8030?d=1155624038
Sidus3Phases.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8051?d=1155664601
sidus3.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8100?d=1155752602
sidus3_exit_point.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8171?d=1155845432
mtfchannel.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8183?d=1155861558
EMA_Cross.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8187?d=1155865375
chart images.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8214?d=1155894617
sidus3_signals.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8258?d=1155979965
Vegas 1 hr.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8334?d=1156151903
EMA_Cross.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8346?d=1156166187
ATR Channels.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8365?d=1156191459
EmaCrosswithRSI3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8401?d=1156240601
MMLevls_VG.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8421?d=1156260226
8376-better-murray-math-mm-levels.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8422?d=1156260412
Murrey Math Lines F.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8423?d=1156260498
Sidos-EMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8662?d=1156601556
Sidos-WMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8663?d=1156601569
Vegas 1h tunnel summary.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8753?d=1156749250
SDX__8h.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8808?d=1156842059
SHI_Channel_true.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/8809?d=1156842078
Sidus-WMA RSI+CCI Filter.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/9346?d=1157820267
Buzzers.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/9337?d=1157812977
Sidus-WMA RSI+CCI Filter.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/9344?d=1157820107
Sidus-EMA RSI+CCI Filter.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/9345?d=1157820116
Sidus-EMA RSI+CCI Filter.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/10402?d=1159173046
Fisher_Yur4ik.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/11468?d=1160069040
Fisher_Yur4ik_Correct.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/11699?d=1160400016
Statement.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/12138?d=1160797115
AMA.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/12538?d=1161248081
Sidus-EMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/13059?d=1161901932
Sidus-EMA RSI Filter.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/13060?d=1161901955
RSX.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/13866?d=1162934683
AX512EMACROSSwRSI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/15324?d=1164810295
Mouteki EA 0.4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/15341?d=1164819775
_super-signals_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/22016?d=1171134079
index.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/25953?d=1174327503
Sidus Freestyle Results.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/29037?d=1177020927
The Sidus Method.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/29774?d=1177669497
The Original Sidus Method.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/78111?d=1199995339
Sidus v2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/137566?d=1218099600
StepSto_v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/205013?d=1234498747
StepRSI_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/205014?d=1234498747
sidus v.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/209228?d=1235392315
SIDUS.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1493982?d=1408593516
DarvasBoxes nmc.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2885998?d=1530983760
EMA Crossover Arrows.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4050265?d=1633124943
The Sidus Method.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4424654?d=1679636509
