===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
I've noticed a few posts that express difficulty understanding the systems.

As a preface, I should explain what a "phantom trade" is. A phantom trade is one that is virtually opened by the EA. To open the virtual trades, snapshots of bids and asks are taken and stored in your computer's memory. With each chart tick, real-time bids and asks are compared to the stored bids and asks to measure the profit/loss of the virtual trades.

I hope this helps.

__

This system is based on work from the Basket14 thread.

The first strategy presented here is the same as the one embodied in the EA called Phantom_AddSix_03 in the Basket14 thread.

It is a simple strategy.

These are the pairs we trade:

Group 1, The Phantom Buys

1. GBPUSD

2. USDCHF

3. EURJPY

Group 2, The Phantom Sells

4. GBPCHF

5. CHFJPY

6. EURCHF

These pairs constitute a synthetic hedge. The buy pairs are one side of the hedge and the sell pairs are the other side of the hedge.

Initially, the EA virtually buys the group of phantom-buy pairs and virtually sells the group of phantom-sell pairs.

Every hour at minute 0, the EA adds a real trade for the pair that is the biggest winning phantom pair among the six pairs.

With the EA Phantom6_01, only the 6 pairs are tracked and traded.

The lotstep problem is addressed in all EAs here. Screen comments should be a little easier to read than most in the Basket 14 thread, and they contain more information.

As I start this thread I want to say that these are comprehensive systems whose greatest value lies in the painstaking distillation of a simple but highly effective tactical framework for spot forex trading. The fact that the tactical framework -- or strategy if you prefer -- is encapsulated in a piece of software we call an Expert Advisor is merely a reflection of the fact that we live in the 21st century and should automate things that can be automated. As a software professional, I do not consider this to be Artificial Intelligence, but an Expert System. The intelligence lies in the thinking that was done apart from the software construction, and in uncovering trading tactics that were simple enough, comprehensive enough and effective enough to be implemented as software that trades profitably.

Now for the EAs.

Version 01 does not reset the phantom trades at regular intervals; its trading behavior should be identical to Phantom_AddSix_03 in the Basket14 thread.

Version 01a DOES reset the phantom trades at regular intervals. There is no EA exactly like this one on the Basket14 thread. Version 03a of the Phantom_AddSix series limits the trades to one per hour. Version 03b also limits the trades to one per hour and adds the 8-hour phantom reset feature. However 01a here does NOT limit the trades to one per hour -- note that it IS possible to see more than one pair become the biggest phantom winner inside of minute 0.

Version 01x is exactly like version 01a but only adds trades if all previous trades for the pair are winners.

Phantom_AddSix_02a is much like Phantom6_01a, but it requires each of the 6 pairs we actually trade to distinguish themselves among 14 phantom currency pairs. The 14 pairs represent a pure synthetic hedge, and the 6 pairs also represent a pure synthetic hedge, though a subset of the 14. The result so far has been a smooth upward equity line with good preservation of margin. The copy I uploaded here has 0.3 as the default for MaxMarginToUse and 0.25 as the default for ProfitPct.

For a description of Phantom6_02, see this post: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...32#post6944632

Read this post http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...64#post6947364 to see the difference in trim criteria in version 02a.

Version 03: When the phantom trades become all winners or all losers within their designated groups and the biggest losing trade's loss is at least half of the biggest winner's magnitude, close the biggest losing trade if its loss is at least half of the biggest winner's magnitude (as with 02a), add a trade to the biggest winning phantom pair among the six pairs, and add a trade to the biggest losing phantom pair in the opposite direction of the phantom.

Version 03a: Same as 03 but it only allows a trade to be opened on a pair if no trade already exists for that pair.

Version 04: Same as 03a but trades biggest loser in opposite direction of 03a.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Had to start a new thread huh?  Well i'll keep track of this one too i guess

--- 帖子 #3 ---
The lotstep problem is addressed in Phantom6_01. Screen comments should be a little easier to read, and they contain more information.

MetaCoder, the above sentence from your post one;

Shouldn't it be Phantom6_01a?

Sorry for my confusion

Thanks

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Hi MC,

since this is a new thread and you cleaned up the comments, i think following 2 also will give some info to the user

"nBiggest Phantom Winner Symbol: " + BiggestPhantomWinnerSymbol +

this is the current biggest phantom winner, this will give some idea to the user without having to wait for a hour

"n  Largest Floating Profit: $" + DoubleToStr(valLargestFloatingProfit,2) +

this is the largest floating profit for this run. this gives some idea on how far we went ahead before reversing.

aslo i would like to reset the valLargestFloatingLoss and valLargestFloatingPrifit after every closeAll. this will help us to know whats the max DD in THIS run instead of since EA start

thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Are your pairs picked using the Forex pair correlation charts? if so or even if not please explain the rules for picking the pairs you did because of course these pair are going to need to be changed in the future, maybe even next week so will need to know how the correct set of pairs are chosen. Thank you

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Sir, you would serve yourself well if you took the time to learn what a pure synthetic hedge is.  There is no dependence on correlation at all.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Ah, read the Basket 14 thread again. I get it  Doesn't work out to well due to currency weight on JPY compared to CHF are different but will test and see how things go. Thanks

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Thanks for opening this new thread MC.

For some reasons, this version and all the previous versions on the Basket14 thread do not close for me once the profit target is hit, so i am using another EA attached to another chart to close all orders once target is hit.

I managed to get 70 pips today! i switched it off now and will do the same tomorrow. Thanks for your EA's and brilliant ideas! will keep you updated of how it goes.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
PLease does the phantom restart from zero at the begining of each hour and within the hour after TP?  Wants to know how to trade this manually.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #10 ---
You would have to stay up 'round the clock to trade it manually.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
i have my own setup for manual trading. since my broker doesnt support MT4, i have to do it manually. this is not perfect, but i have adopted to it. its successful so far. pl pm me for details, i dont want to confuse this thread as its EA

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Is there a setting that i have to make to make the EA close the trades when profit target is hit? all the versions do all the calculations correctly "correct lot size , profit target , margin,...etc" but do not close when profict is hit and i have to do this manually or by using another EA.

any ideas?

--- 帖子 #13 ---
I uploaded a particularly successful and stable EA from the Basket 14 thread.  See the first post of this thread.

The EA is called Phantom_AddSix_02a.

Phantom_AddSix_02a is much like Phantom6_01a, but it requires each of the 6 pairs we actually trade to distinguish themselves among 14 phantom currency pairs. The 14 pairs represent a pure synthetic hedge, and the 6 pairs also represent a pure synthetic hedge, though a subset of the 14. The result so far has been a smooth upward equity line with good preservation of margin.  The copy I uploaded here has 0.3 as the default for MaxMarginToUse and 0.25 as the default for ProfitPct.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
You're probably looking only at floating profit, not whether current equity is greater than last flat equity.

For full closure, current equity must exceed last flat equity by the dollar profit amount.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
This statement above so confusing, Bunch of EA Names/versions half

of which doesn't even attached.

EA's does have OrderSend, which means orders are open by EA?

rderSendResult = OrderSend(SymbolArray[i],OP_BUY,UseLots,MarketInfo(SymbolArray[i], MODE_ASK),

So could we stick with 1 EA, and delete the rest? Which one that be???

Lots of code for what it's doing.. Is there any .pdf files to understand how it works?

Thanks.

P.S: I'd love to see EA ability to pick profit by $$$ Amount not by Pips or Total  Account %%

Just Set profit to let's say $200 (or whatever), ones target hit, close all orders.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
SkyzerFX - you have a big problem!! Seek help so that you do not continually make an ASS of yourself!!  Not just here but everywhere you post - never stops, same story, no useful input except criticism.  Stay silent, read the threads leading up to this one -- then post something constructive if you want.

I am baffled about what your motives are.  Clearly they are not in tune with the spirit of the FF.

KingHigh

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Completely aggree with above statements... me to trying to track this method but totally confused which ea should be used.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Just put him on your ignore list, it makes this forum much more useful   (speaking from experience as I added him to ignore a long time ago

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Where do you start with someone who obviously has made no attempt to educate himself?

Feel free to school me in how to write more concise code.

It's PDF files you want, is it?  You COULD try simply reading the threads.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
DANGER WARNING DANGER WARNING DANGER

You may have to use your brain and pick for yourself.

Automatic trading is a myth, it can't work, it's for fools.  Move along, nothing to see here.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Skyzerfx & 24hrs.

PLEASE REPORT TO YOUR LOCAL ZOO'S.  I THINK WE HAVE JUST FOUND THE MISSING LINK FROM APE TO HUMAN.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
There is a considerable segment of the human population who can't stand freedom and are frightened by many choices and run for cover when someone suggests they ought to take responsibility for a choice they've made. They just want to be told what to do and they just want to be taken care of.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Just added to profitable G/U position at 21:00 GMT, 5 PM NY time, paying quite a large spread. I marvel, agape, at this technomiracle.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Alright no need PDF, could you instead just state,

(3 sells /3 buys)  based on what Trades are placed??? What are the triggers?

Manually by looking at the chart? When to sell (3 pairs) and when to buy (3 other pairs)?

P.S

Forget about EA, just on simple Chart can you explain where you going to be looking to SELL those 3

and Buy 3(buys)? Based on what? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
What are your beef here, newb? f* off.. Read there thread? what you think I'm blind or something?

There is no specs on what those EA's are actually doing.. selling and buying where and why???

--- 帖子 #26 ---
You don't even want to try reading the first post of the thread?  Good grief man.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Again, the first post of the thread. Try reading that.

[ placing this member...and a few others...on ignore ]

Therrrre, that's better.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom6_01a.htm

MaxMarginToUse: 0.5

ProfitPct: 0.75

Lowest Margin: 406.03%

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Currently have open 3 Gbp/Usd buys, and 1 Chf/Jpy sell. Still studying this and orig. thread.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
TP met, all positions closed, like clockwork. Thanks, MC

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Is it just me, or is the "equity" locked at 10000$ even though the actual equity is much lower?

I tried it on a 500$ demo, and it tripled it within a few hours, although that probably had to do with the 0.25 lot sizes it put up, instead of the actual ones it should have had. any idea why? Also seems like it was gunning for a 10075$ equity because of that, so even if it had "300%" gain, it didn`t close any trades.

--- 帖子 #32 ---
It must have been a standard account, for which $500 is far too small an account balance. You'd get a margin call very very soon.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Good evening MC,

Like always I follow your threads with great interest. 24 hours ago I started a test: 10.000.-$, 200:1, MMTU: 0.5, PP: 0.75. Just close first profit after a big move: 2,25% up, just one close........ Will run on my VPS 24/7.....

Thanks a lot again MC.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Very cool Caillou, thanks for sharing your initial results and good trades to you.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Thanks MC.

I want to share my stats, I have registered at MyFxBook but it is a bit slow. Do you recommend me any another way ?

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Next few months let's see if we can determine what monthly percentage that can safely be gained on a 50:1 mini account, using the EAs on this thread.

We might as well also test 50:1 standard accounts.

I don't claim that the current default MaxMarginToUse and ProfitPct settings are optimal. The project I propose is to find optimal settings.

Another key question to answer is, what are the lowest safe balances to start with on a mini account and on a standard account?

If we could stay focused on answering these questions and try to keep the noise level down, that'd be great.

Please use Frazer as a role model for how to test and report. That kind of quality data will help us come up with the answers.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Uploading spreadsheets per the Frazer format or some similar format would be very good.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Perfect. And how can I do that Frazerd ?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Just wondering, does it really matter that much what pairs you use to create the synthetic hedge? I mean if you use 6 pairs there are many variations that can be used. Just for fun I modified phantom6_01a to use different pairs, started the demo 11/2. If interested Ill let it run a bit see how it does.

In 2 days, 5 pops, up 1.24%.

mmtu- 0.3, pp- .25%, 100:1 lev (smarttradefx,canadian broker).

buys- EURUSD/USDCHF/AUDCAD

sells- AUDUSD/EURCHF/USDCAD

--- 帖子 #40 ---
No it doesn't matter as long as it is a pure synthetic hedge.

Actually, wait...

Better question would be - does it matter at all what pairs, synthetic hedge or not, since this EA just adds to the strongest pair each hour?

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Thats a good question. Probably in the early stages of a leg it doesnt matter. Its only when the trades build up you will need the hedge. I know we are not trading corelations here but if you look at any 6 pair basket, at least a few are somewhat corelated. As an example eurusd long, audusd short. If you have a few longs built up in eurusd and it starts to drop, good chance audusd will drop too and you will pickup shorts to balance out the exposure.

I think that is the advantage of only trading 6 pairs as opposed to the 14. No one has really talked about it, but exposure to a certain currency (long or short) is really the key. Too much exposure in one direction and you can get big drawdown, too little and you wont get a equity pop. Trading 6 pairs its easier to balance out the exposure with less open trades. And I like less open trades. pretty scary when you got 36 open trades running and your 10 open gbfchf longs start to nose dive off the cliff.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Pair selection absolutely matters. It's critical.

thorn, it looks like you see this.

Let's say we only select pairs, and directions to trade them, that favor JPY weakness.

When JPY weakness occurs, trades are added, but what if JPY suddenly strengthens before the profit objective is reached, and this new move continues strongly for days?

We'd be sitting there watching our increasing drawdown and nothing to counteract it. Horror!

Now let's look at this in light of a sythetic hedge. Let's say we start with JPY weakness as in the unhedged example. With our AddSix strategies, we'd probably see some EURJPY long trades. Oh but now JPY gets strong before our EURJPY trades close for profit. The EA would soon stop opening EURJPY long trades, and it will start opening CHFJPY short trades, and as JPY continues its strong, we get more and more CHFJPY short trades until the losing EURJPY trades are more than positively counterbalanced and profit is reached.

Not only that, but we have other pairs in the mix that are also components of a perfectly balanced sythetic hedge, so we have trading instruments in our bag that will hook into the profitable directions of several currencies no matter which way the market turns.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Well said, MC.

I think we have 2 important advantages in this EA:

1.- A perfect synthetic hedge makes you not need a SL: if you are suddenly in the wrong direction each hour the system will balance this.

2.- It´s a Dynamic EA: each hour your basket will be adapted to the new market condition.

We have to find for each leverage the MMTU and PP in order to have the minimun but unavoidable DD.

Now my account is 2,27% up since yesterday, DD=9.68%. Sooner or later, Profit will be reached, just we have to hold on with DD.....

Finally, I found an easy, free and updated each 5 min way to share my results:

http://sergioar.mt4stats.com/

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Caillou, that right there is a good post!  Bullet points 1 & 2 are important pillars of the systems and I like the mt4stats thing.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Have solved my problem.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
What problem was that?

--- 帖子 #47 ---
while EA was enabled. Turned out to be an incompatibility problem with 02a and a bar timer indy I added to chart. All is fine now. Three baskets traded flawlessly.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Oh, good to hear it.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Hello MC,

great job for the Phantom_AddSix_02a.

Since yesterday 20:00 ( german time ) the EA opened on my live account trades with EUR/CHF, GBP/CHF and EUR/JPY. All trades are closed today at 12:39, 12:40 and 12:43 local time

EUR/CHF +477 Pip     5 trades

GBP/CHF +269 Pip    9 trades

EUR/JPY - 417 Pip     6 trades

Profit: +329 Pips

King regards

Meta1

--- 帖子 #50 ---
10.000.-$, 200:1, MMTU: 0.5, PP: 0.75

Just closed second Basket: 44 trades, took 13 min to close !!!! With big moves this could be a problem or an advantage, max DD: -14.94%, Lowest Margin: 302.15%, account up 2.84%

As I said before, sooner or later, the basket will be closed....

http://Sergioar.mt4stats.com

--- 帖子 #51 ---
You might want to experiment with lower PP settings, like 0.1, 0.2 or 0.25.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Maybe, but what I´ve noticed is that I was in DD since the beginning with 2 baskets, I mean I didn´t reached profit early not because it was too big, just because I was loosing since the 1º trade, and when Floating P/L is positive, it reach the target very quickly..... so if it will be like this the most of the time, it might be better to have a PP at least 0.50, time will say.....

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Hi MC,

What about adding a basket trailing stop feature?

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hi everyone, this is my first post at FF. Have been following Steve Hopwood's EA's for some weeks and have just read the mechanics on this EA.

Will test with some of the recommended settings posted before and will get back to you with any relevant feedback I may have.

Thanks to everyone here for all the hard work

greetings from Peru

--- 帖子 #55 ---
Hi MC,

I been following your threads for the last little while and had a few q's and a few thoughts.

q1. Whats with the 6 pairs you chose? Anything special? Or smallest spread total?

Would it be better to make this a bit more dynamic in the way it chooses trades aswell as timing to avoid whipsaw?

We know that there's usually a breakout during LO (statistics and fundamentals tell us so). We also know that this usually lasts until end of NY/LONDON overlap

With this in mind would it be better to start at LO and reset on NY/LONDON close?

We can have a basket that is synthetically hedged to take advantage of volatility during this time for specific pairs... ie: london/us pairs should be traded during london/us session.. makes sense.

During Asian invasion we can have an Asian synthetic basket to take advantage of yen movements.

And during Aussie/NZ and start of Asian... we can have another basket. Each one would refresh after end of session.

I'm trying to stick to fundamentals in applying your strategy. But maybe I'm way off course!

If you don't think this is a good idea I can modify the code and test for myself. I think we may see more trades (thus higher risk) but you will know how successful a strategy is by the number of trades it has made... we are simply denying the inevitable by saying that trading once a day will save us from being killed... I believe if your strategy is sound... you can trade any opportunity as long as it follows your principles.. but you have to know when to cut your loss.

To take it a step further we can try to optimize the PP and MMTU by looking at the hourly ADR (not running but across the same hour from multiple days) ie: monday at LO, tuesday at LO, wed at LO... how many pips of average did the currencies in your basket move... to know what you can expect this time.

Thanks,

Jag

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Hi Guy's

Great thread as usual.

Have managed to get to my PC and have set a test account on IBFX with the following parameters:

Standard Account

Balance $5000.00

MM 0.3000

PP  0.5

Leverage 1:50

I will report next week with an Excel Spreadsheet as these appear to be the most user freindly.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Hi MC,

Just wanted to say thank you for all your efforts on these EA's and being willing to share. I am currently testing version 1a. I just had one question: what do you do at close of play Friday? Do you just leave the EA to pick up where it left off on Monday open?

--- 帖子 #58 ---
A very clever system with exceptionally clean code (which I understand only partially).

I was wondering whether it may be worth including some sort of equity "shirt" protection in the event that things go very badly and unexpectedly wrong? If margin is below level X, then close all trades and shut down completely until user deletes a global variable and restarts.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
You have asked a frequently-asked question.  See my FAQ please.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
This is technically very easy to do, of course. Such a feature is something I don't plan to put into my implementation, however others are completely free to do so as I always offer the source code for every EA.

Manual override by the account owner is always possible and my philosophy is to let the trader be the manager of such situations, whether this means taking actions manually or pursuing automated solutions of h(er/is) own or a third party's design.

I've spent far more time thinking about how to win than how to lose, hence there are better people to turn to if you're keen on loss mitigation.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Your stream of consciousness is not unlike that of many traders when they first see these systems.

I could give lengthy and specific responses to each of your questions and propositions, but all I'll say is -- the results speak for themselves.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Thanks,

Nice work on the EA... code is really readable. Using clean code always pays for itself 10x.

For me its easier to concentrate on the how if you know the why.

Jag

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Understood. I respect your position on this and understand the motivation behind it.

I may well add this functionality myself for the simple reason that the time it is most likely to be doing most trading is when I am most likely to be asleep, since I am on the US West Coast.

Cheers

Invisible

--- 帖子 #64 ---
SteveHopwoods MPTM has the Shirt protection feature, I hope this helps..

By the way thank you for perfect concept. I will try next week.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
You are right, Carolco. MPTM is very good, but it does not have the capacity to stop the original EA from trading if the max equity loss is hit. There is another bot I am trying to remember the name of which creates a global variable when the equity max loss is hit. You add some embedded code into the trading EA and this has the effect of preventing the trading EA from starting trading again after a Black Swan-type incident without the human coming along and re-setting this global variable.

Now what was it called.....? I'm sure it will come to me eventually, but if anyone remembers and can post a link that will be very useful.....

--- 帖子 #66 ---
It's called accountsentry, and you just need to add a simple line in your ea to check if the global variable is changed when an equity breach is hit, which will cease trading until you reset it.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
does it close all the existing trades ? or it doesnt accept any new orders ? if we are trying to close the trades, then that leaves a big hole in your account. my advice would be to arrive at a setting (MMTU, PP) that would make you comfortable even in case of big drawdowns. because eventually it comes back to profit, you need to tide over this period. back testing is the only way to know what would be the max DD for a given account type, MMTU, PP, Leverage

normally you see big drawdowns when a single pair keeps adding trades continuosuly (mostly during asia time) , then it needs a good mixture of pairs in the basket and hope for the market to move in favor of that one single pair to come out of the hole. one mod in my mind is dont add to trades of the same pair after it reaches a 'threshold' number if all the previous adds are from same pair and the combined PL of this pair is in positive.  lets say you keep this number as 3.  EA added GU. again added GU and again added GU. now next hour GU comes up, check if the combined PL of GU is above zero

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Haha! Oh yah. Sorry. Actually I read that many times already. Sometimes people may forget.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Hi Pippopotamus,

Would you mind to share the bar timer indy you are using? I also have incompatibility problem with MPTM and Phantom EAs. I want to see what do they have in common that causes this flickering. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
I 'm not sure anymore, but I believe when the MPTM is running, it deletes the global variables. Which isn't very well for the function of the Phantom.....

(but check it out for yourself, not sure)

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Hello.

Maybe this mod would reduce DD significatively, because it is a problem when you have a lot of tardes of the same currency and the market moves opposite to you.

What do you think MC?

--- 帖子 #72 ---
http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/attach/mq4.gifbar_close_alarm_V1.mq4

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Thanks Pippo!

--- 帖子 #74 ---
We can also try taking trades on the same pair only if the distance of the new trade is above a certain value from the previous trade.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
I had started something similar in a java program sometime ago (for use in Dukascopy's platform) but got involved in some other projects and didn't finish it. Anyway, I was using only four pairs, alternating long and short positions depending on which pair was going better and also depending on the long-term trend. I was using:

Buy:

EURUSD

GBPJPY

Sell:

GBPUSD

EURJPY

I can't see any difference between using these 4 pairs and 6 or more pairs, so I'm inclined to go with the simpler setup (although it already is very simple). Any thoughts ?

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Hello, Metacoder, (or anyone who understands it)

please forgive my dumbness, i've gone thru the EA code and the thread mostly.  However, seemingly, there is not a fixed stoploss rule?

Again, it may be available but i didn't understand/find it.  just hope someone please enlighten me?

thanks a lot!

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Hello, Congratulations for a very interesting system Metatrader, I am new to this aproach and will be studying all what is said in the thread, I just wanted to contribute with something, as I can't contribute wiht something else at the moment (as I am a little bit newbie lol) .

I made a Logo for this system, any recomendations/changes are welcome.I hope you guys like it.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
I think that's just pretty cool. It's obvious that MC has put a lot of work into these EA's and deserves a round of applause (and a logo).

Great fortune to all  !!

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Nice logo!

For the ones searching for a hard stop loss or a close all function take a look at this mod. It closes all the trades when the "open loss to close trades" amount is hit or passed.

It also resets the phantom trades and the dollar profit target. So it starts completely fresh!

(The only thing it doesn't change is the last flat balance but that doens't matter for the functionality of the EA. And the account cutoff limit is displayed with a lot of zeros after the point. A -200 open loss to close trades is displayed as -200.00000)

It works, so those who think this is needed or feel safer while using a hard stop loss, download this version. But like Metacoder said many times before: it isn't really needed. The addsix versions are completely hedged. If you notice to much dd, change your Maxmargintouse!

Thanks MC for the hard work! I only kinda copy pasted the stoploss function from CloseTrades_After_Account_Loss_TooMuch.mq4 from Tradinator and put the reset phantom and $profit into it. A thank you to him also for that EA. But it was fun to do and now I understand the Phantom Add_six02A even better.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Very cool logo.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Thanks evrybody and specially to metacoder for his BIG effort to make us understand his very very hard work , I am actually trying to finish reading the Basket14 thread to understand all of this, maybe a logo For that Thread can work too ? as that one is the basic one right?  .

Best Regards friends

__________-

Sequoia

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Hi MC,

Just reading your post on page 2, and I have two questions,

1) I understand that increasing MMTU will increase your lotsize, but does decreasing your PP using the same MMTU increase the lotsize further?

2) Checking your statement below I noticed that lotsize that was originally 0.03 later changed to 0.11, 0.06, 0.05, and finally 0.08. How did you achieve this? Was it changed combinations of MMTU and PP, or one or the other?

Pedross

http://bobthoughts.net/Phantom6_01a.htm

MaxMarginToUse: 0.5

ProfitPct: 0.75

Lowest Margin: 406.03%

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Hi all,

I´ve started Sunday evening a new test for Phantom6_01a and Phantom_AddSix_02a, 10.000.-$, 200:1, MMTU: 0.5 (0.1 lots), PP: 0.5

01a: first profit, +57,96$, max DD: -1.88%

02a: no profit yet, max DD: -4.53%

For Phantom6_01a:

http://sergioar.mt4stats.com

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Hey

is it possible to run the Phantom_AddSix_02a on same account as another EA (the beast) is running?

Or would that create troubles? Ofcorse on a different chart. I use MIG in Schweiz.

BR

PC

--- 帖子 #85 ---
I think can, but you need another EA like MPTM to manage the closing of your basket trades. But somehow the Phantom Six EA will be frozen when MPTM is loaded. The global variables set by Phantom EA will be gone. But I'm not sure about 'the beast' if it can recognize its own trades.

I'm using a basket trade manager I extracted from Steve's MPTM but still under test. I'm not a coder. I just know how to copy and paste so I'm not confident enough to share the EA. But let me know if interested.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
I used several different EAs at different times.  Most of the Phantom-type EAs will make money as long as lot sizes aren't too large for the account type/size.

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Not recommended except for those with very advanced knowledge of the MT4 platfrom and EAs.  Even then not a good idea.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
After demo-ing 6_01a last week, I went live with it starting Friday, trading one penny lots. Currently down $5.50, or in the neighborhood of 500 pips. Is it unusual for hedged trades to be in such a state of imbalance?

--- 帖子 #89 ---
I would've demo'd the EA for at least 3 months!

Yesterday was a very choppy/ranging market.  Hopefully your account will recover.

Once it gets above 5%/on the way to 10% Maximum DD, I would start worrying

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Been demoing MC's basket EAs for weeks now. As you know, there've been a few versions. This one looked like a winner so I thought I'd go live, although at minimum risk (one penny lots), so not too worried about the money. I just assumed a hedge would prevent 500 pip swings. Isn't that its purpose?

--- 帖子 #91 ---
The hedge only is useful if all currencies in the hedge are traded at the same time.

Because these EAs only trade the Biggest Phantom Winners each hour, you could get several trades on a pair only to have it reverse later on.

The only backup is for another Biggest Phantom Winner to emerge and it is usually the currency on the other side of the hedge.

But even that isn't enough to prevent a large draw down in a very choppy market.

Hence why I am trying all sorts of strategies to prevent my version trading in choppy/range-bound markets.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
I see. Thanks for the explanation.

Mike

--- 帖子 #93 ---
pinhead, pl check frazer reports. 01 adds lot of trades. 02 version adds less and is more stable. iirc, 01 ran into margin call once, pl check it

if i decide to go LIVE, it would be 02 or 02a

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Thanx, roundrock. I should be more up to speed on what these EAs are doing, but lately I've been on the Steve Hopwood EA testing merry-go-round, with half a dozen demos going, and, frankly, it's turned into more than I can handle. Time to cut back a little.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
frankly speaking i havent read the entire T101 thread or the EA by steve. but i can tell you this add Six series by MC is the best multipair system i have seen. its not just take any 14 and trade anytime. there is lot of thought process and excellent testing by frazer and others. it has every thing. settings to address margin, dd, profitability, lotsize. intelligence to know when to add and what to add.

give it a try on demo and concentrate on one EA or max 2 EA

I would suggest try 02 or 02a

ps: one thing i dont like in steve EA is stoploss, one SL would eatup several profitable trades.

pps:  MC, excuse me for bringing other EA discussions here, but i couldnt resist

--- 帖子 #96 ---
I´m with you Roundrock,

Since I met MC´s EA´s, I only focuse my time and attention to Phantom EA´s, I have never trade forex with less stress, it is just a matter to find the right Phantom and the right MMTU and PP......

Thanks again MC, Frazerd and everyone .....

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Hi - Are you able to trade this system manually?

Thanks

WFX

--- 帖子 #98 ---
OK. Strategy is to add to winning trades every hour. On the attached chart, a trade was added every hour to the GU, which was losing. I'm trying to make sense of it, but . . .

--- 帖子 #99 ---
I really like this concept.. Im on demo with 01a and 02a versions. No trade were closed and right now I am in loss by floating equity.

I feel  (not think) there must be one more (not indicator based) golden rule that will help to improve this fantastic EA.

As I see my demos with loss floating equity, why not to try to make countertrand synthethic hedge. So the rule would be the biggest winner on Buys we sell this pair and vice versa. At first it seems to be stupid idea, I know, but it could do better job by: reversing and ranging which happed more often than tranding..

Just a thought

With respect Karel

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Lately the market has exhibited action that is a test for these kinds of tactical packages.

See the new Phantom6_01x, mirroring the latest thoughts on the Basket14 thread.

--- 帖子 #101 ---
karel, if you know little bit of coding, it should be easy to do and test

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Tried it...

--- 帖子 #103 ---
I'm sure there must have been a notification on the Basket14 thread about this one starting, but I missed it somehow. Didn't know about it until MC posted a link today.

Anyway, I'm on board now and will start reporting here. I will probably replace at least some of the EAs on my IBFX demos with these since they are very similar and have better screen comments.

Additionally,since MC has made my spreadsheets the standard for reporting results (thanks a bunch MC) and there has been at least 1 person asking how I do it, I will post a word .doc in the next day or so with step-by-step directions.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Herein (the above quote)  lies a clue. If there is truly a synthetic hedge does all the entry criteria really matter?? I was trying to get a four pair "hedge trader" EA to work so as to test this idea but I am NOT a coder. Before I'm told to "just learn how to do it yourself" I would like to say that some people build/design aircraft, others are test pilots. Generally, that's how today's world works.

Moving on, Frazerd; have you had any problem with your "X" version not closing when PPct was reached? I did have but not sure if it's the EA or a screwy broker (closed manually when PPct was well above set amount). Also, I was going to upload a sreadsheet with what I feel is a good summary sheet but FF doesn't recognize the filename of my preferred SS program so

I tried to copy/paste the headings if you can make any sense of it. The corresponding formulas are easy enough to input.

Phantom6_01a

Goal:

AVG Gain/Day

11/04/10             Begin Demo, IBFX Mini-Micro 50:1

Total Days >>             1.75             0.53% TTL % Gain >>             0.93%

Begin Balance            “Equity Balance Enhancement”

Work Days Previous Balance Actual MAX Floating Max Floating Lowest
# of Trades Margin Used Percent ( est.) Margin Est. % margin                               $2,986.82
EBE MMTU Set Profit % Set Profit Target Elapsed M/L Balance After EBE EBE % Draw Down $$  DD  $$ Margin % Lot Size Opened @ $3/Micro Margin Used Per Trade per Trade

11/05/10             $16.20             0.5             0.4             $11.86             1             2986.82             $3,003.02             0.54%             0.97%             $29.10             718.10%             0.07             21             $441.00             14.76%             $21.00             0.70%

Cheers,

TR........... REVELATION !!! Copy/Paste spread sheet not work grasshoppa' !!

Sorry, we'll just ignore this post but treasure it for its "lesson ??".

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Hi Frazerd,

Yes, I ask you about your spreedsheet, I found it very detailed. Truth be said, since I found myfxbook, I think it is a quick, easy and very professional way to share results. I really recommend you.........

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Hi meta coder,

I have been running phantom6_01 for the last 36 hous in mu demo a/c. Impressive performance.

5000 $ equity has become 5303 $. No loss basket so for. MMTU 0.5 and Profitpct 0.75.

I have seen it is placing 10 trades sometimes. I kept 0.1 lot size.

Any basket closses after hitting stop loss? what is the setting for stop loss?

Thanks for the wonderful EA.

I also added phantom_addsix_02a yesterday evening. For long time it did not trade but now it started trading. Any trading time has been set for this?

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Phantom6_01 has closed another basket. Equity now, 5347 $.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Phantom_addsix_02a :

It says, the profit target is 37.5 $. Actually the profit is more than 40 & and still did not close. Any issues with it ?

I would reqst members to reply those who are using this EA. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Phantom_addsix_02a : It has just closed with 54 $ profit. Actually the EA says the profit target is 37. 5 $. Why is this?

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Did you manually close trades or are there trades closed by MT4 due to margin calls (less than 100% margin) ?

That can be the cause of this.

This is also a possible explanation:

The EA shows the profit target in dollars. But it works with the equity profit target. If it reaches that target, it closes. It can be different with a lot of trades open in a fast moving market. The EA gets the signal, starts closing all the trades, but before all the trades are closed it has moved in your favor or despite it. So you have a difference.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
I did not close manually, neither was closed due to margin call. I had enough margin.

I want to see how it close next time.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
The market moves as the trades are closed.  It can affect the account negatively or positively.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
I have been following both of the threads and have 03b running on a $3500 demo account...currently have 39 open trades and margin level is 216%..down around $400...since starting the ea it has increased the demo level by $265.

I am using the settings MC has.

running 02a on another demo account with similar results, however less open trades.

thanks to MC and others for great input

regards

Ross

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Since 08-Nov-2010, Phantom has been achieving postive pips.

Using smallest lot 0.01, profit percentage ranging from 0.5 to 1.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
What is the lot size of each trade?

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Hi, thank you for yor brillant work

It is posible to do indicator who draw in a single horizontal line (like moving average) the sum of all the position of the panthom basket thru "x" weeks ago established by the user.

Regard

PD. Sorry english is not my first language

--- 帖子 #117 ---
pl explain with example or picture

--- 帖子 #118 ---
started at .02 now at .03

--- 帖子 #119 ---
I am currently using Addsix 2a on a small live account, and I must say currently with a fantastic set of results.

I have followed one of the trades from the initial pair opening through to the close as the PP was reached. There were a couple of hours where there was a drawdown.

A suggestion, I have which it seem's would have worked on the particular scenario I watched, would be to close a pair every second hour. The criteria for which pair to close that I applied is as follows....

Multiple pairs are open, some in profit some in loss. I looked for the worst performing pair ie. the largest loss and closed it. Then 2 hours later I looked for the worst pair again and again closed it. I kept following this logic while there were trades in negative.

I didn't mess with the EA but did it as a paper exercise. The PP and flat balance would have been hit a couple of hours earlier. The EA however did reach the required PP and closed out for a profit.

I am the first to admit I have only looked at one particular scenario and will need to follow this logic a few more times to see if it repeats the initial findings.

My reasoning for having a look at this is that it may help to stop a large drawdown in a choppy market. The reason for closing every 2 hours is that the EA doesn't open a new pair every hour.

Just food for thought. Has anyone else had a look at anything like this.

Keep up the good work MC the results speak for themselves. I'm impressed.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Hello MC

I'm running your Add six 02a EA on a demo. In your above statement you had about 150 trades open at one time during the the days between 9/29 and 10/1. I saw that it took the EA 3 minutes to close all the trades at TP. I did a little experiment and opened 150 trades then closed them with a script called CloseAll and it took only 29 seconds to close the 150 trades. Don't know if the coding from this script can be added to your EA but if it can't, you might want to use this script manually when you have alot of trades to close and you want out faster. Thanks much for the EA .

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Hmmmm... might be interesting if the EA's did a calculation "if all winning trades equal Profit Percent, close all losing trades".

BTW... I've been running Phantom 6 01x with great results and very small DD.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
BTW... I've been running Phantom 6 01x with great results and very small DD.[/quote]

Hello TradeRunner,

please would you disclose us your set file? Do you use default setting?

Regards

--- 帖子 #123 ---
I started all 3 of the Phantom6 EAs on new demo accounts yesterday, all at the same time. They are all set with MMTU 0.5 and PP 0.5. This should give a good comparison of the 3.

None of them is even close to closure yet.

01 has accumulated 24 trades, lowest DD -2.67%, lowest margin 545%

01a has accumulated 28 trades, lowest DD -3.58%, lowest margin 470%

01x has accumulated 15 trades, lowest DD -1.89%, lowest margin 878%

I will post spreadsheets when I have some closures.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Just looking at the early results I posted above, there are a couple of obvious conclusions. First, the resetting of phantoms may not be a good tactic. It is producing more trades and more same pair losers.

Secondly, the x factor seems to be an excellent tactic, keeping same pair losers and total trades to a minimum.

These screen shots of the Trade window show it graphically.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Totally agree......

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Hello TradeRunner,

please would you disclose us your set file? Do you use default setting?

Regards[/quote]

Still having excellent results with 6 01x (seems to be different than Frazerds results).

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Has a lot to do with when you start. I wish I could figure out the secret, but it has been pointed out several times that timing is a key that we have not been able to get hold of. I started these yesterday afternoon, which would have been near the end of the US trading day. Seems to me that generally, getting started just before the Europe opening (late night my time) has usually worked out better.??

--- 帖子 #128 ---
since this is sort of originated from t101's 14 pairs basket idea, i'd be bold to suggest NOT to forfeit the resetting feature.

however, try reset at the end of each U.S session, that is, daily reset.

if we don't reset it completely, then when a big trend retrace, the account might see a lot of drawdown.

well, on 2nd thought, if the previous position MUST be profitable to open next pos, then resetting may not be needed 100%.  but there is still a timing issue, i'm afraid...

cheap 1 cent。。。

--- 帖子 #129 ---
I understand what you're saying. However, if you're considering running an EA on a live account month after month, the starting time is hardly relevant.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
I'm running the AddSix 02a . Trying to figure out why the last 4 trades(within the last 5 bars showing on the chart) have been buys on USD/CHF when the price has been falling. Shouldn't EA be selling not buying here?

--- 帖子 #131 ---
As I understand it, MC knew nothing of T101's method when posting these EA's. They're comprised of a "common sense" hedge (and if they keep working he may soon decide to charge us a monthly fee for their use so best not to brag about them too much).

Really.... you can't tell if there's a timing issue or not based on a few days data.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
i do this manually. i copy the trades from EA to my live account manually. what i have seen is if you start the basket at end of US you will have several trades in the basket mostly same pair during asia and it takes a while to hit TP

Thats why i start my basket 1 hr before EU and it closes faster. i do one basket a day. if i get TP quickly and have atleast 1 hr in EU then i start 2nd basket and hope it closes before US closes. for any reason it doesnt close by US end, i will close it manually if i am BE or in profit. if i was in loss i will continue to ASIA.

with x factor and smaller PP 0.25, the momentum takes to PP quickly, so it works better in EU

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Hi roundrock,

I read somewhere that there's an EA that copies trades from another mt4 but the link directed me to a website sales page. it would be nice if there's an EA (that is free) like that here in FF.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
That is correct, if you run the EAs continuously you will have good runs and a few bad ones mixed in every now and then. EDIT: If you start with a good run that lasts for a few weeks, you can be lulled into believing that it will last forever. Not true. Any system will have some rough times. That is why I keep my settings where the lowest margin never gets too low.

I was referring to the difference in performance between your demo and mine which were running at about the same time. I started mine at a bad time, while you started probably earlier than me and I would guess during the Europe or US markets. During testing of some of the earlier EAs we have seen big differences in initial performance with demos that started just an hour or so apart.

I think many traders agree with roundrock that the Europe/US market times are best for trading.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Phantom6_01 :

Presently - 650 $ and margin at 250 %. A/c size 5340 $ Lot size 0.1. 27 open trades.

I expect tonight there will be margin call.

Phanto addsix _02a :

A/c size 5073 $. Lot size 0.1 Presently down by 280 $. Margin 685 %. No of open trades : 11.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
I have run the phantom six 01 since the beginning of the week

I only run it for 12 hrs a day 8.00 am to 8.00pm an account of 5000 demo now running at 5496 10% profit in 4 days

My only concern is the number of trades that it potentially could open.

I was thinking that once that it opens more than 100 trades ie in my case 0.05 lots =5  lots stop the ea and monitor and close at break even .

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Open demo account standard the Euro 3000 leverage 50:1 03/11/2010 10:00 am

MMTU = 0.5

LOTS = 0.1

PP = 0.75

results to date 12/11/2010 10:00 am 3660.07 +22.00%

DD = MAX -465.11

LM = 93.94%

--- 帖子 #138 ---
phantom6_01

34 trades open with 0.1 lot. Margin 156 %. Any time i am expecting stop out. Equity down by 1650 $.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Phantom_addsix_2a just got closed with 42 $ Profit. Lowest margin was 495 %.

I have now changed the setting as under :

MMTU : 0.75.

Profit : 1.0

--- 帖子 #140 ---
I think a margin call will eventually come with any of these EA's if your're going to trade .1 size lots. I'm trading .06 size lots(AddSix 02a) with $39,500(demo) so I'm going at this much more conservatively than some of you guys. I estimate I could withstand more than 150 trades before MC with 50:1 leverage.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
i closed all open orders in phantom6_01 as the margin came down to 139 %.

I am now running phantom06_1a and phantomaddsix_02a

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Of course you can trade 0.1 lots, with 10.000.-$ and 500:1 Leverage. If you get a margin call with this settings you have to forget this EA....

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Phantom6_1a:

The profit target has reached but the trades did not close. It reversed.

You guys have same problems?

--- 帖子 #144 ---
You have to look at your Equity and Equity Profit Target. Did they have the same value and trades didn´t close ?

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Ohh yah, i was running phantom6_01 earlier in this platform, but now i changed to phatom6_01a.

I opened new demo a/c with 5000 $ for phantom6_01a.

However it shows last balance 5347 which was the earlier balance with phantom06_01.That is why id did not close.

It recognises the old a/c balance even after oening new demo a/c with 5000 ?

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Before running any EA, press F3 and make sure you delete all Global Settings. I had the same problem a few weeks ago and I get crazy for hours.....

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Your lowest margin of 93.4% tells me that you have had a margin call even though you have a profit and the graph looks really good.

That can happen with these EAs if the market is favorable. What happens is when margin goes below 100% the broker's software closes the biggest losing trades until margin is back above 100%. If the market is favorable the remaining trades can come into profit and reach the Equity Profit Target, giving you a profit. It happened on my AddSix_01 demo and apparently it has happened again here.

Maybe there is a lesson to be learned here? Maybe at a given margin level we should have the EA close the biggest loser every hour, as well as adding a biggest winner. Just a thought... maybe worth considering.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Great, i did that. Now it is perfect. Thanks a lot. I learnt something new today.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
It has happened several times and been discussed several times in the Basket14 thread. The problem is that all MC's EAs have the same magic number, so if you have been running another of his EAs on the account and change, you have to do as you instructed or change the magic number of the new EA you are starting.

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Here is my first spreadsheet report on these EAs.

Ph6_01 managed to close today, but only for about .16% profit even though the PP is .5.

Ph6_01a has not closed and has 50 open trades and margin is down to 265% - too low for my liking.

Ph6_01x has not closed and has only 17 open trades and margin is 775%.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
As I do not have mathematical brain I slowly start to understand this concept and Ive found it briliant. Theoreticaly it should not loose if you let the EA do its work and You have proper setting according your leverage, account size and lot size to be able to handle as much trades as possible. At this stage I think with Phantom01x it takes longer time to achieve Profit Target because of missing Trades. But thats only theory. Forward tests will say..

This week I started PhantomSix01a:

IBFX-MINI 500USD 50:1

Max.Margin:0.5

Profit Percent 0.75

LotSize 0.01 (1pip 1Cent)

4 successful rounds +14.96 USD Profit

3.80USD average profit per round

Max.Floatin Loss 12.68% (2.54%DD)

Lowest Margin 256%

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Another idea is to give a maximum hours of life for each order.
For example, every hour to close all orders older than 8 hours maybe only those in the positive

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Yes, it is brilliant thanks to MC and you have mastered the concept perfectly. Theoretiacally these EAs should never close for a loss unless there is a margin call. However, they can occassionally close for a loss. It has happened a few times when the EA has accumulated many trades and during the time it takes to close them all, the market turns against us and by the time all trades close there is a small loss.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
To those of you running the most recent EA. AddSix-02a. Are you getting a new trade each hour as EA is supposed to add to each winner each hour? On my platform the EA opened an initial trade with GBP/USD on hour 1300(red check mark) but did not add to that position in hour 1400 or 1700. It did this yesterday with other pairs. I've read the whole thread. Am I missing something here?

--- 帖子 #155 ---
02a won't necessarily add a new trade every hour.  Please read the thread carefully and you will understand why.  Probably any question you have will have been discussed on this thread or the Basket14 thread or in my FAQ.  Please don't get upset if we don't answer the same questions that have already been asked and thoroughly answered.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
addsix_02a is performing consistently, opening between 6 & 8 trades and is up almost 4% since 5/11.

03b is currently running 77 trades and is down 864.00. Max dd -23.3%. free margin is -82.05.

Account balance is 3765 equity 2900.73  Margin 2984.43

It appears that 3b is not as consistent as 2a and would not be advisable to use it in a live account.

I will leave it running and see how long it takes to come back.

regards

Ross

--- 帖子 #157 ---
I set 2a on a small live account of last weekend so that it started trading with the Asian / Australian session.  I have a MMTU 0.3 and a PP of 0.5.  Thus far I have been very impressed. (see attached)

I have read the logic arguments for trade entry on both the "x factor" and 2a.  I think a good logic argument for entry would be to use both ie. one of the six pairs has to identify itsself as in 2a, but then we have the safety catch of 1x with all trades of the same pair having to be in profit.  Well that's my take on the logic.  I'm sure some one will point it out if I've not quite hit the button.

As previous the results of just under 7% in one trading week shows these trading systems work.  But I thought I'd just add my thoughts.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Hi Guys,

I created a thread with my version of this EA... using multiple baskets for different sessions.

It should trade the same if you set up the baskets the same as this EA... but has a bit of extra cleaning to try to escape away from high drawdown (set profit goal to 0 end of each session) aswell as clearing phantom trades before and after each session (Asian and London).

My thread is here for those who are interested:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=265474

I used 3b as the base.

Thanks,

Jag

--- 帖子 #159 ---
pipssqueak, you are perfectly correct in your understanding. my favorite is also 2ax. less trades, sure winners

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Fundamentally, this agrees that cut a loss quick and short, and let the profit run.  and it is also the fundamental idea of this EA.  I think that your suggestion is very very worth a try.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
This is a good idea. It's hard to say given a margin level because again hardcoding things will get you into trouble... it should be dynamic to evolve with the market.

We know that the phantom we chose is the best at decision time to trade. Now if we have better options at the next decision candle we should take that.

We don't want to be killed by the spread so we should keep the trade intact if its in the top half of the phantom winners.. and cut the loss and move on if it moved into the bottom half (winner becomes a loser). This way the basket is always rolling over to the best phantoms and discarding the bad (even if its in profit). This might give you the edge.

I also think this all depends on the heuristic we apply to decide the "score" of each phantom... I think we can all agree that simply choosing the highest PL doesn't necessarily mean this is the pair that has the highest chance to move for you in the future. This is an important point.

Jag

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Can you change the PP(profit percentage) if the EA already has open trades without screwing up how the EA calculates it's next trade. The reason I ask is ( as mentioned in the Basket 14 thread) once you have several trades opened with DD and the market swings in your favor, it would be easier to take a higher PP when EA TP's. thank you

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Good observation!! That' s why I am not a bit fan of smallers PP. If yours baskets could reach a -2% DD very often, then they could reach a 1% PP very easy as well....I think we have to let our profit run al least 1%...just my opinion....

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Yes, you can change PP at any time. I have done it several times with open trades. But it does reset the phantoms, so it can affect how the next trade is calculated... we don't really know how big a deal that is. As I have said before, I haven't seen any big difference when the phantoms are reset, but it is difficult to measure that.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
That's why MC made PP a external variable.. everybody has their own opinion about when to take profit.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Thanks for that frazerd. I'm thinking (and I know this has been discussed) setting a low PP initially will keep DD lower with more frequent TP's. But if you get into bigger DD with several trades open it would be better to boost the PP for two reasons. A swing in your favor would be easier to take a bigger % TP with several trades open. Also, setting PP higher with lots of trades open gives you more room for price to fluctuate as EA is closing down trades. A few tics against you (with a lower PP setting) with a lot of trades open could mean the difference between a profit or a loss by the time all trades are closed. Would be nice to be able to change settings without resetting the phantoms.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
If phantoms are reset this changes everything... any new trades would be calculated based on that time.. you wouldn't have a good judgement of whats a good phantom or bad phantom anymore.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
One account closed 6 times in basically a 24 hour time period. 3 times with only 1 trade. The other account is up 1.7% in the same time period.

However, both are now in the dreaded draw down phase.

Prosperous Regards !

--- 帖子 #169 ---
For those who want to keep the Phantoms "alive" (i.e. Not reset) after you either - Change a setting / Close then open the MT4 platform / Restart your computer...

1) ...move the SetSymbols(); function call from inside the start() function, into the first line of the init() function

2) ...remove the ResetPhantoms(); function call from inside the init() function

3) ...then you can add the following code in SetGlobalVariableNames()

Inserted Code   strGBPUSDask = MagicNumber+"_"+GBPUSDsym;
strUSDCHFask = MagicNumber+"_"+USDCHFsym;
strEURJPYask = MagicNumber+"_"+EURJPYsym;

strGBPCHFbid = MagicNumber+"_"+GBPCHFsym;
strCHFJPYbid = MagicNumber+"_"+CHFJPYsym;
strEURCHFbid = MagicNumber+"_"+EURCHFsym;
4) ...and then add the following code in InitGlobalVars()

Inserted Code   if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strGBPUSDask)) GlobalVariableSet(strGBPUSDask, GBPUSDask);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strUSDCHFask)) GlobalVariableSet(strUSDCHFask, USDCHFask);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strEURJPYask)) GlobalVariableSet(strEURJPYask, EURJPYask);

if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strGBPCHFbid)) GlobalVariableSet(strGBPCHFbid, GBPCHFbid);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strCHFJPYbid)) GlobalVariableSet(strCHFJPYbid, CHFJPYbid);
if (!GlobalVariableCheck(strEURCHFbid)) GlobalVariableSet(strEURCHFbid, EURCHFbid);
5) ...then you can add the following code to the ResetGlobalVars() function

Inserted Code   GBPUSDask = GlobalVariableGet(strGBPUSDask);
USDCHFask = GlobalVariableGet(strUSDCHFask);
EURJPYask = GlobalVariableGet(strEURJPYask);

GBPCHFbid = GlobalVariableGet(strGBPCHFbid);
CHFJPYbid = GlobalVariableGet(strCHFJPYbid);
EURCHFbid = GlobalVariableGet(strEURCHFbid);

MetaCoder had the rest of the code implemented, just didn't initialise the Global Variables for some reason.

EDIT: The Phantoms will of course reset as usual after closing all real trades for a profit

--- 帖子 #170 ---
I agree with your thinking on using a higher PP and I have changed all of mine back to 0.5. I have decided that the lower PP is not very advantageous just because of the nature of these EAs. With the 0.25 PP I would sometimes get 2, or maybe 3 at the most, closes during a good move. But more often than not I would get only one. If the move is short lived you will not get a second close because it takes time for the EA to select and open another winning trade. It definitely will not happen before the top of the next hour and will usually take 2 or 3 hours to get enough winning trades to close again.

Back to the resetting of phantoms.. I assume everyone is aware that when the market closes on Friday and reopens on Sunday the phantoms reset when the broker servers start up again. I believe it has been mentioned before. And if there are winning phantoms of the traded pairs during that first minute, trades will be opened. That is not necessarily a bad thing.. you are getting a trade on the pair that is a winner at that moment, not something left from Friday. On the other hand, the phantoms have not had enough time to really sort out winners and losers. The only way to preclude those initial trades is to turn off the EAs Friday night and then turn them back on a couple of minutes after the market opens on Sunday.

I have not figured out, and I don't think anyone else has either, whether resetting phantoms is advantageous or not. I tend to think that it is a good thing, but maybe only needs to be done every time the EA closes (as it does anyway) and not every 8 hours. I have seen some opinions stated here that maybe 1 hour is not enough time for winners to emerge among the phantoms. But the fact is that it is quite possible that there will be trades in the first minute after a reset. Look at some of your statements and see how many times there was a trade as soon as the market opened. To prevent that there would have to be code added that does not allow trades during that first minute after a reset.

Sorry for the long post, but resetting of phantoms is an illusive problem.. difficult to determine if it is neccessary or advantageous. And how much time is needed for the true winners to be identified.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Jag, it sounds like you have this phantom business all figured out. Maybe you could explain to me what is a good phantom and a bad phantom.

--- 帖子 #172 ---
According to your posts you've been working on this project for 2+ years yet you ask someone else what is a good "phantom trade" and what is not. If you've been working on it that long you should know better than anyone.

And it seems that you are no closer now to a working EA than you were way back when.....  ?  According to one of Einsteins's theories, that could be a problem. Your rebuttal is, of course, welcome.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Frazer,

Why would you go and say that? I'm just applying what I've learned and learning everyday to this strategy? I try to use fundamentals/technicals  that others used to succeed. Remember you can't have a strategy that is the same that works for two people.. it really depends on your personality but you can follow the same principles.

What I meant to figure out a good and bad phantom was so you don't end up in DD and escape with some kind of profit as soon as you take live trades. I think by our combined testing if we start to average out quicker pops we can say that the fitness function we come up with to decide "good" or "bad" will be better off than when we started.

So what do you think happens when you reset the phantoms? Its like looking at that time and seeing... hey its going up lets buy it! But not considering the background which tells you everything. I know sometimes looking in the short term is better because you will get it right but I think in the long run averaging out of a number of trades this approach will likely lead to higher DD before reaching target or margin call.

What I proposed was a way to look at the background(when to reset phantoms) such that during trading time you will be taking your best guess at direction before actually jumping in... instead of trading at random. The best guess is what will give you an edge and may be the difference between 0 and 1.

By looking at sessions logically it makes sense that each session has a mind of its own and can do its own thing since the economies are different. Back in the day this would be evident but now its not so since we have more of a global economy.. but the underlying architecture should still be the same no? So why not use this in decision making?

What's your take? You are the one with the experience. What do I know I'm just a programmer? LOL

Maybe finding the "right" solution to resetting the phantoms is just a local optimum and we don't need to worry about it in the first place... in which case one of the first versions of this EA should be fine.. but testing will reveal.

I think we are probably wasting time unless we find a way to backtest.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
So I'm assuming phantoms reset every time internet connection is interrupted also. I lose connection most days usually for only a few seconds. If we want the phantoms to work as originally intended by MC then shouldn't we be altering the code as "the-game" has suggested in post 169? Which leads me to this request. Would someone like to compile these changes after reviewing them to see if they work for sure. Don't trust myself with the changes. MC, do you think the frequent reset is a problem? thank you

--- 帖子 #175 ---
So what do you think happens when you reset the phantoms? Its like looking at that time and seeing... hey its going up lets buy it! But not considering the background which tells you everything. I know sometimes looking in the short term is better because you will get it right but I think in the long run averaging out of a number of trades this approach will likely lead to higher DD before reaching target or margin call.

What I proposed was a way to look at the background(when to reset phantoms) such that during trading time you will be taking your best guess at direction before actually jumping in... instead of trading at random. The best guess is what will give you an edge and may be the difference between 0 and 1.

SIDHUJAG,

I agree with this line of thinking. I had posted in basket14 thread few days ago about doing a double check on pair before taking a trade. Something as simple as checking where the current price is compared to the 24 hr avg price (a 24 ema on hourly chart or what ever ).

Is it a perfect solution, heck no. But it does at least give you some background of where a pair is trending, at least over the last 24 hours.

On phantom start up or reset I get far too many trades that are taken against the current hourly trend and these are the pairs that are causing the biggest drawdown. I have never like to trade against the 1 or 4 hour trend so maybe my thinking is off I dont know.

But I do agree that taking a trade just off what a pair did in the last hour is kind of hit or miss, almost like flipping a coin. Now some times you get lucky and and get an equity pop after 1 or 2 trades but not often.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Like I said in my thread... I'm checking the trend by deciding the time to reset the phantoms and time to actually take trades. 24 hours doesn't tell you anything unless you look for S/R. You have to look at each economy.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
I've updated the quoted post and added two new points, namely 2) & 5)

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Jag, I have been out of the net all day and have just read your post. My question was not intended to be derogatory. It is a serious question. I think you have partially answered it in the remainder of your post, but I'm still not clear on what a good or bad phantom is.

I have some experience with these EAs, but I am undecided on what is the best timing for resetting the the phantoms or if it needs to be done at all. As I have stated previously I have not detected any big affect from resetting. I am not a programmer, so I may not understand the workings as well as you, but I have been working with these EAs for a while and I think I have a pretty good understanding just from watching how they function.

The phantoms update with every tick of the chart they are attached to and then at the designated minute the EA adds trades of the pairs that are winner(s) at that minute, if they meet the other criteria. If the phantoms have just been reset, the data is fresh and that is sometimes better than old phantom trades that have been big winners and have since reversed and the new trades are all losers. On the other hand, a phantom winner that has just been reset and is only up by 30 cents may also well be a loser after the next tick. So I think there should be a wait time between resetting phantoms and adding the first real trades. How long that needs to be is the question. I tend to think it can be as little as 30 minutes. After all we are trading a basket of hedged pairs and the biggest winner is going to change pretty frequently in a choppy market. That is what gets us into the big draw downs. I am certainly not convinced that they need to be reset every 8 hours.

Having said all that, I do think that trading only certain market hours could be advantageous, starting the EA at the opening and not taking the first trade until 30 min after market opening. And if you can come up with some kind of technical and fundamental analysis that will keep us from taking as many bad trades, I am all for that. But that is a difficult task. Often the trades that get us into profit were big losers before they became winners, again because of the hedge and a choppy market.

So, long story short, I do not have a solution for the resetting debate.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Your remarks are not worth dignifying with a response other than to say that the comment above is a direct slam at MetaCoder more than at me. And if that is your opinion of his EAs you need to move on to some other thread or start one of your own, since you are smarter than the rest of us.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Hi Frazer,

Sorry for taking it the wrong way  Anyways yes the market is always random but don't tell that to some who have seemed to figure it out lol!

So if the market truely is random then resetting shouldn't matter and you are right about having the hedge to get us out. I'm trying to hope that it isn't and each session opens its own can of worms which are different shapes and sizes... so I'd rather trade session by session base. Anyways testing will tell what works and what doesn't.

In any trend range detection you always have to look at background ( I follow the VSA thread closely aswell and Malcolm always talks about it). I'm trying to apply "background" to our phantoms before taking trades. By choosing times that support my fundamental view of how the market works then I can be confident in myself that I did the best I could to make profit with this strategy.

In the end everyone has a different personality like I said before and each person will have their own tweaks for the strategy to work. You just have to be confident... and know that when the strategy gets away from your view of how things should work you know to get in there try to get out manually if you have to. But aslong as it brings in pips and follows the way you think it should work thats all that matters. There is no right and wrong in a market full of noise there's always a way to collect the cookie crumbs.. you just have to find a way to do it regularly.

If all works well maybe one day you will be the one eating the cookies and leaving the crumbs lol

Jag

--- 帖子 #181 ---
I should say in a basket system this might be similar to what T101 does... basically saying if the anchor gets dislodged and the lowest prev position replaces it... its time to buy the basket and vice versa... this is applying background and might or might not work consistently.

Someone here used only 3 pairs and traded any pairs that had positive phantoms and all real trades of those pairs were always in profit.... that might follow more of a true hedge since you most likely will complete the hedge in real trades... whereas with it now you most likely won't since we have 6 out of 14 pairs and the chances of those 6 being the biggest winners in the same ratio to create the hedge during whipsaw is alot smaller than just having 3 symbols.

Ofcourse the drawback is only have 3 is not spreading out your eggs enough and could lead you to a quicker path to failure. (local optimum in genetics algorithm optimization) which means you have a solution that works locally... but is still a failure globally.

Too much testing lol... I think we have to figure out a way to port it to Java for Dukascopy platform.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
i am not sure what is the actual issue with reestting phantoms.

its reset on minute 01, hour (modulus of 8). that means at 00:01, 08:01, 16:01.

whereas the trades are generated at 0 minute. lets say phantom reset is done at 08:01, then next trade is done at 09:00, so we have 59 min to determine the big winners. this is fine !!! i dont see any issue

trade is not initiated on same minute as reset. so we have 59 min between reset and first set of trades

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Updated through this morning.

Ph6_01 is the only one of these that is doing anything at all and it is doing very well, having closed twice yesterday and once so far this morning. It has closed every day since starting last Thursday evening.

01a is very close to a margin call, while 01x has 22 open trades, but margin is still safe at over 500%

I have not added the x factor to 01 and it is way ahead of the others, neither of which has closed yet.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
can this be used with other EA on the same account?

--- 帖子 #185 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...4&postcount=87

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Actually this EA, can be use to run with other EAs. But do take note that this EA got a few running problems:

1) If there are existing trades on the same magic number, EA will be hanging somewhere somehow.

2) After running a few hours, EA will not be doing any sell or buy. However, I am not sure why. Normally, I will shut it down, change the magic number and it will then work happily again.

Relatively speaking, need more Tender Loving Care as compare to other EAs

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Open demo account standard the Euro 3000 leverage 50:1 03/11/2010 10:00 am

MMTU = 0.5

LOTS = 0.1

PP = 0.75

results to date 17/11/2010 10:00 am 3834.34 +27.81%

DD = MAX -796.80

LM = 86.99%

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Your lowest margin is even lower than last time you posted results. Have you had a margin call? 100% usually triggers a margin call. Have you had losing trades closed which were not part of a EA close all? Could you please sort your statement by closing time and upload it? That will help us determine if there was a margin call.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I personally like Phantom_AddSix_02a and is trading it live. But has anyone tried to reversed the strategy? I put two EAs in 1 account. 1 is normal and the other 1 is reversed. So every hour, there will be a buy and a sell of the same currency pair. I let MPTM to manage individual EA's TP. Attached is the result.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
here is the full report

--- 帖子 #191 ---
I don't see anything that looks like a margin call. FXPRO must have a different system - maybe margin calls come at 0%? Or I could be reading your results wrong - does LM mean lowest margin?

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Interesting and it looks great, but only 1 day.

Please keep us posted on further results.

Are you using default settings? If not, let us know what your settings are and account leverage.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #193 ---
MMTU: 0.2

PP: 50% - this is to let MPTM handle the profit taking.

500:1 leverage

MPTM PP:

1 to 7 open trades: 0.25%

8 to 12 open trades: 0.5%

13 or more open trades: 1%

--- 帖子 #194 ---
In this moment has a margin call

is the third time this has happened.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
lot size too big for your acct balance try 0.01

--- 帖子 #196 ---
just changed Phamtom_Addsix_02a_(close) it to just take 25$ each basket so instead of waiting up to 4 hours for $100 it should trade 4 times and get $ 25 each time

ill see how it goes as per d/d etc

30 sec code change just a $ figure amount i have a suspicion that as standard closing on a % it does''nt close as Ive seen it up to $1000 profit when it should have closed at 150$ or so.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
is not possible is a standard account the minimum lot is 0.1

I think you need to follow this policy to handle a maximum of 30 trades at the start

200:1 leverage account from 1500

100:1 leverage account from 3000
50:1 leverage account from 6000

It can be a good idea?

--- 帖子 #198 ---
AddSix-2a -no closures for the week yet. Settings MMTU .3, PP .25 $39600 demo. 58 trades open , lowest DD $1361 lowest margin 410%. Might get my close today though. DD at -$50 now. Don't know if I can trade this EA live with this kind of DD.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
I see. Looks like your broker does not close losers when margin gets too low, just does not allow new trades to open until margin improves.?? I wonder when the broker actually starts closing your trades?

--- 帖子 #200 ---
No closures yesterday or today for any of these. 01a and 01x have never closed.

01, which has been the only one reaching close-all now has 52 open trades and margin is down to 298%. Not good.. I will add the x factor to this one if and when it closes again.

01a has been in Margin Call for 2 days now. The spread sheet shows how it works. So far it has closed -$400 of biggest losers, but the account now has a positive PL of +$125 so the net loss is -$275.

01x has a total of 30 open trades, but margin level is 466% and lowest margin has been 465%, so it is still relatively safe.

I have changed the name of my 01x to 01ax to remind me that it is exactly the same as 01a, but has the x factor added. And to keep it separate from 01_x. I have modified 01 to have the x factor and I will call that 01_x. It is the same as 01ax except it does not reset phantoms and the same as 01 but has the x factor. I guess that makes it a hybrid of 01 and 01x.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
A lot of closure today for normal 02a but the reverse is in DD.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
yes, is so

good question I think I will soon find out.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Ph6_01 has closed 54 trades 2 days(+) after the previous close. Margin has been as low as 288.37%, which is lower than I like to see. I have added the x factor to that account and reset the Lowest Margin global variable. I think I will get better results now.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
You probably wan't to close when the equity increases by x% during the day... use a trade manager for this?

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Yes

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Phantom 6_01a @ IBFX DEMO mini 50:1 started 8th November with 500USD now it will be 530.60.

6 or seven rounds closed all in profit which started with 3.7USD per round. The robot uses 0.01 minilot (1pip 1 cent)

largest floating loss -12.6USD, floating DD 2.54%

profit percent 0.75, max margin to use 0.5

I intend to trade it on my IBFX Live account with exactly same equity and settings.

Phantom add6_02a @ IBFX DEMO mini 50:1 started 8th November with 10.000USD now its 10.166. 6 rounds closed all in profit. 25USD average profit per round.

Robot uses 0.15 minilot

largest floating loss -195USD, floating DD -1.95%

profit percent 0.25, max.margin to use 0.3

Phantom 01X @ IBFX DEMO mini 50:1 started 10th November with 10.000USD. No trades were closed. Still in floating loss.

largest Floating loss 741USD, Largest DD 20.31%

This version doesnt work and it doesnt surprise me because there is not the original idea behind it.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
I have been running this version on demo since 10.10.25 at 2300gmt.

Broker - Gomarkets 100:1

$5,000 account

MMTU: 0.75 (recently increased from 0.67)

PP      : 0.67

As of writing the profit is $1,412.18 with DD of $110.31

I will post to full statement after 30 days of trading which should give a good indication of how robust this version is in all types of markets.

I have watched the market go against the EA as it buys at the top and sells at the bottom and then slowly recover after 30+ trades and large draw down.

The longer I watch it trade the more confident I become that providing you have patience and are not spooked by the drawdown it will recover.

I quote $$ draw down here because watching your account dwindle and still being able to maintain confidence in the EA is the true test.

I will run this live in the near future.

Thanks MC and Frazerd.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
30 days does not give this indication of all markets. Before switching live I would go through atleast 2 trends and 2 ranges

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Then why is reverse in DD.. best was breakeven?

--- 帖子 #210 ---
It's working well for me... see my spread sheets.

EDIT: Ph6_01a is the one that is not working for me.. it has never even closed once and has been in a huge DD with margin calls for 2 days now.. it's like Pacman, every hour or so the broker takes $15 or $20 when margin goes below 100%.. you can see that in the spread sheet also.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Where did you get Add_6 03b?

--- 帖子 #212 ---
AddSix-2a- finally closed it's first basket since last friday. 71 trades with lowest margin at 350%. (50:1 leverage) MMTU was at .3, PP was at .25. I've adjusted MMTU to .4 and PP to .50 to see if I can get faster closure.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Ph6_01_x closed again this morning.

01a still playing Pacman (not updated) down to $2818 Equity EDIT: from $3000 start

01ax still has not closed - lowest margin 440%, max DD -5.9% (not updated)

--- 帖子 #214 ---
[Carolco;4184506]Where did you get Add_6 03b?

Go to  MetaCoder's post1648 on the Basket 14 EA thread

frank

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Thank You..

--- 帖子 #216 ---
i'mm back!!

so with my 25$ take profit change

my provider is ecn so slippage is pretty rife so yu will never really see $25 at tp however as i see it I want $100/day and after 3 days here are the results - less trades 9exposure) and made 328$ in 3 days using $1000 as capital.

Of course I want to test this more and to earn a "living"would give $2000 capital and trade for $50 profit giving me $1000/week hopefully with as little exposure as needed and short (hopefully quick sharp trades)

TicketOpen TimeTypeSizeItemPriceS / LT / PClose TimePriceCommissionTaxesSwapProfit7548952010.11.18 11:46balanceDeposit1 000.00

7552642010.11.18 13:00sell0.10chfjpyt84.3850.0000.0002010.11.18 13:0284.3780.000.000.000.84

7563592010.11.18 16:00buy0.30usdchft0.995680.000000.000002010.11.18 16:070.996420.000.000.0022.287566542010.11.18 17:00buy0.31gbpusdt1.601110.000000.000002010.11.18 17:021.601910.000.000.0024.80

7570362010.11.18 18:00 buy 0.31 gbpusdt1.602970.000000.000002010.11.18 18:161.603920.000.000.0029.45

7571732010.11.18 19:00 buy 0.32 gbpusdt1.602810.000000.000002010.11.18 19:191.603470.000.000.0021.12

7573672010.11.18 20:00 buy 0.33 gbpusdt1.604670.000000.000002010.11.18 21:211.604890.000.000.007.267

575362010.11.18 21:00 buy 0.33 gbpusdt1.604310.000000.000002010.11.18 21:221.604900.000.000.0019.47

7577672010.11.18 22:00 buy 0.34gbpusdt1.604500.000000.000002010.11.18 23:421.605020.000.000.0017.68

7579072010.11.18 23:00 buy 0.34 gbpusdt1.604920.000000.000002010.11.18 23:421.604970.000.000.001.70

7580552010.11.19 00:00 buy 0.35 gbpusdt1.605210.000000.000002010.11.19 06:161.605090.000.000.00-4.20

7588502010.11.19 06:00 buy 0.35 gbpusdt1.603970.000000.000002010.11.19 06:161.605030.000.000.0037.10

7590852010.11.19 07:00 buy 0.35 eurjpyt114.0450.0000.0002010.11.19 07:51114.1070.000.000.0026.04

7592222010.11.19 08:00 buy 0.36 eurjpyt114.1120.0000.0002010.11.19 09:23114.1590.000.000.0020.31

7593742010.11.19 09:00buy 0.36 gbpusdt1.608720.000000.000002010.11.19 09:231.608790.000.000.002.52

7595482010.11.19 10:00sell 0.37 eurchft1.355390.000000.000002010.11.19 10:311.354650.000.000.0027.64

7598632010.11.19 11:00sell 0.38 gbpchft1.588770.000000.000002010.11.19 11:261.588180.000.000.0022.67

7600952010.11.19 12:00sell 0.38 gbpchft1.588470.000000.000002010.11.19 19:131.589750.000.000.00-48.87

7612662010.11.19 16:00buy 0.38 usdchft0.999270.000000.000002010.11.19 19:130.994980.000.000.00-163.84

7614362010.11.19 17:00sell 0.38 eurchft1.362550.000000.000002010.11.19 19:131.360060.000.000.0095.06

7615772010.11.19 18:00sell 0.38 eurchft1.362760.000000.000002010.11.19 19:131.359960.000.000.00106.91

7616812010.11.19 19:00sell 0.38 eurchft1.361070.000000.000002010.11.19 19:131.360080.000.000.0037.80

7618092010.11.19 20:00sell 0.39 eurchft1.360100.000000.000002010.11.19 20:421.359480.000.000.0024.32

looking at it now its only 2 days trades 18-19 nov $328 profit (approx 30%)

total profit 328.06

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Your post is pretty much unreadable..and the way you are trading it wont take much drawdown to wipe the account. Dont get too excited about 2 days worth of results. You are trading .31 lots on a 1k account correct?

Good luck with that. Come back in month and let us know how it went.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
some ppl make me shake my head

--- 帖子 #219 ---
soz bout the unreadability ff wont let us post htm files

yes I understand 3 days or 1 week isnt much i would go live till after 2-3 months as ive been running the "normal version" for several weeks and I've seen how it can drawdown.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
OK..Im not sure I understand exactly what you are doing. But at $3.80 per pip what happens when your trades go down 100 pips and you just lost 38% of your account? And you said you have seen the draw down so dont really understand why you are adding so much risk. But I will be interested on how you make out. I figure in two week you will have blown the account or doubled it.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
May I know what is the MMTU being used for Ph6_01_x?

Thanks

Ian

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Any indication what is average number of trades being open for these runs?

--- 帖子 #223 ---
I have briefly go through a few of the most recent posts and consolidated the attached Excel file. There some missing details as I cannot gather enough information from the posts or the attached results due to my limited understanding.

I hope it will be helpful for someone who is looking around and wants to have an overview of the possible parameters and results for Phantom.

After reading all the posts, I decided to run Phantom_Jag_V2 on a demo and see how it goes. Reason being I am more agreeable to the reset conditions as dictated by Phantom_Jag_V2

Stay Tune

Ian

--- 帖子 #224 ---
What's wrong with what Perky is showing us?

We need all types of testing for this system.

The more I think what Perky is doing, the more it makes sense to me - or am I finally going mad?

BUT personally I would use a high MMTU and a low PP so that trades are frequently closed within an hour.

My thinking is that the Biggest Phantom Winner would have the most momentum when first traded, not after 1-2 hours.

Don't scare Perky away - we need the test results.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
MMTU 0.5and PP 0.5 on all 3 of my Phantom6 EAs.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
This is almost unbelievable. Ph6_01a was in a margin call situation since last Wednesday, closing the largest loser every time margin went down to 100%. I have left it running during the margin call just to see if there was any remote chance that it would recover as my AddSix_01x did.

I noticed on Friday after the close that the PL was over $600, but margin was still not much above 100%. Tonight when IBFX opened trading the PL continued to climb and about 2 hours later when I looked the EA had closed all trades for a .29% profit. A little disappointing that it didn't get .5% as per the setting , but it took 3(+) minutes to close all the trades.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
That 3 min. to close scares the heck out of me. So I've set the PP at something high like 4% and then on a separate chart I use this EA to close my trades. http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/attach/mq4.gif CloseTrades_After_Account_Profit_Reached.mq4

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Hi,

This would be my last update for the normal and reverse strategy. Sorry but I need to free some space to test another strategy.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
I understand your concern. We might also try to limit the number of trades that have to be closed. This being the second time I have had a EA close for profit after a margin call, I really think we are missing a message here.

What if we had a external variable, a margin level at which the EA closes the biggest loser.  The user could set that at any level desired. It would operate exactly the same as the brokers software, closing the biggest loser any time the trigger is hit, keeping margin above the trigger until the EA comes into profit.  I'm thinking that it could be set at about 300% to just keep margin at a safe level above margin call level until it can get into profit.  If it works, we might even want to go back to the AddSix EAs or even the Basket14 EAs and test it with those.

It might even be set at a very high level, 700 or 800% to keep open trades at a minimum as well as allowing the EA to get into profit more quickly.  There would have to be a lot more testing to see if that would work.

If I were a programmer I would have already coded it. Seems to me it would just require inserting a new external variable called LowestMargin or CloseLoserTrigger or something and then put in another if statement to have the EA close the biggest loser any time that margin level is hit. I'm sure there would be a little more to it than that, but then I'm not a programmer.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
phantom_addsix_02x hasnt closed since last thursday. dd is at 10%, but not adding any new trade as all trades are in loss. DD is contained but PL is not moving as no new trades are being added nor existing trades are moving

sometimes not adding is a curse

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Frazerd, why does it recover after a margin call?

Is it because the biggest looser is cut of and prevent a bigger loss for that pair, or is it because it has new margin to add more real trades and therefore come back from the DD naturally?

Say you close the biggest looser at a X margin level. The biggest looser at that moment is  $ -100 and your original dollar profit target is $10, the EA then aims for 100+10 dollar, because it still wants to reach the old equity profit target. I assume you're aware of that and that doesn't need to be changed?

Only cut biggest looser @ x margin?

--- 帖子 #232 ---
thanks   (II got a gun an I know how to use it!!)

If I had feelings im sure they would be hurt lol

oh btw its up to 50% profit on the $1000 initial capital ill post results in zip file at end of week (demo) 514$  profit to be precise and its only tuesday.... anyway its just an experiment I wanted to share

--- 帖子 #233 ---
My AddSix-2a closed twice in the last two days. MMTU .4, using a separate EA to close all trades when profit( about .5%) reached. Total trades before closures were only 12 and 9. I'm letting EA run 24/7 with no intervention.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
couldnt resist

demo stmt using my formula

remembering as equity increases yu can manually increase the takeprofit by $ amount

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Cutting the biggest loser just buys time for the EA to come back into profit naturally. If you look at the spreadsheet I posted you can see exactly how it happened. The trades are sorted by closing time. You can see where the broker software started closing biggest losers and each time one was closed it brought the margin back above 100%, then some time later the margin was back down to 100% and another biggest loser was cut. That process went on for 3 days and reduced the balance by $800(+) until the remaing trades started to move favorably and reached the original Profit Target.

My suggestion is that we just duplicate what the broker margin call software does, but at an earlier time so that we never get to the margin call situation. I am testing it manually on one of my demos right now, closing biggest losers when margin goes down to somewhere between 309 and 304 - cannot be exact because I am not in front of the computer all the time - tryng to catch it at about 305%.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Well Perky,

Like I said..You are going to double it or blow it and looks like double it is. Now the big question..would you trade it live??

But I do agree with your theory of using a higher mmtu and lower profit percent. The way I look at it, the less pips you need to get to close the better, less chance of drawdown. Now we just have to find that right balance. But I still think yours is a little too crazy.

--- 帖子 #237 ---
i am trading it live on 150$ but different target of course

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Hi Frazer.  Which EA do you think is the best candidate for me to apply this treatment to (closing the biggest loser when margin drops to a defined level)?

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Open demo account standard the Euro 3000 leverage 50:1 03/11/2010 10:00 am

MMTU = 0.5

LOTS = 0.1

PP = 0.75

results to date 24/11/2010 18:00 pm 4164,84 +38.83%

DD = MAX -1685.91

LM = 61.53%

When I saw DD -1685.91 I thought not recover
but after 4 days in closed I think it was just luck

another demo account with an initial € 1500 to empty the account. http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon9.gif

MC reference to post 238

the best candidate and EA 01a - 01x according to my tests.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #240 ---
First I need to tell you that on the Art Phantom EA thread charvo has coded this for the 3 pair versions started by caillou. Also, roundrock has coded a tactic of closing any loser that exceeds a user defined level, which I think may also work well.

Start here near bottom of page http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...266629&page=13

Now let me work on which EAs I would recommend.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
One thing people need to realize is that the results with standard accounts are going to vary a lot versus those of mini accounts.

And if we close biggest losers when margin levels are hit, the picture will be different there as well.

I'm anticipating the posts that express surprise that one account gets trims so much earlier than others.

Margin levels are going to drop about ten times faster with standard accounts versus mini accounts.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
In this Phantom6 series the EA that has worked best for me is the Ph6_01, which has closed several times since I added the x factor. I am calling it 01_x so as not to be confused with your 01x. On my EAs I also changed the name of 01x to 01ax so that I can remember that it is the same as 01a except for the x factor.

Ph6_01a recovered from a margin call as I explained in my email and then closed twice more. However it is now in another DD and margin is back down to 266%. I think it could do pretty well with this proposed modification.

01x (my 01ax) has never closed. However, the margin has never gone below 354% either. This mod set to trigger at a high margin level might get this one going??

My recommendation in this group would be Ph6_01_x just because it has been the best performer without it.

In the AddSix group, my best demo has been AddSix_03x, followed closely by AddSix_01x - since the margin call and adding the x factor 01 has been great. AddSix_03x, of course, is identical to Ph6_01_x. Those 2 would be my recommendations for the AddSix group.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Phantom6_01 as in the first post of this thread, with the x factor added?

Or the same as my Phantom6_01x but without any phantom resetting every 8 hours?

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Same as Ph6_01x without the resetting. I just copied and pasted your x factor coding to the 01 version, so it is a hybrid of 01 and 01x - no reset and x factor.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Metacoder,

I have demo many versions of your EA's since september and would agree with frazerd. PH6_01x has been my best performing EA so far. Consistent equity pops with minimal drawdown. I was the one that asked roundrock to code up the trim biggest loser if it reaches negative 2x $profit target.

I am testing now with PH6_01x. Frazerd idea about trimming at certain equity levels would work well also if you could figure what the best level would be. I have been trimming manually for last 2 weeks but since I need to sleep and work I have missed a few so cant give a accurate assesment how well it works overall. But I think it is worth testing at least.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Trimming losers and leaving winners run could also avoid resetting trades each time the profit target is reached. This could result in a quicker setup for the next leg without waiting to evaluate new winners again...

--- 帖子 #247 ---
I am also testing it manually, but I started when margin was already down to 305% and every time it returns to that level I trim the biggest loser again. I trimmed 5 times over a period of about 23 hours and the margin has improved to the point that I have not trimmed for 2 days. It is at 319% right now. I'm doing it on AddSix_03ax.

I think it will work well at a much higher margin level. When MC posts it I will start testing with maybe 700 or 800%.

EDIT: Basically, all it does is buy time and reduce the number of big losers that have to be overcome when a good market move in the right direction happens. It is not something that will get you into profit quickly. You are still waiting for that move that brings the profit.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Well, I got a little impatient. I have copied and pasted from charvo's and roundrock's mods in the Art Phantom thread and I'm trying them out on 2 of these EAs that closed this morning.

On Ph6_01_x I have added the close biggest loser at x margin level. I am calling that one Phantom6_xlm (x meaning no trades if all previous not winners, lm meaning low margin option). I set it to close losers when margin goes to 900.

On Ph6_01a I have added the close any loser that reaches -$ProfitTgt*CutLoserMultiplier. I'm calling that one Phantom6_01a_cl (cl meaning cut loser) I have that set to close any loser that reaches 1.3*$ProfitTgt.

Here they are if anyone wants to try them.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
MC, here is a interesting quote from the Art Phantom thread, posted by zznbrm:

"charvo, also, I completely rewrote the regular Art Phantom Full EA. It includes enhanced visual user feedback, faster processing speeds, improved persistence, account equity recording, and a few other features. There are already enough EA versions floating around this thread, so I will wait until things calm down a little until posting it."

Thought you might be interested since the Art EAs still contain all your original coding, but only trade 3 pairs.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
I see AlarmingMarginPer   =  500.  You set your own personal copy at 900?

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Yes, I want to get an early test to see how it works and I think we may find that using that strategy early might get some quick pops and keep us out of those long periods of collecting 100s of trades. 900 is probably too high, but I put it on an account that had just closed Friday morning and I want to see if it does work at all.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
I think there is a problem.
if the value "Lowest Margin" is near "AlarmingMargin" should not add orders.
Because each order takes about 20% added value "Lowest Margin" and this causes the closed order just added
This I noticed on a standard account leverage 50:1
Need to check with other accounts.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
I looked at the code, it looks like it will work.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Looking forward to seeing some statements from the Phantom6_xlm EA.

--- 帖子 #255 ---
I just started it Sunday night and ir has had 2 normal closures on equity pop and has not come close to 900% margin yet.

Ziogioit is correct in his above post. In my demo where I was trying to do this manually, I saw exactly what he is referring to. After closing all the big losers, if the EA continues to open new trades, you actually start to see the margin decreasing too fast and it takes too many smaller losers to bring it back up because each new trade takes away some of the margin.

It may work better when set at the higher margin level. We will see if my demo ever gets down to 900%.

The other mod that closes any loser that becomes less than (more than?) -CutLoserMultiplier*Dollar Profit Target may work better, because it only cuts the biggest losers and does not continue to cut after all the biggest losers are gone. I started Phantom6_o1a_cl at the same time Sunday evening and it has closed 4 times on normal equity pops and has not had a $20(+) loser, so I cannot report on that one yet either.

However, I also put the cut loser mod on my 01ax (your 01x) which had not had a pop yet and had a whole bunch of trades, some bigger than -$40, with margin down to 308%. It immediately cut 7 losers that were -$30 or bigger and margin went up to 342%. It has since cut 5 more and margin is now at 316%. I think that demo will come out with a profit soon. Equity is at 2905 and Equity Profit Target is 3015 so it will take another $110 to get a pop.

I'll keep you posted and upload some spreadsheets when there is enough to make it worth while.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
I forgot this one. My TheCollective demo was in big trouble with 87 open trades, some of which were very big and margin down to 183%. I added both mods to Phantom_AddSix_03bx and used the the CutLoserMultiplier set at 2. Take a look at the results explained in the right margin.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Pretty cool, good tactics rule.  No one's paying attention, they'll not attend the convention.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
I am, but being a total newbie I probably don't count!

Actually I'm quite intrigued by what you guys have developed and have read the 3 recent related threads all the way through. Sure don't claim to understand it all though!

Thanks so very much for your developing this in public and for all the sharing.

Rod

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Yep, I think you're right. They are all over at the Art thread. A lot of excitement over there. I'm keeping up with it and picking up some of their mods. Last night I copied and pasted the-game's TH_PS_CL (that is Trade Hours - PipStep - CutLosers into Phantom6_01_x. It already had the Cut Loser option, but I wanted to see what effect PipStep and Trade Hours might have on how these EAs function. Have you been keeping up with what they are doing?

They had about 3 pages of pissing contests. Too many prima donnas trying to tell each other what to do. But they are coming up with some good ideas. I have not contributed because I'm not running any of their 3 pair versions. They are now trying to develope a 1 pair version. That one really confuses me, but it uses real hedging I believe and would be of no use to those of us trading in the US.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
I like the PipStep mod as it prevents the EA from over trading when a pair is in a tight range.

Trading Hours, I think is not needed if you have the PipStep mod in place with the correct value, 10 might be too low but lets the EA trade on a long leash, whereas 20 might be restricting the EA a little bit too much.

Cut Losers may have some promise as Low Profile had suggested from his test results.

Frazerd, stay tuned for LP's test results on the CL mod.

Yes, the arguing over in that thread, can get a bit annoying sometimes and can spoil the energy in the thread, but I just have to ignore it and keep choosing the best mods that are most beneficial to the EA.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Currently I'm trying a trend filter to prevent a pair from trading against it's own trend.

I think it is common sense to do this as the pair will always make big moves in the right direction where there is the least resistance.

I still have to refine it as my first iteration was very slow at detecting the change of trend.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Yes, I saw your latest post on the trend filter. Thanks for all your work on the mods. As you can see I'm using them on the 6 pair versions.

I have read some of your posts about the CL and I am not in agreement. I'm with LP on that one. Don't know if you read my post on the previous page where I put it on a dying Collective demo and it saved the day. If I had not done that, it would have taken a looong time for the EA to recover enough to overcome those big losers and it might never have happened, unless it went into margin call,EDIT: which closes the biggest losers, and that may well have allowed it to survive, as we have seen happen several times now. But that woud have taken even more time.

Here is my thinking on that subject: cutting the biggest losers does not disrupt the normal functioning of the EA. It just speeds it up. Think about it.. if the biggest loser pair turns around and becomes the biggest winner, how long will it take for that biggest loser to become a winner? And until it does become a winner the EA cannot open new trades on that pair. On the other hand if you have closed the biggest losers, the less big losers of that pair that have not been cut will come into profit at some point and the EA will open new trades of that pair much sooner and bring the basket into profit sooner.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
On my latest Phantom6_01x:

Running with cut loser set at x2 $profit target. Since last closure the EA has cut 11 strait losing trades. It is $90 away from equity close target.

It will be interesting to see how it recovers, or if it does recover. Still like the idea but not sure exactly where the losers should be cut. I am testing a few different variations but only running for few days so will need more time to see what happens.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
I'll leave them to cut their own paths through the dark forests and jungles, or have their forty years in the desert, or whatever.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
I'm with LP and you now, even before I read this post, because my EURUSD sell is now about -243 pips (maybe even more before I looked at it this morning!).

I think I will now use the CL mod, but the multiplier I still have to figure out.

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Low Profile on the Art Phantom thread has said that the x2 multiplier is too small, he said he is finding more success with the x3 multiplier.

I'm going to try x4 to start with and see how I go.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
I've done my four(ty) years regarding EA's. The time draws near for a solution. I've witnessed my "EA goals" being achieved and now only need to witness consistency.

There is a 3 pair version (not yet posted) that shows great promise. We shall see.

Best Regards,

TR

--- 帖子 #268 ---
I think the CLM setting may need to be adjusted for the type account, leverage and PP. I need to examine this theory more closely, but that is my initial thinking based on the different types of accounts and different leverages I am using on demos. I have several IBFX mini 50:1 demos plus a Tadawal standard 500:1 and a Collective standard 100:1. The IBFX accounts are TRUE mini accounts where 1 pip = 1 cent, whereas the accounts that some brokers refer to as mini accounts, only because they allow .01 lot size, 1 pip = 10 cents.

So on a $3000 IBFX account with PP 1 ($30) and MMTU .4 I am

trading .05 lot per trade and at 50:1 leverage rarely see a loser as big as -$30.

On TheCollective with same PP ($30) and MMTU .6 I am trading .02 lot per trade and with 100:1 leverage during a big DD biggest losers are -70 and up to -125.

Tadawal is totally different since they have a .05 min lot size and .05 step. That account started with $4000 and is now up to almost $5000. At .4 MMTU I am now trading .1 lot per trade, Profit Target is $50. At 500:1 leverage I often see losers of -70 and as big as -160.

Long story, short, I think for a 50:1 MINI account the CLM needs to be as low as 1 or maybe even .75 to be effective at all. And on the standard accounts with higher leverage 2 seems to be appropriate. I have used 2 on both of those and had good results. As I said, I need to look closer at those accounts to see what might be the best settings. But my initial thought is that 3 would be too large to be effective on the higher leveraged accounts and 4 would probably never cause a cut.

EDIT: That is if your PP is 1. If it is .5 you can double those figures and if 2 half them. Just saw my mistake from the first edit.

--- 帖子 #269 ---
My thoughts exactly, hence why I am using CLM of 3, so that the EA will only cut in the most dire of situations.

I guess it really depends on your own personal risk threshold.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Just saw my dumb mistake in my edit on above post and corrected it. It was a little late when I posted that last Night.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
This EA is humming right along and staying out of trouble. Three weeks now trading $39,500 demo.with 50:1 leverage. 10 closures for a total of $2,000 with these settings MMTU .3-.4, with a second EA ( on another chart) that closes all trades(very quickly) at $200 profit. The most trades was 70+ with the first basket with most baskets closing since in less than 20-25 trades. Some baskets had less than 10 trades. Biggest DD- (-1.78%), lowest margin-(686%)

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Absolutely right, and it runs really smooth. I am surprised with comparatively fewer no of pairs opened at any given time compared to 3 pair phantoms,  and I am itching to go Live. Probably the hedging factor works perfectly here.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Running with cut loser set at x2 $profit target. Since last closure the EA has cut 11 strait losing trades. It is $90 away from equity close target.

Just an update. PH6_01x cut loser x2.

EA trimmed total of 19 strait trades then recovered and closed twice on friday. total profit for week was 1.89%.

The settings are mmtu- 0.8. prfit %- 0.30.

OK here is what I noticed going over all the trades for the week. Most of the trims were EURUSD shorts. When EU and GU took off after nfp the long GU trades are what mostly brought the EA to profit. Had I not trimmed the EU shorts they would have dragged down the EA and probably would have kept it from closing. Now to be fair there were some trades that were closed as losers and then came back into profit. But overall I would say the trims did their job and allowed the EA to profit from a strong move on friday.

Not convinced x2 is the best setting but I will continue to test and Im also testing x3 and also x1. Surprisingly trimming at x1 has also worked well so far. I will test for few week and see how it goes.

I figure the end of month around the holidays should be a good test for these EA's as the market gets thin and choppy.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
been forward-testing 01x with relatively promising results.  i just added the cut loss and pipstep code as I think that is some needed structure in a system such as this.  i will continue to test 2 versions of it to observe wiggle room, r:r, etc.

was wondering...i took a look at the code but couldnt figure out how to alter the 60min interval (not a coder).  if anyone could give me a pointer i'd appreciate it.  thanks

--- 帖子 #275 ---
May I ask what leverage you are trading and account balance?

My 01x, mini acct, 50:1 leverage and $3000 starting balance has never closed and I have now added the CL function and it has closed 14 losers at CLM 1.5 and waitng for a good move to get into profit. MMTU is .5 and PP .5

I am also using CL on Ph6_01a, same leverage and settings, but the CL function has not yet been activated. The EA has closed 5 times on equity pops without any trades reachig -1.5*$PT.

On Ph6_01 I am now using the x factor plus latest mods from the-game and it is called Ph6_01_x_CL_PS_TH. Same basic settings as above with TH 7, 19 and PS 10. That was just added Thursday and it has closed one time. I suspect that using PipStep may preclude the large losers, or at least several of the same pair.

--- 帖子 #276 ---
loaded ea but canfind cutlosss parasmeter is it in the code?

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Open demo account standard the Euro 3000 leverage 50:1 03/11/2010 10:00 am

MMTU = 0.5

LOTS = 0.1

PP = 0.75

results to date 03/12/2010 20:00 pm 4653.80 +55.13%

DD = MAX -1685.91

LM = 61.53%

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Did you have a margin call with that 61% margin. If so, how many trades were closed by broker before your basket TP'd.? thanks

--- 帖子 #279 ---
There doesn't seem to be much said about the AddSix02a EA. Is anyone else running it besides me and IamTHAT. Has anyone had a margin call  or very low margin with it? I know MC thought it was the most consistent of the bunch when he started this thread. So far I"m loving it. See my results in post 271.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Censura,

Cut loss is a mod you need to add to the EA. Im on my laptop so I dont have access to my home comp ATM.. You can find it in some of the EAs already posted, if you know how to cut/paste you can add it to the EA you are using. If not I can post the lines you will need to add, but not untill later tonight.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Frazerd,

Im running that acct 100:1, All my other test are at 50:1..That demo platform only 100:1 is lowest available. I have not used pip_step or trading hours yet. I will be interested in how you think they help or hurt the performance.

I would post my accounts but I dont know how to get my detailed statements into .xls format. Is there an easy way to do that?

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Just copy and paste - it goes right into the spareadsheet with no problem. Then you can use formulas to show whatever data you want.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
The graph doesn't look like there has been a margin call. Maybe that is a misprint. Ph6_o1a has been doing really well for me as well. It has been my best performer of this group as you can see on my spreadsheets.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
thank you

--- 帖子 #285 ---
If we were to take this one and cut losers when a margin level is reached, would we cut one biggest loser once per hour?

Would we only cut losers that are, say, a large in magnitude as the dollar profit target (only they'd be negative since they're losers)?

I didn't check your spreadsheet to see if your Phantom6_01a is on an IBFX 50:1 account...

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Another example of standard-sized lots on a very small account I think.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
If the margin falls below 100% will not allow me to add orders.

For me the best EA "Phantom06_01x" and "Phantom06_01a"

Both EA and the basis for improving over DD

I do not like to cut the more big DD because in the long empty the account.

Need to find some different idea.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Yes, it is IBFX mini 50:1

I am already using the Cut Loser (CL) mod with CutLoserMultiplier (CLM) set at 1.5 (-1.5*Dollar Profit Target). However, it has been doing so well since I added that, that it has not cut any losers.

I do not like the cut one biggest loser every hour or even every time margin dips below a given level. You soon run out of big losers and you are just cutting little ones and adding new trades that eat up more margin.

If we use the margin activated loser cutting, I think it would work better combined with the one I described above. At a given margin level start cutting any loser that is bigger than -x*Dollar Profit Target.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Oh yeah, we had that discussion before about a margin call that just disallows placing new trades until margin improves. That is a pretty neat margin call. I wish IBFX would do it that way. With a broker that uses that kind of margin call you may not need any loser cutting. These EAs seem to be able to always get back into profit given enough time.

Or maybe we should mimic your broker's margin call tactics, but at a higher margin, similar to what I had suggested with the margin call that cuts losers. At a given margin level, above the margin call level, the EA would disallow new trades until the margin came back up above that level.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
I'm with IBFX. I'm not sure at what margin(150%?) you can't place any new trades but at 100% they will trim your biggest loser or losers until margin is above 100% again.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Another closure on my demo for AddSix 02a. 19 trades. Also trading live and got my first closure with 11 trades. Trading very small lots(.02) live for now.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Hi do you have the ea with cutloss mod addedif so can you attach it thank you

--- 帖子 #293 ---
I'm also using IBFX. They do not stop trades, they just close losers at 100% margin. I was just saying that it would be nice if IBFX used the margin call system that Ziogioit's broker does.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Here ya go.

--- 帖子 #295 ---
I'm sure this has been pointed out before but changing the time frame of the chart that you have a phantom EA on will reset the phantoms. Change any of the variables  of the EA and the phantoms reset. Example, I changed my MMTU value with the EA on the chart and the phantoms reset. I assume internet disconnection will reset phantoms. I have temporary disconnects most days. Is there any way around this without screwing up the EA? If not, I can deal with it.  thanks

--- 帖子 #296 ---
There is a code to reset phantoms in the init() section, may be deleting that will do it but I am not sure how it will affect normal operation.

In one of the altered Eas in the other thread, I have observed that it has been removed. anyway, thanks for letting me know about it,I was chopping and changing all the time!

Good luck on your live Phantom, keep us updated.

I am jumping in shortly

--- 帖子 #297 ---
you can delete from init and move to start as first line. but you need to do it only once, so have a variable to control this

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Another closure for the AddSix_02a EA. Only 10 trades in that basket. That's six closures in 5 days.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
my AddSix_02x is in some DD. not coming out since last 36 hours.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
I guess the x factor will slow down basket turnover but will also keep you from over trading. I've had good results without the x factor so far trading straight 02a.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Please search for my posts in this thread.  I have given the solution to this issue a few weeks ago.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
the-game,

I see your remedy in post #169 but wouldn't trust myself to get all the changes in the right place. I know this is asking a lot but could you post the http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/attach/mq4.gif Phantom_AddSix_02a.mq4  EA with the changes made. Would appreciate it. thanks

--- 帖子 #303 ---
I have had an unfortunate experience that will screw up the validity and continuity of my demos. My VPS went haywire about 1530 hrs (US CST) yesterday. I could not connect and when I informed support, they rebooted my VPS, which of course shut down all my platforms. Then I still could not connect after the reboot and the problem was not resolved until 1300 hrs today. So there was a 21 hour gap during which my demos were not running. They still have not told me what the problem was.

There was one bright spot though. My Tadawul, standard, 500:1 leveraged account, AddSix_03bx began closing trades immediately on restart and came out with $274, which was more than 4%. It had cut 5 $100 losers (CLM 2) before the platform was shut down. It would have closed much sooner and maybe 2 or 3 times had the platform not been closed.

The CutLoser mod is proving very beneficial to that account. Every equity pop since I added the CutLoser mod has been assisted by several big losers being cut. The settings are MMTU 0.4, PP 1.0 and CLM 2. It is currently trading 0.1 lot per trade. After the big close today I added the PipStep mod and have it set at 20. We'll see if that reduces the number of big losers and gets us to profit quicker.

Now, if I could just figure out what settings would make a IBFX mini, 50:1 account perform similarly, I would be ready to trade live. One of you matamaticians should be able to figure that out.

Sorry about this being in the wrong thread, but I thought the observations on CutLoser would be beneficial here.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Frazer,

I'm  with IBFX (standard account) and 50:1 leverage. My settings for the

AddSix_02a EA of .4 MMTU and TP at $200(about .5%) seem to rollover the baskets fairly frequently. My first basket went to 70+ trades but had lots of room to spare. Since then baskets have averaged around 15 trades.

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Frazer,

Sorry to hear what happened, I guess this is why other posters say to always use a stop loss.

BTW, I'm with you on the CLM 2 mod, it works great.

You were right about the CLM 3 - it was way too high.

TG

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Always something new to learn I say, don't be scared

--- 帖子 #307 ---
It was not really a big problem, although it could have been. All of my demos are still alive and well, but there is no way to know if some of them might have come into profit overnight and closed on equity pop. For that reason I say it screws up the validity, but they are all still running at about the same place they were yesterday.

Yes, CLM 2 is excellent for the 500:1 account, but way too high for 50:1 mini accounts. On those 1 seems to be about as high as you can go and still realize any benefit.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
I also have had good results with AddSix_02ax with MMTU .4 and PP .5 on IBFX mini 50:1.

I have added the CL mod and started with CLM set to 1. It has closed twice since I added that with just 21 and 15 trades in the basket, but the CL did not come into play. I am changing CLM to .5 today to see how that will affect the results. If we can get those 3 settings right so that it functions like my AddSix_03bx_CL on the 500:1 Tadawul account it would be great. The 500:1 account closed again today after cutting one big loser, which allowed the remaining 7 trades to reach equity pop 14 minutes after the loser was cut. That one is set at MMTU .4, PP 1.0 and CLM 2, which is working perfectly as I had hoped the CL strategy would. Now I'm trying to find the right balance on the 50:1 accounts.

I think from my recent observations that any of the AddSix or Phantom6 EAs could be profitable and without large drawdowns using the CL strategy with the right settings. That's what I'm shooting for now.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Hi Frazerd

Can you please attach your Phantom6_01x EA here?

thank you

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Here it is and I added the version with the CL, TH, and PS in case anyone is interested in those options.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
I uploaded the wrong EAs and edited to replace with the correct ones.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Sounds like excellent progress.  Thanks for keeping things going while I'm very busy with work!

--- 帖子 #313 ---
could you post AddSix_03bx ea please thank you

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Nothing new to report here except that back on 28 Nov when I was trying to load a modified version of each of the AddSix EAs, it caused them all to close all the open trades. So I just reset all Global Variables and started testing from that point on. It's anotated as New Start on the spread sheets.

I'm posting them all in this thread just because it's too much trouble to go back and post some of them to the Basket14 thread, which nobody is posting on now anyway.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Sorry I didn't see this post earlier.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Thank you[

quote=frazerd;4236300]Sorry I didn't see this post earlier.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Hi frezard,

I and my friend have been running pahantom_addsix_2a for a month now on demo A/C and doing well. Maximum we have seen 8 % DD. Closing atleast one basket per day. My friend planning to go live from january onwards with this EA.

Why now different EA s with many optiOns? Any better EA's than the one which i mentioned have been developed? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
The EAs with the options have been developed because everyone has not had the same luck as you and have experienced large DD and prolonged periods of no closure and many open trades. The new options are just that, options. You don't have to use them, but they are there if you need them.

If you feel confident in that EA after 1 month of testing and are comfortable trading it live, have at it and I hope it continues to work for you and you make a bunch of money.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Here are all the AddSix EAs with the Close Loser (CL), Trading Hours (TH) and Pip Step (PS)

If CloseLoserTrades is true the EA will close any loser trade that exceeds -CloseLoserMultiplier (CLM)*Dollar Profit Target.

If UseTradingHours is true it will start a new basket of trades only during the hours you specify. But baskets that were already open will continue to function as normal.

If UsePipStep is true it will only open new trades of the same pair if it is PipStep pips above the last trade of that pair.

If you don't want to use an option just make it false.

Except for those modifications, these EAs are exactly the same as MCs originals with the "x" factor, which I added to all of mine some time ago.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Frazer,

Thanks for posting these. Appreciate that.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Hi guys,

just a short update of my Phantom6_01a, in case you are interested

Had my next closure today, which was hanging around since Wednesday last week, but my 5000 eur account has made it up to 5153 in exactly 1 week, this is little more than 3%. Nice so far, next basket already half way done but floating at the moment. DD has been 4.39% ... quite ok. Forgot to say I am using 0.02 lots on Alpari UK 1:500, and 0.5 PT. MM is 0.07 for 0.02 lots @5k.

Will fire up a myfxbook acc soon I guess.

Cheers again for all the good work, keep on going !

xxl205

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Thanks.

If we choose trading hours option, it will not start new basket, ok. But will the EA add new trades on to existing basket during these hours?

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Yes, that is my understanding. The way it works is, if there are no open trades at the close hour,it changes StopAfterNoTrades to true and then at the start hour it will change it back to false. Thus, if a basket is open at the stop hour the EA just continues as normal.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
AddSix_02a still staying out of trouble and closing every day or two. Won't let it trade now until  the start of new year. Can't wait to turn it back on.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Yep mine also.

Frazerd,

have you still been running a default addsix 02a along with your other modded versions?  Curious how it stacks up thusfar if so.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
My demo closed 3 times yesterday with 0.4 MMTU. I will stick 0.2 or 0.3 when i go live shortly.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
No. All of my AddSix EAs got screwed up when I was trying to load some of the mod versions on top of the originals without stopping and removing the old version. They closed all tradeswhen I loaded the mod versions.

So I reset the Global variables and started them as if new demos and they all now have some form of the mod versions.

My AddSix_02a with x factor and Close Loser mod is doing very well also. I just did the restart on 28 Nov and it has closed 4 times and has not been below 850% margin. Settings are now MMTU .5, PP .5, CLM .5. The CLM has only come into play 1 time on the last basket.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
when the basket turns into profit, it does not matter whether the profit pct is 0.4 or 0.5 or 1.0. It closes in profit whatever you set.

I am running with profit pct 1.0 and MMTU 0.5.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Here is the one that is really doing super.

I now have this one running with AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS. Settings are:

MMTU .4

PP 1.0

CLM 2

TH false

PS 20

It is up 35% since I started it on 23 Oct (less than2 months) and lowest margin has been 791.4%. Up 14% since I added the CL and PS on 30 Nov. The CLM has come into play on every basket close except one.

I am seriously considering opening a live account with TadawulFX I believe they are still accepting US clients.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Have never tried CL option. Will try now.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
hello.

I try to understand how this EA but I do not understand (I use google translate) we take the same position we? EA should put that on the 6 pairs? etc. .. brief can you help me understand this EA with simple words I'm not a girl but very inteligente promised I'll try to understand :-)

thank you

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Doesn't matter if you are not a girl

Single EA on any pair. Only one EA can be run on one mt4 platform. (wish I could run more - running 12 mt4s on my pc now)

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Hello.

you put this EA on each pair? and how do you stand? manually or is EA? sorry but I struggle to understand :-(

--- 帖子 #334 ---
I am struggling too.

EA on one pair - not each pair

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Hey guys,

Been doing backtesting my version and found that  using hours is crucial... cutting major losses(and/or setting BE on profitable trades) may or may not be helpful and using PipStep definitely hurts the EA long term. That being said the right hours to choose will make or break your account.

Cheers,

Jag

--- 帖子 #336 ---
but how one takes a stand? manually or is EA? and if so how to do manually?

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Thanks for all the testing you've done. Could you post the EA or script you made to do your testing? What version are you testing? What hours seem to be optimum? thanks

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Phantom_addsix_03bx_CL_TH_PS :

MY setting:

MMTU: 0.4, PROFITPCT : 1.0

Pip step : 15

Trading hrs : false

Cutlooser anabled and cut looser multiplier : 2.0

The first basket closed but not 1 %, instead it closed at 2 %. I am running addsix_2a also and this time it closed with profit 2.6 % my setting 1.0. Surprising.

Frezard?

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Hi,

I copy and paste my last post on "Art Phantom EA" thread:

"After a lot of versions tested, once again I changed my opinion (http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/s.../yim/happy.gif). Until today, the most  interesting version of all Phantom EAs (just my opinion) is  Phantom_AddSix_03bx_CLTHPS with these settings:

- 500:1

- MMTU: 0.4

- PP: 1.0

- TH: False

- PS: False (I´m not sure about the advantage of this setting on this  version)

- CL: 2.0

The same settings as Frazerd unless PipStep.

I´m still interested in Single_Pair_Phantom version but for now only for  testing modifications (like TH, PS, CL) because the more optimized gain  and DD are, based on my results, for AddSix_03bx_CLTHPS version.

I´m not going to post results since it´s too early, but I recommend you  to test it, the results will leave you speechless....."

--- 帖子 #340 ---
sometimes you will get more, sometimes less.  just depends on how market is moving when it's trying to close trades.

frazerd:

here's the link to my 02a, see how it compares to your other mods
http://www.myfxbook.com/widget?id=70...pe=1&color=red

--- 帖子 #341 ---
[quote=Caillou;4242718]Hi,

"After a lot of versions tested, once again I changed my opinion (http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/s.../yim/happy.gif). Until today, the most  interesting version of all Phantom EAs (just my opinion) is  Phantom_AddSix_03bx_CLTHPS /quote]

Today CHF pairs were the major contributors to Phantom Six performance. That is the main advantage of having six pairs in the set up. This EA is well balanced in this respect I feel.

--- 帖子 #342 ---
[quote=IamTHAT;4242832]

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Exactly 24 hours ago, I started with Phantom_AddSix_03bx_CLTHPS, 500:1, MMTU: 0.4, PP: 1.0, CLM: 2.0, the rest False. 4% up, max DD: -1.51%.

Anyone who's testing the same version has had the same beautifull day?

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Hi Toothman,

I found that the first few hours of LO/FO were best for "seeing" the trend of the day. After that you have to hope that you can get enough trend to get you your x%... if not then you will be in DD until it moves enough... so the idea is to get in when the big money is getting in and seeing the direction at the start of the day.

Some pairs move alot during asian only and those could be traded at the start of tokyo. Didn't explore that because of spread... but I would guess there would be LESS headfakes because of less retailers playing those instruments.

I'm still in testing phase and code is very messy... there are problems around feb 2010 and flash crash 2010... maybe a volatility filter can help... or to reduce margin per trade commensurate with volatility levels.

Jag

--- 帖子 #345 ---
The market can move that much during closure, for or against your account.  It's exaggerated when trading with lot sizes that are relatively large for the account size.  We see a lot of people using standard lot sizes with small accounts like $3,000.  Things both good and bad are magnified in those cases.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Yep, 4 closures on 14 Dec and 1 so far on 15 Dec - baskets of 3, 2, 2, 2, 2.

5% gain. But don't get too excited.. every day will not be like that.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
2bx_TH_CL_PH also has similar results yesterday.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Hello.

can you explain how you take the leading position I read through google translate and I found that this method seemed very interesting but some had great difficulty understanding it, so imagine a person who does not speak English difficulty so I sought from the creator or any other person assistance to understand this method I did a lot of effort, but frankly with google is not clear so you can tell me how to use this method of course if you wish otherwise, well too bad I could understand you have no time for that but one can support would be very nice of you.

thank you for your help

FRENCH

Bonjour.

pouvez vous expliquer comment on prend position j'ai lu la file grâce a google translate et j'ai constate que cette méthode avait l'air très intéressante mais que certains avaient beaucoup de mal a la comprendre alors imaginer pour une personne qui ne parle pas anglais la difficulté donc je sollicite auprès du créateur ou tout autre personne  une aide pour comprendre cette méthode j'ai fait beaucoup d'effort mais franchement avec google c'est pas évident donc pouvez vous me dire comment utiliser cette méthode  bien sur si vous le souhaiter sinon et bien tant pis je comprendrais que vous avez pas de temps pour cela mais un peut d'entraide serais très sympathique de votre part .

merci de votre aide

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Thanks for ur reply. My a/c size is 5000 and standard lot size 0.1. Is this right or should be reduced? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Hi Frazerd

Can you please tell me how to calculate the size lot will be open with phantoms EAs depends on standard account ,mini,or micro?

Is there a formula for that?

best regards

Fred

--- 帖子 #351 ---
I think there is a formula, but I don't know what it is. I have seen some posts on the Art Phantom thread referring to a formula. Maybe Caillou can help you.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Yes, but I only remember for standard accounts. I think it is:

Lot size: Balance * (MMTU/100) * (Leverage/100.000)

100.000 is for Standard accounts, for mini or micro I don´t know, sorry.

Maybe looking at the code, we could find it. I will check it.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
MC can you shed a little light on this?

Based on this formula, Tadawul apparently rounds down for their .05 increments. I started my account with $4000, which plugged into that formula would be .08 lot size. My initial lots were .05. Now that the balance is over 5000 the lot size is .1. It should not change again until my account balance is 7500 = .15 lot.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
The whole standard vs micro problem is still confusing, but aside from opening that can of worms again...

the last time I did the calculations to figure out what damn lotsize it was going to open, it was (leverage/10000) not 100,000.

I made a script that would just print (MarketInfo(Symbol(),MODE_LOTSIZE));

so I knew what the ea was using, and it was 10,000

--- 帖子 #355 ---
For Standard Accounts it's 100.000, not 10.000. My initial lot size is always 0.2, not 2 !!!

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Like I said, it depends on what your broker returns for the line I mentioned above.

Referring to whether your broker is a 'standard, mini or micro' account in the same fashion as MC does, is confusing, as it's not the typical definition.

Drop that line into a script and see what it returns, if its 100,000 use that, if its 10,000 use that

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Hello

I have several questions if I bother you said to me I understand no problem: D

what EA should be taken?

should open as many as there are pairs graph?

I put the EA on the chart or on any one?

orders are manually?

TP and SL manual? how determined?

where is information about which operation to do?

TF is important because I am often 5MN TF?

my broker is to zero GMT this matter?

I would have other issues if it does not bother you too: D

cordialy

FRENCH

Bonjour

j'ai plusieurs questions si je vous embête dite le moi je comprendrais pas de problème

quel EA il faut prendre ?

il faut ouvrir autant de graphique qu'il y a de paires ?

je met l'EA sur tout les graphique ou sur un seul ?

les ordres se font manuellement ?

TP et SL en manuel ? comment on le détermine?

ou se trouve l'information pour savoir quel opération faire ?

le TF est important car je suis souvent en TF 5MN ?

mon broker est a zero GMT cela a une importance ?

j'aurais d'autres questions si cela ne vous embête pas trop

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Sir,

My compliments to you in having conceived the Phantom specie of basket trades.

I have downladed and tested a few of the EA versions submitted in the various threads on the subject.

All of the EAs contain variables inputs for Sunday = 0, Monday =1, Tuesady=2 etc each with an ascending number.

Could you please tell me what these variable inputs relate to?

Further, could a coder use these inputs (or create others) to control the number of baskets that the EA closes on each particular day after which number the EA will not trade on that particular day. There are some traders, like this writer, who is happy with 2 basket closures per week day.

Thank you for the generous donation of your time.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
[quote=frazerd;4237873]Here are all the AddSix EAs with the Close Loser (CL), Trading Hours (TH) and Pip Step (PS)

----

Hi Guys,

I pipped in once in a while in this thread to check in what is new going on. I did demo several EAs a month back and working well except the DD and then get bored. It look like the CL is a new feature to the system which I think if I am not mistaken to address problem related to DD. My question is how do you define a CL in terms of lossing pips? Does the EA will automatically closed a loser when it reach a certain ?? pips (+sread)? Closing a position early on when it shows going south against your position is a good money management technique but the disadvantage on the other hand it is not given enought time to mature.

Thanks for these EA, will resume demoing them.

Edd

--- 帖子 #360 ---
It has nothing to do with pips. When you "pipped in once in a while" why don't you try reading the previous posts before asking questions. In this case post #319.

--- 帖子 #361 ---
--

If CloseLoserTrades is true the EA will close any loser trade that exceeds -CloseLoserMultiplier (CLM)*Dollar Profit Target.

--

Sorry, I just need confirmation if my assumption is correct as I thought it addressed the problem of DD and the way you replied by post do not display your generosity of sharing your efforts you put in cut&paste improvement of the EAs. I am not sure though if your intention is really to help people or just to reap praises from others as a result of your efforts. If that is your entention, you got mine, but not my ??spect.  God Bless you.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Nicastro, i saw yr question on APF thread too. before a coder can help you , you need convince the code why this mod will work ? does it improvae the profitabality ? or its just a convinience ? why do you want to limit the number of closures per day ? on this wednesday we have 5 pops. and we dont have one since then. so thats not a valid mod in my view

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Inserted Code void SetLotSize()
{
Investment = MaxMarginToUse / 100.0;
// The symbol the EA is attached to should be good enough for the purposes of LOTSIZE
UseLots = valLastFlatEq * Investment * (Leverage / MarketInfo(Symbol(), MODE_LOTSIZE));
UseLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(UseLots,2));
if (UseSmallestLot || UseLots < MinLots) UseLots = MinLots;
if (UseLots > MaxLots) UseLots = MaxLots;
return(0);
}

there is a external variable for account standard lot.

extern int    MiniSize         =   10000;

extern int    StdSize          =  100000;

but these are not used in the formula. i am not sure MODE_LOTSIZE changes for each currency..

--- 帖子 #364 ---
here you go ...

you can set your own pair symbols.... first 3 are winners in each group..

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Being a very successful gambler with my own automated Betfair algorithms and a reasonably successful part-time FX news trader (which I'm about to take more seriously), I'm interested in the mathematics of this system.

I can't quite understand the logic behind 'buy the pair in greatest phantom profit on the hour'. I appreciate the fact that we're dealing with synthetic hedges but because I don't know the FX market as well as many on here, perhaps someone could outline the maths involved, or at least point me in the right direction.

I've read this thread and most of the other phantom-based threads but the logic behind the concept escapes me. I'm not necessarily the sharpest knife in the drawer but I generally can understand stuff once its explained.

My own view of the FX market has been that any analysis of historic data is generally meaningless when applied to predicting future movement and whilst I understand this current system is not attempting to predict future movement per se, it is using historic data to determine an action. And I'm wondering what the logic is that is driving that.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Thank you roundrock for taking the time to reply.

Such a mod would improve profitability by cutting down on the number of baskets that linger and go into extensive DD.

I have been observing that baskets that linger get opened post 14.00 GMT.  Baskets opened within 8-13 GMT have a tendancy to reach TP relatively quickly as the baskets are in the market at its most liquid period.

I have also noted that some days are more active than others. The problem is that for those who cannot access their VPS at all times, it is inefficient to use the Stop after No.of Trades function.

Though by setting the number of baskets one is prepared to trade on a particular day, possibly even at the start of the week, one can take a (hopefully) successful conservative view and still trade a satisfactory number of baskets.

One may set the Sunday Variable to 0, The Monday variable to 2 baskets, The Tuesday variable to 3,  The Wednesday variable to 10 (by which time the trading hours mod sets in) Thursday 3, Friday, 1.

The mod will try to avoid dreaded lingering basket which ofte spills over into the next day with a consequent effect on overall profitability

I hope you agree and can take the time to code the mod

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Four closures this week on demo. Last closure was only a five trade basket.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
I must have missed something, roundrock. Can you explain a little better whatthis does?

--- 帖子 #369 ---
There is almost no math to understand.

If you're so successful with your Betfair systems, why make inquiries here? Maybe you're the one who should be educating us.

Does it occur to you that all news also represents PAST events, just as is the case with technical data? No matter what you base your trading on, your trades are based on what has occurred. Maybe you have found a way to predict the future. Please do enlighten us.

A great many forward testing statements have been posted to validate the thinking behind opening trades on phantom winners. If the whole idea eludes you after the exhaustive explanations already offered up on silver platters, there's nothing left to do but wish you a good day and a fine weekend.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Can someone explain the lowesdt %margin display

i have margin % of 6246.57 and lowest 407.35%

--- 帖子 #371 ---
That's how low your margin got down to during one of your baskets.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
wow, on another oint i h vae live trades open and it added trades at 7 pips intervals ie 5505, 5013, 5020 is this right seems very close to open new trades

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Metacoder, you're response sounds like you interpreted my post as confrontational when it certainly wasn't meant to be so.

I genuinely wanted to know what the mathematical foundation was and that's all there was to it.

Just because I'm successful in one area doesn't preclude me being interested in other areas and in any case, the liquidity I tap into in Betfair has fallen dramatically over the past twelve months and I need to look for other avenues.

As you're no doubt aware, you can't stand still these days as everything is in a state of flux and what works one day is not guaranteed to work the next.

Anyway, I'll try to see what I can make of the maths myself because, as you rightly say, there are lots of solid data to show lots of users are getting the concept to work, although I did note that user 'timmy' did make the point that at some stage there is a high probability of hitting a 'basket of death'. If that really is the case then I'd like to understand a little more of what processes are involved so its liklihood is either reduced, removed or made predictable.

And if I can move the case forward in some way, I'm happy to do my bit. I'm not a naysayer that you might assume but a genuine individual who is simply trying to understand what he is doing.

And if you think I'm being confrontational then think again because I'm not.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
frazer, right now the symbols are hardcoded in the code. i have externalized them, that means user can input their own set of symbols. they can change the 14 or 6.  this allows users to tweak the phantom 6 symbols if they want. first 3 in each group are our phantom buy/sell symbols

however existing traders dont need to do any change as i have defaulted the symbols to existing set

hopefully this will not confuse the thread if someone tries to come up with a new symbol set that may or may not work.

right now there are too many CHF pairs in our 6. i feel this is slow mover. we can switch to some other ative set. also if i am using TH for EU, US i can remove JPY, AUD pairs and put only EU, GBP, USD, CHF pairs...

similarly somebody in asia can do with only those active symbols...

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Thanks roundrick, definitly makes these wonderful EA's robust.

can you please update Ph_AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS.mq4 ?

I want to try these 6 pairs as i dnt want to trade asian session.

Sells - EUR/USD USD/CAD GBP/CHF
Buys - EUR/CAD GBP/USD USD/CHF

Thanks

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Well gosh, if timmy says look out for the basket of death, I guess we must have no idea what we're doing.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
dr who,

Demo a few of the EA's. Week or two should do it. It will give you better understanding of howthey work. Try the ones with different mods to see whats good and whats not. Everyone if different and has their own opinions so you have to try it for yourself. As for the maths, dont think their is much to understand. I like the phantom 6 EA's as I have been trading them since october.

As for the "basket of death". Is it possible? Sure it is. Always a risk in trading. Have I seen it or even been close. No, not with the phantom 6.

But I trade very small and conservitive and limit drawdown as much as possible. If you want opinions or proof look at frazed posts. He has tested more than anyone and probably longer too. As for 'timmy' saying there is high probability of basket of death, well I havnt seen that post. But if so, does timmy show any proof of that? I dont take anyones word of what will "probably" happen, good or bad. Thats why I test things for myself.

I think your questions and concerns are valid and you did read alot of the thread unlike most who come in and ask the same dumb questions over and over. So MC response to you did seem a bit rude IMO. But public forum, so take it with a grain of salt.

Check that: with the holidays coming up, this is probably NOT the best few weeks to test the EA. Maybe wait till after new year.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Dr Who.

go to this file:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...52050&posted=1 # post4252050

is an improved version of phantom.

and the queue there is no sarcasm, contempt and aggression.

I have never seen a queue so contemptuous that it has evidence that some think they are gods they might even believe they are born with innate knowledge.

I think that this short lane must leave here the questions have no place compliments, flattery ok no problem.

a little advice guys back down to earth :-)

cordially

--- 帖子 #379 ---
here you go ....

do report the results with new symbol set

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Thanks roundrock, i will put it on one of my demo account.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Hey Frazerd:

my 602a still cruising along with 0 problems

Was curious how some of your other mods are comparing to the basic 602a?

http://www.myfxbook.com/widget?id=70...pe=1&color=red

Which version can be run indentical to 602a but with the addition of the CLx3 ?

I think that's the only mod I wouldn't mind seeing how it compares over a longer period to the basic.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Hey Tazman

which version you are using for this account. can you please point me to the exact post and you settings aswell ?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #383 ---
no, but the information is easily found if u spend a little time on this thread

version was already mentioned

--- 帖子 #384 ---
does this ea reset on each disconnect.? I have quite a few.......I have no open trades yet..just running a day... so maybe not happening ....and somewhere in this thread some talked about that and what to do.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Cheeky ... lol

There are lots of versions floating around.

I think its this one.
Phantom_AddSix_02a.mq4 but not really sure coz your posts says +602a.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
yes that is correct, .4 mmtu, 1 pp, 200:1 1k balance

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Thanks Taz

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Taz,

My +602a has also done very well since Nov. 11th. .4MMTU .5PP 50:1 ,40K balance. Up almost 10% during this period. Max. DD during this period has been less than 2%. Lowest margin was around 475%.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
It doesn't reset if you lose connection or put computer on standby but it will if you shut down completely.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Does this mean it will open a trade if pipstep value is hit ie buy order if set to 20 and trade advances by 20 pips another trade opens . if so does this overide the trade per hr settings.

Also i have my CL set at 0.5 and expected trades to be clossed once a trade went beyond this point ie less than 0.5% but it did not happen i have running Ph-addsix_03bx_CL_TH_PS

--- 帖子 #391 ---
I have been having computer problems and other business things that have kept me too busy to post much here lately. Although I am signed into the FF and my computer is always on, I am not at the computer very much, so bear with me.

Censura, these EAs only open trafes on the hour if the criteria has been met. The 20 pip step will not over ride that. Also the EAs reset the phantoms after a closure for profit. You obviously are not reading the previous posts. These questions have been answered numerous times. CutLoserMultiplier (CLM) is a multiplier of the -Dollar Profit Target. So if your balance is $1000 and PP is set to 1.0, your Profit Target will be 1% or .01*1000 = $10. If CLM is .5 then the EA will cut any loser that is -$5 or more (.5*-10).

--- 帖子 #392 ---
ok thank you do people think it would be better to open trades as pips advance rather than arbetary 1hr intervals after all you could open a trade which i only 1 pip away from previous trades?

--- 帖子 #393 ---
thank you... no trades so far so I assume its just a choppy week.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Thorn, thanks for the sensible reply.

I've been doing my homework and think I now understand much more of the logic and maths behind these basket EAs. I've also been testing a few out, including the Jag EAs which have been a bit problematic. Nevertheless things have been going well, particularly with Phantom6_01a. It would seem to me that some of the most important settings that will have a significant effect on longterm expectancy are PP and Lot Size relative to AccntSize. (You'll have to overlook any naivety I have as I probably dont have as much FX experience as many on here). And what we need here is some way to backtest with an array of settings for these. BTW is it possible to have LotSize as a %age of AccntSize because that would seem to be useful ? I appreciate you can't backtest a basket system on MT4 but I wonder if anyone has done this using Dukascopy's own platform on which you can as far as I'm aware ?

Assuming a 'basket of death' is inevitable I would have thought a routine of automatically withdrawing profit from the account after a basket is closed may be a good idea too, so the account always trades from a base figure rather than a growing  one.

Those interested in this strategy will be interested in this too I think http://www.datatime.eu/public/gbot/

Tom is a very bright guy.....

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Thanks for the post. I've also been testing Jag's EA but haven't been doing so well with them but I'll persevere to get the settings suitable for my accounts. The same still applies as far as testing is concerned.

Its a shame MC is so full of sarcasm because I think we all acknowledge the work he has done but hey, to each his own.....Merry Christmas Metacoder......and everyone else.....read about Tom's GBot as its a good piece of kit.....

--- 帖子 #396 ---
4X,

Which EA are you running? My AddSix_02a has been trading all week. Do you have the smiley face and are the phantoms moving?

--- 帖子 #397 ---
dr who

The MMTU setting does set the lot size as a %age of the balance. As the  balance goes up, if you leave the  MMTU setting the same, the lot size  will increase . Have you looked at the AddSix_02a EA? I've been running it for over two months now with good results. I'm using an MMTU setting of .4 . I take profit with a separate EA at roughly .5%.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Thanks Toothman. I think I probably need to spend a bit more time understanding the MT4 language....

--- 帖子 #399 ---
I run addsix_2a with with 0.5 MMTU and Profitpct 1.0. Very successful. One trade per day, average guaranteed, though in forex market i shoud not say anything guaranted.

--- 帖子 #400 ---
I will start the demo, can you share your set file , please

Thank you so much for your useful message

bye

ajentha

--- 帖子 #401 ---
bye,

Not sure what you mean by set file.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
navk,

You mean one closure per day on average, right. One trade per day?

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Multi-pair basket systems (EAs) can be backtested (simulated) in MT4. However, you need to know your way around MQL4 and spend some time creating a framework for the simulation of data. For best results, you also need to use tick data.

Creating the simulation framework and gathering tick data is a time-consuming process and not necessarily for the novice programmer. But once completed, it creates a "plug-and-play" testing environment for all EAs.

If I get some free time, I'll elaborate a little more about the simulation framework I use. Although, this is probably a little out-of-scope for this thread.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
I mean average 1 trade closure per day. We can expect minimum 22 basket closures in a month.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
ZZ,

Would love to learn more about the framework when you have time.  I already have the tick data system in place, but haven't been able to backtest any of the basket methods I have been playing with.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Would be great to be able to backtest  all these EA's. I'm hoping you or  someone else can come up with the framework necessary. Just got another  basket closure  with AddSix_02a. That's the 5th  basket to close on my  demo since I closed down my live account(Dec.13th) for the holiday chop.  Was wanting to see how it would do during this period and looks like it  would have made me a chunk of cash so far.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Yep, mine is going smoothly as well.  DD still hasnt ever risen about 7%

I am still curious in doing a direct comparison between 602a annd 602a with a CLx3.  Was waiting for frazerd's answer earlier but guess he's away.

http://www.myfxbook.com/widget?id=70...pe=1&color=red

--- 帖子 #408 ---
I understand the reluctance to answer questions that are in the thred but I can't find a descption on how pipstep works - can someone confirm if set at 20 it will open trase ar 20pip intervals or is it it will only. Open a teade if the trade is more than 20 pips from last trade

--- 帖子 #409 ---
previous winning trade has to be 20 pips or more in profit in order to open follow up trades on that pair

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Yes, smiles and all moving but nothing opening. Anyone else getting trades?

I may change up as I am running a different version My addsix_02a_cl_TH_PS

--- 帖子 #411 ---
errors in journal or experts tab?

if you had it running untouched before the top of the last hour, it should have opened at least one trade.

Wait for the next hour to pass (in 35 minutes) if still no trade opens, then u prob have an issue.

Also be sure to open market watch, right click and choose 'showall'

--- 帖子 #412 ---
oops disable experts was on...

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Correct. Only if +20.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
I am testing AddSix_03bx_CL-PS

On a $3,000 standard account with 0.01 minimum lot size available

The ea defaults to 0.01 lot size when it opens a trade

I have " Use smallest lot size " set to false

I want to set lot size at 0.05 so as to get a comparison with other tests

There is no lot size parameter to set a lot size

Can anyone please advise how I can achieve this

many thanks

--- 帖子 #415 ---
JCS,

I have done similar calculations to get the lotsize I want.

Tell me what leverage you are running and I can give you the mmtu to use.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Thanks Tazmaan leverage is 1.100

--- 帖子 #417 ---
mmtu of 1.7 should give u what u want.

I don't think u should be trading that high, but that's ur answer anyhow

--- 帖子 #418 ---
I am trading Phantom6_01a-2 on a live account 100:1, but the lot size remains at .10 lot all the time, no matter how the settings are changed.  I did not have this problem with the demo account. This is with Alpari UK account with  USD 6200 in equity.

Another problem is that the EA will at some 0 hours open more than one trade, sometimes up to three trades, whereas it should open only one trade - at least that is my understanding.

Nevertheless, the EA is doing well so far, but I would be much happier if it wasn't for those gremlins, or have I got it wrong?

Tazmaan, what formula do you use to calculate the mmtu?

--- 帖子 #419 ---
it's in the code

investment = mmtu / 100

capital * investment * (leverage / 100000)

Not sure on your version, as I am not running that one, but typically:

Trades will open more than one once in awhile at the top of the hour, it's when  during that 1 minute window more than 1 pair becomes biggest winner.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Will give it a try  ...   its only demo and I want to keep my lot sizes the same for comparison etc

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Remember that all of these EAs were restarted on 29 Nov, so they have been running less than a month and during Christmas holidays. They are doing pretty well with 01x and 03x leading the pack with 4.4% and 4.18% respectively.  03bx is close behind with 3.86%.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Settings:

MMTU .4

PP 1.0

CLM 2

This one is phenominal. Almost 50% gain in less than 2 months. It often closes 3 or 4 times in a row without cutting any losers and often with just 2 or 3 trades in the basket. This leads me to believe that it could easily reach a PP of 2. I will be trying that setting with the new year. To offset that change and keep the cut loser size the same, I will also change CLM to 1.

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Obviously profit %age is important but so is Lowest Margin level as I don't like to see it get too low on a consistent basis. Thats why 2a and 3bx look nicer to me.

BTW is your 3bx you last gave P/L for this one: Ph_AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS

If not can you point to the correct one. Keep up the good work....

I'm able to test 3 at a time and generally have found 1a getting too low for comfort on the margin side....

Am I the only one that finds it curious that the baskets tend to be closed when the margin gets to a particular relative size ?

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Frazer,

Is this the version you're using  Ph_AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS.mq4

If not , can you post the version you're referring to. thank you

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Yes, it is AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS and you are correct, in that 2a and 3bx tend to maintain a better margin level.

The baskets close when Equity reaches Equity Profit Target, ProfitPercent * Last Flat Equity + Last Flat Equity (Equity at last basket closure). If you are seeing something different from that, there may be a problem. Equity Profit Target and Dollar Profit Target are visible in the screen comments.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Thanks for that. I did mention elsewhere that I wasn't the sharpest knife in the drawer but I geddit now....

What we need is a major backtest on JForex.....which I think Jag is doing with his versions.....

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Frazer,

I don't see a pip step in your settings. Did you stop using the 20PS you were using earlier? thanks

--- 帖子 #429 ---
can anyone suggest what to update in the ea on a 5 digit broker setting?

--- 帖子 #430 ---
That's great!  As far as I know US traders can still trade with Tadawul.  After the holiday break, I'll try to catch up on the newer versions.  Looks like you guys have been doing some stellar work.  Your reports continue to be exemplary, Frazer.  Merry Christmas!

--- 帖子 #431 ---
I just forgot it. It is still PS 20.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Yes, we can still trade with Tadawul and I will probably set up a live account with them in the next week or so.

Merry Christmas to you too MC and all you other folks on this thread. We had a great day - all our kids, their spouses, the grandchildren and my wife's 94 year old father were here with us most of the day and have just left. We are truly blessed.

I hope we all have a prosperous new year.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
A while back, someone suggested changing the sleep(1000) function to sleep(100) to speed up the closure of all trades at TP. Was wondering if anyone tried that and does it speed up the process? How about using sleep(10) or might that confuse the EA and screw up the closure process? thanks much

--- 帖子 #434 ---
I just run a ticksender app, which sends fake ticks to the platform every 500ms, which allows global closures such as this to happen faster.

Search for mt4 tick sender

--- 帖子 #435 ---
no update needed. EA is designed for both 4 & 5 digit brokers.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
thanks, it wasnt working on fxdd for some reason but did work on go forex.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Yea thats strange, I couldnt get any of the EA's to work on the fxdd demo either.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
fxdd has no nzdjpy, so the EA will get trapped in an endless loop

a quick way to solve, and almost same, though not 100%, is to

replace nzdjpy with cadjpy in the EA code.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
I left my favorite 02a (demo) run through the holiday chop and thought it would be fine but now shows signs of a margin call coming. 64 trades, DD- close to 5% and margin level at %282. Who knows, it may do just fine all year except during this time period. I'm thinking one of the EA's that close the big loser will be a safer way to trade live. I'm demoing the AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS EA now and will see how that one goes for awhile before going live .

--- 帖子 #440 ---
I put on the AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS (H4) last week just to see what it would do after it sounds like several have found success with it.  This is not a fair time to really determine failure and success but over the last 8 or 9 trading days it has given me about 26 losers in a row.

Using settings :

MMTU .4

PP 1.0

CLM 2

Pipstep 20

It has been my experience that a lot of trades durring this last two weeks of december get stopped out.  Seems to be a lot of stop hunting with fewer traders in the market.  Will relook at this again next week.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
I didn't know there was a 4H version of that EA.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Sorry about that, the H4 means I have the bot attached to a 4 hour chart.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Haven't seen anyone trading these on 4H , just 1H. Good luck though and keep us posted.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Ah, that could be where my mistake is...

Trading a few other bots on H4 and got this one on there as well.  A little boobo like this can make a big difference.

Thanks for point that out to me, it would probably be in my best interest to use the H1 like everyone else.

ej5

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Perhaps you're right. Speaking only for myself, I've moved on to better things for the New Year.

Happy Holidays.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Hi, Tooth, i'm not quite sorry to hear your experiences :-) because if 5% DD, you stop out, you only lose 5% or so, right? you've earned much more than that during previous demoing...

when margin is being used up, could we close some positions?  it seems to me that i can close some floating positions (with both winning and losing pos, but they are hedged with each other), so floating loss(DD) will be slightly higher, but lots of margin are liberated this way.

another question, i remember that you used pipstep 20 pips, or i remember wrong?

bottom line, this is never a system needing no human.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Shouldn't matter at all, it looks at server time and trades based on that, doesnt matter what chart timeframe u are on

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Guess I am still dodging the bullets here, or else everyone else is using different settings.  My 602a still cruising right along with a hitch.

http://www.myfxbook.com/widgets/70344/medium.jpg

--- 帖子 #449 ---
HelloTazmaan

What are the settings that you use to achieve this result?

thank you

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Hello.

One big problem of this expert advisor is its readability, it is very difficult to read because the characters are too small.

So here is my small contribution if you're interested, let me say that I  know very little MQL4, l 've used various functions on the internet to  do this, that ask me a lot of effort because I know MQL4, this m 'have  also helped to learn a little MQL4.

In exchange I would like at least one person correctly explains that this system is too application?

thank you

Happy New Year to you all and your family :-)

--- 帖子 #451 ---
MQL is not cocder-friendly. to increase the font of characters in the comment section, we need to use OjectCreate function

--- 帖子 #452 ---
For me addsix_2a did not have trouble during holidays. Of cource the DD went up more than 6 % and open orders 32, but finally closed in profit to my surprise.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Nothing personal, but I have given my settings quite a few times in this thread, and have no desire to keep doing so.  A little bit of searching and you'll obtain the information you seek, sorry.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
yes I know I roundrock an external option that allows me to increase the size if I want

--- 帖子 #455 ---
tazmaan ok no problem but it is not easy when you do not speak English, translate with google because I can not translate that kind of thing.

MMTU?

PP?

CLM?

PS?

is the big problem of translators can not translate that kind of thing.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Tazmaan thank you very much -D

--- 帖子 #458 ---
charvo,

True, I could close out all trades now and still be up 5% since 11/12. 02a doesn't have the pip step, just the two settings of MMTU and PP. I've been thinking along the same lines as you. When margin level gets too low (now at 256%), it might be a good strategy to turn EA off, close out some pairs that are in good positive position and let the other pairs float until they break even or get closer to BE. A safer bet is just take your loses and start a new basket. One last thing. I'd never trade any of these EA's live during the last two weeks of Dec.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
your safer bet might be the most reasonable action, since one important element is time.  we save time by close a paralysed basket, then the ea is supposed to start to making money again (hopefully).

yeah, none should trade live after mid of Dec, definitely.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
I agree, ea doesn't work well after / around year end....but it will happen during the year also so we will see how it manages.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Here is one that has continued to take profit daily in spite of the holiday season.

Lowest margin since the restart 11/29 is 430.18.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Hi, Been awhile since I have posted, just wanted to update my phantom 6_01x. 2 demos settings/ results follow. Both started at same time Nov 29 so running 1 full month.

Demo 1

Settings- mmtu 0.5, profit pct 0.25, lev 100:1, cut loser mult. 1.8.Start balance 3000.00, current 3384.99 (+ $384.99) + 12.83%.

Max drawdown 10.94%

total trades 347- winners 222 (63.98%), losers 125 (36.02%)

49 losers (39.2%) were made by cut loser multiplier.

Demo 2

settings- mmtu 0.5, profit pct 0.25, lev 50:1, cut loser mult. 1.0, Start balance 3000.00, current 3258.42 (+ $ 258.42) + 8.61%.

Max drawdown 5.65%

total trades 364- winners 220 (60.44%), losers 144 (39.56%)

81 losers (56.25%) were made by cut loser multiplier.

Note: I trade different pairs than the original 6. I dont use any CHF or JPY

pairs( buys- GBPUSD,EURCAD,EURGBP/ sells- EURUSD,EURAUD,AUDCAD).

Some random observations, Demo 1 very good profit percent but draw down was a bit too high for me, demo 2 little less but 8 % for month still good and half the drawdown. Demo 1 trades .02 lots and demo 2 trades .01 (leverage difference)lots so Really the drawdown was close to equal. demo 1 just more aggresive.

There were 2 occasions during month when both demos took many consecutive cut losers without a basket close, think it was something around 16-20. Never went more than 4 trading day before a basket closure. I was a bit concerned at first but realized this dose keep down the number of trades and keeps the EA from getting bogged down.

You see my profit % is set fairly low at .25%, I prefer to get in and out of a basket quickly. Since testing many of these EA's since september, I feel more comfortable with this setting. Have had many days with multiple basket closures, think I remember most was 5 but there were also many 2 and 3 closure days. Also I DONT use pip step or trading hours mod at all.

This thread has gotten quiet, Im wondering if people are not getting good results? Did everyone switch over to the art phantom thread? By the way I like the 6 pair phantom better. Have gotten better results than any of the 3 pair phantoms

Both demo have been running thru holidays and closures have slowed down but drawdown is ok. But no I would not trade this during this 2 week period.

would like to hear anyones thought/observations on demo results.

EDIT: forgot to mention lowest margin percent..Demo 1- 504.23%, Demo 2 -415.21%.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Frazerd,

Is your IBFX demo a micro acct( .01 lots = 1 cent per pip)? If so do they offer that live? That would give me more flexability if I were to try Trading a Phantom EA live.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
yes, ibfx still has nano accounts (1c per pip)

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Had my first closure with this EA. Only 19 trades with worst DD seen around .75%. The PP function didn't work however. I remember reading other comments on trades not being closed at the PP setting. Was a remedy ever found for this? I had PP set to 1% and when I checked my charts this morning, my balance was up 1.5% with no closure. So I closed manually. Anyone else having this problem? thanks

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Hello.

we are certain to come to the queue, so why not make a test version Addsix_03bx_cl_th_ps.

eg Frazerd or another made a list of nicknames here, and each of the parameters a pseudo'll test this we will save much time and do more testing, let us turn our computer a week to see what happens.

it'd be much more productive than making a few random tests and each of its side and everyone will benefit.

Once this series of tests done, we'll do the same but the pairs trader is because I'm not sure the pairs chosen are the best for this kind of system (well in my opinion) :-)

--- 帖子 #467 ---
No problem with closures for me, though I've only been running since 24th and only 1 basket closure. Nice profit of 1% and margin requirement no lower than around 700%.

I'm currently testing this one, 6_01a and Jag_V2a, tho the latter is very slow and cautious.

As I've mentioned in another thread, what's really needed is some backtesting (on another platform) to see the longterm probablility of a blowout. This is needed to see if its possible to have settings which create a positive expectation.

PS With all this testing going on, perhaps someone should start to collate the numbers in so far as tallying how many baskets have been closed (with what P/L) and how many have blown up. I'd say we've already had a few hundred closures.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Not sure how closely everyone is watching their phantom ea's, but last night was the second time on two different demo's that I noticed the basket of trades were not closing as they should.  My floating profit was well over 1% (was at right around 2%) but ea was making no attempts at all to close the trades.  Granted I've been running this thing a month now and its the first time it's happened, but still.  Another demo had it happen after a week.

Twice in two days on two different demos tells me there is a relability issue in the addsix version of the ea at least.  Could be a big reason everyone seems to be having trouble with them, dunno.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Yes, it is a true mini account - 1 pip = 1cent. And they do offer it live as well. 50:1 max leverage.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Reading this post and one above by Toothman, I'm not sure if you guys understand PP. It is a % of Last Flat Equity. It has nothing to do with floating profit. I explained this just a few posts back.

Both Equity Profit Target and Dollar Profit Target are shown in the screen comments. When Equity reaches Equity Profit Target that should trigger a closure.

In these EAs where it closes losers, the floating PL is very misleading. The EA will only close when it reaches PP above Last Flat Equity. In other words, it will never close at a loss from last flat equity. It only closes for a profit, regardless of how many losers have been closed.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
I am very familiar with the workings of this ea, as you should know.

I didn't list the specifics as I figured I didn't need to prove my knowledge

pp is 1%.  at the time my last flat balance and equity (which is show on myfxbook link I have posted a bunch of times) were 1233.

equity profit target was 1245, floating profit was $30 or so, which brought the floating equity to 1275, and the ea was doing nothing to close the trades.

I manually closed them and reset the global variables.

I've played with these ea's almost as long as you have, so there is an issue somewhere with these, whether the issue is found or not who knows.

But if people aren't watching these somewhat closely, you'll never know whether it should have closed and didn't, which may be why some people are getting huge drawdowns and no closures.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Yes, I know you are familiar with the EAs, but the manner in which you stated the problem sounded as though you did not understand. Sorry.

I have not seen the problem on my demos, but you would have to be watching it all the time to pick up on that. If it always closes for (+/-) PP you just assume it is working properly.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Frazer,

I also have a good understanding of the EA and the PP setting. I wasn't very clear in my last post. The basket I closed manually this am. had no trades closed during it's cycle. I had the PP set at 1% and 1% of my last flat equity would have been $414 ( this $ amount was shown in my screen comments) which is where it should have closed the basket. The basket was up almost $650 when I saw it this morning so as tazzy said, these Ea's have an issue when it comes to closure. Other than that I'm hooked on them. So for the time being ,until someone can figure out where the glitch is I'm using a separate EA to close my baskets. As long as I don't get a trade closed in the cycle I'll be ok using this one http://cdn.forexfactory.com/images/attach/mq4.gif CloseTrades_After_Account_Profit_Reached.mq4

--- 帖子 #474 ---
I have a few ea's i can use to globally close all trades on 1% profit also, but my concern with doing this was:

if you closeall with another ea, the global variables on the phantom ea might not get reset.  So last flat equity will be wrong, which throws off the whole thing for next time.  Worst case scenario, I have a few that will txt msg me if they do a closeall, so then I'll just have to remember to go in and clear the gv's myself like I did today.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Taz,

The one I posted above lets the phantoms reset. If you use it , make sure though. And of course it gets things screwed up if you're using one of the Ea's that  closes the big loser trades. If you get one of the big losers closed, you have to increase the profit $ target to compensate. The problem with that is it might happen in the middle of the night and you're not there to see it.  I'd rather use the PP closure incorporated into these EA's if someone can find the bug.

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Hello.

I am in demo version 0.3bx_cl_th_ps and this morning he cut a losing trade (GBPCHF sell) how to resolve this EA for the SL?

thank you

--- 帖子 #477 ---
The version you are using is supposed to cut losing trades

It is working exactly as intended

If you do not want to have losing trades cut use a version that is coded not to do this

Read the thread

Then read it again !

--- 帖子 #478 ---
ok thank you JCS .

but how SL is calculated in this version?

cordially

--- 帖子 #479 ---
I am not a coder, but I do not think there is a conventional 'stoploss' as such

The losing trade is cut when a ( EDIT  ...  negative ) $ amount relative to the profit target x the multiplier that you set in the parameters is reached ( CutLoserMultiplier ... default is set to 1.5 I think )

--- 帖子 #480 ---
ah ok JCS , thank you very much for your explanations

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Hallo together

Sorry for my bad English , and first I want wish all here a Happy New Year.

When i Want change the Pairs to trade what a must do.

For ex. I want to trade

Buy GBPUSD,EURCAD,EURGBP

Sell EURUSD,EURAUD,AUDCAD

So you see no CHF and JPY Pair

How I can chance the Ea

Thanks for Reply

Icemaan

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Wow, 117 trades and margin down to 155% ( using 50:1 leverage). I was going to leave it go to see how margin call would close trades but didn't get MC.  The great part about these EA's is the the way the synthetic hedge works. I never saw DD more than 5%. This gives you plenty of time to let things play out ( in this case it took 9 days). So the AddSix_02a has given me some trouble over the holiday chop but it did survive with a total of 6 closures. And by the way, the close all EA I posted a couple pages back closed 117 trades in 19 seconds. This would have taken 3-4 min with the 02a EA doing the closing. We need to somehow incorporate this close all (or something like it) into these phantoms to speed up the closure process. It didn't reset the phantoms though so that would have to be dealt with.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Tooth, how exactly do I use your closing EA ? I've never used that type of EA before. Do I simply put it on the same chart as the Phantom EA ?

Excuse my ignorance...

--- 帖子 #484 ---
dr who,

Put it on another chart other than the one your pantom EA is on. Set the profit $ amount and it will close everything in a hurry when that amount is reached. Set the PP function on the phantom EA to something high like 4-5% and then it won't interfere with the close all when profit reached EA.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Thanks for the heads up. Happy New Year btw.....

--- 帖子 #486 ---
I think this system is a good system but what you do not understand is that success requires an intelligent selection of pairs.

which is sad with this kind of forum is that if you do not code is not listening to you, some are more serious link between programming incompetence and lack of logic or intelligence.

take a simple example:

in the version you 3bx_cl_th_ps in pairs on sale this:

12. GBPCHF

13. CHFJPY

but if you look at the correlation of the 2 pairs you find that the correlation is negative to -82% which is huge, this means that if the system takes a position on his reasons for X 2 pairs of the 2 pairs will be losing heavily.

etc. ..

Happy New Year to all.

cordially

--- 帖子 #487 ---
OK, so change the pairs you trade to something you like better. If you want to go with more corelated pairs then open metaeditor and change it.

Its not that hard. The EA's posted are just the basic framework and are easily modified, even for a programming idiot like me.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
really , dont use the ea then. no problem. There are tons of ea's making millions of cash that are better than this. From my perspective, this ea has everything a good system needs.  The theory of getting a run periodically, adding to it and cutting your losers at certain intervals is a great trading idea. People s/b thankfull the programmer and the author posted anything at all. I know I wouldnt of shared this idea --- let alone someone complaining about correlation that has little affect. I mean, if anyone is that good of a trader; program your own.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
yes I'm ok with you 4XWeezal this system is a very good system the concept is great (great because you had to think and this concept is really beautiful, the designer has a very fine mind) I'm not a programmer but I unfortunately under metatrader 'have many ideas for improvement so I'll learn MQL4 patiently and try to perfect it.

cordially

--- 帖子 #490 ---
My Add6 03bx EA placed a double trade today. Both at the beginning of hour 16:00, both on the EUR/JPY. This one is supposed to make only one trade per hour at most. Has anyone else seen this? thanks

--- 帖子 #491 ---
The only time I've seen that happen is when I had 2 instances of my VPS running at the same time with all the demos open on both.  That will cause double trades. If you are on VPS, right click on the task bar at bottom of screen and select Task Manager. If it shows 2 instances of the VPS open, that is the problem.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Hello Frazer,

Not on VPS so that couldn't be the problem.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
pl see the old posts, i have made the pairs configuable, so that you can test yr own pair set

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Hello roundrock

sorry but I can not find this version of Phantom with pairs configurable?

cordially

--- 帖子 #495 ---
That looks great and I think it validates the R&D you've been doing.  The additional tactics seem solid.  Happy New Year!

I'm sure the thread has been quiet mainly due to the holidays.  Well now most people are getting back into their regular routines as the new year gets underway.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
I figured out what happened yesterday with Frazers help. When I opened up the platform for the week, I accidentally opened a second instance of the platform and didn't notice it. So nothing wrong with the EA. Sorry for the false alarm MC.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
quiet or not, this is already a "holy grail" system in my mind.

Thank you again, MC!

The only thing the EA needs might be some functional improvement.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Happy new year all,

So I left my demo's running thru the holidays, phantom 6_01x. Both trade same pairs and settings except demo 1- 100:1,  clm 1.8. Demo 2 50:1, clm 1.0.

OK so demo 1 is in some fairly deep DD around 8% and a long way to go to reach profit pct, not sure if it will get there.

Demo 2 has been plugging along nicely just as it always has (+ 9.4%) since nov 24 start date. A little slow during last 2 weeks but still closing a basket every day or two.

Now I wonder why the big difference in performance? Does leverage and cut loser multiplier make that big of a difference? or is it just a mater of timing when a basket gets started. Something to ponder!!

Note: Demo 1 is still up 5.5% since december 1 start even if i was to close basket for loss now, but will keep open to see how EA handles this situation.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
I am running live with micro lots. .I like cut loser better in a trading sense as it helps with DD, but that doesn't mean this is going to work any better than without. I don't know what the death trade yet will look like but I want to go 30-40 trades deep to find out my courage...I think that it could send you deep like a roulette wheel so you may need quite a large margin. Others have done well right off the bat.. there is probably something to the strategy; but I think anytime you want a 100% non money losing trade basket it could give you a ride.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
I agree..

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Hey tazmaan How is your +602a testing going ?

--- 帖子 #502 ---
After the issue with noticing it was not closing the trades at my pp, it was downhill from there.  DD climbed up over 20% at the start of this week, so I have ceased testing.  Might revisit again someday, but after testing about 10 diff versions have decided to pursue other methods.  If I was interested in 5% profit per month, might be a different story.

Hope to continue to see good results from the thread however.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Shhh, you'll upset some people as they're brainwashed to believe there can never be such a thing.

--- 帖子 #504 ---
I guess, i would be fine with 5% if guaranteed...but ....nothing is ever guaranteed. Its a martingale to a certain extent-- no holy grail and the time you get and where the market is at determines what kind of ride...As everyone has traded awhile know's thair aint much of an edge on direction ...it looks easier on the screen than putting the big coin out there....over 20 open trades but have a lot of margin so it may or may not come back....I kind of know how it operates but still, it would be nice to know how far I will end up down the rabbit whole.

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Hi, man, pity that you quit it.

i'm still confident in it.

look, this EA, like any EA in the world, is not 24x5 autorun.

when DD is 20%, do you have all positions in "-"?

if no, close some hedged positions that are in "+", or close some losing positions.  you have a way to survive.

there must be a day that will save the basket----a trending day.

it is not like a retrace/martingale system, that must have a day to explosion.

this is completely opposite.

you only need to control your DD till that day comes to save your basket.

One note, that i think is valuable addition to this system, is "Do NOT close all, leave 10% position running for free".  i think that might dramatically improve the payoff.

One question, i remember that you said you used pipstep 20, or I remembered wrong?  without pipstep, i feel more risky trading this EA, imho.

good luck.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
I had a demo running both with pipstep 20, and with no pipstep.  The pipstep 20 was 602a with just this addition that I made to it.  Unfortunately, it was in even worse shape.

I am not saying this isn't a worthwhile pursuit, it's just not one I am overly interested in at the moment anymore is all.

The whole 'load up on tons of trades and risk, to get 1% profit' is something I am trying to move away from.

I do hope you and some others continue to share the results tho, hopefully I am wrong on this one

--- 帖子 #507 ---
This is the only EA that has managed to close since 31 Dec. It closed yesterday for 1%(+) profit with my new PP of 1.0.

Meanwhile Ph6_01a_CL has not closed since 23 Dec and even with the CL option is now very close to a margin call. Margin has been as low as 109% and max floating DD -17%. However, I am still not worried about it. If it hits 100% margin the broker software will kick in and help close a few more losing trades and it will eventually close for a profit. I feel pretty confident about that after seeing it happen several times now. The problem is that it eats up a lot of time when it could be making more money. And, of course if it were a live account I would be sweating profusely.

Although none of the others have closed since 31 Dec, none of them are even close to having a low margin problem. Even AddSix_02ax_CL, which has not closed since 21 Dec, has not been below 445% margin and -1.58% max floating DD.

So the slow, choppy holidays have brought out the best and worst of the EAs. In this type market AddSix_01x_CL has emerged as the winner, while Ph6_01a, which had been looking very good before, is now sucking hind tit.

These observations are all based on IBFX 50:1 mini demos. The Tadawul 500:1 with AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS is continuing to excel, but it also has not closed since 31 Dec.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
MC, I got a PM from Jamalima in which he brought up a possible problem with Tadawul. He says, and I verified it with my TD AddSix_03bx demo, that CHFJPY is seldom, if ever, traded in our EAs on a TD platform and the phantom price is always $0.00. I have been watching it closely since receiving his PM yesterday. The CHFJPY in the Market Watch window moves very seldom and in a very tight range, however it is moving. But the phantom price stays between -0.01 and +0.01. I have yet to see it outside of that range. And in 2(+) months there have only been 3 CHFJPY trades in that account.

Is there anything in the coding that might cause that? The same EA running on a IBFX demo has numerous CHFJPY trades and in a couple of cases it was the big mover and accounted for all the profit. That would indicate that it's not in the coding.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
this is holy grail method already, already, already, i'm like paranoid these days, hohoho.

however, it may still be improved in LIVE trading, like your problem right now, waiting, endless waiting......

I assume that your broker allow hedging, if so, then use two phantom EAs, these two EA's buy sell baskets are opposite to each other.  so when one is stuck, the other might be making money.

however, it is also likely both trapped in DD.

a better idea, i guess, is based on that Art Phantom thread.  say, put 3 art phantoms EA in one LIVE account.

EA 1 trades audjpy, usdjpy, audusd

EA 2 trades eurjpy, usdjpy, eurusd

EA 3 trades gbpchf, chfjpy, gpbjpy

you know my point is that when one EA is hanging there, the other EAs may still making money, unless the whole market IS NOT moving (in that case, your DD won't deterioriate anyway.)

these may involve some changes/addendum of the EA coding though.

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Nice results, thanks a lot for reporting!

since we rarely heard ppl explode their accounts during Xmas/new yr, i guess ph6_01a (or 02a?) is still promising. it is when Lehman Bro closed, or Russian bankrupt that traders got burned down (but this system will earn like crazy at such time.)

IBFX 50:1 is definitely a more worthy experiment for us US traders. Please continue your experiment.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Hi guys,

I had closed down my live accounts on 23rd Dec, and DD was never below 5%. I am running it live on 4 micro accounts, 1:500 at Alpari UK with 1000 EUR each and a lot size of 0.01.

I then decided to run a demo for the quiet days, and all of a sudden I have a strange problem at Alpari. They are not known for having best demo stability, but what occurs has demolished my demo account performance in case that I really cannot compare the results.

I have had a closure today, but since monday it tried to open trades each hour as it should, but the demo account was perfectly logged out at the start of each hour candle for 1-2 minutes... so it did take only about half the trades and left some 10-15 errors in the logs. Thus I can't really compare this to live, except it has gone good concerning DD and closure.

Before xmas my 4 live accounts were closed perfectly, sometimes even twice a day. Longest hangman was 3 days.

I think this one really has absolute potential. Do a good MM to prevent margin calls, and simply take your time. Having 3-5% a week is close to heaven ... at least compared to other EA

--- 帖子 #512 ---
There is no Phantom6_02a. There are only 3 basic Phantom6 EAs, 01, 01a and 01x. The only 02a is Phanton_AddSix_02a. When people post about 602a I believe they are referring to AddSix_02a. If not, I don't know what they are talking about.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
I am a little new to having to managing margin.. Should I be looking at free margin or the margin percentage to determine a warning sign. .Also, I thought that max margin to commit to trade would shut extra trades down.

If not, what pairs do you recommend to close first? obviously, some trades will be in profit with equal losses to free margin up but is there a good strategy? (am trading live with a low microlot)

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Update: Demo 1 returned from the dead today thanks to large drops in eur/usd and aud/cad. CLM trimmed around 20 trades since last close and max DD reached 11%. For 100:1 leverage I believe my mmtu is too high, as this EA trades .02 (20 cents per pip) on a 3 k acct which is probably a little too agressive. But I am impressed that the EA recovered, figured it would take a big move for it to happen and the CLM kept the losing trades to a minimum. I wonder though, what if the market stayed chop chop for another week? and how much DD would be too much for the EA to recover.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Margin Percent is what brokers use to determine margin call level. For example, if trading with IBFX they will start closing your biggest losing trades when margin gets down to 100%. They close a biggest loser until margin goes back above 100%, then if it drops back down to 100% they will again close the biggest losers until it gets back above 100%. We discovered that quite often that margin call procedure would keep the account alive long enough to catch a good move and get back into profit. That was the reason for adding the Cut Loser option.

MaxMarginToUse is the amount of margin to use for each new trade. It does not limit the number of trades.

These EAs are "robots" and they are designed to trade completely on auto-pilot. The EA will close ALL trades when it has reached the Equity Profit Target. You do not have to worry about which trades to close first. Just let them all run until the EA closes them. Except if you use the Cut Loser option you just need to decide how big a loser you want to cut.

You obviously are not reading the thread before asking questions. These questions are answered in the first post and the frequently asked questions. Please start reading. i will not answer any further questions that can be answered by reading the thread.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
I have been demoing the phantom EA's, starting annd stopping with several of the many new versions. In early Dec I started the one below and suspended testing on all others.

Below are the Results for Phantom6_01a_cl using IBFX from around Dec 1, 2010

Default values used; EA ran uninterrupted through holidays

reasonable ROI; reasonably low DD

--- 帖子 #517 ---
heya saintmo

what was your 'reasonable dd'?  have you been tracking it?

--- 帖子 #518 ---
During this period I had surgery on my foot and didn't have easy access to the computer that ran this EA (another floor of my house). However, I did not see drawdowns above around 5%. This was based upon checking stats once per day with the exception of a 10 day period when I only checked once. I plan to demo this for another month and track DD more formally. But considering the difficult period in which it operated I thought it worth further consideration and study.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
very good, maybe at some point i'll throw that version up on a demo again.  will keep an eye on the thread and your results

--- 帖子 #520 ---
what is the max drawdown on the ea it will go or how big of an account do you need so that you never have to worry....Thats really the question all are asking .

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Sorry, I don't think anyone can answer those questions. You will have to figure it out for yourself.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
I have tested addsix_2a for long time. The DD has been max 8 to 10 %. Only once during NFP i switched off the EA which had open trades. When again switched on, the DD was more than 10%. I guess the reason coud be, i did not allow the EA to run.

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Hi guys

I've been trying to demo the Addsix_03bx version and I am getting no trades. I have applied the EA to a eurusd chart and its been running like that for about 4-5 days with no trades.

There is nothing in the journal with suggests any errors etc.

What am i doing wrong?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Open up properties/common on EA and make sure live trading is checked. I  sometimes forget to do that myself. Also what broker are you using? If your broker doesnt have one of the pairs in the EA it wont trade. If it does, make sure to open market watch, right click and select "show all".

These are some of the problems I have seen in the past.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
I've abandoned all my back and forward testing of the Phantom EAs.

Although in many instances they were looking OK, there have been a number of backtests in 2009 I did for 03bx that turned bad. But my main issue is that I dont understand the logic that well and from my own perspective I prefer to work with things I can understand on a more fundamental basis.

Generally I trade news manually and for a simpleton like me, that's very understandable. However, I'm also developing a gap trading EA, early signs of which are looking good and I'm testing a couple of other EAs which show promise and whose logic I can follow.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Dr who,

How did you back test multiple pair EA? Guessing it wasnt on Mt4? And how much faith do you put in back testing. I always get very different results whenever I backtest anything.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
It looks like some members have some very basic issues/questions that could be resolved/answered if they read my FAQ.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
I was testing multiple pairs on JForex.

The problems with backtesting on MT4 are (a) the data is crap, so you need to get it from somewhere else and (b) you cant backtest multiple pairs.

If you can get your EA re-written for JForex thats a much better option.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Just when you think this EA is down for the count it turns around and takes profit. This basket started on Jan.4 and saw over 100 trades. DD was over 10% at one time and margin (50:1 leverage) was down to 150%. I was going to see how margin call closures would effect it but it didn't get to that point.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Frazer, forgive me for not being up on the later versions, but is there a version that is based on Phantom_AddSix_02a and which starts closing biggest losers when margin drops to a specified level?

I think there might be one in this post: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4237873

Heck, I can't even remember what the 'x factor' is!  Found it...'x' means the EA only adds trades if all previous trades for the pair are winners.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
The link you posted has the Close Loser (bigger than CloseLoserMultiplier x -Dollar Profit Target), but not the option to close losers at specified margin level. I tested that option for a while and didn't like what it was doing. I do like the Close Loser bigger than option. I'm using it on all of my demos now.

If you really want the option that closes losers at a given margin level, I have a Phantom6_01 with that option, which I can post here if you want it..

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Frezard,

The addsix_2a, at times has bigger DD, reason it places trades without checking whether the previous trade was a winner.

The addsix_2ax has pip step and cut looser option. I do not want cut looser option but want the trades to be added if previous trade was a winner. The pip step ( 10 ) alone will satisfy this or it has inherent feature to add phantom winners only ? Thanks

--- 帖子 #533 ---
No need, but thanks!

--- 帖子 #534 ---
All of these EAs have an amazing ability to come back from what appears to be the grave.

Take a look at my Phantom6_01a_cl. It closed a basket back on 23 Dec and then went into a long period of no closures, many many close losers, and finally on 7 Jan it hit the margin call 100% and started closing biggest losers until it came back above 100%. Then it stayed above 100%, cutting losers bigger than $8(+), until 11 Jan when the margin call kicked in again and closed 3 more smaller losers and then again on 12 Jan it hit 100% again and closed several more smaller losers. It looked like it was dead for sure, but the EA closed several more big losers on 12 and 13 Jan. Then, low and behold, this morning it got the move it needed to hit the profit target and closed twice for a 2% profit (above last basket close). Between the Close Loser option and the margin call closes, it had closed a total of 242 losers and closed another 116 trades, all winners, to end up in profit.

Is that amazing or what!?

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Any EA that I have posted which has a "x" in the name will only open a trade if all previous trades on the pair are winners. The Pip Step option just adds a little extra by requiring the trade to be at least Pip Step pips more than the last trade on that pair. Or, that is the intent. I have not checked to see if that actually works.

So the answer is AddSix_02ax will do what you want without any of the CL, TH, PS options. You can just make all those options false and the EA will only place a new trade if all previous trades on the pair are winners. If you use the Pip Step option you will just insure that the new trade is several pips more than the previous trade.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Thanks a lot frezard. Wonderful I tested all these days the addsix_2a. Like every one else here, i am happy with this EA, as i never had equity loss. The only complaint is at times, the DD runs more but never lost.

I want to test now the addsix_2ax version to decide which one to go about.

Any way thanks for the wonderful EA's.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
I didn't anticipate they'd be able to do this (probably because I didn't know what the current brõker actions were when low margin levels are hit...I thought they used to close ALL trades on low margin triggers), but now we have had several graphic demonstrations of why the old trading wisdom phrase "cut the losers early and let the winners run" came to be.

It really is wisdom, not just empty words.

It's not lost on me that the brõker provides a real service for us by closing losers when the low margin limit is hit. Well, as long as routine trading actions are in harmony with that and allow it to work for our benefit.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Don't thank me. MetaCoder is the author of all these phantom EAs. I am not a programmer. I just added a few options that I picked up from other threads. I do that by copying and pasting from one EA to another.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
I also used to think that a margin call was closing all trades when the low margin was hit. But thinking back about it, it was probably because we were trading totally different strategies and there were never many (or any) winning trades involved in those margin calls, so the margin never came back above the call level. With these EAs the low margin is caused by having too many open trades, many of which are winners along with the losers. So when the broker software starts closing trades the reduction in number of open trades along with the winners brings margin back up and stops the margin call.

Also, we know that margin calls do not work the same with all brokers. We had a couple of people report that their broker, when margin gets too low, just disallows additional trades until margin improves. Again, in the old days when there were not usually a large number of trades involved and they were all losers that tactic would normally result in the trader losing all his money and maybe more. But with these EAs it buys time for the margin to improve and then it allows new trades again.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Hi,

Is there any way that the close all function contained within the EA itself can be made to work quicker. It is not unusual to take over 30 seconds to close baskets of upto 20 trades so that we are largely guessing at the PP result.

Sure, sometimes we get more than we bargained for - but more often it's less.

I'm not winging - but it would be an improvement.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
A quick basket closure of only 8 trades this time. That's close to 10% return in two months ($5000 with starting balance of $39,000) using this EA. I haven't gotten the nerve to trade it live again since the holidays. The low margin levels in last two baskets have scared me some.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Its also a truism and completely meaningless, with the greatest respect.

Let me give you an example:

1. You cut a loser because you're down 20pips It carries on down so far it would have blown your account. Great. Pat yourself on your back as you've cut a loser early and saved your account.

2. You cut a loser because you're down 20pips. It immediately reverses and moves so you'd now be up a huge fortune. You kick yourself because you've cut a loser just a pip too early and you could have made a packet.

How do you know which scenario is about to unfold ?

This renders the concept meaningless except when looked back at historically.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
After a few months of testing and tinkering with the EA settings and getting some good results, I was considering going live with a small account. Now that I see Oanda is coming out with mt4 in next month or so I may just take the plunge. Cant beat their spreads which I think is important for these EA's. Will have to see how their connectivity is though as that is sometimes a problem on the fxtrade platform. From what I have read lot sizes from .01 (1k), should be perfect for small accounts.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Addsix_2a trades as usual but addsix_2ax did not make a trade since 5 est yesterday. Any settings problem? Magic number to be changed or something? I have set default settings except MMTU and Profit pct. Frezard, can you answer this prob? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Certainly scenario 2 can and does happen and there is no way to know which way it will go. We cannot foresee the future. We have to deal with present conditions and find a strategy that works to our advantage over the long term. I believe the cutting of losers is working and so far scenario 1 has occurred more often than scenario 2. That is why my demos have always recovered.

Having said that, I will add that I think I have been cutting losers too soon in my 50:1 demos. A CLM of .5 with a PP of .5 is too low. I have already doubled that in some of my accounts and will increase the others as I find an opportunity after a basket close.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Give MB Trading try. They're an ECN and give a great service. I've been with them a couple of years and have recently opened an MT4 account with them too.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
I would need more info and maybe some screen shots to figure out what's wrong. The first thing to check is make sure that all pairs are listed in the Market Watch window.

Are you running it on a separate platform from 02a? If so, there should be no problem with magic numbers.

If you were running another EA on the same platform previously, did you clear all the Global Variables before starting the EA?

--- 帖子 #548 ---
My comments weren't aimed at being in any way derogatory towards this system but just at the statements like 'cut your losses and let your profits run' which are totally meaningless.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
a close all function would 90% be meaningless and useless. (if i'm honest, i should use 100%)

in MT4, you already have it on left hand side, check help if you need.

this EA is in its nature against close all in loss.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
The last one what you said, global variables, was the problem I just noticed it and cleared. Hopefully it should start trading now. Everynow and then i keep forgetting to clear global variables. lol

--- 帖子 #551 ---
this system is exactly "cut loser, let profit run", (i'm not talking about various MODs by many, i mean MC's original). no wonder you mentioned that you don't understand this system.

--- 帖子 #552 ---
If you don't understand them and don't see their value clearly reflected in the trading statements, of course they'll seem meaningless...to YOU.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
In scenario #2, you don't kick yourself because you have winning trades to offset the loser you may have cut early, IF your trading tactics ensured that, which these systems do.

In balanced multi-pair trading, one trade on one pair will not make or lose a fortune, so your example has no relevance here.

There is no dependence on needing to know which scenario is going to unfold. There is no attempt to predict the future.

The concept "cut losers early, let winners run" has meaning ONLY in the context of being well positioned to handle whatever the future brings. It has NO meaning in the context of history.

You're missing key points left, right and center.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Frazer has carefully documented the resiliency of several of these EAs. The core strategy is the same as the one I introduced in the form of EAs back in August 2010; however, tactical improvements were made by those who understand (Frazer), and I'm most pleased, and grateful!

Five months later, "success" is still the verdict. Some haven't bothered to surmount the technical learning curve to set up the EAs correctly or to stay within reasonable settings (usually out of greed/impatience).

Those who have, have seen that automatic trading is viable. Some don't see it, some don't get it, and some DON'T WANT TO. If you insist on staying stuck in your stiff thinking patterns and deny irrefutable evidence, fine, I'm not here to give you cognitive therapy.

I've proved my point here, in this public Internet venue.

Now, I'm going back "home" to focus on serious R&D with a small group of intensely interersted people. Those who wish to follow, may. The door is not hard to find, and I'll leave it open a crack.

Naturally, some of you will want to continue participating here.  As for me...all done!

Some of you folks are great, thanks to those who contributed!

Adios amigos.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
[quote=MetaCoder;4314983]Frazer has carefully documented the resiliency of several of these EAs. The core strategy is the same as the one I introduced in the form of EAs back in August 2010; however, tactical improvements were made by those who understand (Frazer), and I'm most pleased, and grateful!

Five months later, "success" is still the verdict. .........................

Sir,

Well said!  I could not agree with you more.

I think you, and Fraser, are leading us into the sunlit uplands.........

There, I will follow.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
I will respond to PMs for the next couple of weeks.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
MC, you're missing the point. I WASN'T referring to these EAs at all, just meaningless statements like 'cut your losses and let your profits run' per se. If you're qualifying them in relation to something else, then that's fine but as stand alone statements, they mean nothing.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
thanks metacoder for a  great ea! It has a lot of potential.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
MetaCoder, thanks for sharing your work and Frazerd, thanks for your invaluable contributions.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Thanks a bunch for your great contribution.

I have been testing various versions for sometime, and hope to ultimately zero in on something that will be beneficial in the long term.

Hoping to hear from you occasionally about your future work..

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Been trading this EA(on demo) since the 12th of November completely hands off. MMTU-.4, taking profit every approx. $225 with a beginning balance of $39,500 which is now at $44,551. Leverage 50:1. Have seen close to 10% DD  once but lots of baskets never saw more than around 2-3%. Twice I saw margin very low, 300% and the worst was 165%. Those two baskets are the reason I'm not trading live at least for now.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Hello to everyone and a special thanks to MetaCoder.

I am following this EAs since almost 2 months and I would like to share my results with you. Here you are:

http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab3

The actual setting is:

EA: Phantom_AddSix_02a

Account type: Standard (AVA Fx)

Demo Initial Amount: $100.000

Leverage: 400:1

Lowest Margin: 393.00%

Largest Floating Loss: $-31,410.86

Max Floating Drawdown: -28.75%

MMTU: 0.5

Use Lots: 2.53

PP: 0.35

Any comment will be welcome.

Again, thanks.

/achab

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Hello,

I use Phantom6_01a. MMTU 0.5, PP 0.5, Leverage 400:1.

One trade has not closed since Tuesday, then some orders are closed because of margin call.....now 8 orders are closed and margin % is still lower than 110%....

I changed global variables LastFlatBal and LastFlatEq to the current balance because target become too far....

I already lost 2 months profit. EA is still running but making drawdown bigger....

I don't know what to do.....

--- 帖子 #564 ---
add more money! how many trades are you in for? I think this ea might not  be good to run unless you can absorb 40-60 open trades without margin issue. that would be a good thing to figure out. there is an optimal size account..but might be awhile to figure out. or start cutting equal size wins and losses earlier if the market goes flat.

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Phantom 02a and 03b are better options and other variants like CL, TH and PS should also help. Margin 0.3 is ideal I suppose.

This EA requires volatile market and hence better to keep it out of flat market.

I am experimenting with PP of 2.0 as once once EA gets into profit mode it flies rather quickly.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
I am posting this for all to comment upon, but have quoted Frazerds post as being most relevant to what I have to say

Firstly it would be a real pity if this thread and the development of these ea's stopped now that MetaCoder has moved on

I long ago came to the conclusion trying to pick any trade direction based on applying analysis to the past is a futile exercise
The market is driven, pulled and pushed by so many diverse actions and consequences, some we cannot even be aware of, that 99.999% of the time it is totally random ( this is a personal belief so please don't start any dialogue about this )

Most seem determined to see some order in this chaos, creating all manner of mathematical formulas to produce exotic indicators that do no more than give a graphical interpretation of what can be seen on the charts .... chaotic random movement
No criticism here I have been there and still visit often !

I now rather ask myself why bother ... I will only see what I want to see and it is just as likely to be right as it is to be wrong ..... everything works, nothing works

So this and the basket14 thread immediately appeals to me as it is another twist in trying to use and profit from what the market does as a matter of consequence without having to flip the coin to decide if I buy or sell

I have been lurking in the background for a while now and have had Ph_AddSix_CL_TH_PS on various demo accounts, with the latest settings
MMTU @ 0.4
CLM @ 2
PP @ 1
Pip Step false

This latest test started out quite nicely ( as many of my tests have ) closing 7 baskets with minimal DD and margin use and only a small number of cut loss closures per basket ..... but currently is in a basket where it has 32 open trades and has so far had 23 cut loser closures. Margin has been as low as 310%, current balance is some 60% down, max floating DD 10%

As far as recovering from seemingly hopeless situations is concerned Frazerds demos have shown this is possible .... but these are ‘ don’t care what happens really ‘ demos ... in all honesty would anyone trading this in a live situation be able to sit, watch and let this happen ..... I doubt it, and other posts on this thread seem to confirm it

To use the broker’s auto margin closure as part of the strategy was I believe never intended or envisaged as even possible
As we know not all brokers treat margin calls the same way, so allowing margin to reach 100% and letting the broker close out biggest losing positions for us is not always an option
Having a broker close all losing positions at 100% margin is simply not a plan
In any event reaching the above situations would mean the trade has been allowed to get out of control and we would all likely be in intensive care !

But to use the ea as currently coded and intended the whole point is to let it run its course to reach an outcome .... bust or small profit ..... risking everything for a small gain in balance
The only absolute fact I have ever realised from the forex market ..... if you can imagine it, it will eventually happen, if you can’t imagine it , you are doomed before you start ! ...... leads me to say it is a certainty your account will go bust at some point with this/these ea’s in their current form

So why am I posting you ask ... to knock the ea’s ?
Absolutely not, quite the opposite
Because I am convinced this is the way to trade I would like to try and contribute in some way to improving the fantastic work already done
To try and help make this ea more palatable for live trading

For a live trading situation the question is what, when and how could something be done in terms of intervention to help ease the pain of the inevitable DD etc and how can it be coded

To continue to let a basket trade itself out to a profit and have some ‘ comfort ‘ ( huh ! ) so as not to panic and close a basket at loss, depends on maintaining sufficient balance, margin availability and of course having big balls !
It seems an obvious starting point is to better protect these areas ( especially your balls J ) at an earlier stage in the trade rather than wait for things to get out of control

My unworthy suggestions may follow if I feel brave enough, to be flamed as nonsense no doubt, but I am sure some of the more gifted strategists here have already given this a lot of thought .... so please share, so we can move forward, otherwise it is difficult to see any ‘ live ‘ future for this/these ea’s

Good trading to all

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Good post..Since coding help is no more available, any suggestions will be difficult to implement.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
I feared that may be the case

--- 帖子 #569 ---
I closed all orders manually because the situation became worse, more orders were closed with margin call, my balance was 50% loss(not included opened ordres) from my previous post....Totally I lost 70% of my balance....

--- 帖子 #570 ---
The number of orders were about 60, then mt4 started closing the worst orders.....

--- 帖子 #571 ---
I agree with the wish to "improve", and I will continue to make tests using many different parameters. The only way to understand more, to understand how to make these EAs more profitable (because it's already clear they are profitable), and/or less risky, is to test them as much as possible.

In my personal opinion, reading the results is a must for knowing how to reach the best personal setup. That's why I exhort you (all) to share the stats, even if negative.

Profitable day.

/achab

--- 帖子 #572 ---
I am testing phantom603b from the beginnig. All may test show that i will ALWAYS blow my accoun aventualy. So now i am trying new king of tests.

With defoult settigs my floatig dd didnt go under 25% for two months.

I am now testin if i could get enough profit (withdraw always when balance reaches 200%) from 3x defout setting befor the account blows.

The time will tell.

So far so good

Boki

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Taiyakixz

I assume and hope this is a demo account ?

Achab
I have only looked at the one version I mentioned previous, but I suspect all versions run with the same underlying strategy

Yes they will be profitable some of the time, even most of the time, but when it does eventually go against you big style it will kill you   ....   just look at Taiyakixz post

I believe you could test until hell freezes over, and some settings will seem to work better than others .... today, but tommorrow maybe not ... Until a change to the overall strategy is found that will limit the exposure, which is basically all or nothing as it stands, I can not see how anyone could trade this live

Be honest would you really dare trade this with your own hard earned money ?

But to even consider any tweaking a competent and willing coder is required, and it seems there no longer is one here

--- 帖子 #574 ---
real account

I have traded for more than 2 months, it is the first time to hit margin call....

If I closed all orders immediately, loss would be 30%-40%. But I left ea and closed the worst orders every time margin call. It caused more loss....

--- 帖子 #575 ---
oh crap

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Can I see the stats? Have you online statements to share with us?

Thanks in advance.

/achab

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Since one month I am testing some systems (around 25) and some of them (2) are also sending signals to ZuluTrade where I follow them in demo as well as in real.

The demo and real results are positive and I would like to make a new step, increasing the lots. But before I'd like to investigate why other accounts did blow up. I need more data for this, name and setting of the EA, initial balance, name and leverage of the account, etc.

Is someone is interested I can share more accounts for more results.

Nice weekend.

/achab

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Four basket closures in five days this week. See my settings in previous posts. You guys who are blowing accounts are trading too big of lots. I'm trading with 50:1 leverage and haven't blown up since I started this EA in early november. Of course my next basket could blow.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
it would be interesting to see the settings for blown up accounts. i agree slow and steady wins the race. start with very very low risk and when it reaches 100%, take out your original money and play with the free money.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
did anyone blow with the standard settings? .......

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Hi, Tooth, you used 0.4 for MMTU, right? so it is 0.004% of $40000, that is $160 for each position.  and that's approx. 0.06 lot (micro lot brokers).

en, that's pretty conservative. good to know for me.

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Its a shame that nobody is taking up running with this EA. It has a crystal clear concept that simply needs tweeking to address the DD problem.

A coder is urgently needed to (a) make 2 synthetically hedged sub-baskets out of the six pairs to get to PP quicker and (b) code a recovery system that comes into play when ONE particular pair contained in a sub-basket goes sufficiently against position so that it needs to be neutralized, ie, simply a 1:1.1 hedge and let the rest of the pairs within the sub-baskets continue their work to get us back to PP (or somewhere close to our last flat balance where we can manually intervene accept a small loss and live to fight another day)

Is there not a coder out there who can take on the challenge?

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Honestly I'm not seeing much need to "improve" on this system.  Perhaps so code cleanup and efficiency, but otherwise the system seems pretty solid, and my own tests so far have been positive.

I'm looking at the posts of people who are having problems with it and I have to wonder if greed and lack of patience is the real reason the system is failing for them.

Try running AddSix_02a with default settings and LOTS set to 0.01.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Yes, .4 MMTU  which gave me .08 standard lots at around $40000 and automatically bumped the lot size to .09 when balance reached around $44000. I'm using only the AddSix 02a EA. I even ran it hands off clear through the holiday chop. With these setting even at 50:1 leverage, I can withstand well over 100 trades in a basket. Have seen that twice. There's always the risk of that death basket though. Nicastro's ideas would require a lot more margin and being able to hedge. US citizens forget it.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
There are plenty of coders up to the challenge. However, programmers like detailed requirements. Supply details and you will probably get some interest.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
JCS,

Good post.. I have been testing different phantoms since around september. If I may, just a few suggestions for you I have found from my testing. You can take em or leave em its up to you.

MMTU- yours is fine. I use .5.

CLM- depends on leverage. For 50:1 I use 1.2., 100:1 use 2.0.

PP- 0.25- 0.5% (less profit on close yes, but quicker close, less DD)

Pip Step--Im up in air on this one.

"X" factor- I would never use these EA's without it. I see most people having trouble with these phantoms are NOT using it.

Pairs- I know this is not something that is discussed too much in these threads. I dont use the original pairs. I put together a 6 pair basket that is syntheticaly hedged but is also more correlated than the original 6 pairs.

Good luck on your testing.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
I wouldn't say us citizens forget it. You just move your money oversees. A lot of places do micro of micro accounts. that's a whole political discussion in itself.

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Thorn,

Can I ask what pairs you're trading? Why would you want more correlation? Are you talking about negative correlation? thanks

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Hello Toothman,

I have re-read your previous post and made some calculations too. Correct me if I made a mistake but this demo account gained 71 pips/day as average. It means more than 25,000 pips/year: is it right?

May the Gain be with you.

/achab

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Toothman,

I trade the following 6 pairs (Phantom 6_01x)

Longs: GBP/USD EUR/CAD EUR/GBP

shorts: EUR/USD EUR/AUD AUD/CAD

What I meant about correlation is the are + correlated, (ex: if EUR/Cad is moving up EUR/AUD probably is too) so if I have a EUR/AUD short and price starts to go up then I will start to get longs in EUR/Cad to balance the basket. Of course we now its not perfect and correlations can and do change at times. I didnt like the origanal pairs as there was some negative correlations which I felt just didnt work as well. I used mataf.com and looked mostly at the daily correlation chart to make my decision on pairs. EU/GU and EC/EA are very possitive, EG/AC not as much but still possitive and  enough to use to make the synthetic hedge.

My longest running phantom using these pairs is up 13.5% since 11/24/10.

Just about 2 months now. max DD is at 5.65%.

I also just started testing a 4 pair phantom using the same settings as the 6 pair. Using highy correlated pairs  eur/usd eur/cad aud/usd aud/cad. So far in 2 weeks its doing well (+ 4.5%) with max DD at 0.66%.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
That max. of 5.65% DD over the last 2 months is impressive. Please keep us posted and thanks for the explanation.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
oanda is offering MT4 on practice accounts, i will try this....

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Yes, that is awsome. I am going to set one up monday. Are you able to set up multiple mt4 sub accounts? I know on fxtrade you could have multiple demos running at once. That would be ideal for testing multiple ea's on one broker.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
i have created 2 sub-accounts and installed MT4 in 2 locations (same computer). i am planning to test AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS.  and Phantom6_01x with clm and your pairs.

i need to test the lotsize, they offer minimum 1000 units. i created sub-accounts with 3k account, this is good for mmtu 0.4, pp 0.5, 50:1 leverage.  i will trade 1000 units.

--- 帖子 #595 ---
I'm not counting pips which would be pretty difficult to figure out. The account has grown about 15% over the last two months. But that's over $6000 with a 40,000 account.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Current phantom Im testing with since 11/24/10. Feel free to change the settings. This one does not use pip step or trading hours. Since most brokers have high spread on aud/cad, eur/cad, eur/aud, Oanda should work out well with the lower spreads.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Thorn,

I understand the correlation aspect, but the ea itself picks the biggest winner of the three pairs on each side of the hedge. In a sense your picking three correlleated pairs (on the buy and sell side) to ensure a good basket ; but yet the pairs also have to be somewhat positive correlated within the group.? is that accurate.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
thanks thorn.

oanda has these spreads

eurcad 5 pips

euraud 4

audcad 4

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Something I noticed with the Phantom series of EA's.

They are designed to open the same number of lots in each pair, e.g. 0.25, regardless of the value of each trade.

I thought the idea was that if you had exactly one trade open in each pair then you should have a full synthetic hedge, i.e. nothing going anywhere regardless of market movement.

But with one lot of each pair, you won't get that; you need to adjust.

Hypothetical example.

Suppose you had one lot of EURUSD and one lot of the (non-existent) USDEUR.  Do those balance?  No, because one lot of the first is 100,000 euros which is 135,000 dollars, and one lot of the second is 100,000 dollars.

This extends to the three and up pair case.

I noticed that in running the EA's also if you consider phantoms in $ terms, then you get more GBPxxx trades simply because one lot of GBPxxx is "more money" than one lot of say USDxxx.  I thought that might not be intended either.

So my new EA (attached) recomputes the lotsize, adjusting it to be normalized to USD, e..g for a GBPxxx trade it divides the nominal lotsize by the value of GBPUSD, and similarly for EURxxx and CHFxxx trades.

When it gets a fractional lot size, e.g. 0.2541 but you can only trade to two digits, it uses a stochastic approximation.  E.g. if it wants 0.2541, it will actually use 0.25  (100-41)% of the time, and 0.26 41% of the time, using a random number generator.

Also I noticed that at some point the ability to restart the EA without resetting the phantoms (using truly global variables) was lost.  I reimplemented it again. The EA also reports in the comment block the time that the phantoms were last reset.  If you want to reset upon restarting the EA, then hit F3 and delete the global variable (it should be obvious from the name).

Because of the balancing this will obviously have different results than the traditional EA's, who knows if it is better or worse over time practically (maybe being GBP volatility trader is good!), but it seems that it is at least cleaner theoretically.

Because the typical lotsizes with balancing are a little smaller, I increased the default MMTU from 0.5 to 0.65.

please try it and report results.

Also it computes phantom PL in terms of basis points, i.e. a relative percent measure instead of $ terms.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Sunday spread at oanda are a little high I would bet by monday morning those will be .5 to 1 pip lower than that. At least thats what I have seen on fxtrade. Maybe mt4 spreads higher? Not sure about that.

Edit: just got my mt4 up and running, looks like spreads are same on both mt4 and fxtrade. And the three you quoted are already lower.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
MBK,

Interesting, I like it. Especialy the phantoms not being reset on terminal shutdown. Mostly because Im a dummy and "X" out my terminal instead of minimizing it sometimes.

Question on adjusting the lot size. Does it make much difference when trading very small lots like .01. I could see where it would work well with a larger account trading bigger lots. So as an example if the EA trades .03 lots of eur/usd, a gbp/usd might only be .02 lots. Am I seeing this right?

I trade with Oanda and I know when you trade a % of your account you get different unit amounts for each pair thats not usd based. But since mt4 limits you to 1k lot sizes how much difference will it make? It does make sense thou to get you closer to a true hedge. Ill throw it on and see how it does.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
[quote=mbkennel;4336883]Something I noticed .....

I thought the idea was that if you had exactly one trade open in each pair then you should have a full synthetic hedge, i.e. nothing going anywhere regardless of market movement.quote]

I think you are correct in that the original ea’s do not take into account the different $ values of the respective lots and therefore if you were trying to create a true hedged basket this would need to be the case
My understanding however is that the ea’s are not attempting to do this
A ‘ synthetic ‘ hedge is not a true hedged basket ( as I understand it )
MetaCoder has posted somewhere a description of a synthetic hedge

More importantly I believe is the fact we only trade the biggest winner from each hour and as we will have all seen that means we very rarely get equal numbers of open positions in each pair / supposed correlated pairs
So even if the respective $ values of each pair within the synthetic hedge are true hedged amounts it would suggest this is totally irrelevent within the basket we are actually trading as it will at no time be a true hedge in any event

As we add the biggest winner each hour we will again have all seen it is often the case for several hours in a row we are opening the same pair, which results in a basket that is in no way ‘ balanced ‘ and needs this pair ( or base currency ) to ‘pop’ and move enough to produce the required profit ... the basic idea behind the ea's
Often it is the case after being the biggest winner for many hours, but not getting the ‘ pop ‘ the particular pair turns around and tanks in the wrong direction for our basket
It is an extreme case of this, or a combination of pairs doing this, which will eventually result in the ‘ death ‘ basket

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Within the buy group or sell group, no they dont have to be correlated. Now they may be somewhat (eur/cad and eur/gbp in buy group), if euro is strong then both will probably being going up. What Im trying to do is counter balance any long trades with a short pair that moves the same direction as the long pair. And vice versa. I think the whole concept of the phantoms is to wait for a certain pair or two to make a big move and thats when you get your profit. when none of your pairs make any good moves thats when you get stuck with those 3-4 day baskets. Believe me I havnt found the perfect solution to trading these things, but the little adjustments here and there can make them worthwhile I think. When MC made these EA's he was creating a synthetic hedge of equal buys and sells of each currency. I just took it a little farther and looked at correlations. Also I didnt like trading gbp/chf and chf/jpy in the original 6, as to me they were just too choppy. But thats just my preference. There are alot of 6 pair combos you can use and still make a synthetic hedge.

To be honest, Im actually leaning more toward a 4 pair phantom now instead of 6. Im still in early stages of testing but looks good so far. I just started a new one on Oandas new mt4 platform. gotta love those lower spreads.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
thorn:

what's the link to oanda's new mt4? I can't find it on their website

--- 帖子 #605 ---
[quote=jcs;4336962]
I understand that.  But if you trade only once per hour, why should you be more affected by a GBPxxx trade at 9:00 than a USDxxx trade at 10:00?

To me it seems as though they should "count" equally.  My mod makes that happen, at least on average.

It's not completely irrelevant.

Also consider if you choose once-per-hour trades based on $ p&l it favors GBPxxx over USDxxx.  Is that desirable?

--- 帖子 #606 ---
[quote=mbkennel;4337050][quote=jcs;4336962]

I understand that. But  ..... quote]

I think my use of the word ' irrelevent ' was a bad choice

Having the pairs balanced in monetary value is very sensible  ...   all pairs being equal etc

What I was suggesting is that I don't think it will have much effect on the outcome of an ' unbalanced ' basket, which is what we always seem to have

--- 帖子 #607 ---
As I have said before, I believe the need to preserve margin availability is essential if we are to ensure we can continue to trade during the extended basket periods
This to me suggest we either stop adding biggest winners at some point .... not in the best interests of the basket
Or we remove ‘ redundant ‘ trades from the basket at some point
In a prolonged basket we will always reach a point where we have multiple trades of a same pair

What do I mean by ‘ redundant ‘ ?
I question the need to keep multiple open positions of the same pairs within the basket when they have not produced the ‘ pop ‘ at the time they were expected to ... ie when they were obviously the strongest pair

It has been said here previously that closing positions at some point may be the way to go, but the difficult part of this is which pair ( or pairs ), or combination of, would need to be closed so as not to disturb the ' balance ' of the basket
Well I do not think in the first place we ever have a ‘ balanced ‘ basket, so maybe this is not something to worry over
I also doubt it is in any way possible to answer which pair / pairs to cut as we simply do not know which of the pairs will eventually make the required move to close the basket, so again maybe this is something not to worry about

So my thoughts are ....... When we have at least 3 or more open trades of the same pair we close 2 of the positions, providing always of these 2 positions one is in loss and one is in profit and with a slightly higher profit ( to ensure we are always adding to the account balance )

This way the account balance always remains proportional but margin availability is replenished for adding further trades ( which in turn may again become ‘redundant’ in the future )
By only doing this when there are minimum 3 trades of the same pair open we ensure we keep at least one position of the pair to contribute to any potential ‘pop’
By doing this with every pair as the opportunity arises we should be able to keep the overall number of trades at any point in control and reduce the drawdown on the margin

As we can not always guarantee to get one losing and one winning trade in each of the pairs it is difficult to predict how this would pan out over the period of any basket

It obviously needs to be coded and tested

Any thoughts ?

--- 帖子 #608 ---
pl visit oanda forums, you will get the link and instructions. there is a great discussion on the platform issues.

in a nutshell, create a subaccount and while doing that go to advanced, check MT4 option. now down load the mt4 and login with username as account number and password.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Hi,

As requested here are some details: -

1) Keep Phantom Trades concept as it stands though if necessary substituting pairs on either the buy side or the sell side.

2) Construct one synthetically hedged sub-basket (Basket A) consisting of Buy   E/J, Sell U/J and Sell E/U.   At each 00 or 15, or 30 (at user’s option) past the hour trade the pair or pairs that are in profit provided the aggregate of the previous pairs are also in profit.  That is to say, with the X Factor as currently existing.

3) Construct a further synthetically hedged sub-basket (Basket B) consisting of  Buy G/U, Sell A/U and Sell G/A.   At each 00 or 15, or 30 (at user’s option) past the hour trade the pair or pairs that are in profit provided the aggregate of previous pairs are also in profit. Different hedged currency pairs could be the subject of Basket B at a user’s individual choice.

4) The Profit Pct setting (PP) in the EA applies to the entire basket. The entire basket consists of Basket A and Basket B. Close the entire basket once PP is reached.

5) MMTU applied, as currently existing, to each trade in either Basket A or Basket B, with option for there to be different MMTU for each sub-basket.

6) The idea is that by having 2 synthetically hedged sub-baskets within a larger entire basket we get to closure (ie PP) quicker without incurring extensive DD or the basket lingering on for extended periods.

7) There will invariably come a time when 1 pair in either sub basket will go seriously against us taking us further and further away from PP.

8) In this event, if the aggregate of any particular pair in Sub-Basket A should be at a loss equal to a user defined percentage of Last Flat Equity, then the EA is to enter a recovery trade at the ratio of 1:1.1 to freeze the loss and help us to PP when the retrace occurs as surely it will.   By way of example, if Sub- Basket  A has 3x Long E/J trades totalling 0.9 standard lots showing a combined loss of say 10% of Last Flat Equity, then the EA would enter an immediate Short E/J trade of 0.99 standard lots.

9) That will then arrest the decline to leave the other pairs in the 2 sub-baskets to do their work and take us to PP.

10)  Ditto as in 8 for any pair comprised within sub-basket B.

11) Only ONE PAIR in each sub-basket can be the subject of a recovery trade.

12)  We need to have user defined settings of when a recovery trade is to be implemented:-  eg

a) ONLY after   X no. of trades for any pair  AND
b) Once the currency pair exceeds  Y% of Last Flat Equity

13) If a recovery trade is in place, The EA is to allow the user to alter the PP to anything up to 0.01 (or even to a minus number) so that a user can close the current basket and hopefully move onwards and upwards.  Altering the PP, if manually, must not lead to a resetting of the phantoms.  The phantom re-setting problem does not occur if an alternate PP is set at the outset of a basket trade sequence.

14) Likewise, the user should be able to, in identical circumstances to13 above, alter the MMTU in the hope of quickly getting out of a dull basket.  Again, altering the MMTU, if manually, must not lead to a resetting of the phantoms.  The phantom re-setting problem does not occur if an alternate MMTU is set at the outset of a basket trade sequence.

15) The EA will also need to retain the current mods available, ie CL, TH, PS and of course the X Factor that so many are using in testing and live trading.

16)   While the basic concept works fine, and trades profitably in testing, there is still the lingering threat of a death basket.  Implementation of these ideas should prevent the death basket from ever occurring.

17) These ideas need to be forward tested  - all that is needed is a coder to code them……………..

I hope a coder can rise to the challenge

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Here are my results from a Phantom6_01.mq4 (from the 1st post) forward test from 12 Dec 10.

IBFX demo, standard account, 100:1 leverage (ea says 50:1???), $3,000 account opening

MMTU = 0.5

PP = 0.75

Max floating DD: -10.02%

Results: +29.56%

Statement attached.

Pretty amazing results, right? Interestingly I restarted my VPS every Sunday but it didn't seem to mess anything up.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Thanks, for your insight.

Also, very nice  ----The maxx. Looks good. Gives us all lot of ideas.....

...can anyone explain in laymens term what synthethic hedge means? (even after reading the thread from beginning..it is still confusing). It shows crossing off some pairs but doesn't really help me understand the logic why its set up this way. I think it means equal dollar value on each side of the trade of the pairs with similar lot sizes....

Also, I like the correlation response; this will help a lot in setting up different baskets to test. It makes sense but I think there is a little more to add to it somewhere. If you just correlate; than you may not be on equal value of trade so it could be out of balance.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
This is built on top of Phantom6_01X with TH, ST, CLM features.

I have Basket A and Basket B with symbols externalized (you can chose whatever you want, but make sureeach basket forms synth hedge)

Pl note we ALWAYS buy first symbol and sell next 2 symbols. This is true in both baskets. You cant have 2 buys and 1 sell. This is

fixed.

Whenever a pair has total loss more than RecoveryPct , this is percentage of last flat account balance, AND the number of trades is

more than TradeCountForRecovery, then recovery process kicks in. Now EA places opposite order for lotsize  equal to RecoveryLotRatio times the TradeCountForRecovery. Each basket can have its own recovery process, but is limited to only one pair in each basket.

If you dont want all this recovery process, simply set RecoveryTradeAllowed to false, then it acts like normal phantom EA

I havent tested this, i request Nicastro to forward test this first and post bugs here before everybody starts testing. I will try to fix bugs. There

is lot of code change, so bugs are expected

I also modified the code to handle changes to MMTU, PP at runtime, but not sure it works. pl test

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Thanks Roundrock.

This is great.

I have downloaded and will start testing. Will start tomorrow with first phantom set for 8.15GMT.

Acc. Size = 1140,

Margin 100:1

MMTU 2.1 for both,

PP of 0.8

Recovery PCT= 10%

Trade Count for Recovery= 5

Recovery Lot Ratio = 1.1

Phantom reset = 8Hrs

I will manually set Stop after no Trades to True after 3PM GMT

CLT = False

I will keep the tread posted on forward demo results.

--- 帖子 #614 ---
nicastro, one question

12) We need to have user defined settings of when a recovery trade is to be implemented:- eg

a) ONLY after X no. of trades for any pair AND
b) Once the currency pair exceeds Y% of Last Flat Equity

is it AND or OR ? What if the total loss exceeds the pct but the number of trades are less. then there will not be any recovery.  why do you need the AND condition here ?

--- 帖子 #615 ---
I decided to go live again with this EA and I love it when things work out like this. Two basket closures in a day and a half. $463 in the bank. Only 4 trades in the last basket , 8 in the first basket. My strategy is, since these EA's like volatility, I'm turning it off (and closing basket) if I'm in profit around noon on fridays and back on monday mornings.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Sorry for my question, but MaxMarginToUse set to 2.1 isn't too much?

/achab

--- 帖子 #617 ---
way too much, 0.3 to 0.5 is reasonable, but again it depends on the appetite for risk.

--- 帖子 #618 ---
By the way, I started a test with a demo account I already had (see attached picture). The online statements and stats can be reached here: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-phantom6_01xr/stats.

To see/load the current settings, just download the file named "phantom6_01xr-setup_01.set.tx".

/achab

--- 帖子 #619 ---
I also suggest a simple improvement to this EA: to open a log file in append for writing the date, time and the lowest margin.

It would be perfect to study the old tradings to optimize the personal TS.

I hope you agree with me.

Good evening.

/achab

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Good luck, Tooth,

so you used same setting as your demo account did?

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Yes, same settings. MMTU .4 and PP a little more than .5 ($220). Using separate EA to close trades when profit reached.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
It is probably better for it to be OR and have the number of trades set to a larger number - eg 13

A minor change to the EA please Roundrock

--- 帖子 #623 ---
The idea is to test the EA at the extremes and work inwards

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Ye,I agree - perhaps Roundrock could help on this

--- 帖子 #625 ---
here you go ....

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Thanks Roundrock  - you are a star.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Are you sure that limiting the number of trades in the basket is a good idea? My forward test from 12 Dec did spectacularly well, I didn't get any margin calls, but had baskets as high as 85 trades.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
whats yr account size ?

--- 帖子 #629 ---
IBFX demo, standard account, 50:1 leverage, $3,000 account opening

MMTU = 0.5

PP = 0.75

Max floating DD: -10.02%

Lowest margin: 141.96%

My statement from a few days back is here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...5&d=1295904237

If any of this looks like it will lead to high risk please let me know.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Hi Roundrock,

I am reporting on the first day's demo trading on the EA.

The EA was switched on to allow trading at 7.30 GMT.

The first basket opened at 8.15 GMT with a buy GU and a buy EJ. They were both the biggest phantoms at the time.

At 9.15GMT a further GU was added, but nothing from Sub-Basket A.

The basket closed at 9.23GMT having reached PP. My recollection is that on closure of the basket, the phantoms reset automatically - but please correct me if that is not so.

At 10.15GMT a new Basket was opened with a buy GU. At the time the AU phantom was also showing a profit - but an AU trade did not open.

No pairs were traded out of Sub-basket A - ordinarily I would expect one phantom to be in profit since the basket was reset, as I believe ,at the 9.23GMT basket closure.

At 11.15GMT a further GU trade was made as the biggest winning phantom. But again AU was not traded even though it was a winning phantom.

Again no pairs were traded out of Sub-basket A.

At 12.15 GMT - As expected no trades in GU as the 2 trades that had been placed were at the time showing a loss. GU was still the best performing phantom.  The AU phantom was also a winning phantom but no AU trade was placed.

Again, no trade out of Sub-basket A.

At 13.15 GMT - Again GU the best performing phantom, but the account was showing a loss on the 2 previous trades, therefore as expected no GU trade. But AU phantom was showing a profit - again no trade was made.

A sell EU trade was entered.

At 14.15 GMT a further sell EU trade was entered. Again the 2 GU trades were still in a loss situation and so no GU trade.  But AU phantom was showing a profit, but again no trade was made.

At 14.16 GMT, Stop after no trades was changed to True, PP was reduced to 0.2 and MMTU was reduced to 1.3. All these changes appeared not to have reset the phantoms.

I attach a screenshot as of 14.16 GMT. Note that the market watch clock is GMT +1.

It seems to me that the performance of the EA can be enhanced by:-

a) placing trades for a particulat pair provided it is a winner since the phantoms were set, not just being the biggest winner (and provided all previous trades in the pair are in profit). During the course of the day, opportunities were missed in that the EA was not trading the AU pair while it was in profit. These missed opportunities would very likely have resulted in lost basket closures.

b) Conceivably, up to 2 trades in each sub-basket must be allowed to be entered at the designated minute past the hour provided of course they are winning phantoms and the total of all previous trades in the particular pair are in profit. It does not look as if the EA is allowing more than 1 trade out of each sub-basket at a time.

c) Again, can the Phantoms be reset once PP is reached so that the EA can work on the most proximate price information.

d) The screen feedback is a little confusing. Could it be altered to show the true direction of trading - ie that we only trade long GU and EJ pairs  and trade short the other pairs.

Roundrock, can you please see if you can incorporate the above suggested enhancements. I think we will be pleasantly surprised as to how quick we can reach basket closure with these changes.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
if at 141.96% is the moment you reach Max DD -10%, then it should be ok, in my opinion.

your profit is pretty larger than max DD, even if margin call close all positions, your loss will be limited.

--- 帖子 #632 ---
right now it adds the biggest phantom winner provided all its trades are in profits. do you want this to be changed to add ALL phantom winners provided all their trades are in profit ?

i modified the EA to add ALL winning phantoms provided all their prev trades are in profit. i modified the screen comments

regarding resetting phantoms after PP, i checked the code it does call reset. pl check again

--- 帖子 #633 ---
In this case you should know I am testing Phantom6_01a with these settings (among others):

MMTU = 0.5

PP = 5.000 (yes, 5%)

Starting balance: $10,000

Use lots: 0.10

Actually it shows:

Max floating DD: -6.70%

Lowest margin: 241,98%

Last Flat Balance: 12,257.44

Open Buys: 10

Open Sells: 18

It is working since 8 days only and it reached a prospectic monthly return of +103.9%, while I am writing.

Here it is the live statement: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-base2b5000/stats

I am also testing (with others same settings) PP = 4.000, 3.000, 2.000, 1.500, 1.250, 1.000, 0.750, 0.500, 0.375, 0.250, 0.200, 0.150, 0.100, 0.050, 0.010 and 0.005.

For the other statements just substitute the last for digits (i. e. "5000" with "1250").

/achab

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Quick question Achab - what is your logic in choosing Phantom6_01a over Phantom6_01? How does the 8 hour reset affect performance?

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Thanks Roundrock.

That is precisely what I wanted.

I have downloaded the amended EA and will start demo trading tomorrow at London Open. I only propose trading during the most active period and thus close down by 15.00 GMT.

I willcheck again on the resetting of phantoms point tomorrow.

The EA closed its second basket today at 14.48 GMT.

Thanks for all your efforts and the timely response.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
can you mention the settings ? account size, mmtu, pp. you forgot to attach the screenshot in earlier post

i also like to trade during EU and close it. dont want it 24x5.  so you got 2 pops today ?

--- 帖子 #637 ---
As first, it's affection, because of many test I already did. Second, even if more risky, it seems to me that the "01a" version is more "profitable" than 1x and 2a, in the sense that it gains more money, averagely.

I also noticed, tell me if I am wrong, that the 2a is safer (less DD) even if "less profitable". That's why I started with testing the 2a and it will be the one I'll use for real trade soon.

Another reason I am still testing the 1a: I am waiting to see when, why and how it will blow up. In fact, after Sunday, I'll change the one that has PP = 0.005 with PP = 9.999, mantaining the MMTU = 0.5.

/achab

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Achab - sound logic! Thanks!

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Hi Roundrock,

These are the settings:-

Acc. Size = 1140 -since increased to 1153.17 ,

Margin 100:1

MMTU 2.1 for both,

PP of 0.8

Recovery PCT= 10%

Trade Count for Recovery= 8

Recovery Lot Ratio = 1.1

Phantom reset = 8Hrs as default

I will manually set Stop after no Trades to True after 3PM GMT

CLT = False

Yes, I had 2 closures today - but the second basket closure came about after I had reduced the ProfitPct to 0.2 to see if user changes worked while a basket was operating.  The changes were actioned!

--- 帖子 #640 ---
My test is running here, if interested: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-phantom6_01xr

Unfotunately there are some differences with open lots (0.10 old, 0.40 new), because I changed the settings while the EA was running. Let's see if it will recover the unusual situation.

New settings:

Acc. Size = 10000,

Margin 200:1

MMTU 2.1 for both,

PP of 0.8

Recovery PCT= 10%

Trade Count for Recovery= 5

Recovery Lot Ratio = 1.1

Phantom reset = 8Hrs

CLT = False

I will leave the EA goes on.

/achab

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Hi Roundrock,

I downloaded the latest version of the EA submitted with your post above, but it failed to take trades at both 8.15 GMT and 9.15 GMT even thhough in both cases there were positive phantoms for AU,EU and EJ

There was a smiley face showing et all - there was no reason why it should not trade, other EAs on different demo's traded perfectly.

Could you please have a look at the code inside and see what the problem is

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #642 ---
After loading new version on the existing demo I was having problems with on screen display figures  ...  wrong last flat equity and equity target, and seemed to be getting no trades

I had deleted all globals before loading new version

I then opened a new account and everything works fine

Has closed 2 baskets since 8:15 and one in progress

There may of course be some underlying issue when reloading an update / new version onto an existing account, which will be a problem when using with live accounts

--- 帖子 #643 ---
False alarm, Roundrock

The EA traded each of the 3 pairs at 10.15 GMT

I dont know what happened there - but away we are off and running for today

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Good to see that the EA is closing so quickly

My EA is now up and running without any form of intervention.

What happened previously, I do not know - but anyway lets see what the day brings

--- 帖子 #645 ---
First closed in 15 minutes

Second in 16 minutes

Now third has closed in 39 minutes

1% profit target

Can't wait to see what happens when it goes the other way

EDIT ... Oops, Forgot to mention I have it on a 500:1 leverage account !

Just for Info

I opened an Alpari UK demo account for this and set leverage at 100:1 in new account info, loaded and just let it run, never even noticed at the time but it has opened at 500:1

When I check with Alpari UK site it seems all their demo accounts default to 500:1 regardless of what you apply for    ....      Nice !

Back to IBFX

--- 帖子 #646 ---
an issue with "_addsix_02a":

geez these names......

seemingly most ppl trade "_01a" or "_01x" except Toothman

just want to remind those who use "_addsix_02a" of a potential problem(perhaps).

the EA will only add more positions if this pair is the best performer among 14 phantoms since last resetting.

this will lead to a situation that if you've already placed quite a few positions on a pair, and this pair is now trending fiercely, all positions of this pair are in profit, but, but, but, because it is 2nd best performer of 14 phantoms, the EA will NOT add more positions for this pair.

i observed this today, and think i might prefer adding more positions here if all previous pos are in positive side.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Hi Roundrock

Reporting back on the day's events as follows:-

EA for some reason did not trade at 8.15 or 9.15 GMT

First basket opened at 10.15. Basket closed at PP at 11.50 GMT.The phantoms duly reset.

Second Basket opened at 12.15 GMT. It is currently open with 4 Long and 5 Short trades. The EA adds to positions as required.

Largest Floating loss $35

DD -2.94%

Current margin 370.6%

Lowest margin 370.12%

PP 0.8

MMTU 2.1

Leverage 100:1

--- 帖子 #648 ---
This is great. I suggest you dont go into the slower US PM session and most definately avoid Tokyo.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
at 8:15, 9:15 is it possible that there is no phantom winner. may be all are losers. it matters when its doing the check ... on the minute, for 60 sec, if during this 60 sec window there is no phantom winner then no trade will be placed.

even though we have negatively corelated pairs, we may have this situation for a 60 sec window.

just a guess..

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Not quite sure what to make of this yet

As you know I did not run this on a 500:1 leverage account intentionally

But, as of now it has closed 8 baskets in as many hours and booked 10% profit

Appreciate the advise, but I am going to let it run 24/5

I just want to see what happens, having never run an account with more than 100:1 leverage before

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Roundrock,

I was eyeballing at 8.15 and 9.15.

AU,EU and EJ were phantoms on each occasion

The problem is over now.  I'll eyeball again tomorrow and report.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Hi,

Please report back on what happens.  Particularly on the recovery front.

Can you please reduce the Trdae Count for Recovery to 3 trades so that we can see how it works over the slower periods.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
OK, have just set " max no of losing trades to place recovery trade " @ 3

--- 帖子 #654 ---
My addsix_2a after testing for morethan two months, went into big floating loss. More than 20 %.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
What are your parameters? default?

But max 20% for 2 months looks not so bad....far from margin call....

--- 帖子 #656 ---
jcs, could you post all of the settings you are using on the 500:1 account? I'm going to put this one on a Tadawul 500:1 demo and see how it works out there. Alpari UK is not accepting US clients, but Tadawul is.

EDIT: BTW, I have been monitoring these latest mods and they look very promising. Thanks to Nicastro and jcs for the great ideas and to roundrock for the coding.

--- 帖子 #657 ---
I can hope 10 % DD is recoverable, but 20 % ? Infact 26 %. It was a 5000 $ demo and it made 12 closures each 50 $. Then this problem. If it is a live a/c i will have a sleepless nights.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
No closures whilst I have been asleep

Rather than try to explain what did or did not happen I attach a screenshot of the open trades at this time

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #659 ---
[quote=frazerd;4351025]jcs, could you post all of the settings you are using on the 500:1 account?  quote]

Phanton6_01xR ( post 663 )

Standard 500:1 account

As defualt except following :-

Phantom check minute 15

Recovery % 10

Trade count for recovery 8 ( set to 3 overnight as requested by Nicastro )

Cut loser false

MMTU basket A 2

MMTU basket B 2

Profit % 1

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Roundrock

Can Nicastro’s suggestion on restricting the hours when new trades are allowed to be opened be automated please
With ‘ StopAfterNoTrades ‘ set to true can we have additional user parameters to set hours to stop and start this feature and also to reduce the ProfitPct during these hours

Thanks

--- 帖子 #661 ---
I apologize for the silly question, but the thread has gotten quite large.

Yes I have tried to read through much of it, but I still can't figure out what is the "X factor" which distinguishes the various versions with "X" from those without.

As one might guess, the name is not descriptive.

Can somebody describe it concretely?

many thanks

--- 帖子 #662 ---
for 3500$ account lotsize 0.33 is very very aggressive

i wouldnt recommend more than 0.05

--- 帖子 #663 ---
I believe the name came from a mod added to a phantom06 EA and the "x" was just used to identify the mod ie, phantom6_01x.

What the x factor is: The EA will not take a trade unless any other open trades for that pair are already in profit.

If you look in the "add to winning trades" section of the EA and you see the line AllSymbolTradesInProfit then it has the "x" factor.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Agree entirely, but just following Nicastro's theme of testing extremes first   ...   and of course the 500:1 was not expected when I first set the parameters

--- 帖子 #665 ---
following Thorn's accurate explanation, "PipStep" was introduced after this "X" factor, so that all the current positions of a pair have to be more than "PipStep" (an integer of pips) of floating profit before the EA can place another new position.

my experiences (2 months) gives me a feeling that "X" is definitely needed, "PipStep" enables you to quantify the risk appetite.  However, "PipStep" should not be too large.  6~10 pips (4 digit broker) seems a good range.

finally, my personal feeling is that Addsix_02a is best(safer) version. but its entry logic needs some revision.

the original entry is: if a pair is best pair of 7 buy (or sell) phantoms;

my suggested change is: if a pair is ( best of 7 phantoms AND all previous pos of this pair in positive )

it should reduce DD, more importantly, reduce exposure.

just FYI.

i know this seems weird, but a coder can understand it...

--- 帖子 #666 ---
AddSix 2ax  is also coded but not tested by anyone extensively.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
If you look at the screenshot of my current 500:1 basket, it is sorted by symbol to make it easy to see how many trades there are in each pair
( because recovery is set to true for testing here there are a couple of hedge trades in there )
I know this is an extreme test as far as MMTU etc, but just ignore that here and concentrate on the pairs and Margin

the Margin Level is at 175%
I will get a margin call at 100% and with this broker ( Alpari UK ) they will close ALL my losing trades .... not the best broker to run this ea with
OK, if this happens I will not lose the whole account, just all profits and a slice of balance

As it is now the Balance is fine, Equity is not dangerously depleted, Free Margin is available .... overall account is not yet in any real danger , EXCEPT because of the Margin Level %
I have said before I believe to make these ea’s safer and prolong the amount of time we have for it to do it’s thing we need to preserve the margin % level ( my original post 567 )

There are only 17 trades open ( discount hedge trades ), I think we have all experienced baskets with 30,40,and many more in play at any one time
Even with this small amount of trades there are open positions in all the 6 pairs, more in some than others

Firstly, do we need all these trades to produce the reletively small ‘ pop’ we need to reach the profit target ?
Many of the basket we close do so with only a small number of trades
If you look at the trades with the same symbol pairs there are instances where there is a profit and a loss trade
If you look at all trades there are more instances of one in profit and another in loss

If we agree we don’t need 30 or 40 trades to get the ‘pop’ why not reduce them when there is opportunity .... cut 2 trades when one is in profit and one in loss, ensuring a slightly higher profit, so we are always adding to the balance
I had thought originally cutting from the same symbol made sense, but having watched how this would work I now think there will be far more opportunities if we cut from any pair symbol

This way the account balance always remains proportional and increases slightly but Margin Level is replenished to ensure we do not get the margin call and ensure we have margin for adding further biggest winning trades which because they are currently strong we expect to contribute most towards the ‘ pop ‘
If they don’t they may become trades to cut at a later stage

An optimum overall number of trades open, or some other controlling factor, to determine when cutting should start will have to be found and likely other factors such as how many trades from each pair symbol need to be open before cutting etc etc

I know there are people on this forum with far more analytical and strategic skill than me ....... I would ask they consider this seriously and suggest a way this may be coded

I can’t get away from the fact the Margin Level has to be protected
If someone can give me a good reason why this does not make sense or the logic is flawed I will forget it immediately

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #668 ---
The last basket has just closed, with a 18 $ loss ? ..... EDIT This may well be due to movement in price during time period needed to close all trades, at this lot level it only needs a few pips iether way to make a big difference ... is there no way to close out trades quicker, or is this just another MT4 limitation ?

I attach screenshot of closed trades so you may analyse

Nicastro .... Has this done what you intended ?

Please let us have your analysis

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Roundrock,

I think his should be implemented. Howerver, the existing basket should be allowed to add further trades. When PP is reached, no new basket is to be openend until after the trade window opens again.

One other point, when I opened the terminal this AM I noticed that the EA immediately opened a second recoverry trade for EU. A recovery trade was already in place for the pair from the previous day.

Can you please alter the code so that:-

1) Only ONE recovery trade can ever be open for any particular pair

2) ALL PAIRS are capable of having ONE recovery trade open.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
I thought that "SetLotSize()" in the code automatically set the lotsize and it wasn't changeable? Have I missed something? I thought it would automatically increase your lotsize as the account grew?

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Lot size is set automatically dependent upon MMTU settings and increase as the account balance increases

I was using very aggressive MMTU ( 2 ) in this test, so it set large ( relative ) lot sizes

--- 帖子 #672 ---
MetaCoder says that "broker's servers do not respond to trading actions that are programatically requested more than once per second"

Here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2020

--- 帖子 #673 ---
That makes perfect sense thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
[quote=jcs;4351841]The last basket has just closed,

Nicastro .... Has this done what you intended ?

Please let us have your analysis [quote]

Nicastro

Did the ea work as expected regarding recovery ?

Is there any analytical reason you set recovery trades at 8 or is this just a starting point, just curious

--- 帖子 #675 ---
[quote=jcs;4352474][quote=jcs;4351841]The last basket has just closed,

Nicastro .... Has this done what you intended ?

Please let us have your analysis

Hi JCS

You raise valid points that i willdeal with fully over the week-end

--- 帖子 #676 ---
You could use the AddSix 03bx EA to do that. Just turn off the pip step and close biggest loser features and I think you'll have what you want.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
I thank you for the full clarification.

I can also add that there are different versions, such as the "Close Loser" (CL), the "Trading Hours" (TH) and the "Pip Step" (PS). The first closes "any loser trade that exceeds -CloseLoserMultiplier (CLM)*Dollar Profit Target", the second is used in the case you want to limitate the trading hours and the third "only open new trades of the same pair if it is PipStep pips above the last trade of that pair", as already written here from "frazerd".

On this page (http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4237873) it's possible to find, among others, the "2ax" version and the "3ax" too (talking about the "X" factor).
Now, my question is: what is(are) the difference(s) between the "2ax" and "3ax" version?

Thanks in advance to whom will clarify this to me.

/achab

P.S.: Since yesterday evening I started to stress the "2a" version of the EA. This is the setting:

ResetHourInterval=8

UserTradingAllowed=1

StopAfterNoTrades=0

UseSmallestLot=0

MaxMarginToUse=3.00000000

Lots=15.00000000

ProfitPct=2.50000000

MaxMiniProfit=1000.00000000

MaxStdProfit=10000.00000000

MagicNumber=1001033

It's closing the baskets (3) in 5-6 hours. Amazing results that can be reached here: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab3/stats.

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Hi All,

Reporting on 28 Jan 11.

Account No 1
Largest Floating loss $138  [Edit: and I expect this to drift out to market closure]
DD -11.2%
Current margin 231%
Lowest margin 228%
PP 0.8
MMTU 2.1
Leverage 100:1

Trades Open = 17
Basket opened: 12.15 GMT on 27/01/11
Basket Still Open – and will remain so to market close (unless it reaches PP in the meantime) so we can see how it handles the open on Sunday night.
Stop After no Trades switched to TRUE at 12.00 GMT

Given what JCS was reporting, I put another instance of the EA on an old Alpari demo Account. Account no.2 details as follows:-

Account No 2
Leverage 500:1
PP 0.8
MMTU 2.1
Trades opened: 10
1 Basket opened 8.15 GMT and closed at 11.32 GMT
Stop After no Trades switched to TRUE at 12.00 GMT therefore no more trades on this account till Monday.
For some reason the EA does not show Largest Floating Loss or , Floating DD. It reports the lowests Margin at 502%

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Looks fine so far achab. At this pace it will beat any type of return available elsewhere.

Lets see how it continues to perform

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Thanks for the praise FraserD. We will need a multiparty effort to bring these improvements to a successful  conclusion. All contributions are welcome!

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Don't for get that even the base version of this system is very profitable. I'm up 35% on demo since Dec 12 on Phantom6_01.mq4 from the first post.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Just as I thought - nothing but drift and DD over the slow periods.  It is much better to be out of the market altogether

Ideally, we should aim to be in a position where we have closed the last basket during the US morning session and then wait for the London open to start again.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
What you are suggesting is what some traders are doing manually. i dont think anyone has yeat tried to codify such an approach.

Why dont we solve the problem by trading only sub-basket A or sub-basket B, with trade count for recovery set to 3 and recovery lot ratio set to 0.95.

In that way, if you are only trading say sub-basket A, only 2 pairs will ever ever need to use recovery (due to the correlation inherent in the sub-baskets see e.g. EU and EY).

So that makes 8 trades (3 trades plus 1 recovery trade for each of the 2 non -ve correlated pairs).  Add to that 1 or at max 2 trades taken by the 3rd pair in the sub-basket.  You thus have at max 10 trades in a perfect synthetically hedged basket waiting for 1 or more of the pairs to break and lead you to a pop of the basket.

Under these circumstance, I envisage that the basket will pop by the time it gets to 15 trades.

Would that solve the margin problem?

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Hi,Achab:

Thanks for your insights and trading reports! Great Job!

2ax = addsix_2a + add more pos for a pair only when previous pos are positive.

and you also know addsix_2a reset all phantoms every 8 hours (by default in external setting)

that's the difference, imho, from 3ax that does not reset every X hours.

the coder who edited all versions of 3x, 3ax, or 3bx used the entry logic pretty distant from MC's original, so use them very cautious, I'm not quite sure what those 3... versions aim at.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
I uploaded the AddSix_02ax some time ago on this thread and I have been running it on a demo since 29 Nov. I also am using the CL option on that demo. It is not the best performing AddSix EA among my demos. AddSix_01x_CL has produced almost 3 times as much profit over the same time period. I am running 5 AddSix demos, each has its own tab in the attached spreadsheet.

There is a lot of difference in how the EAs perform for various individuals. The one that works best for me is not always the one that works best for someone else. As I have stated before, it depends a lot on when you start the EA. No one has figured out why or what the best time is to start them. For some unknown reason the start time will either put you into a favorable cycle with the EA closing baskets often or someone who starts his just a few minutes earlier or later gets into a unfavorable cycle. I wish we could come up with the solution to entry timing. I think it is a big factor affecting performance.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Thanks to you and Thorn for the great info!

Looking at the code of the one I hacked on (it has the "BAL"/balanced lot size mod), it appeared that using PipStep overrode the "All Trades Must Be In Profit" criterion, i.e. if you have pipstep on, then only that mattered, and the profit-trade criterion was ignored.

Was that intentional?

--- 帖子 #687 ---
MB, I looked into your code, as usual, the pipstep is considered in "allsymboltradesinprofit()", so that means "all trades in profit of 'pipstep' pips".

yes, that's right, if pipstep is switched on, 'pipstep' will decide how much profit is the criteria.

in fact, i coded it in a natural way, i feel.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
For sure it would reduce margin use, because we are trading less pairs and of course using the recovery which is another new feature
Sounds like a totally different strategy, which may or may not work, but not really what I was looking to achieve here

The balance of the 6 phantom pairs obviously works well overall, all are reporting profitable closed baskets. It is only on the extended baskets with many open trades do we get in trouble, as much with our own emotions of fear and panic as with the large DD and reducing margin level and looming possible margin call ... it is this I am trying to find a way to avoid/reduce

Less open trades equals less margin use
The CutLoser strategy goes some way to reduce the number of trades, but it also reduces the balance/equity and hence requires a larger pop to recover these closed losses
I was looking to keep the balance/equity stable throughout the basket so we only ever need the same sized pop to close a basket and to do this we need to close both a profit trade and a loss trade equally

I too have recently been doing this manually, once margin level has reached 250% I have been looking to cut the 2 trades. This 250% level still leaves a good number of trades in the basket to look for the pop.
A larger or smaller level may in time prove to be better
My choice of which trades to close is fairly random and has no real logic applied to it, I try to close pairs that have multiple open positions if possible so as not to remove any pair from the basket totally

My baskets are still closing successfully
Are they closing any better, or quicker than those left without any manual intervention ? ..... I have no idea I think I need to set up a test on this
BUT ...... I am not constantly in fear of the margin call and feel more in control of the situation ( this may of course just be an illusion )

The question I am now looking to find an answer to is which pairs is it most beneficial to close ? If I close a EURUSD in profit which pair would be best to close in loss, if I close a EURJPY in profit which pair to close in loss etc etc ( or does it even matter )

Do you or anyone else have any thoughts on this

--- 帖子 #689 ---
I was missing your regular xls sheets for quite sometime.It is so helpful.

About timing factor, I have a feeling that, using Pipstep alone (say 25 ) and doing away with additions based on timing could be one  solution.

Whenever there is sudden change in direction of a pair, there is no way we can catch the move early, and it hurts in the present scenario with any  single pair has many positions open in one direction. So we enter whenever there is movement in terms of pips rather that wait for fixed period to lapse.

I don't know whether this goes against the principle of hedging.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Hi JCS

Your edit answers your query. I know of this problem. We will need in time to speeden up the Close All function if we can.

On looking at the screenshot, I noticed what looked like 2 recovery trades for both GU and EY. There should only have been 1 recovery trade entered for each pair.

Could I please ask Roundrock to look at the code again

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Interestingly only 2 of the trades in the basket would have been opened if StopAfterNoTrades had been set to true at the times you suggested

So looks a good idea and I hope Roundrock can introduce this into the ea as we have requested

As far as waiting for London to open before turning it back to false I think I would do this a few hours earlier, so I have some trades in the basket and ready to move at the London open as there is often a move at that time

--- 帖子 #692 ---
It's performing very well:

P/L: +674.20

Floating loss: -418.20

Actual balance: +256.00

Monthly return: +40.9%

Next Friday I'll post the new complete results (available here: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-phantom6_01xr).

--- 帖子 #693 ---
So, after reading a lot here and your last answer, do you suggest me to use the version "2ax" because of the importance of "X" factor?

/achab

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Another difference is what Provider is using. In fact, I am testing many different Brokers and, even if the demos are identical and the EA started in the same time (well, same minute), the results are always different.

I am studying which provider is more profitable and the final result will be one of the reasons to make a choice where to open a live account.

Suddenly, can you confirm me that Phantom_AddSix_02a works only with floating platforms (and doesn't work is the trading platform uses fix spread)?

Nice weekend.

/achab

--- 帖子 #695 ---
here you go .....

the start, finish hours are as per your broker times

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Thank you    .....    EDIT   ...      there is no parameter to change the Profit % when StopAfterNoTrades is set to true  ..   can we have one please

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Thanks roundrock! awesome programming...stupid question.... but I am assuming that a recovery trade is an attachable ea that we should use in addition to the phantom that is already running that has gotten in trouble from market conditions?

--- 帖子 #698 ---
yes,  i have traded LIVE using versions that DO NOT reset for every X hours.  unfortunately, the performance is much worse than Addsix_02a which resets every 8 hours.

so i think, reset is important,

then, "X" factor is also important, it is apparently wrong(imho) to open positions when previous pos are negative.  but "pipstep" allow you to quantify exactly how much price distance for each added position, instead of "X" factor that only requires " > 0 ".  my own feeling is pipstep is great to be 6~10 pips. that is, all previous pos have more than 6~10 pips floating profit.

so, reset, plus X factor (or pipstep), it is 2ax, then.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
results will be definitely different, even if two identical trades on one same broker.

MT4, now i believe is designed to be flawed in real-time trading.

server pause, your home internet, EA hold off, broker manual backstage pause (one person pause your entries for 5 secs, don't be surprised)...... all these factors make your LIVE trading a stochastic performance that will be unique.

but one thing i'm sure is that the more reputable/honest the broker is, the easier this EA will trade.

This EA is waiting for "big moments", that's the basic truth.  if your capital is sufficient to sustain till that moment, you'll win.  if your broker plays dirty tricks so that you missed that moment, you have to make sure your capital is sufficient to sustain till another "that moment".  that's why, an honest broker is more important.

it seems not quite related with ECN or market makers those crap...

just cheap 1 cent...

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Thanks Charvo.  After your message checked the code more carefully and realized that when the pipstep is on, it also implies that all trades must be in profit.  I was confused by the 'else', but

Inserted Code       if (UsePipStep)
{
if (OrderType() == OP_BUY && (MarketInfo(OrderSymbol(), MODE_BID) - OrderOpenPrice())  < PipStep * MarketInfo(OrderSymbol(), MODE_POINT)) return(false);
if (OrderType() == OP_SELL && (OrderOpenPrice() - MarketInfo(OrderSymbol(), MODE_ASK)) < PipStep * MarketInfo(OrderSymbol(), MODE_POINT)) return(false);
}
else
{
if (OrderProfit() <= 0.0) return(false);
}
does it properly.

Onto my ideas. I have some ideas which I wonder may be worth exploring:

Idea A:

how to deal with re-setting profit targets when it executes a "cut-loser'.  I have a different concept: use just the basket profit (open trades on the EA's magic number) to decide upon closing, not a global variable of last flat equity plus some amount.   Without the cut-losers and no other trades on the account, it should be equivalent, right?  (Correct me if my understanding is wrong).

If we are doing basket take-profits on the outstanding open balance, then it means that if we cut a loser, we would then have to add the value of that loser to the required balance profit to execute a take-profit.

The general problem is that after some losers, the EA requires an ever more distant profit target to close, and this can mean ever more risk, or with the x-factor/pipstep turned on, a freezup as all symbols go into loserdom and nothing changes.  My suggestion is then to add only some fraction smaller than one of the "cut loser amount" to the required basket profit to close.

In implementation we may have two variables, one the base required basket profit, and the additional needed on account of cut-losers. Furthermore, one may want to limit the total required profit to be some multiple (3?) of the base, e.g.  (symbolically)

NetBasketProfitNeeded = MathMin( BaseBasketProfit + AdditinonalBasketProfit, SomeMultiple*BaseBasketProfit);

The idea is to keep the EA grinding and working, even if it means butching up and taking some losses.

Idea B:

Cutting losers based on some kind of fast moving average/filter (Hull MA?) instead of just the price.  Maybe a quick spike down shouldn't mean that you need to cut a loser instantaneously.

Idea C:

Making sure only one trade gets placed per hour.  There can be some cases when this doesn't quite happen.  I've seen it in my demo and usually it ends poorly.  If two trades are 'nearly equal' in P&L and both have some chance to happen in the first minute, then they're probably short term correlated---and by murphy's law, they seem to lose together.

This would be easy to accomplish with a persistent 'datetime' global variable which stores the time of the last successful trade.  If it is less than say 50 minutes ago, then don't open any new trades.

I of course still advocate using my balanced basket mod (or at least trying it), it doesn't seem theoretically sound to me without it.

Also, I wouldn't go by demo profits---it's irrelevant without knowing how much risk was taken to get it.  If you need a single number in a nutshell, I prefer profit factor---always making sure to add in p's and l's from open trades (very important!).  Sum up all profits (including opens) divided by all losses (including opens).  It doesn't consider ordering, but otherwise it's reasonably reliable summary statistic.

Thoughts? Likes? discussions? problems?

cheers

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Hi Roundrock,

Once again, thanks for all your efforts.

In the screenshot posted by JCS, I saw 2 Recovery trades being placed for 2 different pairs.

Can you please alter the EA so that only ONE Recovery Trade can be entered for any one pair?

In closely monitoring the performance of the EA, I see that the basket is filling up too quickly and as a consequence is providing its own drag to closure.

To reduce this drag, can you please code into the EA the following variable settings for a user to input the appropriate value/response:-

a) Trade  Sub-basket A  - Yes/No – Depending on the response the EA will act accordingly
For Sub-Basket A
(i) Trade BIGGEST Winning Phantom only – Y/N
(ii) Trade ALL Winning Phantoms – Y/N

b) Trade  Sub-basket B  - Yes/No – Depending on the response the EA will act accordingly.
For Sub-basket B
(i) Trade BIGGEST Winning Phantom only – Y/N
(ii) Trade ALL Winning Phantoms – Y/N

c) MMTU if Recovery Trades have been placed
d) ProfitPct if Recovery trades have been placed
e) MMTU after FinishHour
f) ProfitPct after FinishHour

(if the user does not insert a different value then the EA accepts the original values set as the default value for these variable settings)

I see that at post 696 start hour and finish hour variables were added to the EA. Thank you very much for this.
Two questions,
1) Once finish hour is reached, I take it that no new baskets are opened until the first PhantonCheckMinute following  StartHour.  Is this correct?
2) Does the EA continue to add trades beyond the FinishHour until the existing basket is closed? This is what is required to keep the logic of the basket coherent.

It has been reported throughout the thread that the time that a basket opens has a bearing on the performance of a basket. The reason is yet to be ascertained. One way of shedding light on this could be by having rules that determine when the phantoms are reset.

So, my suggestion is that:-
1) The Phantoms must reset once a basket is closed – as the EA currently does. AND
2) If there is no basket open, then the Phantoms MUST reset at StartHour.
3) For the present I have put a stratospheric number in the ResetHourInterval variable, eg 8888888

Roundrock, can you please have a look at the code and make any changes that may be necessary to allow a resetting of the phantoms at StartHour IF there is no basket open at that time.

Your help please Roundrock in coding all of these improvements to the EA which I believe will benefit all of us at FF.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
jcs,

When you say you're closing  the two "trades" manually, do you mean you're closing two individual trades or are you closing all the open trades for those two pairs? I've looked at maybe closing pairs that are in profit but you are then possibly closing the pair that will eventually pull the basket out of trouble and into profit. I'm interested in your idea of closing a winner and a loser at the same time which doesn't effect balance and frees margin but the question as you've said is which pairs to act on. I'm assuming (and correct me if I'm wrong) you let the EA then make new trades on the pairs you've manually closed. The basket I have right now has a lot of trades with three different pairs-GBP/CHF (sell),GBP/USD(buy),EUR/JPY(buy). These three pairs are pretty correlated (pos. and neg,) at the time so which ever way price moves, my balance doesn't improve.The G/C is up about +$200, the G/U is at -$275 and the E/J is at -$1275. The rest of the pairs pretty much balance each other out. So how would you handle this basket? If you close the G/C pairs and the G/U pairs you free up some margin but you then let the E/J possibly run wild without any balance. Another way to look at this might be to close the pairs (that are in profit) that have moved the most  since they are the pairs that are most due for a reversal. Any more thoughts on this are appreciated. I've included an indicator and a script that may be helpful. The break-even indicator gives you a running total for each pair in the basket and the BE point. The script will close all trades of a certain pair when dropped on that chart.http://www.forexfactory.com/images/attach/mq4.gif i-Breakeven.mq4 http://www.forexfactory.com/images/attach/mq4.gif Close One Pair Only.mq4

--- 帖子 #703 ---
I am closing 2 individual trades only
I have closed more when the situation looked right to do so, simply to replenish the Margin Level

It is very difficult at this time for me to say .... if this do this, if that do this etc ..... as I have not yet got a definate set of rules clear in my own mind.
I am hoping something will formulate from my tests so I can set out these rules with some proof of results that may encourage someone to code it
It is very difficult to do manually on a one hour timeframe 12 hours or more every day

There is absolutely no way to know if the trades I close would/could have eventually become the pair that moves to produce the pop.
I am doing it purey to maintain a minimum Margin Level, and in so doing I expect at some point the correct combination of pairs will be in play to reach the profit level

When I am looking at which 2 trades to close I will try not to close a trade that would remove the pair from the basket completely. I am trying to ensure there are at least 2 and preferably 3 open trades of that pair so as to give the remaining trades a chance to contribute to the recovery.
This is obviously not always possible, if this situation does not exist and my Margin Level has reached my 250% trigger I will close 2 trades anyway because maintaining the Margin Level is priority
One other thing I dont think I mentioned before is not closing a trade from the pair that added the last biggest winner as this is suggesting ( at the current time at least ) it is performing the strongest and most likely to give the required move

I really could not suggest what to close in your particular situation, but my choice is often finalised by how many trades of each pair there are open. I will be tempted to try and close from the pair with most open trades
Often the choice will be dictated by finding 2 trades that have the profit and loss as near equal as possible ( I dont care if the amounts are $10 or $1000 as long as both trades are equal )

I let the ea continue to add biggest winning trades unrestricted

It is the correlation relationship ( positive, negative or non, ) between the pairs that I have been struggling with and trying to understand how closing one and not another could distort the balance of the basket ..... BUT I am tending to worry about this less now as I always have the thought in the back of my mind that the basket is never really balanced in the first place

--- 帖子 #704 ---
As far as I can tell, the EA's with StartHour already do that.
Inserted Code   if (UseTradingHours)
{
if (TimeHour(TimeCurrent()) >= StartHour &&
((TimeHour(TimeCurrent()) < FinishHour && FinishHour != 0) ||
(TimeHour(TimeCurrent()) < 24 && FinishHour == 0)))
{
if (StopAfterNoTrades && TotalTrades == 0) ResetPhantoms();
StopAfterNoTrades = false;
}
else
{
StopAfterNoTrades = true;
}
}

Look at the line where it calls ResetPhantoms();  If there are no trades, and the time progresses into the start hour, it will reset then.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
[
It is the correlation relationship ( positive, negative or non, ) between the pairs that I have been struggling with and trying to understand how closing one and not another could distort the balance of the basket ..... BUT I am tending to worry about this less now as I always have the thought in the back of my mind that the basket is never really balanced in the first place[/quote]

Well, obviously you are likely to close the largest gain and loss that are equal to free up the margin. I don't think there is a right answer. I think also the idea of a cut 1 loser was to take care of that possibility so you didn't have to make that choice. Maybe you make some choice by looking at a momentum drop on the daily with divergence or something. Programming it in is probably possible; but there is probably not enough data of chosing one pair over another.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
You were saying how difficult it was to close a winner and a loser each hour all day when your margin level drops too low. My thought is why not turn the EA off at this point and let the basket fight it out with existing trades. On a different note, closing pairs within the basket that go into nice profit may work sometimes. For example, last night my GBP/CHF pair was up $500 but now is down over $300. But of course this could hurt you later when you might need those trades to pull the basket to TP.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
If you're worried about this you could hedge your winners. Or possibly it could be addressed within the code - ie it is closed but it still remains part of the basket for PP purposes (maybe not possible???)

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Does this system really work? Does someone has some outcome of this system? thanks

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Can't hedge, US citizen. Thank you Barney Frank.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
I put this on a TadawulFX 500:1 demo last night. This is the last version posted on 1/29, post 696. Closed 2 baskets overnite with 2.14% profit. First basket closed with just 5 trades, all winners. Second closed 1 loser -$90(+) and then closed the basket with 8 trades. Here are my settings:

$9000 starting balance

PhantomCheckMinute: 25 -  default setting

ResetHourInterval: 8 - default

RecoveryTradesAllowed: true - default

RecoveryPercent: 5 - default

TradeCountForRecovery: 10 - default

RecoveryLotRatio: 1.1 - default

UseTradingHours: false - default

CloseLoserTrades: true - default

CloseLoserMultiplier: 1

MMTUBasketA: .4

MMTUBasketB: .4

PP: 1

Looking good initially, but the Recovery strategy has not come into play yet.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Hi Roundrock,

Once again, thank you for this.

I downloaded the attachment. I set it on my demo account at 16.12 GMT having deleted all previous GV on the account. I entered start hour and finish hour as 9 and 18 respectively (GMT +1 being the navigator time at Alpari).

I noted that:-

1) The EA duly traded at 16.15 GMT. it should not have traded at 17.15 GMT. But sadly it did. Screenshot is attached. [EDIT:  Later testing proved that this function worked as required - later testing also showed that the EA can be set to close with -ve Profit Pct] ested.

2) On another demo account, an EJ and an EU trade were entered at 9.15 GMT but at the time EU was a loosing phantom. Again, screenshot attached.

On my test Account 1, there had been a basket open since 12.15 GMT on Thurs 27th Jan. The basket closed Mon 31st Jan at 13.00 GMT. In the meantime the basket had accummulated 23 trades with recovery trades too. The problem was that by the time the basket closed allits trades, the account balance had actually reduced from 1163.90 to 1162.46.

I appreciate that this is a result of the CloseALL function of the EA taking the time that it needs to close the trades. Sometimes, this time lag works in our favour. With a smaller baskets, this is rarely an issue.

Thus, I believe we need to concentrate on trying to reduce the size of the basket so that it can close once or maybe even twice during the european session, close down profitably and avoid accumulating unnecessary bulk during the slower sessions.

Rounrock, can you please look at the code for the matters reported in 1) and 2) above. Or is there something that I have done wrong?

Also, when you have a bit of time, can you please look at the suggested imporovements to the EA set out in post 702 at Page 47.

Please helpus out in this as i believe the modifications have the making of a successful EA - just look at the results reported by FraserD using a sensible MMTU.

--- 帖子 #712 ---
This is looking good Fraser

I have already reduced the trade count for recovery to 3 so that we can see how it works and what effect it brings to the basket. Can I please ask you to do the same?

I am toying with the idea of reducing the recovery lot ratio to 0.9 so that if the price action of the pair should return to the to the trade direction set out in the EA, then that particular pair can then once again start to contribute to the pop of the basket.

Fraser, I value your meticulous testing.  Do you have any thoughts on this? Does anyone else on FF have any thoughts on this?

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Hi All,

Reporting on the 2 accounts with the Reverse feature - ie Phan6_01xR

Account 1:

Account No 1
Largest Floating loss $138 DD -11.2%
MMTU 2.1
Leverage 100:1

Trades in Basket = 23 of which 2 were Reversal trades
Basket opened: 12.15 GMT on 27/01/11
Basket Closed 13.00 GMT on 31/Jan.

Size of basket conspired with CloseALL function to close at a small loss.

Account No 2
Leverage 500:1
PP 0.8
MMTU 2.1
1 Basket opened 9.15 GMT and closed at 11.24 GMT
8 Trades in the basket
EA shut down at 12.00 GMT

--- 帖子 #714 ---
MB, great and provoking thoughts.

see below, please.

Idea A:

how to deal with re-setting profit targets when it executes a "cut-loser'. I have a different concept: use just the basket profit (open trades on the EA's magic number) to decide upon closing, not a global variable of last flat equity plus some amount.

If we are doing basket take-profits on the outstanding open balance, then it means that if we cut a loser, we would then have to add the value of that loser to the required balance profit to execute a take-profit.

......

The idea is to keep the EA grinding and working, even if it means butching up and taking some losses.

in fact, someone mentioned one simple (i guess it may be effective) solution. the solution is logically sound, and i plan to try it, but have not realised the coding yet:

when you cut a loser position, you add a winner position;

to do this, i feel the EA should cut a loser relatively earlier, say, cut when -1% or 2% DD,
Don't wait till -10% DD (set an external var, if needed).

your idea is great, but difficult to code. however, logically speaking, i feel that you might reckon that they are very similar.

Idea B:

Cutting losers based on some kind of fast moving average/filter (Hull MA?) instead of just the price. Maybe a quick spike down shouldn't mean that you need to cut a loser instantaneously.

if this technical filter is effective, my humble opinion is that a simple EA of "fast moving average/filter (Hull MA?)" will be profitable in the first place. and we may simply trade that simple EA.

the filter of coz may improve the performance, just i'm not quite optimistic.

since you used balance %, so here maybe we could use ATR% to cut those biggest losers?

Idea C:

Making sure only one trade gets placed per hour. There can be some cases when this doesn't quite happen. I've seen it in my demo and usually it ends poorly. If two trades are 'nearly equal' in P&L and both have some chance to happen in the first minute, then they're probably short term correlated---and by murphy's law, they seem to lose together.

i don't understand here: you mean "two trades" of two different pairs? if yes, that's normal and legit, to the EA's logic. If you meant two trades of same pair @ same entry price, then "pipstep" might save you from that.

in fact, my feeling is one trade one hour is too less. i edited the EA to enter on 15th min and 45th min if pipstep satisfy. why? because when market moves, it moves very fast, within 1 or 2 hours.

let's assume we have a -10% DD now, with 30 trades open, terrible, damn... been hanging there for a week.

now today, for 2 or 3 hours. eurjpy moves up crazy, if one trade one hour, at the end of day, we add maybe only 3 or 4 eurjpy pos, which is highly LIKELY that we still in high DD like -5%.
on the other hand, if two trades one hour, due to eurjpy trending, the EA may add 6~7 eurjpy pos, and the DD may very likely be recovered.

i am unlucky and trapped in DD always since i LIVE trade art_phantom (caillou's thread) since last Dec. above is from my DD observation and thoughts so far.

I of course still advocate using my balanced basket mod (or at least trying it), it doesn't seem theoretically sound to me without it.

that's true, you mod is much more sound. MC original EA is only a platform that may well use lots of improvement like yours.

Thoughts? Likes? discussions? problems?

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Has anyone done any testing of the profitability of the original basket pairs vs new basket pairs found in Phantom6_01xR.mq4?

The Original Pairs:

1. GBPUSD

2. USDCHF

3. EURJPY

4. GBPCHF

5. CHFJPY

6. EURCHF

The New Pairs:

1. EURJPY

2. USDJPY

3. EURUSD

4. GBPUSD

5. AUDUSD

6. GBPAUD

--- 帖子 #716 ---
The New Pairs:

1. EURJPY -------eurjpy ---2 eurjpy

2. USDJPY      ---eurjpy/

3. EURUSD      /

4. GBPUSD ----gbpusd----2 gbpusd

5. AUDUSD     gbpusd/

6. GBPAUD     /

so eurjpy vs gbpusd, they are not hedged each other, much more risky, and conflicting with MC's original idea. just fyi.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
OK, I'll change that. I also want to see how the recovery strategy works. BTW, my demo closed another basket with no cutting of losers and, of course no recovery - now up 3.26% in about 12 hours.

Thanks for the compliment, but I don't really have much insight concerning the ratio change. Until I see the recovery working I'm not real sure I like that strategy. The success I'm seeing with this mod early on is due entirely to changing the pairs we trade.

I'm thinking right now that TheMaxx has a great idea in trying other synthetic hedge combinations to come up with the most productive ones. And, of course the ones that are most productive today may not be tomorrow or next week or next month. So that leads to a requirement to determine a easy way to determine which pairs will be most productive at any given time.

--- 帖子 #718 ---
If you make it:

Sell: EURJPY

Buy: USDJPY

Buy: EURUSD

that's balanced and

Sell: GBPUSD

Buy: AUDUSD

Buy: GBPAUD

that's balanced.

So there are 2 sells and 4 buys, but who cares?  That is only a matter of the convention that GBPAUD is a typical pair and AUDGBP isn't.  Just make sure the EA works right in this case.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
I have noticed that this EA I am testing doesn't display "Max Margin To Use", "Use Lots" and "Profit Percent", so I modified it.

You'll find it attached here. Just rename it as you want and enjoy.

/achab

--- 帖子 #720 ---
I still have my 500:1 account running with MMTU @ 2

It closed 6 baskets yesterday in the 12 hour period I have it running

Number of trades in each basket has been 5, 2, 3, 3, 8, 3, and it has of course been opening several trades at each check minute period ( up to 4 at a time )

No recovery trades

No close loser trades

I too have suffered because of the price movement during the time it takes trades to close resulting in all profit being lost. The larger the lot sizes the more of a problem this becomes

We all consider the large MMTU way too aggresive, but the one thing a combination of large MMTU and the 500:1 account is showing me is that it takes only a small movement in price to get the required pop

The flipside of this of course is it only takes a small move in the wrong direction for big DD and margin level problems .... I have not had this yet, and when it happens, as it surely will, I am going to see if I can ' control ' the margin level by cutting trades as I have described before, to avoid close losers and extend the life of the basket until I get the small move in the right direction

EDIT .... Should have said account is up 20% in 4 days trading ( or should that be gambling !  )

EDIT .... Turned Close Loser off, turned recovery off, don't need them for this test

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Precisely,

The flipside of this of course is it only takes a small move in the wrong direction for big DD and margin level problems ....

Hence the need for a recovery facility as an alternative or an additional item to manual cutting of trades.

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Hi Nicastro

Recovery trades contribute to reducing the margin level as would a normal trade, but then do not contribute to any pop as they merely freeze the 2 trades at a loss, exactly what I am trying to avoid, so I am looking to see if I can get this to make sense without close loser trades or recovery trades first

Also recovery ( hedge ) is not of any use to USA account holders

It does not affect me, but it would be nice to find a solution that can be applied to all account types

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Couldn't the trade simply be closed, but retained in memory for the purposes of calculating the PP?

--- 帖子 #724 ---
I noticed that IBFX has a neat closeall script that executes very fast:
Inserted Code #include <IBFX - Quick Scripts.mqh>

//----
void start()
{
/*+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
Because these scripts are meant to execute fast there are no user
external inputs. Make sure to modify the settings below, then compile
the script before assigning a hot key to it and using it.
The magicNumber HAS TO TO BE THE SAME ON ALL SCRIPTS if you change it
here make sure to change it on all scripts!!!
Do not forget to click on COMPILE once your changes have been made!!!
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+*/
int      MaxRetry = 10;     // If the Order Fails - How many time do we retry?
int      Slippage = 10;
string    Commentary = " IBFX - Close ALL orders";

//+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
//|               DO NOT MODIFY ANYTHING BELOW THIS LINE!!!                 |
//+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
Comment( Commentary + " | Closing All Orders, please wait ..." );
CloseAll( "None", 0, OP_ALL ,MaxRetry, Slippage, Commentary );
Comment("");
return;
}
The include file is attached but could easily be imported directly into the EA. From my reading of the script it looks like it spams the server with close commands until they're accepted. Could the problem be that some brokers will ignore these commands? If not it might be an alternative to the existing close function.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
I was thinking about the margin level problem in a different way. What if, instead of viewing each basket as a group of trades, we viewed each basket as a single trade? So we view profitable basket, followed by profitable basket, followed by profitable basket, followed by margin call basket as win, win, win, loss. Provided the loss basket is managed effectively you have a system with good expectancy and we don't need to worry about the losing basket. The latest EA seems to be spitting out baskets quite quickly, and perhaps the losing baskets could be closed (and treated as a losing trade) if they (a) have too many trades, (b) are open too long, (c) or reach a % loss level (or a combination of all 3). Cut your loss quickly, and move on to the next winning basket.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
We are all here trying different approaches to try improve the ea, and make it more palatable for live trading situations

So I suggest you set up your idea on a demo try it and report your results and settings etc

It's the only way to prove or otherwise a theory

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Yes, we can make a start on providing a solution by making sensible use of the modifications to the EA suggested in my post 702, at page 47. It will be a start.......dont you guys think?

--- 帖子 #728 ---
You're right. Everyone will have a different tolerance to risk, reward, drawdown, etc. My current thought is to start opening baskets aggressively (every 15 or 30 mins) from 7GMT to 19GMT, then closeall if loss is greater than MMTU * 6 or the end of the US session. I'll see if I can play around with the EA to test that and report back.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Hi All,

Reporting on the 2 accounts with the Reverse feature - ie Phan6_01xR

Tues 1st Feb 2011

Account 1:
MMTU 2.1
Leverage 100:1

2 Baskets closed:-

a) One basket openend at 9.15 GMT and closed at 15.51 GMT - 11 trades and no reversals

b) Second basket opend at 16.15 GMT and closed 24 minutes later. 4 trades and no reversals*

*For the second basket, seeing what JCS is reporting, I increased the MMTU for Sub-basket A to 3.4 and Sub-basket B to 5.5 as a means of emulating a higher leveraged account. These settings were wild guesses.

Account No 2

As JCS and Fraser are testing on a 500:1 demo, I am now using this demo to run a new EA, Going Home, available from:-
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=278476

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Hi charvo,

I agree with you completely, because my tests already demonstrated it to me.

Summarizing: It's very difficult to gain because of the Forex peculiarity and we must fight against other hidden problems, such as honesty, delay, margin call procedures always different, etc..

Now I am thinking that using a VPS will fix most of these little problems and there is a Broker (FXCM.com and .it) that offers a VPS for free if your deposit is more than $5,000.

I know only this one, actually. VPS shouldn't be a very good reason for choosing a Forex Broker for real trading?

Good evening.

/achab

--- 帖子 #731 ---
I have a VPS with www.swvps.com and I'm very happy with them. I pay around $200/year

--- 帖子 #732 ---
I'm not sure what you mean by this. The losses that are a result of cutting losers are already taken care of and included in in the profit when the EA closes a basket. Since PP is a percent of Last Flat Equity the EA cannot reach Equity target without making up for the losers that were cut. Did I misunderstand your post?

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Frezard,

I am using 01x version. I set CLM as 1.5 and profit pct is 1.0 It means any of the loss trade reach 1.5 times pr.pct, it will cut that particular trade or when the loss of all loosing trades go over the 1.5 Profit pct?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Ah, I didn't realise that. I thought that when a loser was cut, it wasn't included in the PP calculation.

If that's the case, I don't see the need for hedging losing trades. Why hedge a trade and incur the additional costs of the hedging trade, when you can just close it?

--- 帖子 #735 ---
I did change TradeCountForRecovery (TCFR) to 3 yesterday and last night I had a basket close with a problem I have never seen before. During the closing (same hour & minute), possibly an instant before the closing, two reverse trades were opened and then closed again for good size losses. There was a GBPUSD sell for 1.3 lots (6.5 times my normal .2) and a USDJPY buy for 1.55 lots (7.75 times normal.

What in the world could have caused this? I must be missing something here. All of the normal trades on those 2 pairs were closing for very large gains so there should have been no reason for recovery trades and certainly not with those size lots. Is there anything in the code that could cause this?

The gains from that basket were so large that it still had a .5% gain. Had those 2 trades not been taken the gain would have been more than 2% of Last Flat Equity. The market must have been moving very fast in my favor at the time of closing.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
I just looked at the comments and those are both listed as recovery trades.

The timing is what I cannot understand. Both were opened and closed at 02.01 1817, the same time that the basket started closing. I suppose they could have been opened as much as 30 seconds before the profit target was reached. But in those 30 seconds could the losing trades they were offsetting have become big winners? Doesn't seem likely to me.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
yes. I would agree

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Had the same problem. I was away from comp so didnt see it happen live. But looking at time stamp the EA open a recovery trade when there were already 3 trades in profit for the pair. closed 2 hours later with a 58 pip loss. I have stopped testing the EA at this point, since That one mistake wiped out all the profits from 2 basket closes.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Cutting Trades

After a good deal of multi demo accounts testing ( albeit only a short period ) I am summarising here what I have found to date
I will be repeating myself from previous posts, but wanted to get this together in one post to make it clear what I have been doing

The results I am reporting are for one account only ( the most productive ) though I have had success with all different account leverages I have tried it on

I am using Phantom6_01xR for no other reason than it often places several trades at each minute check, as opposed to other versions which place only one trade, which speeds up the process to closure .... this has proven so far to be a positive factor

There is absolutely no reason this will not work on any of the Phantom ea versions, different account leverages, including restricted 50:1 USA accounts

The Idea

A quote from my first post ( post 567 )

“ This latest test started out quite nicely ( as many of my tests have ) closing 7 baskets with minimal DD and margin use and only a small number of cut loss closures per basket ..... but currently is in a basket where it has 32 open trades and has so far had 23 cut loser closures. Margin has been as low as 310%, current balance is some 60% down, max floating DD 10%

As far as recovering from seemingly hopeless situations is concerned Frazerds demos have shown this is possible .... but these are ‘ don’t care what happens really ‘ demos ... in all honesty would anyone trading this in a live situation be able to sit, watch and let this happen ..... I doubt it, and other posts on this thread seem to confirm it

To use the broker’s auto margin closure as part of the strategy was I believe never intended or envisaged as even possible
As we know not all brokers treat margin calls the same way, so allowing margin to reach 100% and letting the broker close out biggest losing positions for us is not always an option
Having a broker close all losing positions at 100% margin is simply not a plan
In any event reaching the above situations would mean the trade has been allowed to get out of control and we would all likely be in intensive care !

But to use the ea as currently coded and intended the whole point is to let it run its course to reach an outcome .... bust or small profit ..... risking everything for a small gain in balance
The only absolute fact I have ever realised from the forex market ..... if you can imagine it, it will eventually happen, if you can’t imagine it , you are doomed before you start ! ...... leads me to say it is a certainty your account will go bust at some point with this/these ea’s in their current form .......................

To continue to let a basket trade itself out to a profit and have some ‘ comfort ‘ ( huh ! ) so as not to panic and close a basket at loss, depends on maintaining sufficient balance, margin availability and of course having big balls !
It seems an obvious starting point is to better protect these areas ( especially your balls J ) at an earlier stage in the trade rather than wait for things to get out of control “

I have since that post being looking for a way to make the ea more palatable for use in real world, real emotions LIVE trading situation

Quote from my post 608

“As I have said before, I believe the need to preserve margin availability is essential if we are to ensure we can continue to trade during the extended basket periods
This to me suggest we either stop adding biggest winners at some point .... not in the best interests of the basket
Or we remove ‘ redundant ‘ trades from the basket at some point
In a prolonged basket we will always reach a point where we have multiple trades of a same pair

What do I mean by ‘ redundant ‘ ?
I question the need to keep multiple open positions of the same pairs within the basket when they have not produced the ‘ pop ‘ at the time they were expected to ... ie when they were obviously the strongest pair

It has been said here previously that closing positions at some point may be the way to go, but the difficult part of this is which pair ( or pairs ), or combination of, would need to be closed so as not to disturb the ' balance ' of the basket
Well I do not think in the first place we ever have a ‘ balanced ‘ basket, so maybe this is not something to worry over
I also doubt it is in any way possible to answer which pair / pairs to cut as we simply do not know which of the pairs will eventually make the required move to close the basket, so again maybe this is something not to worry about “

Quote from my post 668

“ If you look at the screenshot of my current 500:1 basket, it is sorted by symbol to make it easy to see how many trades there are in each pair
( because recovery is set to true for testing here there are a couple of hedge trades in there )
I know this is an extreme test as far as MMTU etc, but just ignore that here and concentrate on the pairs and Margin

the Margin Level is at 175%
I will get a margin call at 100% and with this broker ( Alpari UK ) they will close ALL my losing trades .... not the best broker to run this ea with
OK, if this happens I will not lose the whole account, just all profits and a slice of balance

As it is now the Balance is fine, Equity is not dangerously depleted, Free Margin is available .... overall account is not yet in any real danger , EXCEPT because of the Margin Level %
I have said before I believe to make these ea’s safer and prolong the amount of time we have for it to do its thing we need to preserve the margin % level ( my original post 567 )

There are only 17 trades open ( discount hedge trades ), I think we have all experienced baskets with 30,40,and many more in play at any one time
Even with this small amount of trades there are open positions in all the 6 pairs, more in some than others

Firstly, do we need all these trades to produce the relatively small ‘ pop’ we need to reach the profit target ?
Many of the basket we close do so with only a small number of trades
If you look at the trades with the same symbol pairs there are instances where there is a profit and a loss trade
If you look at all trades there are more instances of one in profit and another in loss

If we agree we don’t need 30 or 40 trades to get the ‘pop’ why not reduce them when there is opportunity .... cut 2 trades when one is in profit and one in loss, ensuring a slightly higher profit, so we are always adding to the balance
I had thought originally cutting from the same symbol made sense, but having watched how this would work I now think there will be far more opportunities if we cut from any pair symbol

This way the account balance always remains proportional and increases slightly but Margin Level is replenished to ensure we do not get the margin call and ensure we have margin for adding further biggest winning trades which because they are currently strong we expect to contribute most towards the ‘ pop ‘
If they don’t they may become trades to cut at a later stage “

I have since been concentrating on a way of maintaining the Margin Level
I am now of the opinion the need to selectively cut certain symbols together is not important

The method

To simplify the requirements for a cut and hence make this easy to code I have been doing the following manually :-

At 250% Margin Level I am cutting the smallest loss trade and the smallest profit trade regardless of symbol ( can be same symbol ) providing that the last added winning trade( trades ) is not cut unless there is no alternative

If there is no profit trade cut the 2 smallest losing trades ( never been the case yet )

In the posted results account the high MMTU combined with the 500:1 account results in ( relatively ) large lot sizes, this means it only takes a small price movement to reach the ProfitPct target
Of course this in turn also leads to the Margin Level reducing quicker, but as we then start to cut trades to prevent any further reduction this is not an issue.
New trades are taken every hour which are currently the best performing and hence should work best towards closing the basket
At 250% Margin Level there are still a good number of trades in the basket to contribute to a closure

By not using the Cut Loser trade parameter we do not reduce the account Balance / Equity and therefore do not need a larger overall basket profit to get a closure ... a positive factor
By not using Recovery we do not ‘ freeze ‘ a pair at a predetermined loss and hence not have it contribute to a closure and at the same time we do not reduce the Margin Level further by adding this hedge trade .... a positive factor
Not using a hedge strategy also means USA accounts are not restricted from utilising this method .... a positive factor

Settings

Alpari UK 500:1 standard account ( with 0.01 minimum lot sizes )

Phantom6_01xR
Check Minute 15
Recovery False
Cut Loser Trades False
Trading Hours True ... start 5 finish 17
MMTU 2
ProfitPct 1

Current Results

5 x 12 hour trading sessions

Closed Baskets 27
Account Profit 36%

I will continue to post updated results in the hope some capable and willing coder will modify the ea for this strategy in order it can be more intensively tested ( manual testing on a one hour system 12 plus hours every day on multiple accounts is not easy )

--- 帖子 #740 ---
FXCM seems a notorious criminal, you might want to research before you depozit.

Like theMaxx recommended, a good VPS usually cost 20~30$ per month, google a good one and go for it.  that's some successful traders opinion, not mine, i have no VPS experiences.  good luck.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
there's a bug in code to place recovery trades when total order count gies beyond a number. i fixed it now

basically for a recovery trade to be placed, any one in the sub-basket has to meet these conditions

total loss of this pair > rec pct

OR

total losing trade count > rec trade count

only one rec trade is placed per sub-basket

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Could someone explain to me why you would use recovery over cutting a trade?

In my mind the effect of cutting a loser and hedging a loser have the exact effect on your account, except that when you hedge you incur the additional cost of opening and closing the hedging trade. Is this wrong?

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Again, thanks for this Roundrock.

I have downloaded it and am demoing.

I noticed that at 9.15 GMT this am the EA failed to add a winning EU trade.  See screenshot attached.

Can I ask you to look inside the code and see if mine was just an isolated occurrance.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #744 ---
My 500:1 leveraged test account ( settings as post 740 ) had a starting balance of $3,000

It is unquestionably the leveraging power combined with the MMTU resulting in the lot sizing and that lot sizing relationship to the ProfitPct level that is making this demo absolutely fly
It closes baskets for fun !

Can someone who is mathematical inclined advise what starting balances / settings etc would be required to generate the same profit % on 100:1 and 50:1 leveraged accounts

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #745 ---
One thing to keep in mind about the statement in bold above. Cutting losers reduces your balance but NOT your equity. The EA logic is all about your equity not the account balance. When you use cut loser or use recovery all your saying is hey, this pair is no longer doing well so lets get rid of it so it doesnt drag the equity down any farther. Now does it work? Yes sometimes it works very well. If you test for a while you will notice that many baskets close soon after a loser or two is cut.

But sometimes it doesnt work, or doesnt work enough to get an equity pop. Then you get stuck with multiple cuts and the EA slowly gets away from the equity target. I dont have a solution to this problem. Its the only thing keeping the phantoms from being great.

The idea of manualy cutting winners and losers to maintain equity is a good one and I have done this myself to help a basket recover. This is where your own best judgement comes into play. You have to decide which pairs and how many to trim off. That really cant be coded into an EA because it may be different for each basket.

One of my current phantoms was down 10% a week ago and after manually trimming some winners and losers over the past week its now only at 3% drawdown and should be able to recover. This current phantom has been running for 3 months and has gained 14% before this current drawdown. So even if I was to close it now and take the loss its still a good gain for 3 months.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Maxx,

You are correct. Cutting a loser or using recovery has no effect on your equity. Recovery incurs more spread cost and reduces your available margin.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
If that is the case, why would anyone use recovery when cutting a loser is a cheaper option?

--- 帖子 #748 ---
[quote=thorn;4365051]

Thanks Thorn,

" One thing to keep in mind about the statement in bold above. Cutting losers reduces your balance but NOT your equity "

Yes, thanks my mistake should have refered to balance only

But as soon as we cut a loser it is a loss to the account and hence my reasoning for only cutting a winner and a loser together

" You have to decide which pairs and how many to trim off. That really cant be coded into an EA because it may be different for each basket."

This is the very point I had been wrestling with earlier, however the more I tested the more I found it did not make that much, if any, difference as to which pairs I cut

My demo tests seem to confirm this

Do you not think cutting at a predetermined point, I have been using 250% Margin level, can be easily coded, and hence easily tested, my guess is it can

And if so, is there a reason you think this would not work ?

--- 帖子 #749 ---
If we're adding additional ways to close the basket, I'd appreciate an option to close the entire basket based on the value of the aggregated loss of the basket. So if the basket is say -2% of last flat equity, it could be closed.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Method - Post 740

Settings

Alpari UK 500:1 standard account ( $3,000 starting balance - 0.01 minimum lot size )

Phantom6_01xR
Check Minute 15
Recovery False
Cut Loser Trades False
Trading Hours True ... start 5 finish 17
MMTU 2
ProfitPct 1

Current Results

6 x 12 hour trading sessions

Closed Baskets 33
Account Profit 46%

I will continue to post updated results in the hope some capable and willing coder will modify the ea for this strategy in order it can be more intensively tested ( manual testing on a one hour system 12 plus hours every day on multiple accounts is not easy )

----------------

If I had been lucky enough to have this situation on a live account ( never happens in reality does it ) the obvious way to play this now would be to withdraw the initial deposit and let the bot trade away with the markets money to see if it can repeat the profit run and take out some more etc etc or it dies trying with nothing lost

I have been waiting patiently for a multi loser scenario to see how this method deals with it, but the bot just keeps on closing baskets ... with these settings it’s insane ! ... it’s a problem of the kind I never usually have

How it deals with a multi loser scenario cannot be any different to any other version
When it happens that there are no profit trades there is no alternative but to keep cutting losers ( the start of a possible death basket ) other than closing out manually and start a new basket, which may be a good option providing enough of the quick profits have been booked to cover the loss
But when do you make that call ?

The 500:1 configuration generates profits very quickly, as it will also generate DD and equity loss quickly, so in the long run it may simply be a case of can the quick and often profits outweigh an extended DD when it arrives

This all started for me trying to find a way to minimise fear of the large DD and death basket scenario to have some comfort in a live trading situation, and it seems I may just be confirming to myself that it is simply not possible
If the markets conspire to go against the trades and continue long enough, no matter how well we think they are hedged there seems to be no stopping the inevitable

I will however keep the demo running

--- 帖子 #751 ---
i mentioned this idea several times in the past, but didnt receive enough recognition or discussion. i am going to write again. only thing stopping me coding this idea is limitation of my coding skills and if someone else can spend time and code i would appreciate.

idea is like this

lets say the prev basket is closed. dont enter straightaway. instead copy the trades in some memory and keep checking its drawdown. if it reaches some percentage (lets say 4%), then we enter all these orders from memory at current market price and we set PP as 4%+ 1%= 5%. there are 2 advantages with this.

1. we gain more in basket closure. like 5% in this case

2. the drawdown of this basket would be significantly less compared to original basket. lets say original basket has 10% DD, our basket will have only 6% DD.

however disadvantages :

1. we may miss those baskets that close immediately without reaching our DD setting. but such cases are few. i have seen most baskets has atleast 1 cut loser, so even with 2% setting, we can get good results

2. since we are trading falling baskets we may get into huge drawdowns more frequently. but with 2% setting this will be a nonissue

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Hi All,

Reporting on the 1 accounts with the Reverse feature - ie Phan6_01xR

Wed 2nd Feb 2011

Account 1:
MMTU 3.4 %
Leverage 100:1

3 Baskets closed:-

a) One basket openend at 8.15 GMT and closed at 9.30 GMT - 3 trades and no reversals

b) Second basket opend at 10.15 GMT and closed 27 minutes later. 4 trades and no reversals

c) Third basket opened at 11.15 GMT closed at 4.19 GMT. 8 trades and no reversals*

*For the third basket, seeing what JCS is reporting, I increased the MMTU for both Sub-baskets to 5.5 as a means of mimiking a higher leveraged account. This setting is a wild guess similar to the wild guess in setting a high MMTU from the outset (now increased once more)  to try to emulate JCS's findings on a 500:1 leveraged account.

Account No 2

Moved onto to pastures new

--- 帖子 #753 ---
how much PP ?

--- 帖子 #754 ---
PP of 0.8

--- 帖子 #755 ---
I like the idea, but how do we know we are not closing the symbol that will eventually lead us to closure? In going down this route, while we preserve equity, we are prolonging the life of a basket for a pre-determined PP.

I think we need to accept that there will be times when it is simply best to get out of a basket and live to fight another day.

There will be lingering baskets and we must procedd on the basis that the next basket to open will be the one that will linger. We must have a get out, some form of insurance, to get us out quickly and that should be planned for at the outset.

So, trade only during the European session - preferably London Open to London Close and have preset:

-Alternate MMTU if Recovery Trades have been placed
-Alternate ProfitPct if Recovery trades have been placed
-Alternate MMTU after FinishHour
-Alternate ProfitPct after FinishHour

Provide for the possibiliy of needing a Recovery Trade. Set the Recovery rate at either 0.9 so that when the losing pairs turn round, the EA can once again add that symbol to the basket. The Alternative would be to set the Recovery rate at 2.0 so that you use the energy of the symbol that has gone against you to get you out of the market (if it continues on the same route).

As for Recovery trades, I wonder whether these would be covered by FIFO as the recovery trade will be for different sizes and at different times as the original trades forming the constituents of a basket whose trades close simultaneously ....or almost so.

Can anyone help on this last point for our US cousins?

Roundrock, would you have time to alter the code to provide for the alternate MMTU and PP settings?

--- 帖子 #756 ---
I think we're complicating things too much. All we need to do is work out how to deal with large baskets. I'm of the opinion that we need to keep things simple.

I think there are two options:

1. Cut Losing Trades - cut a single trade based on criteria (or hedge if you prefer but I can't see the point)

2. Cut Losing Basket - cut the entire basket based on criteria

Criteria:

A. A single trade reaches a certain size

B. A basket reaches a certain size

C. Margin reaches a certain level

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Well obviously we don't and never can

That is why I gave up on trying to make a judgement on which symbols to cut and simply chose to close the smallest loss and smallest profit trades regardless of symbol or monetary value etc ( except for not closing the last added biggest winning trades )

It is all about preserving margin level

--- 帖子 #758 ---
My opinions:

1. cut losing trades when a losing trade reaches a certain size, OR, if worse comes to worse, overall margin reaches a certain level.  Most trades should be cut individually because you shouldn't be approaching a bad margin level too often.

2. when you have a full set of trades in all six symbols, cut one of each.   You can only get this by going from 5 open trades to adding a new one in the sixth, so you can simulate it by checking if the next new trade would have made a full house, in which case you close 5 complementary ones instead of adding any new one.

3. When margin is particularly low and you have open trades in 5 of 6 symbols, then cut one trade in each open symbol.

--- 帖子 #759 ---
what are yr recovery settings ?

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Recovery after 3 at 0.9

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Roundrock,

I have no coding knowledge and so could not help.

The idea itself is worth testing and I for one would be happy to test and report on it.

Could you please expand on the idea a little bit more?

Another idea could be to use the movement of the pair or pairs that take us to a pop to open an immediate basket with only those fast moving pairs that took us to closure but at reduced PP and MMTU - so that we take just that little bit more out of the pairs that have helped us get to a pop of the basket.

Again, this would involve runnning "baby phantoms" that would reset every so often (at say everry 00 or 15, or 30 minutes past the hour etc) and we measure the movement of the pairs against these baby phantoms and trade only the 1 or 2 pairs that have been winners since the baby phantoms set (or reset)

Any thoughts on this anyone?

--- 帖子 #762 ---
What are people's thoughts on leverage when trading this system? If I run the same EA with the same MMTU, PP, etc settings on two different brokers with different leverage, would it be correct to say that increasing leverage merely increases the speed at which gains and losses are accumulated? So given the choice, I should choose a broker with 400:1 over 50:1, right?

--- 帖子 #763 ---
You must be very very careful with high leveraged accounts

Do your homework, then do it again

A word of warning ... Do not be ' seduced ' by the results you may be seeing regarding 500:1 accounts being tested here

These are only ' do not really care what happens ' demo's to test theories etc

The large leverages do enable tests to be done quicker in many aspects, but I think I can say for sure no one would trade these live in this manner

Watch them develop, because I can almost guarantee they will go bust big time at some point

--- 帖子 #764 ---
OK, maybe I'll just stick to 50:1. It's funny how much difference leverage can make. At 50:1 Phantom6_01.mq4 generated 35% since 12 Dec. At 500:1  Phantom6_01.mq4 generate 10% since Monday.

--- 帖子 #765 ---
I like this. Trimming down symbols rather than trimming losing trades seems like a better way of dealing with this.

--- 帖子 #766 ---
here is an example

lets say RR trades this new idea and SS trades the existing idea

both start at same time. starting capital is 10000$. PP 1%

SS places orders. RR doesnt.

SS places orders. RR doesnt

SS places orders. RR doesnt

SS is in DD of 300$. Now RR enters these orders at current market prices. SS current equity is 9700 and RR current equity is 10000.

market comes back and SS reaches PP 1%. Gains 1%. current balance 10100

RR will close at same time as SS but will have account balance 10400.

-----

the idea is maintain a escrow for phantoms and release them to broker when the DD reaches a level (3% in above example). with this you aim for higher PP which would be DD threshold + PP

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Hi All,

Reporting on the 1 account with the Reverse feature - ie Phan6_01xR

Thu 3rd Feb 2011

Account 1:
MMTU 5.5 %
Leverage 100:1
PP0.8
Recovery ratio at 0.9
Recovery % = 5%
Trade Count for Recovery = 3

1 Basket Opened today.

Basket openend at 8.15 GMT still open at 4.45 GMT. Largest Floating loss $134 and a floating DD of -11.01%

Total of 12 trades, of which 2 are recovery trades properly implemented.

1 recovery trade (GBPUSD) should have opened - having exceeded Recovery % of 5%.

Screenshot attached.

Roundrock, can you please look at the code again to see why the £/$ Recovery trade was not entered. The criteria for recovery is 3 trades OR 5%.

At one stage, the basket was at +$11 - but it failed to close.I am using the latest EA posted by you. Was there a reason why this should be so?

It looks as if just increasing the MMTU on a 100:1 account is not producing the same results as JCS on a 500:1 account.

I will go back to an MMTU of 2.1% next week.

JCS - What were your results for today on your demo?

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Would SS orders be real orders? Or Just Phantom Orders on which we pounce on the expectation that the market will recover?

If the market does not recover, then presumably we continue to trade the basket as we do currently.

Is that a correct interpretation?

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Isn't this idea predicated on the idea that the system will go into DD more often than it will go into profit?

In your example, say SS places an order, and RR waits for drawdown as his trade trigger.  If SS's basket is profitable, he will close his basket even before RR makes a trade.

Does your testing show that drawdown is more likely to occur than a profitable basket with no drawdown?

--- 帖子 #770 ---
yes, we could lose an opportunity to get profit if it doesnt meet our DD criteria.

most ( i dont have stats, but most of them) trades have atleast 1 cut loser, which means we can atleast expect 2% DD.

even if we try with 1% DD, we get 1% additional PP.

i couldnt test this as i need a EA to do this and the coding is little complex to hold the orders in memory and release them at appropraite time.

in fact i didnt spend much time coding this, may be i will try this as my next project.

before that i want the idea to be validated...

--- 帖子 #771 ---
I am now using the latest version posted 2/2/11 and it seems to be working properly. However, trading with Tadawul the 1.1:1 or .9:1 have no effect since lot sizes can only increase or decrease .5.  Here are my settings:

RecoveryPercent (RP)   .5

TradeCountForRecovery (TCFR)   3

RecoveryLotRatio (RLR)   1.1

UseTradingHours (TH)   false  runs all the time

CloseLoserMultiplier (CLM)   1.0

MaxMarginToUse (MMTU)    0.4 for both baskets

ProfitPercent (PP)   1.0

The basket that closed today had 16 losers cut. The remaining basket that closed had 15 trades, including 1 recovery trade. Lowest margin level 978%. The demo is up 7.59% in 4 days. I can live with that - no need to go to the high risk/reward settings jcs is testing. I want to see what the EA can do with the conservative settings I will use when I go live with it.

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Why would we want to do this?

You guys keep talking about the death basket, but we have been testing these EAs for some time now and I have not seen any reports of anyone losing their entire balance. What I have seen is people who closed their positions because they had a big DD and were afraid they would have a margin call.

Those of us who have ridden out the storm and let the EAs run even when DD got high and margin got low have found that the EAs can survive a margin call. My demos have survived 3 margin calls with IBFX and someone else (can't remember who) survived 2 with a different broker.

I admit that I probably will not have the guts to do that with a live account, but I think we can come up with a better solution than one that will cause us to lose numerous opportunities to make a profit.

My current thinking is that a more judicious use of the cut loser strategy will work for us. Some time back a EA was posted that included an option to cut a biggest loser any time margin got down to a specified level (above the 100% margin call). I tried that strategy and found that it didn't work very well because it was cutting a lot of small losers after the big ones were gone. But now I think we could limit the number of losers we cut by not cutting any until a specified margin level and then only cut losers bigger than a specified amount. For example when margin gets down to 500% cut all losers that are bigger than -2% of Last Flat Equity. That will probably cause several losers to be cut and margin will rise significantly. Then if margin gets back down to 500% again before a equity pop, it will do it again. Although 500% seems pretty high, I used it in the example because my testing of 01xR has not been lower than 978% and it has cut a lot of losers that never would have been cut had this strategy been in effect.

So far I also do not see any need for the recovery strategy. I think the better performance we are seeing here is due to the change in currency pairs.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Frazer - you coded the margin call cut option using Charvo's code:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4202411

Are you able to implement it as you have described?

--- 帖子 #774 ---
This may be of interest.

I have opened a live account with Tadawul and wanted to know exactly how their software handles a margin call. Apparently their procedure is the same as IBFX. Here is their answer to my query:

[quote]Thank you for your detailed email. Please note that there is a difference between a margin call and a margin stop out. I don’t want to confuse the two when further explaining.

A margin call will be given when any position reaches a margin level of 150% the position will turn red.

A margin stop out will close the most effected position/s (biggest losers first)  at 100% automatically to sustain the rest of the open positions. Your margin will normally rise above 100% after closing the biggest losers which will enable you to trade again.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
I didn't code anything - I don't have that ability. I just copied and pasted to the original EAs.

I used it a while back on 1 of my demos for a week or so until I decided it wasn't working as I had anticipated. I don't believe that coding could be used to do what I described above. I am not a programmer, but I think it would require new coding to combine the 2 strategies.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Method  -  Post 740

Settings

Alpari UK 500:1 standard account ( 0.01 min lot size - $3,000  starting balance )

Phantom6_01xR

Check Minute 15

Recovery False

Cut Loser Trades False

Trading Hours True ... start 5 finish 17

MMTU 2

ProfitPct 1

Current Results

7 x 12 hour trading sessions

Closed Baskets 36
Account Profit 51%

I will continue to post updated results in the hope some capable and willing coder will modify the ea for this strategy in order it can be more intensively tested ( manual testing on a one hour system 12 plus hours every day on multiple accounts is not easy )

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Exactly !

The ea's are of little use if we are afraid to use them

--- 帖子 #778 ---
This is excellent

Do you have a statement and set file please ?

Have you any information regarding your max DD, lowest Margin Level etc as this is important to understand what " emotional pain " had to be endured to obtain the result

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Looking forward to seeing how this goes with the sensible settings

You may want to consider using the Trading Hours, most of our tests here have shown trading the late US and Asian sessions can be counter productive ....... Though I am not entirely convinced the paramerter is working as it should yet combined with the StopAfterNoTrades parameter ... ( I may be wrong, or more likely just not understanding the logic correctly .. can someone advise specifics on this please )

When my mega aggressive 500:1 test fails ( as I expect it will ) I too will be looking to see how the high leverage with conservative settings and the cutting method ( post 740 ) might pan out

--- 帖子 #780 ---
jcs, this is how it works

during the trading hours it places/closes orders.

at trade closing time, it checks if there are any open trades. if no, then it resets the phantoms and goes to sleep till next day trading start hour. if yes, then doesnt place new orders but will keep trying to close orders if PP is met

now tell us what you have notices

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Thanks Roundrock

I understand the Trading Hours

It is the StopAfterNoTrades I do not understand and how this is related to and possibly affects the TradingHours settings, if at all

Can you please explain this parameter

What I have seen ... I have had new biggest winning trades added to an existing basket after TradingHours finish time

Example, my last closing basket :-

I have TradingHours set to True start hour 5 finish hour 17

I have MinuteCheck set @15

So my last added trade with any open basket should be 16:15, correct ?

In the account history screenshot attached you will see the first basket trade was opened at 15:15, the last added trades were at 17:15, basket closed at 18:12

The 17:15 trades should not have been added, correct ?

I have other instances of baskets where trades are added throughout the ' rest ' period

I am wondering if the StopAfterNoTrades has something to do with this

I have changed this setting to both true and false to try and see what it does, but can't notice any differences

Unfortunately, because I have changed it I do not know which setting it was on when the screenshot trades were placed

Am I missing something ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Another example of a basket that opened at 23:15 and closed at 23:46

I dont' think this should have opened at all as it was totally within the ' rest ' period

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #783 ---
I was confused by this until I read the code. The comments are accurate.

Any new basket will not be opened in the rest-period, but if a basket is open when the rest period starts, it will keep on adding until closure.

This is apparently intentional.

There is no "do not trade at all no matter what" period, though doing so the time between 5PM New York and 8AM Tokyo may be a candidate for a future enhancement.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
I had two identical phantom6_01x that I ran for three months. One was at 100:1 and the other 50:1.

100:1- 14.5% gain, 10.5% max DD

50:1  - 12.1% gain, 5.65% max DD

I would think at higher leverage both the gain and max DD would go higher. All depends on your tolerance. I prefer to stay with 50:1. But then again, Im an American and prefer to use a U.S broker so I have no choice anyway.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
So my second example of a new basket opening within the rest period should not have happened

Are you able to comment on what the StopAftreNoTrades parameter is supposed to do ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Yes, that 2nd appears to be erroneous.  Given that it is 23:45 (right before  midnight) I wonder if there is some related date-handling bug.

I have been testing an EA which opens on the hour (classic method) and it seems to work right.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
StopAfterNoTrades if set to "true", will not open a new basket after your current basket reaches its PP and closes. Set to "false" the EA will continue to run and open a new basket right after the current one closes.

It has nothing to do with trading hours. In other words it just tells the EA if its ok or not to open a new basket when this one closes.

Hope I explained that right.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Excellent, thank you

--- 帖子 #789 ---
That is correct. StopAfterNoTrades was designed primarily to allow you to stop the EA when it is flat (no trades open) to withdraw or add funds.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Good morning!

I am learning coder and currently writing ea which is similar to phantom strategy. I would like to share my strategy...

1. Ea open winning pairs at a interval of 60 min. (same as current eas)

2. Closing basket after achieving PP.

3. After closing basket it immediately reopens only winning pairs from the previous basket. And add new winning pairs to this basket at a interval of 60min. So it minimize time to close next basket.

Now I am working on PP and CL options. The worse condition happen when this EA faces 3-4 cut losser. And in this condition it take more time to recover around 15-20hrs. And in that period it may cut more CL. Hence more DD and the EA will stuck.

So here comes an idea of partial recovery.

ie after closing CL if the floating profit equal to PP then ea will close that basket and reopens only  winning pair from existing basket.

Suppose for $500 account (PP=1 MMTU=0.4 CL=2) if ea cut losser four times then then DD will be -$40. and has to recover $45 to close basket. So in this condition if floating profit is $5 ea will close basket and reopen only winning pair. so EA has to recover $35. So it will recover in steps and will take less time.

I am currently coding this. But experience coder please help to code this strategy.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
I read every post in this thread and didn't see any feedback on the minimum suggested account size and tested settings for the

Phantom add 6 02a using 50:1.

Also my account minimum lot size is .1 or $10,000.

Could someone please help me out?

Thanks everyone.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
The more I think about this, the more I am eager to start testing

--- 帖子 #793 ---
This was on an IBFX 50:1 demo. It ran untouched - I haven't closed anything. Please note that there are 67!!! open trades at the moment.

All info is attached.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
For a moment lets forget about how its done today. Just think what is needed if i am trading within some hours

1. my phantoms calculations must be started just 1 hour (configurable) ahead of my FIRST trade. That means my trading start hour is 8 and check munite is 15. my possible first trade would be at 8:15, so phantom calculation must start at 7:15. So pahntoms must be reset at 7:15

2. once trading starts, let it run

3. at trading finish time, check if any open trades. If no, close the EA and go to sleep mode. If yes, give an option to user to close the existing basket if its in profit. If user wants to close the basket, close it. If required take the percentage as input. that means if PP is above minium 0.3% then only close. If its not meeting this requirement, then ask user, does he want to keep adding new orders to the basket. if no, dont do any thing. if yes, keep adding new orders. but neven open new basket

i think more and more people are finding this trading in EU session is giving god results, so proper session management (as above) is required

i can code if there's interest

--- 帖子 #795 ---
YES PLEASE. THIS IS PRECISELY WHAT IS NEEDED. Can you please also code for an alternate MMTU for any trades that the EA makes post trading Closing hours - which would then default to the usual MMTU applicable after Trade Opening hours.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
so you want to use one MMTU during trading session and another after that ? does it not imbalance the basket ? what if we have 3 trades of 1 lot each at closure and i change MMTU such a way new trade has lot size 2 ? is it intentional ?

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Hi Everyone.

Please let me say that I really appreciate the effort and group interest you all share in seeing through the creation of an EA that really performs. It is refreshing to read these efforts.

Having said that.... I am a 3 year swing trader looking for a solid EA to trade while I am away.

This EA has my attention.

I have it setup and ttrading on a 50:1 mini account (demo).

The smallest lot size allowed is .1

Account balance is 3,000 usd

Start hours were disabled

Due to the .1 lot restriction I HAD to set the margin to .7

PP is at .3

The EA with this setup has lost 21 consecutive trades. It has 3 open trades now which are in profit. Am I headed in the right direction? It seems llike I have botched settings somewhere.

Any assitance will be greatly appreciated all.....

Thanks,

Mike

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Just had a basket closure, so ea now shut down for weekend

Method  -  Post 740

Settings

Alpari UK 500:1 standard account ( 0.01 min lot size - $3,000  starting balance )

Phantom6_01xR

Check Minute 15

Recovery False

Cut Loser Trades False

Trading Hours True ... start 5 finish 17

MMTU 2

ProfitPct 1

Current Results

8 x 12 hour trading sessions

Closed Baskets 38
Account Profit 53%

I will continue to post updated results in the hope some capable and willing coder will modify the ea for this strategy in order it can be more intensively tested ( manual testing on a one hour system 12 plus hours every day on multiple accounts is not easy )

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Experience trader...please comment on this strategy #791

I am stuck in coding. But still trying my level best.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
yes, in this way you slow down with a slowing market and at the start of the next trade opening hour, the MMTU reverts back to the original MMTU

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Here's the scoop.

I have the EA set up and running but the EA keeps shutting off trades due to exceeding the allowable margin parameter. It keeps losing due to the marin crunch. The account has a minimum lot of .1 required so I have adjusted the MMTU to get the .1 position size.

Is there a way I can adjust the margin limit?

--- 帖子 #802 ---
To start I would suggest you try trading a demo with a broker that allows 0.01 lot sizes ( IBFX for example ) and start with MMTU at 0.4 or 0.5

--- 帖子 #803 ---
I'm going to make that happen..... not sure a 50:1 small account would do it.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
3k account at 50:1 is good for testing. As jcs said IBFX is good for this or Oanda.  Both have unlimited time demo accounts for longer term testing. Some brokers only allow 30 day demos (Alpari for ex.). Others that I use for testing and allow .01 lot size are Vantagefx, smatrttradefx. Im sure ther are others as well.

Read thru the entire thread to get a feel for how these are traded. If you are getting margin calls you are trading way to big lots on a small account. Check out posts from frazerd and the settings he uses. He is probabably the most experienced phantom trader and his settings are sensible and well thought out for the account size.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Off the subject but maybe of interest to some folks here.

I just found something that is really simplifying my life and it is absolutely free. If you work on more than 1 computer and have to put files on a memory stick or email them to yourself to transfer them between computers, then this will be of interest. It's called Dropbox. You put a dropbox on each of your computers and any file you move into the dropbox automatically goes into the dropbox on all of your computers and into your web dropbox as well. So even when you do not have your own computer you can access your important files from any computer. You can also share designated files with other dropbox users.

I travel a lot and use a Laptop. I also have a desktop at home and one at the office and I have all my FX demos on a VPS. It used to be a hassle trying to keep all my FX stuff on all my computers but now it is simple. I have a dropbox on all my computers and one on my VPS. All my FX stuff is in files in the dropbox, so anything I do on any of my computers or on the VPS immediately goes to all the dropboxes when it is saved.

A 2GB dropbox is free. If you need more you can upgrade and pay a monthly $9.99 for 50GB or $19.99 for 100GB. Or you can refer friends and get 250MB additional space for any that join from your link and those who join from a members link also get 250MB when they join. So if this is of interest to you, check it out here and we'll both get 250MB extra space if you decide to join:

http://db.tt/twkPF4t

--- 帖子 #806 ---
thanks fraze for dropbox info

just make it clear

can we trade with capital under usd3K

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Hi, Jcs, on your post of 740,

you talked about freeing capital by cutting some minimal winning/losing pos.

did any coder apply that idea?

that's an excellent idea, it is also mentioned by MBkennel, i remember.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
thanks for this great tool, frazerd

one off-subject question.  i saw your question on Tadawul FX.  have you started trading LIVE with them?

they seem use 0.05 lot as minimum position size.

even with 1:500 leverage, that only means they offer 1:100 leverage at 0.01 lot.

to trade this EA, i feel at least 5000$ is required to start trading 0.05 lot with them.

please discuss what you think?

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Not yet unfortunately

--- 帖子 #810 ---
I thought about it a little bit more.

Really, the margin level is pretty much correlated 100% with the number of open trades.

What we need is a simple maximum-open-trades limit.

This means, that if you are about to add a new trade, and you're at or above the limit, you have to cut open trades first.  Which ones?  Obviously the symbol must be different from the one you're about to add.  Other than that, just take the one which has the smallest absolute value of open OrderProfit(), regardless of win or loss.

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Roundrock,

The idea is interesting
I am still wrestling with the logic and if it has any real advantage overall ...... and am going dizzy in the process !

Just my thoughts, the advantage is that the initial DD in basket SS is avoided in basket RR
But, when the trades are opened in basket RR you immediately reduce Margin Level to where it is in the SS basket
I have always been of the opinion the danger to this ea is the reduced Margin Level that leads to cut trades ( others may disagree ) so I am not sure there is any real advantage overall in the way the ea will perform

If say the RR basket reaches its ‘ trigger ‘ level and is opened at hour 00:00 and someone else simply opened a new basket at 00:00 and set an increased profit target equal to the RR basket, would one perform any better than the other ?
The new basket in this example would not have suffered any DD and start with full Margin Level so be at an advantage in this respect

Is opening the RR basket with previous trades that have not produced a pop of any benefit ?

If not then I think we would have to conclude it is pure chance as to when a new basket is opened and the ProfitPct targeted that is the deciding factor

I hope you find a way to test it out and report the results

--- 帖子 #812 ---
This sounds correct to me

--- 帖子 #813 ---
I am confused here, or maybe simply not understanding

So when the level is reached you are proposing to cut the least profitable trade, regardless of win or loss

Surely if we are in DD, as we must be at this point to consider cutting trades, we must have loss trades in the basket .... if we did not all trades would be positive and we would not need to consider a cut as we would not have any DD

So we are back to the same problem as I see it, by cutting the least profitable ( which must be the largest losing trade ) in isolation we are immediately reducing the account balance .... I have never been able to see the advantage of doing this on purpose

The need to cut trades at a certain level before adding new is absolutely the whole point, to stabalise the Margin Level, but why purposely choose a method that reduces the account balance

I uderstand that as soon as there is no profit trade to cut the balance has to start reducing, no option if we cut trades, but by cutting a winner and a loser together whenever a profit trade is available we at least prolong the opportunity for a pop before the account balance starts reducing, which has to be a better way do you not think ?

--- 帖子 #814 ---
TheMaxx post 770
Isn't this idea predicated on the idea that the system will go into DD more often than it will go into profit?
Roundrock reply post 771
Yes .....
most ( i dont have stats, but most of them) trades have at least 1 cut loser, which means we can at least expect 2% DD

My conclusion
If we can ascertain if Roundrock’s statement is correct and most trades do go into DD before profit all we presumably need to do is trade the opposite direction

After all DD is only a pop in reverse !

I have for a while been playing with the logic of a Hedged Baskets Phantom, which might find a way to take advantage of this very thing

So is it true or false has to be the first question ?

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Ok, Im going to post this again, same as last Sunday. You guys are getting wrapped up in the account balance. It does not matter what the account balance is, only the account equity. Now look at your open phantom trades, close a winning trade and look at your equity, now close a losing trade and look at your equity. Tell me what you see?

Or look at it this way, if trader A has 0.00 account balance and 500.00 in open trade profit, and trader B has 500.00 account balance and - 500.00 in open trade loss, whos account would you want to have?

Ok now thats out of the way. Lets look at the main problem of getting too many trades in a basket.

Alot of the mods that came about from the origanal ideas from MC, were to limit the number of trades (ie; "x" factor, pip_step, trading hours, cut loser, etc). Those of us who have been testing for awhile realized that too many trades in a basket slowed the way to equity pop. Most of the mods have worked good, but we still get that ocasional basket thats starts building up trades in a choppy market.  Start getting drawdown and the thoughts of the "death basket" creep in. Everyone has their own tolerance level, but for me when I  get around the 5% drawdown level is when I start to get uncomfortable. Now dont get me wrong, I think the EA has alot of potential. I have many weeks of 8-10 basket closes and minimal drawdown and thing are great. So we just have to figure out how to clean things up when the market is not going our way.

Ok, the two biggest problems from my experience.

1. one of the pairs is moving up, phantom takes 3-4 trades, market reverses and your stuck with losers.

2. one of your pairs is moving down, pair retraces up, phantom takes few trades, market then resumes down, stuck with losers. (and vise versa if the pair trades short)

this happens once, no problem, your counter balance trades kick in and all is well. The problem is when this happens over and over the trades start to build up. One of the reasons I use a small profit percent on my baskets.

I posted last week how I had a basket in 10% DD. this basket has performed well since november (no more than 5% maxDD). I decided to manually intervene and got the DD down to 3% and then let the basket run. Well in closed in profit monday morn and then had 5 more equity pops during the week. The more I trade these, the more I think you may have to, at some point, use your brain and not the computer. That was the first and only time I ever manually intervened in running this phantom. I was even willing to close the basket and take a small loss if didnt come back, because over all, I know I had over 100 profitable baskets before this happened.

Just my thoughts, I dont know if we could ever code enough safeguards into the EA to avoid all the possable pitfalls. This post is long enough so I wont get into how I manually intervened to get the basket back. It was my own way of doing it and I think everyone would have their own feeling on this.

All you guys have come up with some great ideas so keep testing and lets throw things out there to debate.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
By " you guys " you will be referring to me  ... Ok, slapped wrists and at the risk of making myself look a total idiot .........

No matter if we are referring to balance when we should have been referring to equity the fact is if you close a losing trade it is negative, if you close a profit trade it is positive, if you close one of each at the same monetary value it is no change .... hope I got this correct

If we are closing losers in isolation the remaining basket has to produce a larger pop to recover these lost trades, yes ?

So again closing a loss and a profit at the same time keeps the status quo and only requires the same size pop to reach profit target as it did when we first opened a trade

I do not see the sense in making it harder for the basket to pop

Thorn

I am very pleased you are taking the time to read the posts and contribute, because you have clearly been trading these Phantoms alot longer than some of us new upstarts ( and I mean me here )

Please keep slapping my wrists !

I think I will now just let the ea do its thing and concentrate on manual intervention when I think necessary rather than hoping for some help in automating it

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Hey JCS, I understand. Seeing your balance drop has a negative effect on your brain. LOL.

Once you have drawdown it doesnt matter if you close a winner or loser or both. You still need to gain winning trades to get the equity pop. The whole concept of cutiing loser trades was just saying , ok, this pair is going in the wrong direction so lets cut it to avoid any further drain on equity, and let the phantom take trades on pairs going in right direction. Now it works real well sometimes, I have had many baskets close soon after cutting some losers. I will give you example from my last basket close. On my phantom I trade eurusd short and eurcad long. you can see on chart both going down last few days. on small retrace i ended up with a eurcad long and going with trend phantom picked up some good eurusd shorts. Now as both went down eurusd trades gaining value eurcad losing. It got to point of where eurcad was cut. It then went down another 50 pips and basket closed soon after. If that trade didnt get cut it would have dragged down equity those additional 50 pips maybe not got closure of basket. That happens often enough that I keep the cut loser option in.

Does it happen the other way too? Sure it does. I have seen trades cut then the pair turns around and goes other direction. Dont get bent out of shape if you get quite a few cut losing trades in a basket. I sometimes get 10-15 in a row and then basket closes in profit.

Just keep an eye on your equity. Only you can decide how you want it to play out and how much drawdown you can tolerate. Like I said I only intervened once in 3 1/2 months because it got to level I no longer trusted the computer to get me out.

I have also played with the idea of maybe stepping in sooner. For example if you get a couple of smallish losing long trades on a pair that is in a long downtrend maybe just cut them early. We have all seen how phantom sometimes takes a trade on the smallest of retraces. That also applies in reverse, if you have a couple of small winners on a retrace why not cut them now before they turn into losers if the trend continues.

I have always been a trend trader so its against my nature to go against the trend. Still thinking about this because the phantoms work pretty good as is and I dont want to start over complicating things. But this is the approach I took when I had to rescue my last basket so maybe Ill leave that idea to any further rescues I need to make.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Least absolute value of open profit, regardless of win or loss.

So with +100, -250, +50, -35 in open profits,   we would choose -35.

The 'cut losers' strategy is independent---there you're presumably assuming that there's a trend which will persist and you're trading opposite.

No, I'm not sure about that. Open DD is just as important as closed (after all, except for transaction costs you could always close and re-open).  If you have a trade which goes pear-shaped, eat it at some point.

Prolonging the opportunity also means not resetting the phantom for a long time, which may not be so wise.  (I don't like the idea of resetting every 8 hours, I think the times at which they reset after a close {close to local extrema often} may be informative and contribute to an edge. Just a feeling not backed by data).

Also, the performance statistics from MT4 are only on the closed trades and so they can hide bad performance of persistent drawdowns and last-minute recoveries.  That's a dangerous strategy---it will appear to be better in testing than it really is. Some day it will really go very bad. I think minimizing excessive open drawdown is necessary to be realistic.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Hello,

and good evening.

After some tests (actually I am running over 60) I have chosen Alpari-UK because it is the only that allows a leverage 500:1, is under GB law and doesn't limit the leverage with large real accounts.

I decided to compare the results (P/L, Lowest margin used, etc.) about Phantom6_01a, Phantom6_01x, Phantom6_01xR (3rd version), Phantom_AddSix_02a, Ph_AddSix_02ax (without features) and Ph_AddSix_02ax using the PipStep set to 10, UseTradingHours off and CutLoserMultiplier set to 1,5.

Other parameters are:

Currency: EUR

Initial balance: 10,000

MaxMarginToUse: 6.0

ProfitPct: 2.5

With these last settings I tripled an AVAFx demo account using not so margin (more than 250%) and Phantom_AddSix_02a (click here for details: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab3/stats).

The tests will start in around 2 hours and it will live in 2 different places, a VPS and my dedicated PC: those 2 multiple tests will be perfectly identical.

Also this time I'll publish the live stats on Mt4i.com, here the URLs:

VPS test:

Phantom6_01a: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph6_01a/stats

Phantom6_01x: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph6_01x/stats

Phantom6_01xR: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph6_01xr/stats

Phantom_AddSix_02: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph66_02a/stats

Ph_AddSix_02ax with flat setup: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph66_02axs/stats

Ph_AddSix_02ax with PS and CLT set to on (as decribed up here): http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph66_02axa/stats

PC test:

Phantom6_01a: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph6_01a/stats

Phantom6_01x: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph6_01x/stats

Phantom6_01xR: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph6_01xr/stats

Phantom_AddSix_02: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph66_02a/stats

Ph_AddSix_02ax with flat setup: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph66_02axs/stats

Ph_AddSix_02ax with PS and CLT set to on (as decribed up here): http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph66_02axa/stats

I really hope this will help.

Good evening and profitable trades.

/achab

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Sure you can,but there are no guarantees that you will always win. Some folks on this thread I believe have reported trading with only $500 and doing well.

If you trade with a small balance, it is always best to use a broker like IBFX that offers a true mini account where 1 pip is just 1 cent and 2 decimal place lot sizing.

Glad you like dropbox. I think it is great.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Here is an answer I received from a broker when I asked about margin calls.

That means it is a combination of number of trades and whether and how much they are winning or losing. If all your trades are winners you could have an infinite number of trades and still have a very high margin level. On the other hand if they are all losers you could be at 100% with relatively few open trades. To me it does not make sense to close winning trades. Closing losers will always help margin level.

When I asked for more detail about the closing process I received this.

Note that this broker uses 2 terms to describe what we traders refer to as a Margin CALL. We don't consider the turning red as a margin call, it is just a warning. What he calls a Margin Stop Out is what we think of as a margin call.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Achab,

That should be interesting. Question though, MMTU 6.0 at  500:1 on only a 10 k acct. That would seem a bit extreme in lot size. Would you trade it live with those settings? Either way it will be interesting to monitor your results. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Hi, I'm rewriting my own version of the Phantom6 to make it more generic.

In particular, I'd like to have various sets of 6 balanced pairs "pre-selected", e.g. combination 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, etc.

So can people post their 6-pair combinations that they've used (or seen) as long as they aren't repetitive with previously posted ones:

In my new version the # of buys does not need to equal the # of sells (as you can see this is totally arbitrary choice as to how banks decided to quote pairs).

For reference, the current one is:

buy GBPUSD

buy USDCHF

buy EURJPY

sell GBPCHF

sell CHFJPY

sell EURCHF

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Roundrock,

If you are still out there I would be interested in something like this.

1. <user input> Start phantoms at ** gmt. (ex. 1 hour before eu open)

2. <user input> Start live trades at ** gmt. (ex. start at eu open)

3. <user input> at ** gmt close basket if profit = **% (ex. at ny close close basket if profit = .3%)

4. If user input profit percent not reached continue to run EA as normal.

5. If profit percent is hit, sleep ea until time specified in line 1.

6. If basket continues to run (line 4) reset phantoms at time specified in line 1.

All the other options like pip step, cut loser, x factor could be user designed as true/false with the appropriate inputs. Trading hours as is now wouldnt be needed since this would specify the times ea can trade.

I think this is pretty close to the idea you outlined in the post. I dont know enough coding to do this myself and I would only ask you to code if you were interested. Not sure which phantom you would code like this but whatever one, I know enough to cut and paste the needed changes into other EA's.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
MB, I use the folowing  6 pair sets(3)

set 1 (no YEN,CHF)

BUYS: GBPUSD/EURCAD/EURGBP

SELLS: EURUSD/EURAUD/AUDCAD

set 2 (no AUD,GBP)

BUYS: EURCHF/CHFJPY/USDJPY

SELLS: EURJPY/USDCAD/CADJPY

set 3 (no EUR,CAD)

BUYS: AUDUSD/GBPAUD/NZDJPY

SELLS: GBPUSD/NZDUSD/USDJPY

Set 1 has always been my most profitable on test. I have used 2 and 3 but find them not as profitable. But that may only be a matter of timing. Remember to consider spread cost when designing a basket (dont use weird ones like gbp/nzd)

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Thanks a bunch!

I wonder if the profitability difference is due to unbalanced lotsize.  If you remember, I posted about normalizing the lot sizes depending on the first currency of a pair.  1 lot of GBPxxx is more money than 1 lot of NZDxxx.

Notice that set 1 has 1 GBP 5 EUR and 1 AUD.  Relative to dollars that's more money per trade than sets 2 and 3 which have more USD and NZD

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Thanks guys, two excellent posts leaving me with much to think about

--- 帖子 #828 ---
THANKS VERY MUCH FOR YOUR EFFORT HERE.

This is exactly what is needed in estimating which version is "right" for the individual trader.

Mike

--- 帖子 #829 ---
I would truly appreciate a recommendation for a broker who allows US traders and micro lots with STP pricing to use on this BOT.

Please advise....

Thanks

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Completely agree with your statement..

I have been testing almost all version of ea posted in this thread and my observation is that ea perform well first few days of a week and when market turn back ea got stuck in the middle. When ea faces 4-5 cut lossers it take avg 2-3 day to recover and in that period it cut more cut lossssers and thus result in more dd.

So to come out with thiss issue i am testing new strategy. I have posted my strategy last few posts before but nobody replied.

Its is oberved that when ea cut losser, at that time ea trades with floating profit. So the idea is to book that floating profit and reopen only positive trades from existing basket. if it continue to follow this strategy ea will take less time for recovery and dd will be under control.

Right now i am coding new ea with following strategy but facing some problem becuase of my coding limitations...Ea trade with 6 pairs same as phantom

1. EA stores starting price as opening price and open trades only when individual pair gains pips eaqual to PP target.

2. Clossing any lossing pair in between and book floating profit as said above and reopens only winning pairs.

3. Clossing basket after hitting PP

4. After clossing basket it immediately reopens only winning pairs from previous basket and add pairs according to criteria mention in 1st step.

I am trying to code this but unable to finish coding. But I think any experience coder can code this one better than me.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Im only testing 3k accounts so all my trades are .01(10 cent). But your right there is difference in the value of each pip move, maybe if I ever trade higher lots that would be a consideration.

Edit: To be fair I have not really tested set 2 and 3 that much to get a true feel. Did very well with set 1 so Ive kinda stuck to it.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Any reason you want so many different sets of pairs? Is there something you will look at to decide which one to use? I had an idea one time to match up my set according to how each buy and sell were trending at the time and giving each a value, then deciding to trade the "trendiest" set. Never got around to it as you would probably have to switch them out alot as the trends changed. But Im a trend trader at heart so thats just my thinking.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Just to make it easy to change with a parameter.

No, the set would be fixed. The idea would be to run multiple sets simultaneously (in different accounts) for diversification.

Note that for any set, there is the opposite, where all buys become sells and vice versa.

I wonder if we run a 'normal' and 'mirror' set in separate accounts that the results might be anti-correlated somewhat so that if one is in big drawdown, the other would be pumping out profitable baskets at the same time.

I'm implementing these ideas now.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
I have run a very similar senario to this

Because I can't code and hence write a ' mirror' ea I was using a reverse trade copier to mirror the normal trades in a second account with an indipendant trade manager ea to sort out the PP etc, all of which was proving to be very clumsy to configure

The obvious problem with this set up was ( or seemed to be as I recall ) that after the mirror account closed a profitable basket it simply went on to copy further trades from the unclosed normal basket instead of starting its own new basket and hence I had to switch it off after a close and wait for the normal basket to close before switching it back on again ( hope that makes sense, I am thinking it probably does not unless you could see what I am trying to describe for yourself ) ... anyways

Up to the time when I got so frustrated with the limitations of having to do it this way and gave up I can say that almost without fail the ' mirror ' account when starting with a new normal basket hit PP and booked profit seemingly very easily

I am sure there is a lot of promise in what you are doing and hope you continue to share the results, and of course your new ' mirror ' ea ... hint

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Oh yeah, MB, your code is HOT, looking forward to it.

mine:

long:

gbpusd, usdchf, eurjpy

short:

eurusd, usdjpy, gbpchf

i feel mine is more volatile than yours, is it a good thing or a bad thing?

--- 帖子 #836 ---
I was also thinking on the same lines and here is the alteration I did on 2a. It seems to be working ok. My idea is to  start this EA with an offset of 30 min from the main EA. Only wish we could run both EAs on the same platform and see how it works out.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
I am going to enjoy playing with this, thanks

Why the 30 minute offset ?

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Running things in the "mirror" (as above) is not what I had in mind.  If you reverse buy/sell pairs it will not mirror the exact trades, because basket closes and opens will happen at different times.  Much of the time won't be particularly correlated or anticorrelated because of this.

Hope: if there is a sharp trend which is causing big DD in one of the accounts, we may be able to make up for this in the other as one hopes it will be banking a number of baskets dominated by that currency pair.

This will be statistical (i.e. nowhere near perfect) anticorrelation, but any amount helps.

Side note: I think there isn't any realistic way for people to be successful in automated trading unless (a) they learn how to program themselves, and reasonably well, or, (b) they can pay a programmer over and over. Instead of going for hacks, just start to learn programming (MT4 is not a good environment to start).

--- 帖子 #839 ---
[quote=mbkennel;4376642]

Running things in the "mirror" (as above) is not what I had in mind. If you reverse buy/sell pairs it will not mirror the exact trades, because basket closes and opens will happen at different times. Much of the time won't be particularly correlated or anticorrelated because of this.

Probably what I was experiencing, but could not describe

Side note: I think there isn't any realistic way for people to be successful in automated trading unless (a) they learn how to program themselves, and reasonably well, or, (b) they can pay a programmer over and over. Instead of going for hacks, just start to learn programming (MT4 is not a good environment to start)

I am sure you are correct
Alas my life is nearer the end than the beginning, so not much chance of me getting to grips with programming now, hence I am somewhat totally dependant upon the generousity of others in this respect

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Hi

I am new to this interesting thread. There are many versions of Phantom 6 EAs.

Can any one help me suggest the better performing EA Version with settings so that I can try it

Thanks in advance.

arasheed

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Thanks for this achab I appreciate your extensive testing. I noticed that your VPS test of phantom6_01xr is showing a monthly return of +2448.2%, while your PC test is showing -0.3%.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Hi TheMaxx,

the live stats are updated every 5 minutes and I noticed that this EA have cut some losing positions. In this moment it's loosing more than 450 EUR (Monthly return -53.9%).

We need a week, at least, to watch some results (the first position was opened just after the last midnight). I have chosen MT4i because everybody can download also the spreadsheet and makes his own calculation in every moment.

In fact, while the VPS version is loosing, the PC version is gaining a lot (Monthly return +2448.2%).

Here the stats:
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph6_01xr/stats, VPS
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph6_01xr/stats, PC

I wish you all a nice day.

/achab

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Hi arasheed,

the choice of a Broker is very personal, in my opinion. I have studied quite enough and I decided to trade with Alpari-UK, even if I am already trading with AAAFx.

Up here you will find my personal reasons I have chosen this specific one.

Anyway, it depends on your trading style, behavior and character. In other words, you have to find yours, not mine.

/achab

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Still don't know it, I am testing also for verifying profits and risk, and when I'll find a setting that balances my propensity to risk I'll start again. Probably (it's only a preliminary idea) the MMTU will be 3 and the PS 1.0.

By the way, I'm actually live trading with this EA, using AAAFx broker. Actual settings are very conservative:

Leverage 100:1

MMTU 0.2

PP 0.2

Lots used 0.02 (only 2 micro lots)

The lowest margin is, at this moment, 1386% and since it started (on 2011-02-01, 07:00) it did close no basket yet, but is has open buys 13 and open sells 6. The Floating P/L is -82 EUR and the actual margin is 2,770.98.

Good afternoon.

/achab

--- 帖子 #845 ---
I have the Phantom add6-02-a running on 1 demo account. $5k/ 500:1/ min lot size =.1

It took zero trades since market open yesterday.

EA has smiley face in upper right corner and is set using standard parameters with 2 changes

margin .75

PP      1.0

should this EA have traded? The EA 6-01-xr is trading like mad.

Mike

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Could you please post a download link for your version (3rd) version of this bot.

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Here you are: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4363824.

/achab

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Add a picture of the display so we can help you, but I suppose your broker doesn't have one of the pairs you need, at least.

/achab

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Skeff - go to the 1st post, click on MetaCoder's name and find his FAQ thread. That will likely have the solution to your problem.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Would it be possible to provide us with a mirror of the EA at Post 742?

--- 帖子 #851 ---
reversing the order type (buy to sll, sell to buy) ---- existing DD will result in  new PP. but about the new DD baskets ? would they come back to reach PP ? We dont know until we test. as always the issue is with those 'bad' baskets

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Roundrock,

This seems like an interesting idea to demo using Phantom6 01xR (posted on 02 Feb 2011) particularly during the slow afternoon US and Asia sessions.

2 Sub-baskets trading at a higher leveraged account with a more sensible MMTU for the non-european trade sessions could make us more profitable.

Leaving only the DD issue to tackle.

Could I impose on your generosity once more and ask that you provide us with a mirror version of the Phantom 601XR EA? The structure remains the same, the phantom monitoring remains the same, save that we enter a ..... [EDIT: trade in the opposite direction, so for example a normal Sell E/U trade would under this variant be a Buy E/U trade] for every winning phantom.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Just to clear up some confusion: my notion of a "mirror" EA is that the 'buy' and 'sell' identity of the 6 pairs are reversed.  But it still needs to be the best performing pair in phantom to make a trade. Since the pair sets are different from BUY and SELL this will result in different trades.  In fact, every trade in the mirror EA is forbidden in the original and vice versa.

It does NOT mean that whenever the original EA would do a buy the mirror should do a sell.

Think about it this way: there is freedom in choosing the pairs for the basket as long as they are balanced (i.e. 1 unit in everything should mean neutral---which is why balancing lotsize is important IMHO).

How people decided which were buys and which were sells is arbitrary.  So for every valid 6 pair set, the mirror set is also valid.  That's all.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Hi achab

Thank you for replying, What I had sought IS to know about Any one of these many EAs most followed along with its setting and not about THE BROKERS.

So please help me to identify ONE successful EA such as Phanthom 3 02a or other ? Thank You

Hi arasheed,

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Ciao to everybody,

first of all I have to forgive me for my mistake I did about the Phantom6_01a running on VPS: its leverage is 100:1 instead the PC one (500:1). I didn't noticed it while I was installing the MT4.

The consequence is that those results are not comparable. I apologize for that.

Anyway, the very first impression I have after 10 hours of test is that VPS is winning. As I expected I got "stochastic" results, that's why I let the tests started before the weekly opening of the market.

Apart Phantom6_01a, any EA running on the VPS gains more than the EA running on the PC. Trying to answer to myself, I think that the higher speed, the lower delay I have because of VPS connection, have an important role. Let's also consider that this VPS costs "only" 20 Euros per month, nothing if compared with the difference of results.

I think I'll continue to use VPS for real trading.

Secondarily, looking to the evidence, we could say that Phantom6_01xR is best performing; it seems the best EA, among the others. But I can't agree with this, for one single reason: I prefer weaker performance but stabler. In other words, if the Phantom6_01xR is (actually) loosing on my PC and the other is winning "a lot" on VPS, it means it's too unstable. On the contrary the Phantom_AddSix_02a is the second performer on the both platforms.

If the results will confirm this, which one would you choose for a real trading?

Good night.

/achab

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Hi arasheed,

we all are looking for the best EA, and we are here - reading and writing and coding and testing - because of that, for studying and understanding how to setup it and which one to use.

Any of them is profitable: they works greatly. With many different settings.

But the question is: how long before they will blow up my real account?

No one can answer on this question.

By the way, try Phantom_AddSix_02a and Phantom_01xR on two demo accounts, than choose.

Also my previous post can help you.

Bye.

/achab

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Achab...

I realize you have considerable work into the testing of this (these) EA's but is it possible for you to post a link to each download for the versions you are testing currently?

Thanks in advance,

Mike

--- 帖子 #858 ---
This is what the EA I posted exactly does. It is an independent EA and  it works like any other EA here. In the original EA GBPUSD can take only buy orders where as in this EA only sell for GU  when trade conditions are met. Hope this is what you meant.

My idea was that, if any single pair is contributing to the drawdown, it could be a winner in the other direction.

But, as roundrock mentioned, this could result in a basket with it's own set of problems.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
In one day of testing (using a nonstandard basket choice), I had the luck of seeing the 'normal' and the 'mirror' both lose quite effectively.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
So mirror should work in a different manner than the regular EA. May be accepting the loss and closing the basket at a fixed percentage is the only way to go, hoping that the next basket will trade in the correct direction.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
In your own intended way of trading a ' mirror ', yes OK, it might not

This whole issue can get very complex, but I will throw out the following for debate / correction etc ..... don't shoot me, I am not saying anything will or will not work, just theorising

I think what everyone is seeing with the normal Phantom is a basket of trades that develops into DD with negative equity and $ amounts and thinking good grief if only we had sold eurusd instead of buying it ( same with the other symbols ) we could have booked a nice profit
And we have all seen this happen many many times before, with large DD and $ sums involved before an eventual recovery happens

To take advantage of this does simply require a mirror ea that takes the opposite position of the original ... but it will only be of use one time in the course of a normal phantom ea cycle, and it has concequences if the trade direction does not go as we expect

Eg, we start the normal and mirror at the same time, they take opposite trades, normal goes into DD, mirror goes into profit, we close the mirror at a predetermined profit level ... we must now leave the mirror dormant until the normal basket has closed
If we continue trading the mirror immediately after a take profit it will start taking the new trades generated from that point only and will no longer reflect a mirror of the overall normal ea basket

We expect the normal ea to do its thing and recover to a profit also, at which point we start both ea's again and repeat
So we double the overall risk to get 2 small profitable trades each cycle

It would be sensible and necessary to gain an advantage I believe to have the mirror ea target a much larger PP than the normal ea, to try and capture the larger DD situations, and have a breakeven set itself at some $ profit level as protection against the expected reversal

Now the difficult part
What if the normal ea does not go into DD but after opening a few trades without much movement in either direction produces the pop and closes
Because there has not been sufficient DD to have the mirror set a breakeven it is now in DD and with negative equity and $ amounts

So we now trade out the mirror basket to a conclusion, but would we now have to leave the normal ea dormant ?
The question seems to be will ( and do you believe ) a mirror basket performs in the same manner as a normal basket if left to generate its own add on trades from its own reverse logic internal coding, and is capable of recovery to produce a profitablable result

As all symbols go both up and down it may be reasonable to say it will recover at some point

If we believe it will, then are we not just saying the logic of the normal ea is not dependant upon adding the biggest winner only, but also works with adding the biggest loser ....... and if so could we not simply trade the 2 ea's independantly expecting a positive outcome from both eventually
Again twice the risk for twice the small profit, so is it worth it ?

I don't think this can be answered by discussion etc, but only by extensive testing, the possible permutations are too large and complicated .... EDIT, and probably a good reason to concentrate on the normal ea's we have and work to finding a more palatable way of trading it in a live situation

EDIT ...... Rounrock's idea ( post 767 ) is also trying to benefit from the DD situation of a normal phantom

I am inclined to think Roundrocks idea would be better to persue and try to find a working solution for, simply because it uses the existing phantom and hence the logic which we know seems to work with appropriate manual intervention

--- 帖子 #862 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=262936

for

Phantom6_01.mq4

Phantom6_01a.mq4

Phantom_AddSix_02a.mq4

Phantom6_01x.mq4

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4363824

for

Phantom6_01xR.mq4

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4360063

for

Ph_AddSix_02ax_CL_TH_PS_achab.mq4

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Here it is my morning update:

The Phantom_01xR seems to have an evil into its body: it gains height again, from -50% (yesterday night) up to 12500 (+2500, +25%) plus some positive floating P/L, in this moment.

The other Phantom6_01xR (running on VPS) is still running very fast towards higher profits (+5,192, +51,92% in 36 hours).

In second row we have Phantom_AddSix_02a only VPS because on my PC the second place is taken from Phantom6_01a (+2,650, +26.50%).

Shortly:

Phantom_AddSix_02a results:

VPS, +2,583 (+25,83%), DD -19,73%, Lowest Margin 233.34%

PC, +2,262 (+22,62%), DD -9.68%, Lowest Margin 371.58%

Phantom6_01xR results:

VPS, +5,192 (+51,92%), DD -3,04%, Lowest Margin 133,19%

PC, +2,540 (+25,4%), DD -5,33%, Lowest Margin 88.52%

Note that Alpari-UK didn't sell any position because it starts to close position only when the margin is below 21% (yes, 21% only).

/achab

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Thanks for this Achab. My personal "feeling" on all of this is that all the phantoms produce roughly the same returns (my preference is actually the original unmodified phantom - Phantom6_01.mq4), but the reason Phantom6_01xR performs better than the other phantoms is due to the pairs traded. That's just my "feeling" and is not based on concrete tests.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Thank you Achab,

This is the answer I was looking for from the Senior Member.

Now I can at least begin with the suggested EAs.

arasheed

--- 帖子 #866 ---
It means we have to test Phantom6_01xR with same crosses that original 01 has.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
After I posted this I looked at the 6_01xR code and I think I'm wrong. The way 6_01xR works with 2 small baskets is different to the original Phantom6 method. I don't really understand how  6_01xR  works - I think I'm going to just test thorn's pairs:

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Here you are:

Test #14 is already running, see the live stats clicking http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph6_01xr2/stats.

I also attached the set file.

Enjoy!

/achab

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Hahah you're 10 steps ahead of me!!!

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Thanks. But I like this environment, frankly speaking; it means it's really easy and intriguing for me.

So, are the settings correct, as you wanted?

/achab

P.S.: The EA has already opened (14:25 my time) the first position; target profit is $187.50 and floating P/L is +67 Eur.... Ops... -37 now.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Achab.....you are testing the original versions????

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Hi Achab....here is a screenshot of 1 demo I have and can't seem to get the bot running. Any ideas?

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Yes, your settings are the ones I was planning on testing.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Hi guys.....

Does anyone have a tutorial on how to run trading platforms on a VPS? It's a new concept for me and I don't have a clue how it works....I know what it is and the benefits just don't know how to get my platforms on an outside server.

Thanks in advance,

Mike

--- 帖子 #875 ---
You log in and it looks like a normal windows PC. Fire up the browser and download metatrader.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Do they all work that way Pete?

Got a preference on who to use?

--- 帖子 #877 ---
If they have windows hosting they will work like that. My preference is www.swvps.com, but seach through this forum and you'll see the same love/hate reviews as you see for brokers.

I started this thread:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=263511

and there's some more info in there. Some people recommend a VPS from a company that doesn't specialise in forex hosting - that's fine, just make sure that they will allow you to run applications 24/7 when you close your session (eg godday and 1and1 close your applications when you close your session).

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Yes. Almost. I mean, the one with "achab" as suffix has only one difference about what to display (MMTU an PP), the rest is identical.

Others are identical too.

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Look at the arrows: until you wil not have those crosses, your EA will open no trade.

It happened it to me too, and I asked my broker to add those crosses. Anyway, a "full demo" is better. Just ask and get your 5 missing crosses.

/achab

--- 帖子 #880 ---
that;s actually the one I am testing on 4 different accts with different leverage and setups. Am having some difficulty getting it to trade at all on 2 though. (see previoous post with image)

--- 帖子 #881 ---
oops didn't see this.....Thanks

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Here is a screenshot of another platform that isn't trading. I see that 1 cross shows zero....but they do show data. It's just at zero when I took the shot. Hasn't traded.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
for 4 days addsix_2a caused a huge dd (-50%)! time to rethink!

was my setting wrong? i had it on demo for a couple of months before live..

on a 5k account

MMTU 2.0

profit percent: 0.5

--- 帖子 #884 ---
How can I reset the last flat balance?

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Hit F3.  Then edit the appropriate global variable.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
THX MB

--- 帖子 #887 ---
whats the leverage ? how you derived these settings ? after testing or some randomly chosen numbers ?  MMTU 2.0 is very very high. Most people here use 0.4

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Can you help me figure out why I have to set the MMTU at 50 in order to get the lot siz to .65 on this demo???

<grin> I'm baffled. The demo was originally opened at $100k. I contacted the broker and changed the balance to $2500. I believe that the EA is still using MMTU based on the $100k balance.

Anybody?

--- 帖子 #889 ---
you cannot expect the others to teach you from a,b,c and 1+1 = 2, can you?

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Leverage 100:1

I derived these settings after running it successfully on a demo account for about 3 months or so

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Actually.... I can. It is a forum and forums are great for learning a lot of things. Thanks for your input.

If anyone knows how to reset the global parameter that handles this... I am all ears.

Thanks in advance...

Mike

--- 帖子 #892 ---
As you can see from my post count I'm a newbie here. I have considered downloading and testing some of these EAs. I've held off because I know I would have several questions about their operation.

This thread and some others using MCs basics leave me with the impression that they only want very advanced users.

I participate in many Internet Forums. I always try to help when I can, and I have learned a great deal on different topics from the sharing and interaction. I thought that's what Forums are all about!

So I, and probably many others, will just continue to sit on the sidelines here.

Rod

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Hi TheMaxx,

as you can see the test was negative; see how it has blown up (http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph6_01xr2/stats).

To be sure I restart it with the same settings and on the same computer. Here you have the new stats: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph6_01xr3/stats.

Do you bet it will blow up too?

/achab

--- 帖子 #894 ---
I guess we need a lower MMTU and PP then.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
F3 key on your keyboard. You can delete globals or modify.

--- 帖子 #896 ---
I know its a long thread but take some time to skim thru it. Many of your questions may be answered that way. If not ask away. But please at least make an effort to read up at least on the basics of how the phantoms operate. I dont mind answering questions but its frustrating if people come in and start asking questions that are answered in the first post. To be honest, I never used mt4 or even knew what an ea was until 4 months ago so I probably couldnt answer tech questions about mt4. Read the posts from metacoder,frazerd,roundrock and a few others that have posted from early on. And dont sit on the sidelines, grab some and test, thats how you learn and come up with your own ideas.

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Hi, Achab,  your tests are very comprehensive, and valuable to watch.

however, i have a personal opinion that i'm not sure if that might be useful to you.

take me for example, i imagine that i have 20000$ to trade a LIVE account with 1:200 leverage.

Will I trade it with high MMTU so that every position is 0.5 lot or 1 lot?

Probably not, because it is real money, i won't risk it.

but for demo, we'd like to test the risk and how "strong" the EA can perform, we give it starting lot size like 1 lot or 2 lots.

now you set up 10 such demo accounts to run for 1 yr.

at the end of this yr, 7 accounts get to 500%+, 3 accounts blowed up, and you are going to trade LIVE.

the key question: are you going to trade LIVE using similar lotsize?

if me, I'll not.

then, say, what about 1 or 2 accounts blowed up, and 8 or 9 accounts get 500% return? some might just go ahead trade LIVE it, but I might still not.

my point is that if it is impossible to use a setting in LIVE trading, it'll be much less meaningful to test it on demo.  it'll be great that you can also add some conservative settings to test.

many thanks again! my 1 cent for discussion...

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Hi Thorn and thanks for taking the time to help me....

I there isn't a global (it seems) to reset the MMTU variable. Here's the situation. When the demo was opened by the broker in question, he set the account balance for 100k. I emailed him to set it at 2500 which he did. I had mistakenly assumed that the EA would recognoize the new account balance (as if I had made a withdrawl). The Account was flat when the change was made but it still seemed to affect the parameter.

Any help you could afford me is appreciated.

Mike

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Remove the EA.  Clear all global variables.  Put the EA on again .

--- 帖子 #900 ---
After 12 hours it gained 6.08% (+456.68 / 7,500), using MMTU=6 and PP=2.5.

Now I changed the settings: MMTU=3, PP=1,5.

Let's wait...

--- 帖子 #901 ---
As you can see, the temporary winner of this test is Phantom6_01xR.

But, by the other hand, watch at the rollercoaster...!

|

V

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Wow! I don't think I have the stones to sit through that type of drawdown in a real account.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Here's the one you've been waiting for.

39 losers cut, no basket close for 3 days, closed 37 trade basket to take 1.7% profit, then quickly closed another basket of 3 for another 1%.

There was never any danger of a margin call - lowest margin 501.45%.

The demo is up 13.56% in less than 2 weeks.

Please note that 2 of the trades that were cut were the only 2 recovery trades in the basket. So the recovery strategy is not effective when used with cut losers.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Thanks for this comprehensive report.

Though results are promising equity curve really looks scary. I don't know what else can be done to make this curve smoother..

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Is this one any better for you ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Definitely is. Which one is this?

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Don't you just get the feeling nobody pays any attention and all your posts and efforts are all in vain !

--- 帖子 #908 ---
I've got a better equity curve. Original Phantom6_01, running since 12 Dec.

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Good reply !

I will be posting latest updated results later today

--- 帖子 #910 ---
sometimes

--- 帖子 #911 ---
These look good Achab:
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph66_02a/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph66_02axs/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph6_01a/stats

--- 帖子 #912 ---
i fixed the use trading hours issue. you can specify the phantom start time, trading start time , end time. at session close if no trades then it goes to sleep mode till next day session. at session close if there are trades, you have a smaller pp, ea tries to close the existing basket at this smaller PP and after the basket is closed, goes to sleep

times are based on yr broker, pl change. mine is GMT-5

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Week ending 11 Feb current results

Method - Post 740

Settings

Alpari UK 500:1 standard account ( 0.01 min lot size - $3,000 starting balance )

Phantom6_01xR
Check Minute 15
Recovery False
Cut Loser Trades False
Trading Hours True ... start 5 finish 17
MMTU 2
ProfitPct 1

Current Results

13 x 12 hour trading sessions

Closed Baskets .... Toooooo many to count any more !
Account Profit 86%

--- 帖子 #914 ---
How did you get a $3K starting balance with the Alpari demo? I could only open in $5K increments.

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Well, just edit the numbers in the box by overwriting ... took me half a year to figure that out

A short word to testing at Alpari ... we should bear in mind that Alpari has limits for micro / cent accounts. These 2 annoying ones are : Only 2.0 lots in total and only 100 trades in total (applies also for standard accounts, on the pro i am not sure).

Thus I select my mmtu percentage to match 0.01 lots respectively 0.02 (100 trades @ 0.02 = 2.0 max lot)

All other settings might not to be applied on live accounts, cause they are very sure to burn your account.

Just my cents ... cheers all, xxl

--- 帖子 #916 ---
what's the magic of your curve? Maxx.

mind introducing your leverage and setting? or the statement summary?

i cannot imagine a relatively low capital account can so elegantly sail thru the market.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
thanks xxl good to know

IBFX 50:1 demo running untouched since 12 Dec. Phantom6_01.mq4 from the 1st post in the thread. Full statement and settings file attached.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Most efforts here are spent to find that "golden ratio".  the "ratio" is roughly, imo, of entry frequency vs risk.  Congradulations! seemingly, your run finds that sweet spot.

it is only my personal feeling that neither entry too many/fast or too few/slow is good in controlling risk (margin).  your settings are very valuable to verify my guess.  Many Thanks!

Everything below is approx. :

On average, daily postions are 13~15.  many baskets have 20+ positions. every position is microlot, 1 pip, 1 dime.  this means 0.2 lot for 20+ pos, and $500 capital is used due to 1:50 leverage.  (or 1000$? my calculation might be wrong...)

it is shocking to me, i use IBFX mini LIVE, 100$, margin call twice this month. but if i trade with 300$, that'll be like your capital size since mini vs micro = 1 vs 10.  then i'll enjoy your equity curve!

--- 帖子 #919 ---
great post !!! excellent feedback. we have discussed so many pages and so many months figuring out the right strategy to arrive at right risk/reward whereas you have stuck to the original post and achieved great results. sometimes we overcomplicate the things. the key is to have low lotsize and high account size. in this case 0.01 lot for 3k account.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Up until I started my test I would have probably agreed with you, now I am not so sure with this particular ea

The large leverage account I am using was not intentional
The large MMTU was the result of following Nicastro’ s method of testing extremes first
I had expected the ea to blow the account away very quickly with this configuration
Yet it continues to do the opposite

There have been a few baskets that have reached the 250% Margin Level and I have closed trades manually exactly as per my test method, which has worked very well
This is where my equity curve is not as smooth as TheMaxx example
But it is still not a bad curve, and the growth is impressive
As of course might be the fall if it happens

I would never have thought to consider such a configuration with my ‘ Live ‘ hat on ( and I still do not ... yet at least )
We have it preached to us that large leverage accounts with small account balances can be killers if misused in this way

But it now has me asking is this very profitable test ( so far ) a result of just pure luck, in that the ea has not had to deal with an extended DD
Or
Is the configuration actually ideally suited to this ea and it is benefiting from the ( relatively ) large lot sizing, requiring only a small movement in price action to reach the PP target which is resulting in baskets closing quickly and efficiently, and therefore ‘ avoiding ‘ that extended DD altogether ?

--- 帖子 #921 ---
it is pure luck, and let's discuss why it is:

it is very simple probability:

when the EA enters the market, there will be a few opened positions,

assuming that it is RIGHT NOW, what will happen next?

two outcomes:

1. reach x% profit, and a basket is closed (of coz, small x% means fast closure and vice versa).

2. reach death basket that consumes all margin, and you either have to close biggest loser early or close all finally.

now, for 1st outcome, it is relatively easier to happen, since the conditions are easier to meet----just x% profit.  HOWEVER, the UPSIDE is limited, at most, you get x% profit (although you may get many times).

for 2nd outcome, the probability to a death basket eating all margin is always existing.  and if the probability exists, it'll happen.  If it happen, it will cause a loss of, perhaps, 20% capital, or 60% capital, or everything.  The higher lotsize you use, the more you will lose when death basket comes.  Achab's tests present a few examples.

This EA seems to allow its user to earn enough outcome 1 before running into outcome 2.  we should remind of ourselves not to run the opposite way by allowing too much "risk" ( in other words, outcome 2 probability).

you have seasoned sanity NOT use the setting for LIVE.  this is great, and it is always my belief that demoing should follow the way you trade LIVE, instead of starting from so called aggressive "let's see how terribly great this EA can be" testing.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Charvo is right.  With lots of leverage and trades and small profit percent it is easy to make something which seemingly looks better than it really is.

Always think: what are the hidden risks?  We need to make it safer and maintain the profitability.

(this applies to all methods, not just this one, but is particularly important for one like this where the number of open trades is not easily bounded).

Suggestion:

What we need is a day-by-day or hour-by-hour measure of running instantaneous equity.   This could be a separate EA writing to a file (and flushing the buffers).

This would more accurately show the risk involved in getting any sequence of clsoed trades, as the closed trades only (until a blowup) can be misleading.

We want a positive return, but more importantly never have too bad an open equity drawdown.

--- 帖子 #923 ---
In point no 2 you are of course assuming the account runs out of margin

The very test I am doing is to try and prevent that very senario   ....    it may fail to work of course like most things

--- 帖子 #924 ---
I agree - the only reason achab's tests blew up is he ran out of margin. If you keep your MMTU at an acceptable level to your account size, while you may have to close trades in your basket (some, or all) you won't blow up.

When I've gotten close to a margin call the drawdown in the account was only 1 to 5%, sometimes it was slightly above flat. That meant if I'd closed the basket I wouldn't have suffered much of a loss.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
I agree it would not blow up ; but it certainly can take a long time to make a return. You can always add equity for the margin.... I run probably 5-6 versions live and I would rather cut a winner at a certain point when a large number of trades 20+ trades are open --and the winner is close to the biggest loser.  The market kind of ranges at times at the end of day so the ea just sits there not making money. Close trades after afternoon or late in day when us closes and then let the market pick up again moving the trades in your direction when it starts to move. Just my viewpoint. I think it can be a good stable return if trades are managed right...however, everyone has a different opinion on how to do that.

--- 帖子 #926 ---
My demo closed again Friday and had 2 recovery trades. One was cut when it reached CLM x -PP. The other was opened during the equity pop closure and closed at a loss which took 3/4 of the profit.

So far I am totally unimpressed with the recovery logic. Every recovery trade in my demo has either been cut as a big loser or has opened and closed during the equity pop and caused a loss.

IMO the success of this EA is the pairs that are traded and the Cut Loser option. It has nothing to do with the recovery strategy.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Hi Roundrock.

Thanks for this. Your generosity knows no bounds!

What is happening to coding your idea as set out your post 767. I’m looking forward to testing it.

Of late I have been thinking of ways to emulate JCS’s performance but with a reduced MMTU while keeping Margin at a respectable level of at least 300%.

I think this can be partially achieved by adding a third synthetically hedged sub-basket. Sub-basket C consisting of Buy EURCAD and SELL USDCAD and SELL EURUSD. But as we already have a sell E/U in Sub-basket A, Sub-basket C will not be placing a second E/U sell trade when EU is a winning phantom (and existing EU trades are in profit).

I’d love to be able to test this variant and compare and contrast it with the existing tests to see how much quicker the baskets close and how margin level is affected. I think with this variant we will be able to reduce MMTU to 1% and still have a respectable number of basket pops per week without reducing Margin to anything below 300%.

We can but only test. On this, Roundrock, I ask for your help once more in coding the addition of Sub-Basket C into the EA which I believe will benefit all of us at FF.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Hello to everyone and good morning.

Because of the market closure, during the weekend I use to think instead of other stuff, here.

I thought about something you wrote here, and I have read it this morning.

First of all, a special thank to "charvo" because his syntetic, complete and clear point of view is the starting point of my post, today.

I agree completely with him because this/these EA(s) will blow up, in future with any setup. The problem is to understand when it will happen: before or after that specific EA has gained 100%?

I make a step behind. Maybe someone remembers when I wrote (talking about Phantom6_01xR) something like "MMTU 2.1 isn't too much, even if for a test"?

Ok, I started such  kind of tests.

Some blows up, some not. With less MMTU we would have more that don't blow up. In few days...!

But after 3, 4, 5, 7, 10 months? Probably yes.

I liked the Pete's test (TheMaxx) not only because of the results (very positive and with very low DD) but because the lotsize were always the same! He didn't increase the risk, even if the growing curve he got is amazing.

Using this strategy he was:Lucky at the beguinning, becase the EA worked properly starting from a positive moment of the market; Intelligent because by one side he didn't increase the lot size, by the other side the risk of ruin decreased, basket after basket; Unselfish because the target was (and is) reachable.

Now, the question is "how much we would like to gain"?

Yes, I know it's an answer based on how much you have in your balance, but this is the reason why around 90% of Forex investors loose their money.

We have already understood that it's not how much money I want or need, but how much percentage is my target. So, which are your targets in %?

I'd like everyone answers on this, because only after we deside an objective, our tests will have some sense.

Because of the intrinsic method, soul of these EAs, I think that a percentage around 15-20% per month is a target I would try to gain if in live trading. It means an annual average return between 180% and 240%.

And if the EA will blow up? No, I correct myself: "And when the EA will blow up my account?". I will bet on it, in the sense that it shouldn't blow up before the 7th month. It means I will not loose money, but almost all of my gains.

After so many tests and after your suggestions and opinions, I think it is possible.

There is a correlation between MMTU, PP and average monthy/annual gain, and I want to find it before to start live trading "seriuosly".

I wait for your points of view.

/achab

P.S.: I have started my 16th test, this morning. It's about 3 Alpari-UK accounts, with a starting balance of EUR 7,500, Leverage 500:1 with these settings:

http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-Test-16-A/stats

MMTU=1.1

PP=0.2

Calculates lots: 0.41

http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-Test-16-B/stats

MMTU=1.1

PP=0.2

Calculates lots: 0.41 (yes, the same settings)

http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-test-16-c/stats

MMTU=2.0

PP=0.2

Calculates lots: 0.75

The "hight" MMTU setting is wanted, because I believe that a fast closing of a little basket is the best way to make money and to save the margin, well balancing risk and profit.

Two of the three (the first 2 I started in early morning) have already close one basket.

--- 帖子 #929 ---
I have started my 16th test, this morning. It's about 4 Alpari-UK accounts (I added one since my previous post), with a starting balance of EUR 7,500, Leverage 500:1 with these settings:

http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-Test-16-A/stats

MMTU=1.1

PP=0.2

Calculates lots: 0.41

http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-Test-16-B/stats

MMTU=1.1

PP=0.2

Calculates lots: 0.41 (yes, the same settings. Just ask, I'll change upon request)

http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-test-16-c/stats

MMTU=2.0

PP=0.2

Calculates lots: 0.75

http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-test-16-d/stats

MMTU=0.2

PP=0.2

Calculates lots: 0.12

/achab

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Great posts as always Achab. I will continue to follow your tests with interests. I've actually decided to jump in, and started trading live with the exact same settings and account size as my demo account.  I'm also conducting a few other demos (with smaller PPs with the idea that the baskets are closed quicker, leading to profits being accumulated faster) but I'm happy with the risk, drawdown and gain of the 50:1 demo.

PS the reason that the lotsize didn't increase in my demo, is because of the low MMTU (0.5). I didn't increase the lotsize because it was all calculated by the EA. I let everything run untouched

--- 帖子 #931 ---
[size=3][font=Times New Roman][color=black]What is happening to coding your idea as set out your post 767. I’m looking forward to testing it.

here u go !!! pl test, i didnt do lot of testing.. it should work

--- 帖子 #932 ---
I decided to start another test using Phantom6_01xR, on the same computer, with same settings. It was February the 9th and I opened a Demo account with Alpari-UK (leverage 500:1), initial balance 7,500 EUR, with those settings:

BasketA_notes=------------ Basket A Symbols ------------

BasketA_BuySymbol_1=GBPUSD

BasketA_SellSymbol_1=EURCAD

BasketA_SellSymbol_2=EURGBP

BasketB_notes=------------ Basket B Symbols ------------

BasketB_BuySymbol_1=EURUSD

BasketB_SellSymbol_1=EURAUD

BasketB_SellSymbol_2=AUDCAD

PhantomCheckMinute=25

ResetHourInterval=8

RecoveryTradeAllowed=1

RecoveryPct=5.00000000

TradeCountForRecovery=10.00000000

RecoveryLotRatio=1.10000000

UserTradingAllowed=1

UseTradingHours=0

StopAfterNoTrades=0

UseSmallestLot=0

CutLoserTrades=1

CutLoserMultiplier=1.20000000

MaxMarginToUseBasketA=6.00000000

MaxMarginToUseBasketB=6.00000000

ProfitPct=2.50000000

MagicNumber=7656211

After 5 days, today, here you have the results:

P/L = +3,460.82 (+46.14%)

Lowest Margin: 21.73%

Weekly return +60.7%

Monthly return +633.0%

Profit factor 1.31

History 6 days

First amount of opened lot: 2.25

The full live stats are here: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph6_01xr3/stats.

Because of the last weekend posts on this thread and the lowest Margin reached (but Alpari-UK didn't sell because it didn't reach its margin call) and a bit of luck too, I decided to decrease some settings such as MMTU=1.1 and PP=.020. The next opening lots will be 0.60.

The live stats are reachable at the same URL, and you could find the new trades because I have changed the Magic Number (now 7656212).

/achab

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Hi Achab,

As someone who has been testing for quite a while now, let me chime in on some of your thoughts.

I demo a 3k account trading .01 lots, so you cant get any more conservative than that. After 3 months my account was up 19%. Last 2 weeks I hit a killer basket that has now brought my equity down to 9%. So lost almost half of profits. This EA has been a shooting star until.... so dont get lulled into a false sense of security by a few good weeks or even a month or 2. By the way I use a profit pct of .30 so I always went for the quick basket closures. If I used a higher MMTU with that small a PP maybe would have been better? I dont know, was always worried about big drawdown so I kept the lots at minimum. Maybe your idea has merit (High MMTU, Low PP). I will be interested in following your tests.

So now the question for me is: Is three months of good performance and one bad basket the norm? Or was I very lucky to go that long?

--- 帖子 #934 ---
See the currency pairs what he is using. There is a difference.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Actually, he is using the same six as me. And I disagree, in the long run, I dont believe it matters what set of 6 pairs are used, the basic logic of the EA is the same. For a given time period a certain set may work better than another, but how do you know which one?

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Maybe conservative settings are not the best settings for these EA´s.....

If a death basket will come always (I´m not sure about that), maybe if after x numbers of trades or x numbers of hours the PP is not reached, the basket must be closed, no matter the result.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Hi Roundrock,

I'm testing as of today. Settings OOTB on a 100/1 leverage demo.

Will report results.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Thorn - what MMTU and leverage do you use in your testing?

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Hi Thorn,

I think so, it's the norm. Unfortunately.

I share here three examples, my oldest tests still running that can help to understand something, for me, at least.

Around two months ago I started some tests, it was before Christmas and even if I know that it's not recommended to trade during holidays, I started the tests also because of that reason: "If the EAs will not blow up the demo account it will be really positive, giving me the evidence of excellence".

Here you are:

Phantom6_01x

The settings were changed after 2 days (Magic numbers 777113 and 100106), it means that we can cosider the last one that consists in:

Bailout=0

Slippage=3

MiniSize=10000

StdSize=100000

GBPUSDidx=0

USDCHFidx=1

EURJPYidx=2

GBPCHFidx=3

CHFJPYidx=4

EURCHFidx=5

ResetHourInterval=8

UserTradingAllowed=1

StopAfterNoTrades=0

UseSmallestLot=0

MaxMarginToUse=0.50000000

ProfitPct=1.50000000

MaxMiniProfit=1000.00000000

MaxStdProfit=10000.00000000

MagicNumber=100106

As you can see, we can't say that it's "so conservative", on the contrary it's quite aggressive, and the results confirm it:

Monthly return: +19.6%

Total return: 44,3132% (+2,215.66 / 5,000.00)

Here you will find the complete live stats: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-phantom6_01x/stats.

The second test I share here is different. It started with Phantom6_01a (Magic number 110001) and it run starting from 2010-12-14 up to 2011-01-19, then I changed it with Phantom_AddSix_02a (Magic number 1100012) up to 2011-01-31 and since February the 1st until today the EA's running is Ph_AddSix_02ax_CL_TH_PS_achab (Magic number 1232523).

The performances of this mix are:

Monthly return: +28.0%

Total return: 63,7998% (+3,189.99 / 5,000.00)

Here you will find the complete live stats: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-phantom6_01az1/stats.

Phantom6_01a

This EA has blown up the demo account. But I wanted to share also it because it demostrates that it can work properly for long time (6 weeks in this case).

The MMTU is 0.5 and the PP is 1.5: is this the reason why it blow up? Maybe.

But the main point is that it was able to (almost) double the balance, before to loose all the gain and more (actually Total profit/loss: -3,200.54, including the floating P/L).

That's why I am convinced that if anyone will use it in real, he must withdraw the gains every month. Just in this case, this test demostrates no losses.

Here you will find the complete live stats: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-Phantom6_01a/stats.

All these tests were completely untouched since the beguinning. The only manual operations were made because the EA had some problem and didn't close some trades (PC frozen for 2 days while I was on holiday); I did it after only some weeks, when I put my attention on them again. One of those opened position is still running. This should be another proof that these EAs are solid, valid; in other words amazing.

Have a good day.

/achab

--- 帖子 #940 ---
The final conclusions of this test #11.

Phantom6_01a

On VPS this EA did close no one basket and you can still see it trying to open some new positions but the margin doesn't allow it to do it.

MMTU=6.00

PP=2.50

Lowest margin: 44.19 (while I am writing: 81.02%)

Max Floating DD: -60.14%

Floating P/L: -2,700 (while I am writing)

I remember that I made a mistake and the account got a leverage of "only" 100:1 (instead of 500:1).

Its stats: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph6_01a/stats.

On my PC this EA performed very well:

Monthly return: +492.6%

P/L: +8,096.59 (starting from 10,000)

MMTU=6.00

PP=2.50

Lowest margin: 49.55 (while I am writing: 482.54%)

Max Floating DD: -73.60%

Floating P/L: -5,546 (while I am writing)

Its stats: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph6_01a/stats.

Phantom6_01x

Both VPS and PC accounts have blown up after few days, using same MMTU and PP of other tests.

Here the live stats: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph6_01x/stats and http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph6_01x/stats.

Phantom6_01xr

Due to a low margin level the VPS EA has a +5,000 opened position but a balance equal to +35.98. Its stats: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph6_01xr/stats.

On the contrary the PC test is going very well: Monthly return +330.9% with Floating P/L=0 (while I am writing).

Starting from a deposit of 10,000 it gained 6,272.60 in less than 8 days (counting also the weekend).

P/L: +6,272.60 (starting from 10,000)

MMTU=6.00

PP=2.50

Lowest margin: 71.20 (while I am writing: 410.13%)

Max Floating DD: -5.65%

Floating P/L: +346.25 (while I am writing)

Stats here: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph6_01xr/stats.

Phantom_AddSix_02a

Also here we have opposite results: the PC test has blown up (http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph66_02a/stats) and the VPS test was positive, somehow.

Yes, somehow, because while I am writing the Floating P/L are so deeply negative that Total P/L is negative (-6,677.26) even if the Net Profit is positive (+4,024.44).

Monthly return +490.4% with Floating P/L=-11,443 (while I am writing).

Starting from a deposit of 10,000 it gained 4,024.44 in less than 8 days (counting also the weekend).

P/L: +4,024.44 (starting from 10,000)

MMTU=6.00

PP=2.50

Lowest margin: 35.34 (while I am writing: 41.73%)

Max Floating DD: -83.44%

Floating P/L: -11,240 (while I am writing)

Stats here: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph66_02a/stats.

Ph_AddSix_02ax_CL_TH_PS (with all parameters off)

The PC test had blown up (http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph66_02axs/stats) but the VPS one was positive (Monthly return +120.5%).

Starting from a deposit of 10,000 it gained 3,015.04 in less than 8 days (counting also the weekend).3

P/L: +3,015.04 (starting from 10,000)

MMTU=6.00

PP=2.50

Lowest margin: 175.38 (while I am writing: 1428.03%)

Max Floating DD: -52.5%

Floating P/L: 0 (while I am writing)

Stats here: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph66_02axs/stats.

Ph_AddSix_02ax_CL_TH_PS (with all parameters ON)

The last 2 tests were negative because this EA, even if using the Cut Loss, the Time Hour and the PipStep, was able to blow up on both platforms where was running.

Stats here:

VPS: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-vps-ph66_02axa/stats

PC: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-pc-ph66_02axa/stats

My conclusions

The EA that demostrated more character and less propension to blow up the accounts is Phantom_Add_Six_02a.

The "second place" is given to "Phantom6_01xR because it showed a character, able to survive also when the heart shows a flat electrocardiogram and, at last but not the least, suffers less DD and uses less margin (very good quality).

The next step must be to compare these 2 EAs using "human" settings, because I am sure that the challenge will be very, very interesting.

I propose these settings and I'd like you to vote on them:

MMTU=1.3, PP=0.25 MMTU=2.0, PP=0.20 MMTU=1.1, PP=0.20 (most conservative)

As I already wrote in one of my previous post, these settings should reach a mounth average of around +20%.

/achab

--- 帖子 #941 ---
I set up a IBFX 400:1 account this morning with exact same settings as my Alpari 500:1 test ( post 740 )
Both accounts were started with no open basket and at same day start times

During todays trading so far today the 500 leverage account has closed 10 baskets with no margin level below 250%, so no manual cut trades
The 400 leverage account has just closed its first basket with 8 trips to the 250% margin level and hence 8 manual cut trades ( I was only cutting one losing trade at a time with this test )

So what gives ?
If anyone can make any sense of this let me know, cause I am blown if I can
I guess this is where the LUCK element comes in

EDIT   ......    Different winning trades opened in each account, so the time the Phantoms reset themselves has clearly alot to do with it

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Take a look at "charvo" post here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=700. I think it will be helpful.

/achab

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Nothing to do with different broker feeds etc, the differences in the way the trades have opened is what caused the huge performance difference .... if someone can find a pattern / reason why resetting Phantoms at one time as opposed to another makes such a big difference it might be enlightening

I believe however it is all purely random luck as to how the basket perform overall and it is how those individual baskets are managed that is key

--- 帖子 #944 ---
phantom reset time always is the key. winning phantoms are calculated based on this reference point. how do you know whats the best reference point ? well noone knows. we can easily write the code to reset exactly at SAME time EACH day and then see if that helps. the way current code is written the reset hour is calculated exactly at 0, 8, 16 hours of your broker. if your broker is GMT+1, then u r restting 1 hr ahead of EU.

better approach would be take EU, US, AU open hours as input and reset 1 hour (again input) ahead of these market open hour

also resetting after basket close is not a good idea. why should we lose momentum by resetting phantoms now ? in my view phantoms must be reset just once ahead of each market open (as explained above)

this will bring uniform results for EVERYONE. otherwise each is going to get his own reset time and results differ.

if someone posts a EA thats working well i can do this mod

--- 帖子 #945 ---
RR - I hope I'm not selectively quoting you, but if you believe that we shouldn't reset after a basket close as this will lead to a loss of momentum, wouldn't a reset at the start of each session lead to a similar loss of momentum?

Pete

--- 帖子 #946 ---
thats why i said , 1 hour before market open, so that when we get the first trade we are already into the market and we know first 1 hour is when momentum is built and we want to ride on that

infact , last week i tested 01x by trading only during EU session, it worked well. it takes phantom start hour, market start hour, market end hour.... the first trade is taken exactly 30 min after market open and the phantoms are reset exactly 90 min from first trade. we stop taking trades towards close. i posted a EA here.

so far phantom start hour is NOT given enuf importance as MMTU, PP, DD, Margin...

--- 帖子 #947 ---
If that's the case could you please update Phantom6_01.mq4 at the start of the thread? Since that has the minimum automatic reset features it would make the most sense to update and test.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Hi pals again,

I want to give you my opinion on the mmtu and pp settings, with which I have brought up some small micro accounts to reasonable 30%+ in the last 5 weeks since holiday break.

Using Phantom Addsix 02a untouched

Account : LIVE Micro @Alpari UK

Leverage : 1:500

Starting Balance : 500 EUR

MMTU : 0.1% / UseSmallestLot TRUE

PP : 2%

Account now up more than 30%. It usually has some 10-20 trades before it closes, when GBPCHF goes wild and unparallel to GBPUSD then it can be some more.

20 trades at 0.01 give 0.20 lots total, which is good for a nice 2% PP closure. Thus I had around 15 baskets in 5 weeks, averaging 3 a week or 6%.

This is quite enough and a very satisfying sail in the markets. Floating DD has not been more than 12% / 60 Euro.

Conclusion : High mmtu and low PP are not the way to go in my opinion. Give it time to gather some trades. My rule of thumb would be every 10 open trades I calculate 1% gain. So if it once happens to have 50 trades floating, I would adjust my PP to 5% ... and it works.

At lotsize 0.01 the largest DD I have yet seen on my DEMOS was 250 Euros with settings above. At 0.02 it was 500 Euros ... and so on. 0.02 is the most mmtu I go because of Alpari restrictions. See my other post for that.

So for a 0.1 lots normal account at 1:500 I would NOT trade below at least 10000 Euros balance, better 15000 to go for.

Thus every lotsize OVER 0.1 is NOT applicable for accounts under at least 10k balance. Please note that I ahve no experience with lower leverages like 1:50.

As some said, MMTU is essential, for this EA and everyting in Forex. I have burnt my first 3 accounts not iwlling to learn this, but since 2 years now it has been a very steady upward curve. I see trading for the next 5-10 years to reach my goal ... 1 million euros. Right now I am on path. I usually double my private accouts every 6-9 months.

Enough for now ... we have a winner here. Only thing that burns it is wrong settings imho.

Cheers all for their mindwork, roundrock you are a brave man ...

xxl aka George / Bavaria, Germany

--- 帖子 #949 ---
The only thing I would wish for my Phantom Addsix 02a is a CutWinners / TakeProfit / BreakEven mod ... can someone do this or have I overseen it ?

I'd like to set BE to each trade over +20 for example. And TP also adjustable, maybe a trailing stop ...

--- 帖子 #950 ---
thanks for the stats,

so for we pathetic american slaves trading 1:50, we should start with $5000.

this is more conservative than theMaxx's experiences--$3000.

damn, i'll start saving today

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Sometimes though the profit gets taken on an extreme fluctuation and resetting there might mean you can get the snapback as well.

I'm not sure about it either.

If I had to choose one point to reset, it would be 5 AM London time. (GMT in winter and GMT+1 in summer).

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Hi.. thanx for very encouraging words.

Will you please share the exact version of ea you are talking about and also other setting ie Cut losser, Pipstep.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Hi Password,

the exact version(s) have been

Phantom6_01a from 10th January until 4th February.

All standard settings BUT :

UseSmallestLot TRUE

ProfitPct 2.0

Then I saw this EA opening up a lot of trades, highest was 60. I then decided to go more conservative with

Phantom_Addsix_02a from 07th February until now as I am writing

All standard settings BUT :

UseSmallestLot TRUE

ProfitPct 2.0

So no magic around here  as this is an account I manage for a friend, we had been discussing the MMTU issue, thus he gave me green lights for establishing the addsix 02a as it diversifies the trades a bit more ... you surely know about it.

xxl

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Hey xxl,

sorry but I am not getting you.. currently you are testing which ea 'Phantom6_01a' or 'Phantom_Addsix_02'?

Well I am testing Ph_AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS from last 2-3 months. But I am not satisfied with its performance. I checked many combination of its parameter. Its performs well for first 2-3 baskets and then it revolve around break even because of CL.

So I want to ask is there any significant diff between 'Ph_AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS' and 'Phantom_Addsix_02'?

Should I switch to it?

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hi MBKennel,

Why 5 AM GMT?

Why not 7 AM on the European Open?

--- 帖子 #956 ---
This has been my thinking too.

As per results of xxl205 or some success earlier with AddSix 2a, I will be happy if you do the mod on 2a.

I am thinking whether cutting the winner a higher percentage say 3% or so will be of any value. As sometimes winners turn into losers because of no backing from other positions. Yeah, it can work both ways. Just a crazy hunch..

--- 帖子 #957 ---
here u go....

it has 3 reset hours , one for each market. and also it has minutes, it resets on this minute on each of these 3 hours. it doesnt reset on basket closure

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Because I wouldn't want a trade at 7 or 7:15 to start without some momentum developing.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
I don't want to be bitchy here, but I have even stated the EXACT DATE in my answer, from when to when I use(d) the versions. Please read again, should be very clear.

I personally never looked at the 03 versions, and just can't tell the difference until I read the posts done already for it.

the Addsix 02a ran well on demo, lot of people reported nice results, the strategy seemed good, so I went forward on demo first and then decided to go live on it with cents as described. I would recommend everyone to go demo on their own at first.

IMHO you should switch to the addsix 02a, yes ;-)

--- 帖子 #960 ---
OK, Understood.  Valid point!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Good morning all,

decided to give you a view into the accounts I am managing.

http://www.myfxbook.com/id/members/smee205

I have NOT entered the description into myfxbook, but they are all running Phantom addsix 02a at the moment. Some of them HAD Phantom6_01a but no more.

Yes, I might have put my hands on this or that account to manage things, so it has been not entirely handsfree trading here.

We are enjoying the ride, as long as goes

cheers, xxl

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Thanks RR - much appreciated. I'll start a test on the weekend and report back

--- 帖子 #963 ---
FINAL RESULTS AS AT 17 FEB

Method - Post 740

Settings

Alpari UK 500:1 standard account ( 0.01 min lot size - $3,000 starting balance )

Phantom6_01xR
Check Minute 15
Recovery False
Cut Loser Trades False
Trading Hours True ... start 5 finish 17
MMTU 2
ProfitPct 1

Current Results

16 x 12 hour trading sessions

Closed Baskets .... Toooooo many to count any more !
Account Profit 133%

This test account is now at a stage where I would have to be a complete irresponsible idiot ( been there done that many times ! ) to lose any money overall

Long before this stage I could either have withdraw the initial capital or placed a global account manager to close all open trades should the original capital level ever be tested again
Either way I would be trading with the markets money from that point on ...... a free ride
Appropriate management of baskets should ensure at least a reasonable chance of repeating the growth

So I do not see that this test will tell me anything new from here, except how much money it could make before and if it fails, which is not the point of my test
It is being able to get to this point with some reasonable degree of comfort that is important ....... I will not therefore be posting any more results

Considering these results has this profitable test changed my opinion of the ea’s from my very first post ? ..... Not yet
It is tempting to say the method has made the ea perform well, but I still must consider that to some extent ( maybe ???? ) I have just had luck on my side up to this point, I still believe the inevitable extreme bad basket/s will at the very least wipe out all the profits at some point ( if allowed !!!! ) .... and the level of DD even at 250% margin would still be difficult to sit through in a live situation

However it is very encouraging and will be interesting to see if it can be reproduced with some degree of consistency on different account setups

Considering these results, the big disappointment, is that no one has yet offered to code the auto cutting of trades to protect Margin Level in the way I have done manually with this test
It may well be the case additional manual intervention is still considered necessary or desirable in extreme cases, but it would go a long way to furthering automation for testing at least

I would still very much appreciate this to enable easier testing of multiple account setups

My suggested starting setup for most flexible testing would be :-

ProtectMarginLevel true/false
MarginLevelPct 250 ( user variable ) .... level below which trades are cut

We do not want to cut the last added biggest winner trade/s if possible, but will if no alternative trades are available ( protecting margin level is first priority )
So on first check these last added biggest winner trade/s should be excluded
IF no trades are available to cut on first check we must then include last added biggest winner trade/s

IF there is a profit trade always cut smallest profit trade and smallest loss trade together
CutProfitAndLossTogether true/false

IF above is set true but no profit trade is available cut by user set input parameters
IF above is set false cut by user set input parameters
CutBiggestProfitTrade true/false
CutSmallestProfitTrade true/false
CutBiggestLossTrades true/false
CutSmallestLossTrades true/false

User parameters can be set individually or in any combination

Using Phantom6_01xR initially
Anyone, please ?

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Hi Roundrock,

I had my first basket closure using OOTB settings.

1st basket trade at 13.18 GMT on 15 Feb.

Basket closed at 7.58 GMT on 17 Feb.

Trades: 4

Largest Floating DD -1.67%

Have you per chance had time to code my Sub-basket C idea set out in post 929? This should be grafted onto the EA as modified and uploaded on your post 818.

Your continued support would be greatly appreciated by us all at FF

--- 帖子 #965 ---
This is my idea of a 'margin protector' per JCS, which disrupts the baskets the least.

We will maintain two global variables per basket, both reset to zero upon closure/flat position:  number of trades eliminated due to margin (N), and the sum of their profits (S)

At any time (or on the hour/half/quarter/whatever), if we are in a "margin danger" situation, the bot loops through all open transactions, and tests, which trade closure---hypothetically---would result in the smallest average disturbance to the basket, computed by sum of profits / number of profits.

That is, minimum over existing open trades: MathAbs( (S+this_trades_PL)/(N+1) )

Whichever trade gives the minimum (excluding, in first of two passes, most recently added trade) will be chosen to be "sent off the island".  When the margin-protecting  trade closure is successful, update S and N as above.

Then, optionally, the cut trade's P/L will be added to the equity needed to close basket.

Rationale: the sequence of removed trades should be as sequentially anti-correlated as possible so that the overall disturbance to the basket, over time, is minimized.

We don't need to choose pairs of profit & loss this way, it will automatically find them.

Also, another obvious fix: do not open new trades if in a "margin-danger" position.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
I like it MB

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Sounds good and certainly worth a try

Are you able to code it ?

" Also, another obvious fix: do not open new trades if in a "margin-danger" position " ... yes, but you are not getting the benefit of the newly added strongest performers ( current ) which we expect to be the most likely to produce the pop and are solely reliant upon the existing trades that have in effect gone ' bad ' to change and do the business

--- 帖子 #968 ---
pl post the exact EA u r using since we have several flavors of Phantom6_01xR. i will try to add this mod. i cant guarantee when, but it will be done soon (within a week)

meanwhile can you mention whats the exact lotsize u got with those settings ? hours 5, 17 are GMT ?

--- 帖子 #969 ---
any different CL coding with idea of a 'margin protector'

--- 帖子 #970 ---
hi Nicastro, right now i dont have any plans to add this basket c as i have other things to test. i need to test earlier mods before taking up new. no use of coding mods and not testing them.

i need you and others to report the test results for the mods i did

1. recovery system. is it useful ?

2. trading hours logic. is it helping ? is it better than earlier code

3. entering at DD. is it better ?

4. phantom resetting logic.

next in line : margin protector

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Hi Roundrock, thank you

It is the one in your post 696

I have tried the later version you posted with different trading hours / phantom reset, but I had a few issues and I am not sure if it was my broker platform / internet problem or the code, it was closing baskets when it should not have basically

Suggest you use post 696 first as it seems pretty watertight

Not sure what you mean by exact lot size ..... size is set by MMTU automatically

I was using Alpari UK and have no idea how this relates to GMT .... way too complicated LOL

I am not sure start time is all that critical providing we trade the EU and US, but in the test I basically set my trading hours to avoid the late US and Asia sessions, as recommended by Nicastro ... started at a couple of hours before Europe open and end around close of Europe / mid US ( or earlier manually if I had a basket close nearing the end time and did not feel it was a good idea to let it open a new one this late in the day )

Shout if you need anything else, thanks again

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Roundrock,

I respond to the points using same numbering:-

1. Sadly No. What has been useful is the concept of 2 synthetically hedged sub-baskets and 2 accidental steps.  One a high MMTU and second, a high leverage account. Trying to build on this by the introduction of a third sub-basket in the hope that this will help us to reduce MMTU while still keeping a good speed on basket closures. We won't know until we test.

2. Sadly no. I think the logic of resetting on a basket pop allows the EA to profit from short term fluctuations.

3. It is certainly much safer. The problem is that it is much slower than the EA with the recovery system (whether turned on or off) that JCS and FraserD are testing to name but a few.

I had my second basket closure using OOTB settings.

2nd basket: first trade entered at 10.00 GMT on 17 Feb.

Basket closed at 9.30 GMT on 18 Feb.

Trades: 5

Largest Floating DD -1.65%

Given the time it takes to closure, that it is a Friday and hence the weekend slowdown, I have tuned off the DD EA and will start testing once again from London open on Monday.

Would it be possible to have another DD EA with different pairs being traded with a different comment and different Magic number so that hopefully more than 1 EA can be used on a demo account?

4. The logic of resetting phantoms at AM start time (if there is no current basket open) and on each basket closure is my preferred option. This allows the EA to follow the market more aggressively.

I look forward to testing the coming Mod incorporating JCS's suggestion.

As an additional item, would it be possible to amend the EA by having a user defined option whereby the Cut Looser starts to operate once Margin Level reaches a user defined % level, cutting  any number of losers to bring the Margin Level back up to %Level and then it goes to sleep until the margin level again goes back down to %Level.

Just a thought that may help.

Once again, many thanks for the generous donation of your time Roundrock.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
I have been trading this WITHOUT EA. In other words I just bought 3 buys and 3 sells and let it go into profit. So far they have gone into 50 pips profit every time. Of course I have been trading only for last 3 days. No stop loss since they are all hedged.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
I am looking for a SIMPLE EA that will close the basket when certain amount of profit is reached.

I have tried few  like "close trades after account profit reached". But for some funny reasons they don,t and I get error message. I have been trading this system live on Ibfx.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
I also have been trying a different basket :

Buys eurusd,usdchf,audcad

Sells audusd,eurchf,usdcad.

They also went into profit but seem to be for less pips compared to the other 6 pairs.

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Your "Buy " and "sell" baskets for manual trades?

Many pairs being used, hence this question.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Probably any pairs would work if they are all synthetically hedged

--- 帖子 #978 ---
I agree. I should try this, never thought about it.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
I actually have a test EA with about 10 different pair sets built-in (all synthetically hedged and running with my fully balanced lotsize mod).

An EA with the original set seems to be chugging along with good profits.

One of the others went into 15 straight cut losers without a single profitable closure in 2 weeks.  Two more are also performing poorly.

This concerns me.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
When you say EA, are you talking about  one of Phantom EA from post #1

--- 帖子 #981 ---
The pair selection matters a lot. EA at times wrongly adds exiting positions. So Big DD and cut looser and all.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
No, it is a modified version of the one I posted a while ago.

(Phantom6_01_x_CL_TH_PS_BAL2)

Generally, leverage=100:1, mmtu=0.65, pp=0.5, pipstep=10, cutloser=1.5

which works great on

B EURCHF,EURJPY,CHFJPY; S GBPCHF,GBPUSD,USDCHF

and absolutely atrocious (phantoms not reset since 2011-02-07 when I started the bot) on

B GBPUSD,EURCAD,EURGBP; S EURUSD,EURAUD,AUDCAD

a slight modification (just change trading hours and have some hours do 2x an hour for potential trades on :15 and :45, some be only ;15, others continue only and finally some hours no trade ever).

B EURJPY, S USDJPY, S EURUSD, B GBPUSD, S AUDUSD, S GBPAUD

is a definite loser over 10 days, and the mirror trade of the above (swap B<->S) is also a loser, started at exactly the same time.

One potential conclusion is that the 'mirror trade' idea doesn't do much in diversification/decorrelation; profits are based on whether the underlying currencies want to trend (good) or if they don't (bad), and the particular choice of pairs and buy and sell may be secondary.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Hypothetically, if you traded fully balanced (i.e. adjusting a lower lotsisze for EURxxx than for USDxxx, and a little higher than AUDxxx) one pair of each should result in no profit, just loss from transaction costs.

If you're not fully hedged, then you will be slightly long some currencies and short some.  You'll just be making a directional bet then.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
I just tried these pairs. Closed one basket with 30 pips.

Buy :

usdchf, gbpaud,eucad,euraud

sell :

usdjpy,gbpusd,eurjpy,eurusd.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Very Interesting

--- 帖子 #986 ---
In my opinion one high volatile pair should be there in sell or buy basket so that there is an edge and basket can close fast. Also could see DD by having high volatile pairs.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
#3. pl use this EA, i fixed some issues/bugs. I didnt understand what do you mean by slow? you have to compare the results on a weekly basis. since it waits for initail DD to be built, it looks slow. but actaully the PP is so much higher that when it closes, its profits are much more than normal EA.  Also this must be allowed to trade 24x5. dont use trading hours filter.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Thanks for this Roundrock.

I will demo as from Monday London open, but then 24x7. I will report on progress.

I appreciate that when DD pops, it pops at a higher Profit % and that it needs time before a sufficient drawdown arises to bring the EA into action. Hence my suggestion of a second EA with different phantoms hopefully running on the same demo account.

By being slow, I was comapring it to the number of pops that JCS and others are reporting. I suppose we have been spoilt by the pop frequency of the EA with 2 sub-baskets. As you rightly say, we need to compare on a weekly basis the % gain of the two EAs to see which is more profitable and which carries more risk.

Again, many thanks for your continued support.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Why not just trade USD/CHF directionaly, because thats what that basket is doing. No need to pay spread on 6 pairs.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
How do you say that? That is a hedged basket.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
no, that, thorn is right, that is in fact trading one pair xxxyyy,

just happened that he got lucky for 3 days.

try 1 month, hoho.

see, 1 lot usdchf is apparently different than 1 lot gbpchf in margin size, right? the difference of the margin is the risk that you expose to the market.

in fact, if it is perfectly balanced (lotsize adjusted according to MB's posts few days ago) hedged basket, there will be no profit or loss.  these kind of inefficiency does not exist in current FX market, imho.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
mbkennel, pl explain with an example

--- 帖子 #993 ---
I modified this code so it closes once per morning at 5am as per MB's suggestion. It hasn't performed well at all, not having closed a basket in over 1 week:

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/themaxx/ph6-01-rr/87667

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Has everyone given up on this strategy and moved on to something else?

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Dropbox is cool for file sharing. Thanks for the info.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
No, I haven't. Works like a charm. Using Phantom Addsix 02a with standard pairs, nothing else. Lotsize 0.01 / PP 2%, rest is all left on standard.

Does the trick ... you just have to wait and see

All these accounts are running it :

http://www.myfxbook.com/id/members/smee205

Cheers, xxl

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Glad to see you're making real money with this strategy!

What's the difference between the 5 accounts you're running? Starting time only? Are you trying to diversify by running the different accounts?

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Hey Maxx,

yes the differences are starting date and balance that I have put up. I am managing those for some friends, they are not mine. I don't want people see my own mess ^^

I will start diversifying with additional accounts when balance reaches around 3000 Euros, due to Alpari UK limits (2.0 lots total and 100 trades) on the pennys.

--- 帖子 #999 ---
for the accounts with only 1000s or less, i'd make a bet, hoho, no hard feeling, just a bet that you will have a margin call within 2 months at most.

just for fun, no hard feeling

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
No offense taken, Charvo. I have the same bet running against my fellows

So, let's make this official a bit, wanna take you on ... you bet on a margin call on one of my seen accounts until 30th of April ? I'm in, just for fun ;-)

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Now this thread is back life. Good to see your confidence.

C'mon charvo, accept the challenge.

I remember someone was mentioning a few days ago about this EA as the holy grail

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
In my testing of 500:1 accounts, margin calls only lead to a 10-20% drop (can't remember the exact figures I've deleted my last bad test). Psychologically that might be hard to trade, but if there's a margin call every few months and the accounts are accruing at 30-50% per month, it's still a great system. And with 50:1 leverage I haven't seen a margin call in my 3 months of testing multiple accounts. And 50:1 can still give you 15-20% profit per month.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Ok, I herewith bet that each of the accounts will make at least around 15 basket closures equaling 300-400 Euro in total until the 30th of April 2011

That is a nice challenge. My friends will get me toasted ^^ glad they do not speak english that good to understand this thread ;-)

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
O ye, glad to take it, dude.  i'll watch it close, and don't remove your data from myfxbook,please.

of coz, if you get no margin call, your account will be quite doubled or tripled.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Yes, that, still think it is now, but it does need some smart and systematic management.

I don't think that we've figured out enough of it.

actually, I will double theMaxx's trading size, if go LIVE.  that'll be easier for my heart.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
So if that's all thats remaining, let's discuss smart systematic management.  The Cut Loser (CL) mod with CutLoserMultiplier (CLM) has already been discussed. You could close the basket based on number of trades, length of time the basket has been open, or a function of free margin.  What do you think will work the best? What are people testing?

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
the cut loser in my mind is not a very smart idea, although it DOES meet "cut the loser, run the winner" logic (this makes it at least not a bad idea).

why not very smart? because the DD is usually caused by "many positions have a similar floating loss", NOT by "one position has many floating negative pips".  do you agree?  if so, then it seems not quite reasonable just blindly cut one biggest loser.

i still think this cut-loser is effective, and long-term good.  however, i have not tried it.

recently, jcs and the others discuss cutting some positions with negligible floating p/l.  that's a better idea.  MB also presented concise logic on how to code it.  that's great.  however, this is dealing with the problem----too many redundant positions.  we might also think about how to deal with the ORIGIN of this problem.  In other words, many positions were entered in a wrong time (or frequency).

please let me elaborate:

we all agree that Asia is less active than London or NY.  but does Asia move or trend? yes, it also does, it just does not move as much as london or NY.  so why "use hours" to only trade London, but NOT trading Asia? I'll definitely trading Asia!  if you "use hours" not trading Asia, it might bring in more risk in fact.  In 2008 meltdown, Asian session also runs like falling off a cliff.  therefore, a logical method to deal with lazy Asia, to me, is enter one pos every 2 hours, so this way does meet the market's own rythm: less in Asia, more in London & NY.  I feel that it can significantly reduce DD.  I've been doing this manually (though it's easy to code) on my tiny LIVE account.  If i didn't do it, i will have a margin call every 2 or 3 days.

all these above are only tiny issues in fact, not really affecting the system's power.  the only important thing so far we know for sure is the sufficiently large margin.

it is surprising that all thru 70 pages, people rarely discussed the difference of various versions of EA, and advantages and disadvantages of their fundamental logic.  those are the essential issues.  this EA is not a tech analysis system.  it wins because of its logic.  we need thoughts on that.  why reset? why 6 pairs? why 'X', what if yes, and what if no.  the answers might be in fact simple, just people wouldn't think them over.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Just a quick question

I have been running both the Six_2a and the 01a

All day and neither seem to be making any trades?

Is there something i'm missing?

Comparing my account to xxl205 's there should have been trades by now?

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Yes Neosynx, there should have been some trades, at least from the 01a version which still is supposed to open one each hour.

But on my 5 accounts there is also some kind of mystery. Despite I have switched them on all at same time and they close the baskets quite at the same time, they often do not trade exactly the same trades afterwards.

Does someone know, where Phantom "stores" its phantom trades ? I have tried cleaning variables with F3 after a full closure, but that and fresh restarts of MT4 did not solve my problem yet. They still run well though ;-)

Try closing MT4 and restarting it if you see that 01a isn't opening trades at the new hour. My Alpari demo accounts seem to be offline quite frequently around 5 minutes at the :00, especially at evening / night. The live accounts though are stable.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Two things to check.

1. your broker has all 14 pairs used in the EA(some brokers dont have nzd/jpy) that will cause the EA to not function.

2. Go to market watch, right clk on "symbol" then click "show all".

These are the 2 common problems seen in past if EA doesnt take trades.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Some very valid points mentioned there.

Why 6pairs? By adding any more pairs is it possible to have variety to the possible winners? This EA feeds on volatility. Are existing pairs enough to reflect all the volatility in the market?

If we observe major contributors in this aspect, I think so. We have USD, GBP, JPY and CHF (which is only due to present market sentiments). JPY was the major mover sometime back but not so much now. What about AUD NZD or CAD? May not add much value?

What about Max.Margin? How to optimize the lotsize or does it really make or break this EA?  I like xxl's theory of needing certain no. open positions needed to get the final push.

Profit Pc chosen is also of critical value. I have seen 3 % value easily reached during volatile times. When this EA can produce 5% drawdown, it can also produce similar profit.

Having  a large account will nullify all this and is it the only essential requirement?

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Thanks guys it was the "show all symbol" thing

Yes another point >> We do need to understand the logic behind this strategy

Anyone who can shed some light on the reason this strategy works.

I believe Basket 14 EA System was the original thread behind it?

It would be great. It will help us understand where the flaws are.

And if profit can be made in the long run with margin calls?

No system is perfect we just need an edge in our favor , to make money.

I have made a hybrid grid EA it works very well. But yes will blow your account in the end. The question is if you can split 1000 small account every time u double them . You have an awesome geometric progression. So blowing up accounts long the line wont hurt your profit making.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Hi All, and in particular Roundrock,

I am reporting on the DD EA Basket Closures for the week ending 25 Feb 2011:-

OOTB settings on EA Phantom6_01DD
100:1 Leveraged Account.
Running only during London and NY sessions.

1st Basket:
First trade entered at 9.15 GMT on 17 Feb.
Basket closed at 8.35 GMT on 22 Feb.
Trades: 37
Largest Floating DD -2.16%

2nd Basket:
First trade entered at 13.53 GMT on 22 Feb.
Basket closed at 14.07 GMT on 22 Feb.
Trades: 8
Largest Floating DD -0.13%

3rd Basket:
First trade entered at 16.32 GMT on 22 Feb.
Basket closed at 11.42 GMT on 24 Feb Feb.
Trades: 84
Largest Floating DD -13.83%
Lowest Margin = 99.86
38% of the expected PP was lost in the 90 seconds or so it took to close the basket

4th Basket:
First trade entered at 14.55 GMT on 24 Feb.
Basket still open as at 16.00 GMT on 25 Feb.
Trades: 64
Largest Floating DD -15.98%
Basket is left alone over the week-end closedown.

Roundrock, while the DD EA has outperformed my basic running of Phantom6_01R, in my view it is adding too many trades for its own good and slow to get to closure once a basket is opened.

Would it be possible to test on the basis that it adds trades [Edit: at] every predetermined minute past each hour AND that it adds trades of all the winning phantoms – not just the highest winning phantom. This I think will enhance the performance of the DD EA.

Finally, I noticed that the comment on some of the DD trades is: “Moving from buffer to a long ph” while on others is the usual “Adding a Long (or short) phantom winner” Is there any significance of this?

The EA Phantom6-01xR had a basket open at 13.15 GMT on 18th Feb and has not closed since. This has been trading without CL or Recovery trades. It has had a horrendous week to contend with. Margin level is down to 196% and no margin call. I am trying my best to break this EA – its resilience is outstanding. It is running on a 500:1 leveraged account with MMTU of 2.1% and PP of 0.8%

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
hi Nicastro, thanks for testing this. excellent report

whats OOTB ? u didnt mention the PP, DrawDownToEnter values. considering the PP is way over other EAs, this seems doing well

you mentioned its adding too many trades and at same time you wanted to add all winners each hour. i am confused.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Out of the box

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Hi Roundrock,

OOTB means "out of the box" . So the settings were the ones that came with the EA posted by you.

Currently, the EA is adding trades every 15 minutes. At this interval it is adding the highest winning phantom.  By adding all winning phantoms every hour, we should get to a pop faster and with anything upto 40% less trades.

Regards

Nicastro

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
I have been testing many of the phantoms posted as well as my own mods and creations since sept of last year, so about 6 months now. Im not a coder but I have learned enough to change things and copy/paste code from one EA to another. Since I have a little experience I will share some of my thoughts on what Charvo posted.

why not very smart? because the DD is usually caused by "many positions have a similar floating loss", NOT by "one position has many floating negative pips". do you agree? if so, then it seems not quite reasonable just blindly cut one biggest loser.

i still think this cut-loser is effective, and long-term good. however, i have not tried it.

OK, I somewhat agree with this. What I have found is CL option works well while the basket remains small (less than 20 trades) and when most of your traded pairs are trending. The bigger and longer the basket the less this works, as Charvo says cutting one trade while there are many with floating loss does not much good. Also in very choppy market it doesnt work well. The whole phantom concept doesnt work well in choppy market IMO.

recently, jcs and the others discuss cutting some positions with negligible floating p/l. that's a better idea. MB also presented concise logic on how to code it. that's great.

A good idea and one I use in my manual phantom system. But the way I do it is way beyond my coding abilities. But I can tell you in limited testing this works very well.

however, this is dealing with the problem----too many redundant positions. we might also think about how to deal with the ORIGIN of this problem. In other words, many positions were entered in a wrong time (or frequency).

This has always been my biggest problem/complaint with the phantom logic. It takes too may trades that after looking at the chart I think man there is no way I would take that trade on that pair. This happens alot after phantom reset or restart. Only solution I can think of is to have a wait period between phantom start and actual trade maybe 3-4 hours?

To me the problem is most of your pairs are usually in some kind of trend up or down. may be longer term trends or maybe only 2-3 day trends, and I just see too many counter trend trades taken. Now thats not a problem when you can get a quick basket close but if the basket gets extended these seem to be the anchors that slow it down. And the longer the basket runs the more chance you have getting more anchors.

Asian session also runs like falling off a cliff. therefore, a logical method to deal with lazy Asia, to me, is enter one pos every 2 hours, so this way does meet the market's own rythm: less in Asia, more in London & NY. I feel that it can significantly reduce DD.

Another decent idea, I like it. I checked a while back and found that 80% of my basket closures were during london/ny trading hours. Very few in asia and only when there was big move in yen or aud.

it is surprising that all thru 70 pages, people rarely discussed the difference of various versions of EA, and advantages and disadvantages of their fundamental logic.

Well, kinda what Im doing now . Didnt always discuss, but tested most of them.

we need thoughts on that. why reset? why 6 pairs? why 'X', what if yes, and what if no. the answers might be in fact simple, just people wouldn't think them over.

Reset

advantage- Allows you to trade the best pair within the last few hours, which may be moving alot,getting you to that basket pop.

disadvantage- 1.best phantom may be pair that is in small retrace, get a few trades, then pair resumes original trend trapping you with garbage. If this happens few times in basket it will be big drawdown. 2. Pair is a steady mover that could make you pips but not always the best phantom so EA misses some potential good trades.

No-reset

advantage- Longer term, will keep you with the strongest phantom pairs, less counter trend trades.

disadvantage- The best phantom from start might not now be the best, newer stronger pairs will be delayed in getting trades until they take over the top spot.

Im still up in the air a little on this one, but I seem to favor a reset every 12 hours. The newer mod from roundrock(I think it was him) that resets before each session has worked ok so far too but only been testing short time.

"X" factor- always use it, keeps out redundant trades or trades on a phantom that may be weakening. Dont see any disadvantage in using it.

6-Pairs- Ive tested every number from 3 to 14 pairs (as long as they could be hedged) I like 4 pair, 6 pair and 8 pair best, with 4 pair probably my favorite. My manual system I use 22 pairs, but I couldnt code an EA to handle that kind of logic.

OK, thats some of my thoughts. Would love to hear comments from some of you other guys who have been testing for awhile.

I have to admit these phantoms have kind of got me addicted to them, only problem is I dont know if I will ever get real comfortable trading real money with any of the EA's as they stand now. So thats why I developed my own manual system with the phantom concept as its base but using my own ideas and logic based on the things I have seen, to manage the baskets.

Good luck to everyone..

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
A good post outlining the major issues which need to be addressed.

Can you please elaborate on your manual system? Do you enter based on any particular indicator or logic? How do you close your orders? All at once?

Very Interesting concept. Do you use any stoploss or just hedge with any other pair?

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
The problem I see with cutting a loser based on size or floating PnL is that you have no idea whether the pair you're cutting is the pair that is going to bring your basket to profit.

Why not use the phantom logic to chose which pair to cut? Eg:

(a) do a reverse of the phantom buy - cut 1 pair based on the worst performing pair in the basket(*)

(b) keep a record of the phantom buys, and cut the pair that was a phantom buy last out of all the pairs

(*) has this been suggested before?

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Cutting the worst performing is very similar to the cut loser, which sometimes is OK but often isn't.

Only difference is "when?".

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Yikes..It would be a long post.  LOL.

Only testing for 2 weeks. Let me go a month or so and if its still decent Ill put something together. This is the phantom thread for EA trading so I dont want to get off topic from that. Maybe Ill start a new thread at some point.  Plus, I have the entry criteria set, but Im still tweaking some things like trade size, exit target, etc.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Okay, Thanks, I will be waiting..

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Hi FraserD,

I am missing your meticulous testing  results.  Do you ahve any updates to supply us with.

Would you mid telling us what Cut Loser percentage you are using on your tests?

Look to hear from you

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Hi  JCS,

I believe you may have gone live on the EA.

I was wondering what kind of effect the difference in price feed between demo and live accounts was having on the frequency of the basket pops.

Are you trading with Alpari UK?

Are you trading 0.01 lots?

Would you mind enlightening us on this?

Many thanks in anticipation

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
No I am NOT trading live

I still do not feel comfortable with the levels of DD

Not demo testing at the moment, as I guess we know just about most things the current ea's can and can't do and repeating same demos does not add to our knowledge

Waiting and hoping for Roundrocks revised ea with margin protection in mind

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
this kind of function in fact should be "complicated decision", in other words, either manually performed or very complex subroutine.

however, if want a simple solution, then the answer to "when" might be "early London afternoon/New York morning".

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Isn't that a typical time for turnarounds?  Can you motivate?

And what would be the criterion?  If you are in margin danger then the trading session could really screw you well before the once-per-day time, unless this is for a different reason.

Cutting the "least distrurbance to ongoing basket when in margin danger" is easily implementable now that I think about it.

You need only one (not two as I previously believed) floating point global variable.

This variable accumulates the total (signed) P&L of all trades it has closed without a basket close.  When in margin danger, choose the open trade (different from most recently added symbol) whose P&L, when added to the sum of previous P&L's (which can be zero) gives the smallest absolute value.  Close it, and update the ongoing P&L upon a successful close.

Clear the ongoing P&L variable upon basket close.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
I realize I was wrong in the above.  It's similar, but not very similar.

Cutting the worst performing according to phantoms bases P&L on the open point of the phantoms and not the individual trade's opening point.

I don't think this has been suggested before.  It might be better than cut losers based on actual open trade P&L

I'm not sure though that there is any means to choose the best pair to eliminate---random choice may be as good as any.

The strategy works by exploiting short-term momentum.  If previous trades went bad then it was because the momentum didn't persist long enough.  The information that "there was a short term trend back then which caused a trade"  is no longer relevant; only relevant information now might be just "you have many trades open".

Maybe the best strategy is to give up, close all and reset if there is no profit by a certain amount of time and move on.

Alternatively if you believe that information decays, cutting the oldest trade might be fine.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Hi, MB, check below please:

Isn't that a typical time for turnarounds? Can you motivate?

And what would be the criterion? If you are in margin danger then the trading session could really screw you well before the once-per-day time, unless this is for a different reason.

my assumption is London noon is the most active hour, at that moment, if we cut a loser of the worst performing pair, we will have 2 outcomes:
1. we cut it wrong, the market reverse, but the EA will quickly add to winning pairs and we will be better if the market moves fast. the cut itself won't make our margin condition worse (right?).
2. we cut it right, the market continues, the margin gets better.

the only danger is the market reverse, then ranging, without reaching a closure ---- that's why i feel the good time to do "cut a loser" is during active market hours.

You need only one (not two as I previously believed) floating point global variable.

This variable accumulates the total (signed) P&L of all trades it has closed without a basket close. When in margin danger, choose the open trade (different from most recently added symbol) whose P&L, when added to the sum of previous P&L's (which can be zero) gives the smallest absolute value. Close it, and update the ongoing P&L upon a successful close.

Clear the ongoing P&L variable upon basket close.

this is absolutely smart logic for coding, when we apply the margin-release function.  I manually do this everyday around NY 7~10 pm, tired of the manual crap, but it is a must, since my LIVE account's margin is always low. but as you see, i feel this function should work in Asian session.

Thanks for your coding logic again, are you going to implement it?

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Again, please see RED font

I realize I was wrong in the above. It's similar, but not very similar.

Cutting the worst performing according to phantoms bases P&L on the open point of the phantoms and not the individual trade's opening point.

I don't think this has been suggested before. It might be better than cut losers based on actual open trade P&L

no, seemingly not mentioned before.  however there is one implicit assumption of your idea----the EA does not reset every X hours.  at most, the EA may reset once every 1 or 2 days so that your cutting logic may work well.  I feel it may be quite helpful to phantom_01.mq4 (theMaxx used it).  then it'll be more "cut the loser fast" fundamentally, since the phantom pl is more convincing as trend indicator.

I'm not sure though that there is any means to choose the best pair to eliminate---random choice may be as good as any.

absolutely

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Hi All, and in particular Roundrock,

I am reporting on the DD  EA Basket Closures for the week ending  4th March 2011:-

OOTB settings  on EA    Phantom6_01DD
100:1 Leveraged Account.
Running only during London and NY sessions.

1st Basket:
Basket held over the preceding week-end
First trade entered at 14.55 GMT on 24 Feb.
Basket closed at 8.15 GMT on 1st Mar.

Trades: 89

Largest Floating DD -16.37%

2nd  Basket:  - MMTU now increased to 1%
First trade entered at 13.47 GMT on 1st Mar.
Basket closed at  17.26 GMT on  1st Mar               .

Trades: 32

Largest Floating DD -16.37%

3rd  Basket:  - MMTU now increased to 1%
First trades entered at 10.21 GMT on 3rd Mar.
Basket closed at  12.44 GMT on  4th Mar - Closed EA for the weekend and NFP              .

Trades: 76

Largest Floating DD -22.44%

The EA  Phantom6-01xR had a basket open at 13.15 GMT on 18th Feb. This basket finally closed on Tuesday 1st March at 9.01 GMT.
Since then it has managed to close 5 baskets on Tuesday each with a PP of 0.8
Final basket opened 16.18GMT on 1st March
Basket still open.
NFP would have lead to margin call - closing 2 trades.
500:1 leveraged account with MMTU of 2.1% and PP of 0.8%

It is clear that Phantom6-01xR needs JCS's closure rules incorporated into the EA.

The introduction of a 3rd Basket could avoid the lingering basket.

Roundrock, may we please please ask that you devote sometime to this.

Sincerely

G  Nicastro

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
thanks for the report nicastro

1st Basket:
Basket held over the preceding week-end
First trade entered at 14.55 GMT on 24 Feb.
Basket closed at 8.15 GMT on 1st Mar.

Trades: 89

Largest Floating DD -16.37%

2nd Basket: - MMTU now increased to 1%
First trade entered at 13.47 GMT on 1st Mar.
Basket closed at 17.26 GMT on 1st Mar .

Trades: 32

Largest Floating DD -16.37%

1st basket closed on 8:15 gmt and 2nd one closed at 17:26 GMT. But there are 32 trades. is it opening every 1 hour or 15 min ?

i didnt understand what u mean by jcs closure ? can you explain? are you talking about closing when margin dips to dangerous levels ? i didnt understand what jcs mentioned. can you explain with an example ?

btw, why is that you have 100:1 and 500:1 ? can u test both with same settings ?

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Hi Roundrock,

I respond to your points as follows:-

1) The DD Ea opens trades every 15 minutes.

2) Yes. JCS closure is set out in his post 965. JCS will you please provide further examples of how you would like to see the margin protector operate so that Roundrock can code the necessary

3) I have 2 demo accounts. 1 at 100:1 leverage and the other at 500:1 leverage. Do you wish me to test both EAs with the same leverage settings? That will not be a probelm. Which EA? At which leverage?

4) The third sub-basket idea is set out in my post 929

Sincerely

G Nicastro

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
last week i posted a EA for DD that trades every hour not every 15 min. i think u didnt replace it. i had every 15 min to test the bugs (i can speed up with 15 min)

regarding leverage, make sure u test both with same settings. doesnt matter if its 100:1 or 500:1

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Sorry Roundrock,

I did not see the 1hr DD Ea. Can you please post it again so I can start testing at 500:1 too so we can get a comparative

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
This one opens every hour:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...73#post4396373

This one opens every 15 minutes:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...39#post4412439

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
here it is. this one opens every 1 hr

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Need you guys do me a favor, if possible.

i was thinking how to determine if our pairs selection are good, or
is there another set of pairs that are better?

i must say i'm lazy and slow, and just realised that i could do this to gain a preliminary idea.

i use TheMaxx's statements uploaded on Feb 10 (1135 trades).  import into excel, and do these:

i count how many trades each pair has produced.  it is the 2nd row of the table below. but the # of pairs cannot really tell if a pair is very constructive to profit winning.  a big # of positions by xxxyyy may very likely be due to the xxxyyy pair tend to reverse, and trap the whole basket.

so i count how much $ each pair made or lost, then i got the 3rd row of the table below.  it looks a little clear that chfjpy and eurchf are two sleepers in this workforce.  apparently, they might need to be replaced.  In other words, eurchf placed 175 trades to contribute only $20 profit, which implies eurchf is usually the one who slows down the whole basket.  when a basket closes in profit, it is usually not because of eurchf.  and chfjpy is further worse.

this in fact strengthen my guess that usdjpy, eurusd might be a better substitute.

however, i don't have statistics to prove it.  in case any of you guys tried different pairs config, could you please share your demo/live trades statements so that we can further this analysis?  i remember thorn and Mbkennel seemingly tried different pairs.

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Thanks Roundrock

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
I tried both thorn and mbk's pairs, and they didn't perform as well as the standard pairs over a month period. I deleted the test but it's very easy to test yourself, just run two demos side by side and see how they go.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
I hate to pound it in over and over, but it really matters if you are running a fully balanced basket, meaning that you adjust the lotsize to account for the different values in the first currency of a pair.

Without "fully balanced lotsizes": Generally as 1 GBP is worth more than EUR or CHF or USD, then you will both see more trades (if you check phantoms in $ P&L) and more profit (if the EA is net profitable) in GBPxxx vs any others.  But that doesn't really mean anything.

That being said, I feel that the original 6 currencies are still better in my tests of different fully balanced baskets.   I have a test EA running with balanced baskets and a large number of potential baskets to use (and each in forward and backwards polarity) but there are some operational issues (many Off Quotes--check Journal) so I'd like to fix those because they are confounding results.  I'll post something when I have something that works OK.

I did post one version which has fully balanced baskets (original pair set only) and of all my tests, that has done the best.

I am concerned about the stability of the strategy if it only works on a certain set of pairs.  I won't feel comfortable going live until I can get a method that seems to work OK on a number of basket sets.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
i understand that you meant "balanced lotsize" for phantom trades, right? Or, even real trades also need to be lotsize-tuned?

Is this same as your previous MOD that use % of price change instead of pips of price change?  Seemingly it is different.....

I'm experimenting with a few versions.  One version is actually your last upload "balanced phantoms" version.  Now it carries 100 trades, hanging there 2 weeks now.

I observed XX125's myfxbook also trapped in DD now.

um, we need to figure out a way to deal with these.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Hi to everyone,

I will appreciate if someone could add a log feature to Phantom_AddSix_02a.

I dream to gather more information about its work, such as when it reaches new low.

I am interested in having the possibility to read in a log file when (Date and time) it reaches new Lowest Margin and/or Largest Floating Loss and/or Max Floating Drawdown, as wellas now it writes these infos on the screen, also to write the same data on a log file, adding Date and Time, of course.

Something like:

2011/03/11, 08:04, Lowest Margin %: 383,81%, Largest Floating Loss: -962,46

There is here someone that can code it, please?

I'd appreciate him very much.

Good bye.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Achab, I think this will work. Replace the existing code with the following:

Inserted Code //+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//|   Keep track of lowest margin level and largest floating loss.   |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+

void ExamineMarginAndFloat()
{
if (AccountMargin() > 0.0)
{
PercentMarginLevel = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(100 * AccountEquity() / AccountMargin(), 2));

if (PercentMarginLevel < valLowestMarginLevel)
{
valLowestMarginLevel = PercentMarginLevel;
GlobalVariableSet(LowestMarginLevel, valLowestMarginLevel);
Print ("Largest Floating Loss: $" + DoubleToStr(valLargestFloatingLoss,2) + "    Lowest Margin %: " + DoubleToStr(valLowestMarginLevel,2) + "%");
}
}

if (EAPL < valLargestFloatingLoss)
{
valLargestFloatingLoss = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(EAPL, 2));
GlobalVariableSet(LargestFloatingLoss, valLargestFloatingLoss);
Print ("Largest Floating Loss: $" + DoubleToStr(valLargestFloatingLoss,2) + "    Lowest Margin %: " + DoubleToStr(valLowestMarginLevel,2) + "%");
}

if ((valLargestFloatingLoss / valLastFlatEq) * 100.0 < valMaxFloatingDrawdown)
{
valMaxFloatingDrawdown = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr((valLargestFloatingLoss / valLastFlatEq) * 100.0, 2));
GlobalVariableSet(MaxFloatingDrawdown, valMaxFloatingDrawdown);
}

return(0);
}

The only two lines that I've added are the ones starting with:
Inserted Code Print ("Largest Floating Loss: $" + DoubleToStr(valLargestFloatingLoss,2) + "    Lowest Margin %: " + DoubleToStr(valLowestMarginLevel,2) + "%");
This should print those details to the logfile with a date stamp. Can't check as I don't have full access to my VPS at work.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
I'll try ASAP.

Thanks, Pete.

I wish you a nice weekend.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Yes, of course real trades need to be lotsize tuned, because otherwise you are accidentally making biggest bets on GBPxxx pairs.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Hi

Can any one senior advise about minimum starting balance for Phantom 6 System.

I mean Sarting balance of $100.00. Is it possible will it work with $100.00 ??

Thanks

arasheed

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
I think so, but you need to lower your MMTU and PP. Why not demo it and find out? Demo is free.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
MB - have you coded this? What is the result of your testing?

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Pete,

I added these lines:

Inserted Code Print ("Lowest Margin %: " + DoubleToStr(valLowestMarginLevel,2) + "%," + " Largest Floating Loss: $" + DoubleToStr(valLargestFloatingLoss,2) + ", Max Floating Drawdown %: " + DoubleToStr(valMaxFloatingDrawdown,2) + "%"    );
// This last line writes on the normal log file the lowest margin, the largest floating loss and the max floating DD to trace the lowest moments.

because I forgot to add "Max Floating Drawdown %". Soon I'll verify if it works properly.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Yes I posted a version a few weeks ago.  On the original pairs it works OK, but on other pairs, I'm not sure.

I'm now getting many "Off Quotes" errors so I don't know if recent results are reliable.  I wonder if it may be the "Slippage" parameter which is not adjusted for 5 digit brokers.  I fixed that in the version I'm attaching.

I would use the fully balanced for theoretical reasons alone.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Problem with Demo is ,They open minimum balance $3000.00 and not $100.00.so it is difficult to test.

arasheed

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Not true - you just need to ignore the drop down box and enter the figure manually.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
If I remember well, The Maxx few time ago demostrated that for opening 0.01 lots this EA needs $3000: isn't it right, Pete?

With only $100 USD the risk to blow up your account is very high.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Hi All, and in particular Roundrock,

I am reporting on the DD  EA Basket Closures for the week ending  11th March 2011:-

OOTB settings  on EA    Phantom6_01DD
100:1 Leveraged Account.
Running only during London and NY sessions.

1st Basket:  MMTU at 1% @15 Min trade additions
Basket held over the preceding week-end
First trade entered at 12.55 GMT on 7th Mar.
Basket closed at 13.42 GMT on 9th Mar.

Trades: 79

Largest Floating DD –30.9%

2nd  Basket:  - MMTU at 1%  @ 1hr trade additions
YET to open in 3 trading days ------Is this usual??

2nd Test
OOTB settings  on EA    Phantom6_01DD @1hr trade additions
500:1 Leveraged Account.  MMTU at 1%
Running only during London and NY sessions.

1st Basket:
First trades entered at             16.01            GMT on  10th Mar.
Basket Trades = 4
Basket still open

The EA  Phantom6-01xR
Basket opened 16.18GMT on 1st March
Basket was going nowhere. Manual intervention invoked along the lines suggested by JCS (but not followed rigorously)
Finally manually closed on 10 Mar at 10.50GMT  at a 5% loss

This was one of those instances where the taking of a loss was the only solution to enable the demo account to move onward and upwards.

I think we still need an automated closure mechanism to get us out of a stalling basket much quicker than was achieved by my manual intervention.

Any progress on the closure mechanism Roundrock?  JCS suggestions are set out in post 965

Looking forward to progressing this thread to producing a valid, quick-closing, profitable  and stable EA that can be traded live.

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
I am of a generation where these computers were the subject of science fiction  and I cannot seem to get my head round the concept of coding.

I am taking my first steps but fear that over the past fortnight I have come unstuck.

I have tried to make some changes to the EA posted on this thread by Roundrock,  version Phantom6_01R, by the introduction of a third sub-basket. I have posted the details of this third sub-basket in post 929.   The only change on the details posted is that sub-basket C only has 2 pairs trading, that is to say buy  EURCAD and sell   USDCAD.

I have tried to incorporate those changes but when I try to compile the EA it reports a number of errors which, with my limited knowledge, I am unable to correct.

I am uploading my amended version of the EA and would be eternally grateful if any coder could dedicate some time to debugging what I have produced. I had a lot more bugs when I started off  and I’ve whittled it down about 20 bugs. I’m at the end of my tether in trying to resolve the problems – some help would be appreciated -

Looking forward to moving on with this project.

Many thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Yes that's true - even then the drawdown on my account has been 25%. But I was trading standard lots so microlots might be different?

Pete

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
If your basket can go -30.9% against you, do you think that there is a chance that your basket can go 30.9% for you? If so, increase your PP and test 10, 20, 30 or even 40.

If not, fade the baskets and you have the holy grail right here with a 30% return on one basket.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
great, MB, many thanks!  will demo it.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Nicastro,

I cleaned up the EA for you except for the UseLotsC error.

Im not sure what the purpose of basket c is, so I wasnt sure what to do with it. If you can explain how you wanted it traded maybe I can fix it.

Your errors were minor, looks like you copy/paste and forgot to change some stuff and you had a few brackets missing or out of place.

In the Add To Winning trades section there is nothing defined for basket_c on how to trade it, thats why the errors.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Chaps,

During the day I have managed to reduce the errors down to 3.  But now I am stuck

Can one of you coders please lend a hend.

Pretty please..........

I attach the updated EA with less errors

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Mr Thorn,

Thank you very much for your time.

I am about to start demoing it this AM.

{Edit: having downloaded it, I see that the Add to Winning Trades section of the EA is what I would call double dutch twice over on a dark night when the witches are out - not only incomprehensibe, but also frightening}

Basket_C is to trade in exactly the same way as the other 2 baskets. It is to add a trade of either pairs in the desired direction provided that the Phantom for the pair in question is in profit and the sum of all trades actually placed for the pair are also in profit.

Thorn, would it be possible for you to code these Basket_C requirements?

Once again, many thanks in anticipation

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
After about a week and nearly 30% drawdown, 2a closed yesterday with 3 % profit. I never expected that it would recover. May be, as it has been earlier, we need to set a higher profit pc say 10% and then trail it so that we can utilize the momentum.

I had mirror 2a also running which runs in the opposite direction and it closed twice making around 4 %. This EA has not been in any major drawdown for the time being. I just want to check, when one is in drawdown, other will make profit or is there any relationship at all.

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
When you say mirror I assume that you've just moved the buys to sells so that the list is:

Group 1, The Phantom Buys

1. GBPCHF

2. CHFJPY

3. EURCHF

Group 2, The Phantom Sells

4. GBPUSD

5. USDCHF

6. EURJPY

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Exactly..

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Do they complement each other and smooth out returns?

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
I don't know yet but hope it will. I have been running it for only past week or so but it is likely that they behave independently as each requires typical conditions to be met before orders are placed.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
i've done this for a month now.  i tried to follow your success, so i used that phantom6_01x.  i did NOT use "forced reset by x hours".

i set up two mirrors, so that for each pair, long and short may both be traded.

the performance is random to me.

indeed, when EA 1 is trapped in DD, EA 2 may be making money or be trapped in DD as well.

before i demo "two mirrors", i thought that maybe when EA 1 is trapped in DD, EA 2 may make money on a consistent or accelerated manner.  it turned out NO to me.  EA 2 is working on its own pace: either making money or also trapped in DD.

note that there is no such an event that both EA 1 and EA 2 are in serious DD during my 1 month demo.

my current guess is that two mirrors are not necessarily better helping each other than two same EA running with slightly different settings.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
I agree with charvo.  I saw the same.

What really matters I believe is whether the underlying currencies (not pairs, currencies!) have some trend in them.  If they do, it wins, if they reverse too quickly, it loses.  That's it.

Last couple of days, more trends = more profits.  Previous week or two, few trends = losses.

Generally macroeconomic instability = trends, macroeconomic stability = choppy currencies.

The decorrelated market could be equities.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
i also observed an effect of X factor (add trades when previous pos are positive...). the whole basket might freeze, hanging there, no more adding, and no closing either, because all 6 pairs have positions with negative floating pips. i guess that after many weeks, these kind baskets will move again, but taking too many days alone make it intolerable, i usually cut the biggest losers manually, and this seemed to help the basket recover quickly. ( i said before, cutting biggest loser is not quite smart, but in real life, it turns to be an easy solution ) however, when i cut the biggest loser, i always cut a group of 3 hedged positions together. for example, when i cut a bleeding gbpchf with -200 pips, i'll also cut a gbpusd and usdchf (these 2 may be slightly + or -).

i also feel that "reset by forced hours" add randomness into the system's expected performance. Correct me, since i'm not sure. i guess this extra randomness is not a good thing. it might help close baskets faster, but it also might delay it a lot. if this system has an edge, then i don't need "that forced reset" to interfere with it.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
charvo: I'm not sure of that.

I think of it this way.  The EA works by short term momentum from a given set point, on the assumption that the markets do have some short-term trends, but not in all pairs at once.

If the set point is far enough back in time and you never reset, then the phantoms controlling which next trade to take are random.

A reset starts the counting of the phantoms from a given new point so that short term trends are more visible.

However, it may be better to give up entirely on the basket and close all and reset.  Maybe close all baskets by Friday afternoon?

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Charvo,

I would agree with you about the "x" factor. Think I posted couple weeks ago about that. Early in the run I think it works ok, even helps get rid of the few bad trades. But if you get to the point of 20 or more trades and running for few days, it does seem to cause the basket to stall. I think manually cutting is the way to go, and your idea of a group of 3 makes sense.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
yes, although a stalled basket might turn around itself, it usually takes many days, and a lasting DD period.

time is money, i mean in physical fact.  so i often wait no more, and cut the apparent losers.

by the way, timing is an issue that we may ponder.  what if we add trade not by 1 hour, but by 1 day? seemingly more capable of capturing market trend.  ......i haven't get a chance to try yet.

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Mr Thorn,

The introduction on the third sub-basket was intended to ensure that the basket never got to the 20 or so trades that seem to be the max number of trades before the basket would stall.

The currencies in sub-basketC are buy EURCAD and sell USDCAD which taken with the sell EURUSD in sub-basket A will ensure that we are always trading the most active pair (EU) either as a sale in sub-basket A or as a buy at 90+% correlation via EC in sub-basket C.

I think that in implementing the execution of these changes to the EA that you kindly cleaned up for me (and uploaded at post 1063), we would then have an EA which can hold its own in the face of tsunamis and nuclear meltdown.

Mr Thorn, I have tried to implement the changes to the cleaned up EA that you posted - but I'm afraid that I'm going backwards.

Can you please devote some time to this inorder to move it forward.

Sincerely

G Nicastro

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
MB, i think your opinions over, and feel a little different.  check below.

I think of it this way.  The EA works by short term momentum from a given set point, on the assumption that the markets do have some short-term trends, but not in all pairs at once.

your assumption seems not sufficiently inclusive.  are you afraid of long-term trend, or all pairs moves simultaneously?  the stronger the overall market moves, the longer the move lasts,  the easier this system perform, imho....it'll simply add the strongest pair.

especially, when the basket is trapped in serious DD, it definitely will need this kind of huge move.

If the set point is far enough back in time and you never reset, then the phantoms controlling which next trade to take are random.

A reset starts the counting of the phantoms from a given new point so that short term trends are more visible.

when DD is already huge, this reset tend to add more pos that are againest overall market trend (if there is one for recent days).  that's why i doubt if reset is valid.

However, it may be better to give up entirely on the basket and close all and reset.  Maybe close all baskets by Friday afternoon?

o ye, i think early closure is theoretically great, but difficult to practice.  if the DD is low, i feel reluctant to close.  if DD is huge, i'll feel more reluctant to close all (since some of pos are riding correctly in terms of market movement)   so cut losers one by one is easier for my heart, maybe wrong, just fit my way.....

As to friday afternoon, i guess it is always coin-flip, isn't it?

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Im afraid Im going backwards too. Im having trouble figuring just how to code it. I am still a noob at mlq4. Maybe give a shout out to Roundrock. I think he wrote this one. Or if not, he is seems to be pretty good programer he might be able to do it.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Today I closed 2a when profit  was around 7% . I had set 10% Profit Pct.

May be we should trail the basket to take advantage of the momentum.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Hi All, and in particular Roundrock,

I am reporting on the DD  EA Basket Closures for the week ending  18th March 2011

OOTB settings  on EA    Phantom6_01DD
100:1 Leveraged Account.
Running only during London and NY sessions.

I think that my old copy of the Phantom6_01DD At 15 mins may have become corrupted.  I thus downloaded a new copy form FF

1st Basket:  MMTU at 1% @15 Min trade additions
First trade entered at 08.45 GMT on 15th Mar.
Basket closed at 12.42 GMT on 15th Mar.

Trades: 12

Largest Floating DD –0.84%

2nd  Basket:  - MMTU at 1%  @ 1hr trade additions
First trade entered at 11.35 GMT on 16th Mar.
Basket closed at 21.10 GMT on 17th Mar.

Trades: 43

Largest Floating DD –5.34%

EA off the chart on FRI 18 Mar

2nd Test
OOTB settings  on EA    Phantom6_01DD @1hr trade additions
500:1 Leveraged Account.  MMTU at 1%
Running only during London and NY sessions.

1st Basket:
First trades entered at             16.01            GMT on  10th Mar.
Basket Closed at    15.42 GMT  on 14th Mar.
Basket Trades = 6
Largest Floating DD = -3.42%

2nd Basket:
First trades entered at             08.17            GMT on  15th Mar.
Basket Closed at    12.43 GMT  on 15th Mar.
Basket Trades = 4
Largest Floating DD = -1.76%

3rd Basket:
First trades entered at             19.00            GMT on  16th Mar.
Basket Closed at    06.59 GMT  on 18th Mar.
Basket Trades = 10
Largest Floating DD = -5.94%

EA off the chart on Fri 18 Mar after 3rd basket closure

Nicastro

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Hi fellas,

I finally got a version of Phantom6_01R  with the addition af a Buy EURCAD trade and a sell USDCAD trade that compiles as bug free.

The two new pairs are shown as Phatoms but they are not trading.

There is obviously some small thing that I cannot see that is preventing these two pairs from trading.

Can an experienced eye be cast over the attached EA so that it will now trade.

Yours in desperation................

G  Nicastro

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Hey all,

had not much time recently to follow the thread, just wanted to report a bit.

I am still alive on all accounts, the EA survived the EURJPY dip very good. DD was never over 20% ... for me that is very much acceptable. But I took down lotsizes again to 0.01 to avoid more.

I see you guys talking about the CL strategy a lot, when to cut the loosers. What I personally did was to trail the winners. The loosers are kept alive via the DD, but I did not want to turn a winner into red piips again, so I set a trailing stop to 25-35 pips depending on the pairs. This explains the sharp upward spikes in the balance curves.

I had full closures on thursday and friday this week, they took a long time of around 2-3 weeks each. But hey ... it could have been way worse at all ^^

It all comes down to a few clear things in my eyes :

1. Basket trading combined with sharp MM and good account size allows you to withstand a lot.

2. The adding of trades is nice with this EA because of the diversified strategy of 6 out of 14 pairs, so roughly adds trades only after certain turnaround points.

3. I will experiment with other EAs for the entries, but the basket theory shall weigh them out.

One account has been rising from 500 euros to 2000 in around 7 months of active trading since may 2010, that makes a healthy 300% and never gave me too much danger imho.

So, keep rolling  cheers xxl205

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
thanks for updates, man!

i watch your records everyday.  last 2 weeks have been a huge turnaround for you.  (simultaneously, my tiny LIVE account was margin called again  ) it is great to see all your accounts finally flying out of deep water again, but it does take human intervention according to your experiences.  i need to learn that for sure.

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Absolutely. I also was close to a heart attack sometimes, but it has been working out like any other recovery that for example Steve Hopwood implements in his EAs (FLTR, Beast etc).

So if Phantom buys its pairs, and the trend goes against you on the chosen one, you simply carry those with you. If it then decides after a certain time again, you get a better medium price ... thats the whole magic. You have to buffer this with your account size / DD. All other strategies use some kind of martingale to recover, but as Phantom keeps lotsizes the same, you maybe adjust them manually ... if you know WHEN to do it ;-)

I had even thought of something else ... why not let Phantom buy the LOOSERS of each hour ? because right now the trend often ends after maybe 3-5 hours, and then turns against you. Thus I was not cutting loosers but I trailed the winners to keep DD lower. If we'd buy the biggest LOOSERS of each hour with a pipstep adjustment, wouldn't this turn out faster then ? Just my cents on that ... what do you guys think ? That would get us closer to the turnaround points of each pair ... but I have no clue how this would work out, and I cannot modify an EA in that way ... *help* ;-)

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
One big advantage of testing EAs on Live accounts is, you re constantly trying to survive and innovate. Ideas are flying thick and fast! Good luck to you. Your contribution to 2a development is appreciated.

Please keep posting..

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Hi,

I want to share one of my last tests, the number 23.

Trying XTB broker (one of the best, in my opinion) I needed to understand when and how the margin call worked, so I used (and still using!) MMTU=10.00 and PP=5.00 (yes, ten and five).

It started on 2011/03/03, at 15:00:01 with 100.000 EUR balance, now its P/L is +86,118.80 (floating P/L -17,551.22).

Actually, the lowest margin is 30.98%, the Largest Floating Loss is -95,698.42 and Max Floating drawdown is -74.52%.

With these numbers it's easy to understand that it got more than one margin call (on March, the 13th and 14th) with highest risk to blow up. But.... It's still alive! Very alive.....!

That's why I say this Phantom is amazing.

Live stats: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-23/stats.

Good Sunday.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
I also thought about this new feature to add, as well as one that gives you automatically the possibility to close the positive position if the cross is 60-70% near to the PP but with less than 5 (or 10) minutes to the 00 time (before to open a new position, I mean).

It's better to add the half of your PP in one hour and start again instead of to wait more hours to get the double, or less, imho.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Hi guys,

I'd like to propose doing a poll about how our MMTU and PP sets.

My opinion starts from the relationship (ratio) between them, that should be >=  2.0 (such as MMTU= 0.5 and PP=0.25).

Apart this relationship, the highest PP will show only the higher inclination to risk.

What do you think about?

/achab

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Yes, I agree with that absolutely. What I did was trailing the positive trades at 25 for EURCHF, USDCHF and CHFJPY, 35 pips for GBPUSD, GBPCHF and EURJPY due to more volatility.

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
What would be a nice feature is to set PP according to the ammount of trades opened. Cause the higher lots you have active on one pair, the higher the "drive" or momentum to reach PP will be. And why not take more from the table if we can ? Means : for each trade open you calculate a PP of 0.025, so that 10 trades will mean PP 0.25, 20 would be PP 0.5 etc ...

For my micro / cent accounts at Alpari UK I have another little problem. I am only allowed to do 100 trades max, and use a total MMTU of 2.0 lots.

So 2.0 lots / 100 trades = 0.02 lots to run the account at its best. If I start using 0.03 lots, I only get 2.0 lots / 0.03 = 68 trades maximum, at 0.04 it is only 50 trades max ! Every one should check their broker limits in that cases, like minimum lots etc to avoid running out of options if the EA gets stretched to the limits / margin calls etc. Thus I will split up my margin on more accounts, means trading 2 times 2k @ 0.02 lots is the same as 4k @0.04 lots but having the advantage of 2x100 trades max instead of 50 on a single account

Demo at Alpari UK allows everything, so this is not comparable to the live account limits. For example the Alpari Pro accounts have much better spreads, but a minimum balance requirement of 20000 Euro and a minimum lot size of 3 lots (!). As the EA is scalable, that would be the same as trading 0.3 lots on a 2000 account ... and I trade my 2000 accounts with 0.02 at max !

Seeing a demo account rising from 100k to 160k in 14 days is very nice and greedy to watch, but would you do it with live money ? 100k @10 lots is same as 10k with 1 lots and 1k with 0.1 lots. I prefer to trade 0.01 with 1k money ... think about it.

If you take 100k and use 1 lot instead of 10, you'd have 6k earnings in 14 days and 1/10th of the risk going broke with a margin call ... I could happily live with 6-10 k a month and simply sit it out for some months/years ^^

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Hi guys,

I had tried something like this a while back, not sure if it was exactly what you guys are thinking.

What I did was modified one of the phantoms to close a trade if it reached a certain profit level. Kind of like the opposite of the cut loser option. If I remember I had it set to half the PP. So lets say for example if my PP was set for $30, any trade that reached $15 would close. I really didnt experiment too much with it because it didnt test too well, but I only tried one setting and for only a week or so maybe I should have given it more time.

Not sure about the idea. Is it good to close out the winners and keep the losers going? My trimming lately has been to take out an equal amount of winners and losers in the hope that one or two pairs with jump to get to the PP.

As for MMTU and PP. Still like to use MMTU 1.0 and a very low PP usually 0.1 or 0.2. That may limit the profit alot but I feel it also limits the drawdown. I usually need around 15-20 basket closes per week to make 1% and I usually do, sometimes alot more. Drawdown when on demo is not a big deal, but I always try to think how would I feel about 20% drawdown if it was real. So all my demos I try to trade as if it was real money at stake and use the account size I would try if I were to go real. Im sure xxl205 can relate to that as he is trading a live account.

One other thought, instead of trailing stop on each winning trade. How about a trailing PP. Start off with a higher PP. lets say 3%. As the profit goes up, set the PP to a level below so if there if a turnaround the basket will close with a small profit instead of going into drawdown. Maybe it could be set to 50% of current profit level. So for example if the basket reaches .5 set PP to .25, at 1.0 set PP to .5 and so on, until it reaches  that 3% level. This would keep the potential of getting a real good basket profit and keep you from losing out on a decent profit and having to wait out longer for that higher level. Not sure Im a good enough coder to figure that one out but maybe Ill give it a try.

Good luck in your testing.

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
IamThat,

I missed this post of yours. I just posted above about the trailing stop idea. Simple minds think alike LOL. Do you know how to code such a function into the EA?

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Hi, all. First, I am newbie as a trader, but I like programming in C and C++, so I find easy to code on MQL, and I am learning by now. I am sorry if my english is not good enough, but I am spanish.

Well, I like the Phantom trading idea, as well as Basket trading. The problem to me is that we can't backtest it's results and tune up the system before forward testing it. And I am sure you see as a valuable tool if you can backtest it.

First, I did try to traslate the EAs coded for MT4, for running into MT5, but it was a hard an non profitable job, because some functions doesn't traslate directly and others simply are removed. As you know, MT5 allows backtest multicurrency EAs, but its Order management is not as I like (it allows only trade following FIFO management, and not in visual mode).

Then, I have a good idea: why not backtest on MT4, but reading the rates of the other currrencies from a file? I am coding an EA that reads the historical data from a pair and writes three data for every tick: DateTime, Bid and Ask. Unfortunately, this EA can only work on MT5, because it's the only one platform that downloads historical data on every tick and with different Bid and Ask data. The EA can be launched on backtest, so writing all the historical data from each pair doesn't spends more than a few minutes.

This is just the first stage. From here, I have two options:

a) Re-code the main EA (Phantom EA, by instance), in the way that every call to the function MarketInfo(...), changing as another function that reads the file wrote previously.

b) The more elegant. Create an indicator the reads the files and serves the data to the main EA. We can, too, show the data in a beautiful way, as bars or candles.

What do you think about it? Some better ideas? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Simple mind? lol. It's a piece of shit most of the time.

What I have been thinking is about using mptm. presently I am testing another EA from T101 thread - AccountProfitProtect EA. If it works I'll let you know. There are many such EAs around here.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
I tried this too. Didn't work. Basket Profit trailing is what I am trying. Even single closure of 5% a week or 10 days should suffice. Such runs may not be that difficult to get. When trends are favorable we should exploit. Waiting for another hour may be too late.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Hi xere and welcome.

I quote you but my answer is for anyone is following this thread.

Of course it would be nice to backtest but: The data will be different from one broker to another; The demo accounts are almost always different from live ones; Some broker has different type of live accounts; Spread is always different (even if the accounts have floating or fixed spreads); We have tested that even if you start the same EA, with identical setting, in the same moment, the results will be always different (Stochastic result). So, we can say that, just in case you'll code the Phantom's backtests, you'll get only an idea about what the live trading will be.

If you are concious of it, it's ok, backtests will give us a better idea of how it works and why, but it will not be a panacea for sure.

In my personal opinion, it would be better to spend time and resources to translate it on MT5, because - before or after - we will have to go there. And this is sure.

Well, it's time to go for me.

Profitable week for everyone.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Well, thanks for your reply.

I should say that with the method I am coding, each one should build its own history, with its own broker data, and having account of the spread too (remember that I am building the history from MT5 due to its history contains different data for Ask and Bid rates). Then, this two question shouldn't be a problem.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Here you have my HistoryBuilder.ex5

Copy it to Metatrader 5MQL5ExpertsAdvisors and compile it.

Then open MT5, and in the Strategy Tester window, choose what pair and Period you want to build your ask-bid data, then click Start. When the backtest will be finish, you must have an EURUSD.csv (by instance, if this was your pair chosen) in the directory TesterAgent.....MQL5FilesHistory

Repeat the process for every pair you need. You can open the file in order to see what data is wrote on it: Datatime, Ask, Bid for every tick.

Next I must re-code the bot or made first an indicator that reads this data.

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
OK, Ill check it out. I remember that thread, from years ago. Never could wrap my mind around how he actually traded that system.

You are right, we should take advantage of those high flying baskets when they happen. But still be able to take some profit if they turn south.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
xere,

Probably off topic for this non-technical thread, but...

Kind of a combination of a) and b) works in MT4.

- Get tick data for the symbols you want to test (there are multiple ways of doing this - obviously, using MT5 tick data is one way).

- Create a library/server of proxy functions for all of the standard MT4 functions (MarketInfo, OrderTotal, OrderSend, etc). One boolean switch is used to determine if we are in test or live mode - use the Account/Order library functions in test mode or the standard MT4 functions in live mode.

- Create a library/server for the Account/Quote functions (Balance, Equity, Lot Size, Leverage, Ask, Bid, Tick Value, etc).

- Create a library/server for the Order functions. We need to simulate and track all order functions of MT4. This is actually easier than it sounds.

- In the EAs, use the proxy function names instead of the standard MT4 function names.

- Use a script to read the tick data to update our Account "server" with all tick data. If needed, you can have the script create off-line charts as the tick data is processed.

At this point you have two options and, for me, it depends on the EA:

1) Have the script call the start() function of your EA for every tick, or

2) Just attach your EA to the offline charts as normal.

Obviously, this is a high-level overview of the process. It sounds like you are well on your way to getting it done! It's great for quickly testing different variations of systems like this one and, in my opinion, very much worth it.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Hi guys,

good evening. Continuing my Phantom fine tuning (writing much more infos into the log file), now I'd like to have some more "visual" infos, such as the floating P/L in the same chart where the Phantom_AddSix_02a is running (take a look to the Spread Monitor I'm using, just to give you a better idea): have you some suggestion?

The best choice should be an indicator that follow the timeframe of its chart.

Thanks in advance.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Hi again,

I'd like you to share the daily average of closed baskets, expecially from whom is trading since long time.

My daily averages are:

Account #1: 1.22

Account #2: 1.80

Account #3: 1.81

Nice weekend.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Achab,

Try this one. Balance/Equity tracker indi. You can change the colors to suite your liking. It will also track your drawdowns. I use on H1 chart but I think it will work on all time frames.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Thank you thorn,

it's exactly what I was looking for. I already moved down for a better lecture, but can't do more: do you know how to move the green indications to the left?

Good evening.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Hi again,

and good morning. I want to share with you my live results and my feelings for this EA.

As you can see from the attached pictures, I am using a new indicator that gives me the grafical view of the floating P/L (thanks to "thorn"). With this information I can decide what to do with the profit percent, basket by basket.

This morning, for example, I noticed that the negative floating P/L was rapidly going towards the 0 and, watching how many open position I had, I decided to double the profit target. The amazing result was that Phantom_AddSix_02a EA reached the new target and also exceeded it because of slowness of the closing procedure (sometimes it's negative but sometimes it's not, so the average of the PP is reached).

Now, the positive trend is 8.1% per month and it has broken the € 8,000.00 wall, too.

So, I can suggest you to stop demoing and start live with this amazing EA, that I started to like very much (soon I'll love it).

I wish you a profitable week.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
There is a Sleep(1000) in CloseAll procedure which you can change to 100 for quick closure.

Meanwhile, good luck on your Live trading. 2a has given some confidence but I am still hesitating..

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
I changed the sleep time, and I am using it in live trading, from 1000 to 1100, also because the result of the tests I did, using sleep(100), sleep(1000) and no sleep at all, give back no appreciable difference about preformaces and final profits.

A question: why are you hesitating?

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Sir,

What MMTU and PP are you using to get these results?

Are you using the EA OOTB?  In particular, are you tarding 24x5?

What has been your mean DD?

Please do share

Sincerely

G  Nicastro

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Well, probably you are right, so I have traslated this two EAs to MT5. Just a couple of problems: I can't get the ticket for any order because MT5 work with Positions, not Orders, but I think the result is the same. Just changes the Comment in the chart, not showing the Ticket number for winners and losers (I believe this is not a main question). As well, I can't check some questions, as if the EA is testing or is not in Visual mode (again, not a main problem).

Enjoy it, and, please, give me some feedback about it.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Hi Nicastro,

here you are:

MMTU=1.25 and PP=0.5 (but notice that the Phantom is set to close when the profit reaches 17, so the real PP is around 0.213%).
Inserted Code ResetHourInterval=8
UserTradingAllowed=1
StopAfterNoTrades=0
UseSmallestLot=0
MaxMarginToUse=1.25000000
Lots=0.10000000
ProfitPct=0.50000000
MaxMiniProfit=1000.00000000
MaxStdProfit=17.00000000
MagicNumber=777114

I'm using the Phantom_AddSix_02a with few modifications about how to write the log file (thanks to TheMaxx) and the sleep time. I attached it for a complete study.

Yes, I'm trading 24x5 no-stop, actually. But maybe, in future, I'll stop it on early Friday.

The live account has 100:1 leverage, the Lowest Margin %: 239.95%, the Largest Floating Loss: $-1149.02 and the Max Floating Drawdown %: -14.90%, on March, the 23rd.

Actually the setting allows to open 0.10 lots.

I hope to have fully answered, but feel free to ask me for more.

Good evening.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Attached the modified indicator with a new input added: Corner_Info. Try to edit this variable and set it to 0 or maybe 2 (valid values are 0,1,2,3). It runs as you need.

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Thank you very much, xere: now it's perfect.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Hi, achab, and thanks.

Have you seen my previous message? EAs traslated to MT5.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Don't trust MT5, it is designed to favor the broker, more crap than MT4.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Hi Achab,

May thanks for this.

I have put on a demo this AM using your settings. I have had 2 baskets pop already, one within 8 minutes of opening and one within 1 minute of opening.

The only difference I can see is that my demo from Alpari is at 500:1 default leverage.

Have you tried testing on a higher leveraged demo than 100:1?  If so, with what results?

On your 100:1 demo, what is the average time that a basket remains open?

Hope you can help.

Many  thanks

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
MaxMarginToUse chooses a lot size based on your available leverage. If you want to mimic Achab's position sizing divide his MaxMarginToUse figure by 5.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
achab

what ur starting balance for live addsix

did u still using 8k like ur demo acc.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Hi, friends.

I am working in a new and friendly UI. You can see an advanced screenshot prior to finish the EA.

I keep the trading logic untouched. At the moment it's only a new way to show the info into the screen.

The Phantom pairs are now ordered by PL, with a colour that allows identify them easily (if it's buy or sell pair, if it's inside the trading basket or just phantom...). You can see too the time left to the next trade, regardless if it will happen or not.

The Live Area list all the orders owned by the EA, with a Total and the target.

Finally the Account Area will show the useful stats, like Current, Max and Min Balance, Equity, Margin, Drawdown..., as well as time the basket remains open ans so on.

Please, tell me your ideas about it. I will thank them and maybe add to the EA. I will continue developing it.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Looks good - but it's missing some of the information found in the standard Phantom6_01 display. All the information that it throws up is useful I wouldn't leave it out.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Hi xere,

here are my news. I started using this indicator on my live account and it works fine, as already wrote you.

Now, I added it also to another account and using this last one I am having  a problem. Because of the equity is different from the balance, the lines never match (see the attached pictures for details).

I tried to make a modification but in vain. I suggest a little change that allows to sum a number (such as a bonus) to the balance to make balance and equity match (when there are no open trades, of course).

What do you think about?

Good evening.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Hi again, xere.

I am sure that "soon or late" we will have to move to MT5 platform, so your work is very important (I can't imagine when my broker will abandon the MT4 and I will not be ready to!).

I am not sure about what way to choose (more elegant way or less) but I would only suggest you to follow the one that makes the Phantom:Faster; Using less CPU as possible; Easy to some modifications (even if it will be fully parameterized.).

By the way, I already have MT5 installed on my PCs and I candidate myself for betatesting, just ask.

Good evening.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Hi, TheMaxx. Of course, this EA is still on development, so maybe you can't see every info I want to include. However, could you tell me what data do you miss in the picture? This way, I could add it. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Hi again, achab.

I don't understand exactly what is the problem (maybe due to my poor english, sorry).

I suppose the indicator is working well, telling you the correct amount of equity and balance.

So, I understand that you are trading too with another EA (or by hand) on the new account. In this case, have you tried to change the parameter "Only_Magics"? Fill it with the Magic Number of the Phantom EA (or the EA you would track).

Well, I am not sure how it works or if this is what you need in this case, but it worths to try it.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
At this moment, I have seen that I can't test the EA on MT4, due to the great use of computer resources. But you can already download and test, of course, the EAs traslated by me for MT5 on my post #1110. Please, feel free to check them and, of course, share your feedback in this thread to everybody.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
If mt4 is hogging resources reduce bars on screen and bars in history to 5 or something. The EA doesnt use them.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Thanks, but the problem is another. My first idea was to build first 14 files containing historic data (1 for each pair). Then, the EA should open and read values for each pair synchronizing with the current data on backtesting. But, unfortunately, each file is too much big to open, search and read data on every tick (in fact, they could weight about 2 Gb each one!!!). I realize then that I can't use this approach.

Another way is to traslate the EA to MT5, and I already did it.

Of course, my ears are open in order to hear ideas.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Very nice Xere. I dont see anything else need to be added. Only question could the colors be customozed by user? I only ask as I have hard time seeing color  red on black background. And yes, I could change backround but I like black. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Hi Nicastro,

you are welcome.

When I opened this real account I did it for another reason: to be a follower of signals.

After a while, I decided that I could do the same (or better) so I have given up the main idea. So, I started to use MT4 for trading. I used many different ways, automatic ones and discretionary (as we use to say manual trading in Italy).

But I can't spend so much time on trading and I decided to find something, a robot, that works fine: and I did it, because I have found Phantom(s).

I also like Alpari-UK because of its highest leverage and I have many demos with it, but be careful, the spreads you can see on the demo are not the ones you will have with the live account.

But you asked me the "average time that a basket remains open": I can't give you this news because it's misleading. I explain myself using an italian silly way: "You have eaten 2 chickens and I have eaten nothing; on average we have eaten a chicken each, but I am still dying of starvation!!

I mean, some baskets have been closed after minutes (also few) or hours, some others need days (a couple of times a week too). By the way, I am ready to send you my statement and/or csv file, just ask for it.

How your demos are going?

Bye.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Congratulation!

It's a great work, very useful. I like it. Are you thinking to develope a graphic chart, such as the Balance Tracker (Equity_bal_tracker), too?

/achab

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Hi xere,

sorry for my not comprehensive previous post.

In my previous post I have attached 2 pictures for underlining the difference between the yellow and blu lines, one is correct ("Equity_bal_traker_OK.PNG") and one is not useful at all ("Equity_bal_traker_WRONG.PNG").

The difference is not based on manual trades, but on a bonus that I have on the second account. I mean: the indicator works properly with the account that in the trade tab shows only "Balance", "Equity" and "Free margin", and works wrongly with the other account because it shows, in the same tab, "Balance", "Credit", "Equity" and "Free margin".

The problem is on the added voice "Credit" that drives the indicator in a wrong way, confusing it.

I suggest a modification to the code, because I need to teach the indicator what to read. Or, maybe easier, a field where to say the indicator what number to sum or subtract to Balance.

What do you think about?

I hope I was enough clear with this new explanation. For a better understanding, I have attached two more pictures showing the differences, including Credit.

Have a nice day.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
OK, achab, I already understand what the problem is. Well, I have modified the indicator, adding an input called "ShiftBalance". Put a positive value if you want to make the balance "greater" or negative to "smaller". Unfortunately I can't test the indi well and accurately, because I have no account with credits. I don't understand well how works this indi, because it's not mine and is made by a russian (I don't speak russian), so I can't understand the comments neither the way it makes his job. Check it with caution and tell me your feelings, please.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Hi again.

Bad news for these EAs: Metatrader 5 (Build 425) installed on my laptop (O.S. XP) can read and run them, but the backtest (just the first attempt) gives a flat line as result. But I'll make new tests later.

Worst with Windows 7 desktop: the same version of Metatrared 5 is not able to find it, even if in the right folder. Unfortunately this second PC is much faster than laptop, evidently.

Also here I'll make some more attemps, but if you have any idea, please share.

/achab.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Nope, it still works in a bad way. Just see the attached picture and you will understand.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Well I see. Please use the previous version. I am working right now on the new interface, so I can' study in depth this indicator. But I promise you I will do when I had more time. I am not and expert on indicators, but I will try change it or, maybe better, code a new one. Sorry.

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Copy your whole mt5 directory outside "program files"

David.

edit : or click in the file menu on : "ouvert données dossier" (french version), it'll show you the correct directory to add file in, after you 'll be able to compile it thru metaeditor and will see it over you ea list in metatrader

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Hi again. I did the development quickly, and I am glad to introduce this new interface. The panel looks good, and I am checked it but not deeply. It seems to run OK.

As I said previously I keep the trading logic with no changes. In fact, I have added a new boolean input parameter called "GraphicalUI": if you set it to "false", the EA shows the old look (in case you have a slow machine or poor Internet or if simply it's your choice).

But I apologize you test and enjoy it, setting it to "true". You can also set up the colors you like. I use 6 colors, and I believe they are easy to understand, but if you need some help, please ask to me. I am sure you will enjoy this new UI as I did coding it.

Of course, if something doesn't run well, please tell me in order to correct it. I can't check everything, but I trust in your valuable help testing it.

Of course, every new idea to enhance the UI are welcome too.

Enjoy and win!!!

PD:Changed the "Next Reset in" to "Last Phantom Reset", due to a missunderstanding of the reset phantom logic...Sorry

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Very Nice. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Thank you xere,

I apologize for the disturb I gave you and, please, never say sorry to me.

Your work is very appreciated.

Have a nice day.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
xere,

I have already installed it and I have to say that the first impact is not only nice, but really useful.

Good job. And thank you.

I will tell you in next days how it will work. In the while... good weekend.

Bye.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Hi again friends.

While some of you are testing the new interface, I am thinking about how to make this EA better, because I really like it, and I believe it has potential.

In the question of the UI, I think about to add a line showing the Max/Min PL for the current basket, tracking if the current basket was close to reach the profit target prior to go to the negative zone, by instance.

Maybe useful too, to add some buttons (like a menu) that allow the user close all the basket, or reset phantom values right now, or, including, trade the highest pair right now. But this last question can wait, I believe.

In the trading logic, I should say that I'm worry about trading without net. I say, this EA don't use StopLoss, because we know that it is hedging continuously pair after pair, reducing the possible loss to a minimum. But, what about a disaster like a shutdown of the VPS? Then, the EA can't hedge the first trade, and if it goes against us the loss can grow greatly (Murphy's law, you know). I think that we should add a StopLoss to each trade, so far away as you want, we can discuss the quantity, but the possible loss should be stopped.

Other major questions on the trading logic maybe the use of Break Even and Trailing Profit points. I see that in some cases, a unique trading order reach our target profit in few minutes. This means that the momentum is big, and ... what should we stop the profits when we can double it, by instance? Then my proposal is that in a level set by the user, the EA don't take profit but trailing a stop loss a quantity of $ down the current profit. This way we leave to run profits until the market would want.

Another minor logic change maybe that the user can set up the trading interval, freeing it to not be just every hour, in the first minute (adding a parameter IntervalMinutes, by instance).

I don't know what these changes can impact the EA performance.

What do you think about this?

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
I have not been using VPS and I shut down my pc at night (from 16:00GMT to  2:00GMT) and I have not faced any such problem with 2a. It has continued to perform well.

About profit trailing, I feel it is mot essential. I have seen 2a sometimes even reach a profit 7% or 8%. When the momentum is good, we should encash it.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Then, could you tell me, please, what set up you have in the bot? What ProfitPic and MaxMarginToUse? Because I think I have a tight ProfitPict as 0.25 and MMTU 0.25. My idea is not to risk too much, being safe with an account with 5000 $ or so and 1:500 as leverage (until now just demo account, of course).

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Interesting - you're shutting down during the US session. I would have thought that the Asian session would be the session to skip. What do you do with open baskets when you shut down?

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
I am running it on FXPro with 1:500 leverage with MMU of 0.3 and profit Pc of 10. I close manually whenever profit stalls for few min. ( This is where we need some sort of indicator) Couple of days back I have closed a basket with 7% profit. Even today One basket closed with nearly 3%.

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Yes, midway through the US session, can't help it I am on GMT +5.30. asian session is practically of no use, but now with jpy flying around, it can't be ignored. I keep the basket open as it is,  even on week ends, that has not bothered me much. May be when we go live, we need to close the basket on week ends atleast..Today my DEMO has made a profit 4% today, and the floating is around 1.5%.

2a has been stable somewhat, whereas I was running AddSix1a on another demo which blew up, after a fantastic run. That is what scares me.

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Hello,

after new tests (see below for the URLs) I decided to change Phantom_AddSix_02a with Phantom_Add_Six_03b.

But I want to merge some other "old" features and something new and easy, for more testing, that I will explain later. I already added the "PhantomCheckMinute" feature, coded for Phantom6_01xR, as well as I'll add xere's new graphic interface (only if he will not do it by himself).

xere, with this post I ask you the permission to merge your code into this attached EA. Or do you have time to do it (I can wait, of course)?

What I want to add ASAP is a single, simple coded line that gives new value to the "PhantomCheckMinute" variable, after every closed basket; it should check what are the last 2 digits of the time string, sum 5 and round up to next 0; if the total >= 60, subtract 60.

I think that the right place where to insert this new line is around line 916 (at line 917 there is my comment about what to add too).

Of course it is also possible to set this feature on and of, but I'd just like to test if this "accelerated EA" performs better or not.

TheMaxx (or anyone wants to help me on this), can you do it, please?

I thank you in advance.

Good weekend.

/achab

Test 31:

Phantom_AddSix_02a, 31a, 31b and c;

Phantom_AddSix_03b (modified), 31d, 31 e and f.

http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-31a/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-31d/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-31b/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-31e/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-31c/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-31f/stats

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Dear achab: Of course you (really everybody), can edit the 03 release because it's not mine, it's OURS (in fact, the first idea was from MetaCoder, if I remember well. From here, I thank him). I just give you the interface. Feel free modifying the code, just be cautious not to make poor performance, or, maybe better, allow that the user can set up the new capabilities on/off.

All right, I have seen what the parameter CheckMinute does... Simply changes the minute the EA works sending trades. Not the first minute, but another. I have seen it's easy to code. If you want, you can edit the 03 easy. Would you? Or do you want that I do it? Right now, I prefer to rest for a while, taking a vacation for some days (last days were full of activity to me). Feel free doing you the job. I explain: I just add some global vars in order to track the new data (I did comment the lines as "Added by xere") and some code to track them, and add a couple of functions called DrawChartComments and DrawText at the bottom, and an "if" statement in the end of the start function that switches between the two interfaces. That's all.

Thanks for all (I see my job is in value...)

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Thanks for your help, IamTHAT. Your approach to the EA is interesting. In fact you let run the basket until it reaches a great profit or you close it by hand when you think it's enough. But this reinforces my thought of develop a kind of Trailing in order to not become our profits into losses, without human monitoring (as your previous experience with 1a...).

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Few months before I replace Phantom_Add_Six_03b with Phantom_AddSix_02a for testing....

My observation about Phantom_Add_Six_03b is if it hits 3-4 cut lossers or do not close basket in 2 days then it goes out of control.. and you have to wait for very long time to recover or it may not recover and you will get margin call.

Right now I have stopped experimenting with phantom EAs. Only one ea I am testing is Phantom_Addthree_02a. Its same as Phantom_AddSix_02a but only for 3 pairs and its not like art phantom. Settings are pp=1 mmtu=0.2, Reset Hours=150 (no reseting). Clossed 3 baskets in last week.

Its my final testing with phantom ea

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Xere,

Few pages back we had discussed a bit about a trailing equity stop for the phantoms. Not for individual trades but for the account equity. I use a conservative  profit pct of .25. Mostly because I like quicker closures and I am unable to monitor my EA's during the london/us session because of my "real" job.

I like the idea of being able to set a higher profit percent for the times the basket reallly takes off, but yet still lock in a profit if it should reverse before PP is hit. I only know a little about programming so I dont have the expertise to code up something like this.

My idea is to trail the equity by a certain percentage as the profit goes up. For example set original profit percent to 3%. At 1% profit EA sets equity stop to .5%, at 2% profit sets it to 1% etc. So that would be a trailing equity stop of 50%. Is it possible to code something like this?

Of course, only if you are interested in such an idea.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
I have run "Add Six 03b" since 28 Dec 2010 till now .. never got any drama, and it runs auto pilot ( no intervention ) .. balance start 5000 and current balance 5,944 and floating P/L $-6.19 .. and i use 10 cents per-trade

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
I tried one EA from T101 thread (Account profit protect EA) which did not work properly. May be Steve's mptm should be tried.

If doing it manually,monitor the chart of the pair(s) which is contributing to the profit, and if there is any steam left. It was easy last week with jpy pairs.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Hi Password,

after my several tests I have demonstrated to myself that often the biggest difference in Phantom's performances depends from the broker: which one(s) did you use for your tests?

The ratio between MMTU and PP you use is the opposite I use: yours is "0.2", mine is "4.0", actually on my Alpari real account and "5,86" on my AAAFx real account (I drop the infos about demos).

I prefer to have high average of closing baskets (actually 1,87/day on AAAFx since February 2011 and 5,49/day on Alpari since 2 days) instead to wait, watching the EA while running.

But, your 3 baskets per week mean 3% of gain (weekly), 12% of gain per month as average: great result!

I will be happy and proud if I'll have constant gains about 3-6% monthly, balancing the gains with the risk to blow up.

Finally, I have no idea about what happened to your Phantom_Add_Six_03b tests: could you share them, please?

Have a nice weekend.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Hi sapiemas,

and welcome here. I have read your post and watched your graph balance with interest; could you say me/us: Is this your real account? Which broker do you use? Which are the settings you use (MMTU, PP, Leverage and their changes, just in case)? Could you, please, share your statement, too?

Your monthly average of gains is interesting (around 6.25%), very near what I am looking for, we can say "my final target".

By the way, sorry for my many questions (maybe too much), but feel free to answer only if it is comfortable to you.

Good weekend.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
He again, xere.

Thank you for your answer: it was to be expected. Maybe my question was useless, but a question more is always better than one less, IMHO.

Ad abbundanziam, if you read the first lines containing the comments, you'll see mine about the propriety of these EAs.

I agree with you also when you write about "Added by xere": it's what I already did in there.

The only "problem" I can see now, is the future confusion about the releases (when they will be many), that's why I update the version number every time I modify it and make it print on the graph the version number and date.

Also I am a bit tired and busy in these days, but I will make these updates in next days, if you will not do it before me (it's better to communicate each other when we will start to do it). I prefer e good job that needs time than to make things hastily.

At last, but not the least, yes: your job is in value for sure!

Good weekend and vacation!

/achab

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
xere,

we must have a closer relationship because you think and write too similarly to what I do.

Well, this will be a long post, so sit back.

Your idea about "adding a parameter IntervalMinutes" is quite the same I have in mind, if I have understood it properly.

It would be perfect if we could merge this last new option with the "Break Even and Trailing Profit points" ones.

Could you imagine the Phantom EA that starts trading at "00" time, goes rapidly to the first main target (PP), override it because the strong momentum, continuing to performing up to the second target and, if the momentum is still strong, put there a trailing stop loss for continuing the gain. When it will be stopped, the EA has gained much more than now. If this basket is closed after, for example, few minutes (and it happened to me many times, depending on the high ratio between MMTU and PP I use) I imagine its ability to watch the time and to set itself to change the "PhantomCheckMinute" exactly how I have explained in my previous post (sum 5 and round up to next 0; if the total >= 60, subtract 60) to open a new trade as it does normally now. More trades, and more safe, equal to more positive performance, IMHO.

Of course I candidate myself for many, different stressing tests.

This is my priority list:Add a grafical indicator (very similiar to "Equity_bal_traker" but without the bug I have experienced) because I like to have an immediate idea of what's going on just watching the monitor (at a glance); Add to "PhantomCheckMinute", already present in this Phantom downloadable here, the feature to change its starting time by self and to be set on or off (just because it should be easier than other mods); Add your Trailing Profit feature; Add your Break Even feature that overrides the PP (PP will be only the first target); Add your line showing the Max/Min PL for the current basket, tracking if the current basket was close to reach the profit target prior to go to the negative zone; Add a day and time of starting trading and a day and time stopping trading (I like the idea to stop its work after it closes the basket on mid Friday, because I want to think to other when resting or during the weekend and to start on Monday while I am still sleeping to watch what it did in first 2-4 hours of the morning, drinking my cappuccino); Add the stop loss (at the bottom because tests demonstrated how it works fine and because just in case of a "shutdown of the VPS", it's possible to run MetaTrader also from another PC, office or home).

Now I have a question: how to merge the new features to each Phantom? They are enough different...

Again I wish you a best rest.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
That's what scares me too, and any fan of Phantoms, I guess.

If you take a look to my tests (the number 3, doubled and blown up, 27a, doubled and still running or 23, tripled in less than one month and still alive, for example) you can notice that Phantoms can have amazing performances. But, how long?

More you ask from it, before it will blow up (statistically speaking, let's keep the finger crossed).

That's why I am using low PP.

Which is your month target, averagely speaking?

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Yes to your two questions: yes, it is possible and easy to code a trailing like you say, and yes, I am interested in the idea. I ask to you read the last comments posted by achab (because they can be the start of a collaboration between all of us), wait for a few days and wait for our new comments. My will is to make an almost "serious planning" of including all modifications we are thinking about, not too much rigid in time terms, but slow and safe.

Good weekend!

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
achab,

Fantastic! I like your capability of sorting the ideas. Give me a couple of days and wait for my proposal about making a planning with every questions listed.

Good weekend!

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Xere,

Thank you. Many of us have been testing the phantoms for some time now (for me since aug of last year). It is good to have a smart programer on board.

I also agree slow and safe is the way to go. Any account that doubles in 2 months also to me, has the ability to crash and burn just as fast.

As for the actual trading logic, in my experience add6_02a has worked the best for me. Although I have not always used the the original 6 pairs and sometimes I trade a different amount of pairs(tested from 4 to 12 trading pairs) It seems no matter combination I use, the 02a logic seems to give me 5-6% gain per month with minimal (5-8%) drawdown. So for me, the actual logic of adding trades is more important than how many or which pairs a traded. Also important, some of the ideas you and Achab have put up, is more toward managing the baskets and maximizing the profit potential. I look forward to hearing more of your ideas and testing any changes and additions you would like to try..Have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
I'll run a test starting this weekend.

I don't think lowering PP lowers risk, I think lowering MMTU lowers risk.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
What settings are you using? What leverage? Have you set trading to the minimum lot size?

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Hi thorn,

good evening. When I started a demo account with MMTU=10.00 and PP=5.00 for the first time, I wanted to see what happened (just for fun, we can say). After a while, I noticed something "strange": some accounts used to blow up more than others.

I wrote "strange" because I got different results from what I expected. For example, Alpari-UK makes blowing up the account more than XTB, even if the first has 500 leverage and the second "only" 100. Another strange thing is that the margin call of Alpari starts a bit before 20% of margin, XTB 30%.

So, I asked to myself: why it is not the opposite.

Unfortunately I still miss the answer, because I didn't have time for testing these very first results enough (my priority was about Phantoms and its setting).

I have read you are testing these Phantoms since more than 7 months, maybe do you have any idea?

Good weekend.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Hi TheMaxx,

good evening. I am very glad to hear your news: I will wait for your results with impatience, then!

About high MMTU/PP, do you have some test/results to share? If so, please do it.

Just in case you have not, between these two different settings, which one is more risky, in your opinion? MMTU=0.3 and PP=0.1 MMTU=0.1 and PP=0.3

Have a nice Sunday.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Hi Achab,

Thank you,

- its a demo account

- ibfx , standard account

- leverage 50:1

- default setting .. i didnt change anything

max floating drawdown = -5.27%

largest floating loss = -283.39

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Hi TheMaxx,

ootb settings .. didnt change anything

leverage 50:1

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
I have other demo with Phantom61

broker : ibfx australia

leverage : 400:1

start from : 2011.02.15

starting balance : 5,000

current balance : 6,301.84

floating p/l : -4.39

the only setting that i change was mtu : 0.05

i just reboot my vps, so i cant see max floating drawdown, i think from memory is about -17%

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Not sure I can answer that question. Im in U.S so I only test with 50:1 leverage.

As for blowing up, never had it happen. I have baskets get into some deep drawdown and not recover though. But one thing I did notice by trading small lots, the bad baskets would get to a certain point (around 15-20% DD) but then kinda get stuck there. They didnt lose more or recover much just floated around that area. I did recover a few by cutting manually, the others I just ended the test. To be clear this only happened maybe 5 times in the 50 or so different phantom configurations I have tried. So I would say most of the phantoms and variations I tried did work pretty well. So much so, that Im starting to have a tough time figuring which one I like best. I am going to start up a small live account at end of this month so I will have to decide then.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
[*]MMTU=0.3 and PP=0.1 definitely.

If you keep your MMTU fixed at say 0.3, and try different PPs, say 0.1, 0.5, 1.0, 2.0 and 3.0. I think you'll find that 0.1 and 3.0 will close the same amount of baskets, but the profitability will be much higher for the 3.0 test.

Also, if you're getting at 20% drawdown, why only take a small profit? Your upside is very limited, and your downside is huge. That doesn't sound like a good strategy to me.

I'll test your settings and I'll test a PP of 2 - I'll report back next week.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
This time I started running 2a on an old demo which had about $11k in it and the present balance is $17k in about 45 days. That is about 60% and too good to be taken as the norm. I would expect it to be around 20 - 25% p.m and that should be the target considering the risk involved of blowing up.

When you say PP of 0.1, is it actually 0.1% profit or 1%? Because by the time positions are closed, you could end up with a loss if it is 0.1%. And you need 200 pops to achieve 20%.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Ok, I will agree with half of that statement. A PP of .1 or .5 will close alot more baskets than 3.0. I know this from many months of testing. However, you are right on the profitability. It may be close to the same or 3.0 could be more profitable.

The higher the MMTU that you use the easier it would be to get 3%, but also you would risk a higher drawdown. I think everyone has a different tolerance for risk and drawdown so you would need to configure the PP and MMTU to fit your own style.

Ok, here are my thoughts on that. A lower PP does limit the potential of a basket. But, it also lowers the chance of going into drawdown. How many times to you see a basket go into profit and wake up next morning and all your trading pairs reverse and now your in drawdown. Now your stuck waiting extra time for all the pairs to realign and hopefully go your way into profit. On the other hand a lower PP may close a basket or 2 and reset, and if market changes now your set up with no or only few trades. Much easier for basket to set up into the right direction.

But looking at it the other way, basket opens, market trend well and your closing out at small PP. Now your limiting the profit, sometimes by quite a bit. If its a good week you could maybe get 2 or 3 baskets at 3% but with a lower PP maybe you only get much lower than that. So I think my answer to that would be the equity trailing stop. Possible to get that good profit, but also allow you to take a small one or break even and reload if the market should turn.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
My thoughts on this is, the PP achieved should be based on  sound  methodology involved rather than luck. We should not rely on the hope that somehow  0.1% will be reached and we will get out asap. EA should wriggle itself out of the situation  ideally. All problems start with a ranging market, and how do we deal we that I don't know.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
A little off topic, but something strange I noticed. When ever I get a basket closure, almost everytime I get more profit than I should (positive slippage). Im thinking this is because when the basket closes the pairs Im trading are moving strongly in the right direction?

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Hi again, team. After a good and funny weekend, I come back full of strenght.

First, some general thoughts: we should track a comprehensive naming code to the EA, that is, we start with the 03 release, by instance, and we plan to add 3 features in 3 steps. In this case, we should agree our priority, and agree that in the release 03a we will include the 1st feature, on the 03b, we wil take as a basis the last 03a and add the new 2nd feature, and so on. It's not needed to plan to longterm, just agree everybody that the next release should include the feature x.

If we agree to do so, here is my priority list (is very close to the achab list), starting with the 04 release (I think it's better to start with a new and fresh release):

04 - Includes the new graphical interface (as 03), adding the PhantomCheckingMinute. I think about a different aproach to this question. As I see, when we open a phantom basket, we see some pairs moving with us an other ones against us. We should wait some time in order to see clearly what are on top. Then, when a trade basket closes, currently we reset the phantom and the EA waits until the new hour opening. My proposal is to set up a parameter that forces the EA to consider trading after x minutes of the last close. I mean, if after some test, we see that the basket needs 30 minutes to "cook", then the EA will consider a new trade after 30 min last close. But, what if no one of our active pairs are on top in this moment? Will we wait 30 minutes more or will we wait until one of them are on top? I think we will wait, but...maybe we should leave it as an option...

04a - Adding the BreakEven and TrailingStop features. I believe this two are so similar, that is effortless include the two once one is coded.

04b - Adding the Time Windows feature that allows the user to define one (or several) time windows when the EA can trade (we should discuss if the EA should close the opened trades or just doesn't add more or simply doesn't start a new basket).

04c - Renew the graphical UI in order to get more statistics about how many baskets are opened, the average time they take, the max and min of the current basket... and what ideas you could give me and we can code.

04d - Adding the StopLoss feature. We can add a StopLoss to every order the EA send, but also can add a StopLossBasket parameter, for limit the global loss.

Once we establish the list of features, we could distribute the job. I am ready to do some or every tasks, but if I am overloaded, the job will be finished later. The main thing is that two coders are not working on the same question at the same time.

Waiting for your replies.

PD to achab: Deliberately, I have excluded the balance/equity indicator because I think it is not strictly the development of the EA, but don't worry. I am on that, in fact, I think I have found an old indi that can suit your needs. I upload it in this post. Try it, changing the parameter Deposit.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
I agree with you, but I also think that by lowering PP you do not remove the risk of getting a basket that goes into drawdown. You reduce the frequency, but not the risk that it will eventually happen. I think a higher PP gives you more of a profit buffer to withstand the occasions when you get a drawdown. Don't forget, PP compounds your profit, so increasing your PP increases your profits exponentially.

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Achab

My tests can be followed here:

Phantom_AddSix_03b_0.4.1_PP_0.075
Phantom_AddSix_03b_0.4.1_PP_2.0

I stupidly forgot to change the PP to 2.0 for the 2.0 test, so for a while both tests had the same PP of 0.075. Funnily enough they have very different profit ($30.00 vs $18.23) for the same PP. Anyway they have different PP now so we'll see how things go from now.

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Hi sapiemas,

it means that your setting looks like:MaxMarginToUse = 0.67 ProfitPct = 1.0

If so, I also noticed that the lot size is always 0.01; is it because of the low (50:1) leverage of your demo account?

/achab

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Hi IamTHAT,

yes, when I wrote 0.1% it means that (1% is too much for my propensity to risk).

Anyway, you are right when you write that I need 200 pops to achieve 20%. What can I say? I will wait.

Listen: when I save the money in the bank, investing it with no risk at all, I can hope in a 3% of revenue per year (the maximum possible actually in Italy). The inflation is about 2%, it means I can spend 1% of my savings every year!

What a luck, eh?

Now, I like to risk, but I want to avoid my account blows up. So, 3% of monthly P/L versus 0,0833% that usually my bank can give me it's already an amazing result.

Don't you agree?

/achab

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Hi guys,

or - as xere just minted above here - hi team, good morning.

First of all, thank xere for the new indicator he has uploaded here. And don't worry to "have excluded the balance/equity indicator", I think it's ok, also because it could make the EA heavier: it's better to manage the Balance Equity Indicator with an external, appropriate and suitable indicator.

Now let's talk about since which Phantom_AddSix you/we want to start from. When you write "we start with the 03 release", do you mean that we/you will start from the Phantom_AddSix_03b?

In this case, would you start from "my" last version "Phantom_AddSix_03b_0.4.1.mq4"? It's up to you: how you feel more comfortable.

Third, I think that whom is going to modify the code has such kind of priority in taking the decision about from what he wants to start (just because the coding approach and result is personal).

So, take our requests and wishes only as a suggestion.

Now, let's talk about priority.

After reading the last posts of you all, I have changed my priority list. If you remember I have written about why a broker blows up easier than another, even if using same settings. Now I know why: because of their different "politics" of margin calls.

I mean, it's right that Alpari-UK allows you to reach almost 20% of margin before to start selling the worst positions (it should be better for the account) but XTB wins because after 100% of margin it doesn't allow to open new trades (differently than Alpari-UK).

This is the reason why Alpari-UK looses: continuing to open new trades the account blows up sooner.

So, my first item in my priority list now is:Add a feature that allows the EA to stop opening new positions when the margin is lower than "X"

I am sure, and I will demonstrate to the team after I will make new specific tests, that this feature will be the best one to avoid the blows up.

Apart this news, I agree with the xere's priority list.

Waiting for other suggestions, I wish the team good morning.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
All right. I like to start from my last release 03, but I will take your last release and see what changes have you done from my 03, and apply the new features into my 03, to take it as a base (could you, achab, indicate me what changes have you done in your last release? This make my life more comfortable...)

Then, I will the EquityProtection (as a value representing how many $ or whatever currency you use, I will protect, and avoiding to send more positions if equity drop below this value). If EquityProtection=0, this feature will do nothing.

And the result will be 04 release. I think I need just 2 days to do it (Achab, if you tell me what mods have you done, this time is just 1 day).

I am working right now on that. Any suggestion?

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
The Phantom_AddSix_03b_0.4.1.mq4 has been modified:

at the line 1453, updating date, time and release; I suggest to change this like ("nachab mod. 0.4.1, 2011-04-01, 16:52") with something like "nforexfactory.com's Team for Phantom mod. 3.X.X, 2011-04-05", choose you the version number(s).

At the line 1570 of your 03 version I added "      TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == PhantomCheckMinute+1) //added by achab" that you will find at line 1352 of 0.4.1 version. Take a look also to the whole "Add to winning trades." where I also changed line 1359 and 1366.

Consequently check line 87 of my 0.4.1 where I added "extern int PhantomCheckMinute = 0; //Added this feature that can help with many demos running in the same time, so your PC will not work always in the same minute (achab).".

That's it, I didn't make so many changes, after all.

I have a question: the original version 03b (that I am testing right now a lot), will be put aside?

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
About EquityProtection, why are you thinking about protecting currency instead of percentage of the margin?

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Sorry, you are right. It maybe better instead EquityProtection, we add MarginPercentProtection.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Well, if we create new releases, of course they should be replace the old ones, but maybe that in some cases, the new version performs worst than the previous. If this happens, we should go back to the best version, and take it as a new base. The advantage of this approach is that, even if we launch a new one, the last one is still with no change.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
I agree to go back just in case of worsening.

About the 03b version (the one that opens not more than 1 trade per hour, as written on comments "Only one trade will be opened during minute 0"), after the first results, the tests say that that it's more profitable.

It seems to me that it is needed to cut 4 lines, only (such as 1566 and few others). Correct?

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Well, not only 4 lines. I should cut the following statements too (the ones you add //added by achab ).

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
I see. Well, let's think about it later than the main work (your 03).

I wait for your news, then.

In any case, feel free to ask me for everything.

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
xere,

Please find attached screen copy of Phantom interface currently running in my demo account. It needs minor adjustment on the summary details.

This is nice and awesome.

Eduardo

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Well, in the next update, I`ll try to add a FontSize param

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
xere,achab,iamthat et al you guys are really doing fabulous work here. i have a newb question here. how exactly is lot sizes calculated based on mmtu values and how should i change mmtu according to leverage.

cheers

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
I use MMU of 0.3 generally on 1:500 demos. You can experiment with it and select a MMU depending on your risk appetite.

I have not used any lower leverage demo so far.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Hi, again. As I said yesterday, here it is the version 4.0 consolidated. This version changes from the 03 the next questions:

-Added the PhantomCheckMinute (from the achab's idea). The EA just consider trading if the current minute matches the input parameter.

-Added the MarginToCheck as a value, that is, if I want the EA doesn't open new trades when Free Margin was a 30% of the equity, then I must set the parameter with the value 0.30

-Added the corresponding line in the ACCOUNT AREA, tracking the Free margin and its protection.

-Added a parameter called FontSize, that allows the user make the data displayed bigger or smaller (a value like 9 is perfect with most cases).

-Fixed a bug in the Trading Time Max, because in the old version, it didn't detect if the time is greater than 24 hours.

Well, as always, I can't check everything, so your help and testing is very valuable.

I wait for a day or two, and when receive your feelings about this, I should continue with the version 4.1, that should include Breakeven and Trailing Stop features as a main (my thought is finish all hard job in this EA this month...)

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
I'll try it. Send feedback. Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
I have started the first demo test 8:00 minutes ago and for the moment, the very first comment is ... Wow..!!

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Thanks. I need special checking on the new features, as MarginToCheck and PhantomCheckMinute. Also on the old bug (the Time Trading Max). The rest is the same, so I believe it will run well.

I want to discuss about another question: I am deleting, step by step, some parameters that I think are useless, as the index for each pair, but still remains one that makes different Standard and Mini account. I think this separation between accounts is artificial, I mean, the user shouldn't worry about what kind of account he has. The only point where it remains is because in the non-graphical interface, there is a line that shows what type of account we have. My proposal is, for the next release, erase this concept and the comment. What do you think about?

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Hi, just wanted to report that one of my small accounts with Addsix 02a original has run into margin call and the bet is lost.

The swissy has finally taken its toll. Crap.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Very disheartening to know about it.

Thanks for letting us know..

You should have added jpy pairs manually to it.

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Well yes, either that or simply have the GBPCHF / EURCHF on buy. But as I can't alter the code in that way, I am pinned there. Had no screentime today, just came home from work to see the desaster.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Take it easy, dude, is it your 2nd account on your list?

but last night when i checked, it was in okay DD, not close to a margin call yet.

looks like we need larger capital size, problem is how larger is enough.

and you lost all your profit? or all your capital?

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Hi Charvo, congratulations on winning the bet at first

No, all the other accounts are safe, but took damage. What totally gives up some questions to me is, that 2 accounts had been startign with 500 bucks, one now is at 1340 euros and the other one is broke. With the same settings, everything. The EA simply didn't take the same trades, but should have done that... well. It's finally been the news today that killed it, they all sell the swissy for risk appetite again, and the UK had good numbers today ... GBPCHF has all the ammo for a mad run, in case you are on the wrong foot as the EA is.

*sigh*

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
not really happy about your congrats tho .

as i posted before, you can never expect identical results, even if u run same setting on same broker with a same computer. my guess is that it is MT4's natural fault, server's problem, or the market's nature.

to trade this EA, we must understand this condition.

i might have a figurative example:

both u and i want to buy a cup of coffee, we enter a starbucks simultaneously, we hand the cashier same bid for a cup of latte simultaneously, and then:

if there is one cashier, he'll take care of one of us first.

if there are two cashiers, they will be still difference in their responses.

this example might only reflect my own thought, and straying away far from reality. but my guess is that a starbucks is a broker, the cashier are the server, and u and i are two "ordersend()" functions.

looks like maybe you can consider merged two accounts, and trade two opposite EAs. that is, one is long xxxyyy, and the other is short xxxyyy.

by the way, an important question, there is NO pipstep used in your original addsix 02a, right?

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Hi xxl205,

I am very sorry for you. And sad. Could you share your statement for a better understanding of why it has blown up?

Thank you in advance.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Well, as I am still in grief about it, I won't at the moment, sorry. Thanks for your participation. But we move on. I spoke to the account holder today and he said it doesn't hurt him that much as it does me ;-) this should calm me down a little, but still does not. Glad though, it wasn't my personal account, otherwise I'd be routing around for bullets at the moment... ;-)

Back on topic : No, Charvo, there was no pipstep, I was using it "as is".

But I have gambled around on demo with a version of 02a that switches GBPUSD to sell and GBPCHF to buy ... and it did well today. Maybe I'll watch that for a while before stopping the good thoughts about this EA principle.

But I also see your guys encouraging work for the new version(s), I will take my time to read it all ... after a while.

Not the one is down who falls, it is the one who doesn't stand up again.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Here is something about my 2a demo which was in a drawdown of nearly 12% since 3-4 days, and I thought it is all over. Just now it closed for profit of 10%! (I set pp at 10%) Total 31 trades.

If your account had sustained for another day, probably you would have survived.

well, this PP setting has to be high especially when it is recovering from drawdown I think. When recovery happens it will go to other extreme.

There is hope with this one. Some parameters we need to control.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Hi Xere,

on the new graphical interface I can read the last line ("Last Ph. Reset", in Aqua color) that refreshes after any close: does this version reset Phantom after the close?

If so, does the new 4.0 version override the "ResetHourInterval" option?

Have a nice day.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Another 3% today

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Hi.

Yes, I take as a base the 2a version, then change it to the 03 and now 4.0 I have changed nothing of this in my job. I keep it as it was. And, yes, I have also seen that on every basket close, the EA reset the phantom trades. Technically the value ResetHourInterval is working too, but practically just if after 8 hours there are no trades.

Do you think we should avoid this function?

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
I don't know it yet, let me think on that.

The think I don't understand is how (and why/when) this feature became useless, after resetting after every close.

Was it an omission or it was wanted? I really don't remember in which part of the post (or the basket 14 post) this feature was changed.

***

I have just re-read the code and I it's better to leave the reset feature "on" after "X" hours, just in case the phantom has many opened positions since more than 8 hours, in standard version: do you agree?

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
I keep telling you guys - it doesn't get much sweeter than Phantom6_01.mq4:
http://www.myfxbook.com/custom-widge...hartbgc=FFFFFF

Leverage 500:1, MMTU 0.1, PP 3.0, some minor trimming of biggest losers when available margin is less than 1000%. That's it.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
I believe there is a better option: add a boolean parameter ReserPhantomAfterBasketClose (or similar in name, but this is very self-explanation name) Do you agree?

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Oh no! I did not want to look beyond 2a. I don't want to demo one more phantom.

Anyway, good going, please keep testing.

2a from 28 Feb

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
I'm not knocking anyone - I just think that for some there is a quest for perpetual improvement and never any implementation. I've run the base phantom against every variation suggested on FF and I've never seen any increase in performance or stability in the variations.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Yes, That is the human tendency.

That's why one sage said, when one comes across a mango tree full of fruits, one tends look at the angle of the branches, colour of the leaves etc. instead of relishing mango.

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Ok, good choice. I like the name you have found, too.

Good night.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Hi, I upload the last version of the EA, with minor changes from 4.0

The mods:

1. Added the parameter ResetPhantomAtCloseBasket. If false, it just reset every ResetHoursPhantom

2. Added the update (proposal by achab) of the PhantomCheckMinute. This value is changing depending on the last basket closure.

3. In the graphical interface, it shows a comma after the "thousands", making more readable. (I did check it, but not on millions, could you do it?. I think it will do well)

Waiting for your feellings. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Hi xere,

I've found a minor flaw.

My demo account is 3,007.39 US but shown on the screen was 3,7.39. It just missed two zero.

thanks for your piece

(could it be because I'm european and for my O.S. the right use of , and . is: 3.007,39 ???)

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
No no, sorry, it's my fault. I have edited the code. The last post is already changed. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Hi All,

Thank you for your job in this thread. I think it is a different system and you could possibly reach some profits when most of people are using traditional systems. I´m testing the new version and I will share my results.

Anyone of you can tell me which is  the best  MMTU, PP in order to get highest ProfitVSRisk? (1:500 leverage)

I´m thinking about your proposal about including SL for all trades and It would be a disaster if you have 2 bad baskets or more. How does "Margin protect" works?. What happen when you reach "Margin protect" level?

Bye

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
There are 2 different points of view: I like to use a little MMTU (0.5) and PP (0.25). This way almost every basket reaches "easily" his target without a great DD (in an account with 5000 € and 1:500). It runs slowly but safe in the two weeks I am testing it. Some people prefers rise the PP until 3%. This is a taste question: some people have a great aversion to risk (as me), and some others not (but, of course, the profits will be exponentially bigger).

Right now, the Margin protect level just avoid send more new orders when it's reached. I think this parameter could be override in a future by a kind of Global Stop Loss, maybe closing all positions when basket is against us or avoiding the new ones.

The EA is running well, but I believe it has to be developed a little more.

Thanks for all.

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Thanks for your reply Xere,

When you say "Avoiding the new ones" I understand that it is the same idea than "Margin protect" does.

The first trade that my demo has opened is USD-CHF (buy), if you take a look to 1D and 1H, Would you bet USD-CHF is going UP?. Maybe this system can be better if we "force" to the system only open trades with 1D/1H Trend.

Sorry for my English, I´m Spanish too.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Long term daily trend does not have much impact. The phantoms take advantage of shorter term moves. Trading with the trend was tried a while back with the qqe filter. Dont remember anyone having any luck with it including myself. The thing to remember is the phantoms create a loose synthetic hedge. The way you get a basket close is when 1 or a few pairs will make a strong move. The rest of the time its balance and counter balance, waiting for that strong move. If you limit to only trading with the trend, you may no be able to balance out the basket when needed.

The shorter term trend will have more impact (1 hr, 30 min). I will sometimes cut winners/losers manually to free up margin and I look at the shorter term trends to decide which ones.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Hi, spanish friend.

As thorn explained very well, the basket phantom philosophy is that we track 6 pairs (inside a greater one with 14), but in a phantom way. I mean, the system take an instant picture (photo) of the market. But as thorn said, the idea is to trade a synthetic hedge basket, and it only happens if each pair has it's direction pre-defined.

Then watches how each pair moves (phantom PL). At this point, we have several different approaches, but the AddSix approach, by instance, waits until a pair from our 6 ones is on top of the list (then, this pair is performing the best of the 14). When this happens, it launch a trade for this pair in its predefined direction. If the pair moves with our bet, fantastic, I get my profit and wait until the next. If moves against us, don't worry, because the next pair that gets the top will be traded. This way, the system is hedging, or balancing its losses. It's a sort-term strategy, and just trades the best pairs.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Hello MorePipsPlease,

welcome on board. After the exhaustive answers you got from Thorn and Xere, here you have a graphic idea of what can happen, usually.

The blue line is the balance (the last closed basket) and the yellow line is the floating P/L (typically negative for a while before to go(run) above the blu one).

Watch at it and fine tune your propensity to risk.

Good weekend.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Ok, Thank you for your explanation about this system. If we take a look again to my first trade, USD/CHF 1H, you can see what will happen with a high likelihood-> little top, Top and little top ->(Go Down) and if you are a chartist…. .

My question is why only those pairs, we could select the best candidates for our "BEST PHANTOMS SIX", we have a lot of pairs in Forex. Our computer/laptop could search 6 pairs whom it will be a Synthetic Hedge too with best conditions to win all the time, it will adapt perfectly when market changes:

Filter 1. Trend

You can compare price now with price 5 days ago (weekly trend), 20 days ago (monthly trend) and why not…1 year ago (primary trend). We could increase a lot our chance of winning from the first trade

Filter 2. Spread

If you have several candidates pairs for buy/sell phantoms, it is better if you choose the lowest spread pairs

Filter 3. Swap

I don´t know how long it is going to last every trade, if you add positive interest rate to your positions it is another advantage.

So we can a add a lot of advantages to our basket and it will increase our chance of success every trade or not to lose so much money. The Best Phantoms for all possible situations of the market. Our primary target: "Adding maximum number of advantages in our trading".

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Thanks Achab,

Which settings are you using? (MMTU,PP, Leverage, Investment).

Same to you

Morepipspls

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
Hello fox,

here you have the final results of my test number 10.

Phantom_AddSix_02a original was running on Alpari_UK demo (Leverage 500:1) since 62 days with these settings:

MMTU = 5.0

PP = 0.2

Reset Hour Interval: 8

Pairs: the default ones

Slippage: 3

The performance have been:

Starting on 2011/02/03 with 10,000 balance

Last trade closed on 2011/04/05 with 25,011.42 balance (+150% in a bit than 2 months).

First trade opened lots: 2.50

Last trade opened lots: 6.24

Largest Floating Loss: -15,216.41

Lowest Margin Level: 22.54

Max Floating Drawdown: 88.82%

The full stats will be reachable on MT4i.com clicking here (Downloadable Spreadsheet format, too).

The high MMTU and low PP were wanted, because I like the idea that Phantom closes many baskets but quickly.

Someone doesn't like this choice because more risky than the opposite (low MMTU, higher PP) but since I am here, I had no evidence about it. So, the question is still open (everybody has something to say is welcome).

Soon I'll post other results of my test (tests #1, #2, #4, #7, etc.).

Good weekend.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Max Floating DD: 88,82% ???

Do you need more evidence for not choosing such high MMTU? With this risk you should double your account in 2 hours, not in 2 months.

In fact, I know some EA's that can do that.

I think too that demos are for that, but anyone would go live with that performance. I think the key for Phantom EA's is not the profit, but how to avoid the very possible death trade.......

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
There are many combinations of pairs to use, as well as the number of traded pairs you can try. If you have any coding skills with mlq4 its pretty easy to configure the phantoms the way you want. The options and combos are unending so its fun to try and test different things. By doing that you will get a good idea what options, pairs, setting, etc you feel comfortable with as well as the performance. I would test anything at least a month or two because the performance can vary from week to week. I trade them low risk (small lots) and happy if they are churning out 3-5% for the month. I know some of the other guys are more agressive and get bigger profits and thats fine if you can tolerate the higher drawdowns.

Filter 1 trend: If you could code it that way maybe it would have some benefit. I think it would be very complex to do. But everyone defines a "trend" a different way. And every time frame has its own trend. So what would you consider the best time frame to base it off of? If you want search the thread for the phantoms that had the qqe trend filter in them. I tried it for a while didnt like the performance.

Filter 2 spread: Could be a considered. I normally dont trade any pairs that are more than 4.5 pips. But the higher spread pairs are usually the bigger movers (higher ADR) also and that can benefit the basket.

Filter 3 swap: Nowadays it would be difficult to construct any synthetic basket that would give you positive swap.

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
I thinks Achab was just testing many different settings. But yea, you would need balls of steel to trade like that. I start getting ill if DD reaches 5%.

I will be starting some new tests using different number of pairs, number of traded pairs, etc. Settings will be conservative. Maybe a few with the new stuff Xere is cooking up. I will try to post up a descripion and stats link to each over the next few weeks. I try some strange stuff sometimes, so its not going to be the stock phantoms. Dont be shocked if some completly self destruct.

http://www.mt4i.com/users/thorn_1/stats

Stock ph6_02a trade logic, 8 traded pairs instead of 6.

MMTU 1.0 PP 0.33 Lev 50:1

http://www.mt4i.com/users/thorn/stats

This one just for for fun. 22 traded pairs, every hour it trades the biggest LOSER not winner. Started friday, strange it did very well for first day. I think this one will die quick, but hey you never know. Maybe in choppy market it may work good. MMTU 0.8 PP 0.25 Lev 100:1

Going to start up few more next week. All demos USD and 3k starting balance. Can post the actual EA im using if anyone wants it.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Hi Thorn,

I know Achab just wants to test, and we should be gratefull for all his contribution. I'm a great fun of Phantom EA's, for me a 10% DD starts to be uncomfortable.

Your "Counter Trend" Version is really interesting, and results are promising, just one day but promising. Could you post this version? I think it worths a try. Maybe the biggest winner is exhausted and a small PP could be reached quickly. In all my test, my floating P/L is almost always in the negative side before closing (not always) in profit, so if we enter just the opposite....who knows.....

Thank you Thorn

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
I can't yell any louder ! ;-) PLEASE post them all, but especially the Loser theory I am very interested in ... thanks thanks thanks in advance !

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Hi Caillou,

thanks for understanding my devotion to this thread. I like to share my results because any test is important, even if different or opposite of what I need and think.

Anyway, sometimes I start a demo using the setting 10 times more aggressive I need (for example MMTU=3 and PP=1 when I will use MMTU=0.3 and PP=0.1), because I can easily calculate the future results just cutting a zero.

By the way, in real I am the opposite of aggressive. In fact, the most aggressive real account I have reached these worst levels:

Lowest Margin %: 602.86%, Largest Floating Loss: $-352.08, Max Floating Drawdown %: -4.25%.

And I repeat, even if I feel uncomfortable anytime when the EA goes against the trend and much more when it reaches higher DD (especially for more than one day), I force myself to think positive because of EA inner capacity to recover. So, until the account doesn't blow up (just avoiding the margin calls), the situation "must" change direction and close in profit (watch at the attached picture of my post #1224, when last Friday I got the Largest Floating Loss in my second and bigger real account).

This is the reason why, conceptually, the only problem with Phantoms is the margin call, therefore the broker and its leverage, therefore the drawdown, therefore to stop opening new positions and waiting for the basket recover.

Therefore I like the Phantom_AddSix_03b that opens "Only one trade during minute 0".

Any comments on that?

Good Sunday.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Here you go. You can open up the EA's and check the settings and read special notes at top of the code. Feel free to change anything as I know everyone has their own way of trading these phantoms.

One special note for the phantom 22: Not all brokers have the pairs it uses so double check your platform. I know it will work on Ibfx,vantagefx, fxopen,smarttradefx and Oanda. Alpari-us it wont. Those are the only demo platforms I use so dont know about other brokers. You could also recode it to trade only a specific number of pairs also. The trading of all 22 is kind of bold and probably risky. I also coded it with "all symbol trades in profit" option. This so you would only get one bad trade if a strong mover was biggest loser for many hours. Also, use the graphic interface setting to yes(for both EA's). I recoded it to display the 22 pairs, it works fine. Many thanks to Xere for that. Remember this one is only for fun.

The other EA's Im working on are not ready yet, it is the weekend after all. Maybe by tomorrow night or next week. I like to run something before posting in case there are any bugs.

And of course these are not "my" EA's..They belong to everyone who participates in this thread. With due credit and thanks to Metacoder who wrote the original code, and the many others who have modified and improved on it over time.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Good Morning Achab,

I'm with you, the recovery power of these EA's is amazing, but sometimes the more trades you have, the quicker the recovery is.

Anyway tomorrow I'm going to test Loser Version from Thorn and a Trailing Stop with MPTM from Steve. I will tell you how it goes.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Thank you Thorn,

I will have to change some pairs since I'm with Alpari UK. Are the 22 pairs forming a syntetic hedge?

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Thank you very much, you're the man ! I was wondering what that biggest loser strategy would work like some weeks ago here in this thread also, but as I am not capable coding it, I had to wait and sit it out if anyone would pick it up or maybe even listen to me

Now I will for sure fire up demo accounts with your both eas and I am waiting for more ideas to come. Thanx again !

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Hi all,

If I was programmer but I´m not……My hope is programmers of this thread could share my vision and build a system with some of my ideas and your ideas too.

It is almost impossible to teach your computer to analyze the trend, but it is true that if one pair has now a lower price than a week,month, several month ago…I won´t bet that it is going to get a higher price.

This system just has the amazing recovery thanks to synthetic hedge, that is great, but if your first,second... trade goes with the trend,and in the second step, the system choose the pairs with lowest possible spread and after that, with lowest negative swap or positive swap.

You are getting a lower risk and you don´t need a huge basket. Do you sleep well with a 90% DD?.

Regarding to the profit, if you look the "Bal_eq_ind", the basket that you are trading has its own trend and volatility (diversification is always a good way to get a lower risk). You can adjust the profit pct to this volatility  through ATR indicator and why not, SL too.

I hope that everyone here has the same target: "Lower risk, higher profit", it is the only way….

We are playing with the most intelligent and rich people of the world, they need that you buy when they are selling, you can see what they are doing all the time, (long term trend) . Their target: Clean your pocket, if we play with fire…..(high DD)…You know what will happen one day. I can do this idea everyday but I would have to spend a lot of time watching charts and I have a full time job. Thanks to your knowledge we can build a system that trade in short term but it could survive in long term.

I prefer that my first trade would be the best option (goes with the trend or with Big guys trade, lowest spread and Swap) and it is inside an synthetic hedge pairs: Recovery if we get wrong.

Have a great Sunday!

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
0.075 PP is +5.07%
http://www.myfxbook.com/members/them...b-041-pp/99464
http://tinypic.com/r/4vssvt/7

2.0 PP is +17.09%
http://www.myfxbook.com/members/them...b-041-pp/99466
http://tinypic.com/r/90rqs6/7

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Great results The Maxx. What is your max DD on your second test?

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Hi Caillou,

If you open the ea there are comments at top of code. But no, the 22 pairs is not an exact synthetic hedge. There is some extra exposure long in CHF and AUD and short in USD and JPY. But this should not make much difference as you would never be trading all 22 at once.

The more I have thought about this, the more I think maybe I should construct it to only trade a certain amount of pairs instead of all 22. Less pairs = less risk?? IDK.

Anyway, Its easy enough to do, so if you would like the big loser idea to trade a smaller basket tell me the number and specific pairs you would want to live trade and I can code it up.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Thanks for posting. I remember someone had the loser idea, I just couldnt remember who it was. Its been floating around in my brain to try since then.

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
I agree 100%, but I think the reality is "lower risk = lower profit" and "higher risk = higher profit". If you look at Achabs tests, you will see that clearly.

Im in the lower risk, lower drawdown camp myself, so no, I wouldnt sleep at all with 90%. LOL. My goal is to achieve "lower risk = steady profit".

Your ideas are good, but my programing skills are no where near capable of doing something like that.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Hi Thorn,

I think important in your Loser Version is to trade the big loser, and not wich pairs and the number of pairs....

Anyway, when you have time it would be great to have the last version (I think it's from Xere)...so we can compare both versions.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
Hi TheMaxx,

my first comment on your first week of these tests is the ratio between them.

The first ratio is about MMTU: 0.0750 / 2.0000 = 26.66;

The second is between Closed P/L: 854 / 252 = 3.38;

The third is between Lowest Margins: 2341 / 705 = 3.32.

It's interesting to notice that the second and the third are in practice the same.

Another comment could be about the ratio between MMTUs and Lowest Margins, that - even it one MMTU is bigger more than 26 times - the Lowest Margin "suffered" only a bit more than 3 times.

What do you think about?

Good Sunday.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Lol, I agree with you too…"Lower risk= steady profit" is a good target.

Ok I´m trying to know how many groups of six synthetic hedging pairs we can trade. Do you know it?. If we know that, we can select the best hedging group for every market condition (trend and spread). What do you think about this idea?.

Thanks Achab for sharing your results.

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Caillou,

This is the lastest version from xere. Everything is exactly the same except it trades the biggest loser. I renamed the file with _BL at end (for biggest loser).

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
I have not seen yet the code, but would it be easier to code the same as I did but adding a parameter TradeBigLoser? This way we can check the same EA with the two possibilities...

The new EA could be called 4.1

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
I used your last posted EA. The only code I changed was this:

if (GBPUSD_PL > BiggestPhantomWinnerPL)

TO

if (GBPUSD_PL < BiggestPhantomLoserPL)

That for all pairs..Now ea trades biggest loser, no other changes made.

Execpt of course i re-named anything that was BiggestPhantomWinner to BiggestPhantomLoser.

What you are asking is way beyond my abilities. I understand mlq4 enough to change things, add things, and move things around and maybe copy/past from one ea to another. But actual coding like you do, no way. Not even sure the biggest loser idea has any merit. Just starting some tests on it now so dont worry too much about it for now.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
OK, I see it's easier to change and even to keep the two trading logic. Test it. If its results are interesting, I will code it.

I thought too why we don't trade the best winner of the entire basket of 14 instead the sub-basket of 6? Just another idea to test....

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Do you have to place the EA on a chart for each pair?

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Thank you very much Thorn,

I will try it......

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
No, place the EA just in one chart.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Found this in forex tsd. Hope some of you will be interested to use it on a separate chart. A simpler form of MPTM i guess since we are interested in basket closures only.

It was described as:

Trailing P/L starts trailing when specified P/L (percentage) is reached.

You can specify trail start level and trailing width.

eg

Account Balance ( or Freemargi or Equity) 10000 / Trail Start 5% / Trail Width 2%

When current P/L exceeds 5%(500), EA starts trailing by 2%(200) width.

*when you use Freemargin or Equity, trail width is not fixed, because Freemargin and Equity itself are changing.

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Has anyone problems with Alpari Uk Demo acconts? My lot size changes each second between 0.01 and 0.2.....

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Hi Caillou,

Why do you want to trade  Big Loser?. In the same direction?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
You can see the answer in the second screenshot. $529.83 which was 10.56% on a $5K account.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
I think the key is how the phantom performs when it hits a bad basket. In my mind lowering PP decreases the frequency of bad baskets, but how baskets form is random so having a low PP doesn't mean you're never going to get a bad basket. A PP of 0.01 might get a bad basket on the first trade while a PP of 10 might not have a bad basket for months. And if the PP of 10 gets a bad basket, maybe you can just cut it and your account is cushioned by the profits you've made (*). I personally think if MMTU is fixed a large enough PP that leads to a regular closing of baskets is best.

(*) I think that due to the nature of the hedged baskets if you have enough leverage baskets will always recover so there is no such thing as a truly bad basket. Its just a matter of how long you can hold on until it turns around.

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Hi,

I´m only testing a Thorn´s idea......

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Hi,

My first demo of Phantom_AddSix_4.0.2.mq4.

http://pulgarcito.mt4stats.com/

MMTU 0.3

PP 0.5

ResetPhantomAtCloseBasket: False -> I think that "MetaCoder" decided about 8 hours like a default setting and maybe wasn´t a random decision. 8 hours more and less is the duration that it could means the start point of a higher duration trend (one week more and less).

No trades since 2011.04.08 09:00,  Which is the condition for adding a new trade to the basket?

If you review charts about six pairs that we are trading:

GBP/USD - Buy-  GOES WITH THE TREND

USD/CHF -Buy- NO GOES WITH THE TREND

ERU/JPY-Buy- "MAYBE" GOES WITH THE TREND

GBP/CHF -Sell- GOES WITH THE TREND

CHF/JPY -Sell- NO GOES WITH THE TREND

EUR/CHF -Sell- GOES WITH THE TREND

In order to improve the system maybe the first trade should go with the trend.

PP about a percentage of Daily ATR of every pair traded, around 30% could be fine. This is only Brainstorming.

Regards

[IMG]file:///C:/DOCUME%7E1/un243615/CONFIG%7E1/Temp/moz-screenshot-1.png[/IMG][IMG]file:///C:/DOCUME%7E1/un243615/CONFIG%7E1/Temp/moz-screenshot-2.png[/IMG]

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Hi. I suspect that you don't understand exactly what a synthetic hedge is. USDCHF is a Buy pair in the basket ALWAYS, and this cannot be changed, or we are talking about another strategy, maybe better, but is another different strategy.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Hi Xere,

You explained very well in your last post. I don´t want to change from BUY to SELL with USDCHF, this won´t work in this strategy, my question is, you could find another six phantoms that match 100% with their trends?  (Buys and Sells). These Phantoms goes in 66% (4/6) with their pair trend (It is great)  and maybe if your first trade it is one pair that goes with the trend, you don´t need much more trades to get your PP.

It was only an idea spoken with Thorn....

In my demo, No trades since 2011.04.08 09:00,  Which is the condition for adding a new trade to the basket?

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Mornining,

I understand your thinking about going with the trend. The problem is, when creating a synthetic hedge of 6 pairs it is close to impossible to get all 6 going in one direction. The reason for this is correlation. Look at your basket and take EURJPY and CHFJPY for example. They are not ALWAYS trending in same direction but most of the time they are. Same with EURUSD and GBPUSD or whatever combination of pairs you use.

All the phantoms trade a specific currency both long and short. That is the whole idea of a synthetic hedge. As for the first trade going with the trend that would be hard to do, as you never know which of your pairs will be the strongest when you start a basket.

Looking at the charts for past week I would think EURJPY would be a good pair to start long as its been trending up. But look what happened since market open last night, its down 70-80 pips so you never know. And its correlated pair CHFJPY which you trade short is down about the same amount.

I thought the same way when I started testing these 6 months ago. But the more I tested, the more I realized trend really does not matter much.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Following on from Thorn's post, try switching the two baskets around - put the current buy basket into the sell basket and the current sell basket into the buy basket. You'll find that it will have a different profitability but it will still be profitable.

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Morepippspls,

If you dont know how to change the EA's, let me know I can post something up for you. If you want to use differet pairs or change pairs or whatever. Just tell me any 6 pairs you want to trade long and short and I can create a synthetic 14 pair phantom with the 6 traded pairs. I have alot of configurations saved so I could whip something up quick.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Hey, Maxx:  you mean only swapping the two baskets of buyside and sellside? or Thorn's "loser" theory that buy the worst long and sell the worst short?

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Hi Thorn,

Do you have any problem with this version? I have tested it and it only opens the first trade, after that, no more trades. Do you have the same problem or someone who has tested it?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
I have the same problem with Phantom_AddSix_4.0.2.mq4.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Yes, me too. The same problem with both versions: Biggest winner and biggest loser......

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Hi Guys,

I just want to share to you what Brian Brijon's approach posted in his thread to control dd. He leaved the origianal pairs intack and then control his dd by 5 to 10% by idenfifying the pairs that pop-up (winniers) and those that went negative. He then place a one or 2 trades for the winners as an add-on and a hedge for the pairs that went negative. When the profit/lost is almost balance or turned positive, he close a profitable pair and add another trade in line with the direction of the pair just closed, and the cycle begins anew. Hedging of course is not allowed for those that are US citizen, but for those outside the US, it is something that you might want to consider in this endeavour.

Thanks,

Edd

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Hi Thorn,

Thanks for your offer but I have a problem choosing another pairs, I don´t know which ones are a "Pure synthetic hedge".

I was thinking about you said about the trend and you are right, and If  66% pairs goes with the trend, it is not bad. Anyway, I was thinking too what is the biggest risk here, you trade in one way but it is going to  wrong way and you add a new trade that it is not going in the opposite way.....More and less "Ranging Market" ?

I need your help (from everyone here) to know how many groups of pure synthetic hedge we can build, I watched another thread here and "Dryclean" recommends the following pairs (I don´t know if it is a pure syntethic)
BuyAUDUSD EURUSD USDJPY  SellUSDCHF GBPCHF EURJPY   We will have in our system two or more  pure Synthetic Pure Hedging Phantoms groups and only we can trade one.

Which one?-> Higher Volatility-> Higher chances for getting our PP before or less DD and we will get a higher diversification. We always will trade with highest Volatility Phantoms Sixs

I have found one indicator that it could help us

http://metatrader5.blogspot.com/2008...indicator.html

About the profit. What do you think about setting the PP according to Daily Average True Range (ATR) of the pairs that you are trading?. It looks logical.

I know that it could be difficult but I had to ask you about this....

Regards

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
hey, had to reset my demo because of wrong PP, but it is still running fine with the 22 loser version also at your account, thorn ... makes me more confident that this might have been one step closer to success ^^

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
This is not a synthetic hedge. Look at the original baskets in the phantom code:

This is the same as:

Group 1:

BUY GBP

SELL USD

BUY USD

SELL CHF

BUY  EUR

SELL JPY

Group 2:

SELL GBP

BUY  CHF

SELL CHF

BUY  JPY

SELL EUR

BUY  CHF

Now if you cancel out the buys and sells of each currency, not pair (ie. BUY GBP and SELL GBP cancel each other, SELL USD and BUY USD cancel each other), you'll see you're left with no currencies at the end of the exercise.  Thorn suggested some synthetic hedges here. Start with those.

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Hey thanks TheMaxx,

So we have 3 more PHANTOMS CANDIDATES

set 1 (no YEN,CHF)

BUYS: GBPUSD/EURCAD/EURGBP

SELLS: EURUSD/EURAUD/AUDCAD

set 2 (no AUD,GBP)

BUYS: EURCHF/CHFJPY/USDJPY

SELLS: EURJPY/USDCAD/CADJPY

set 3 (no EUR,CAD)

BUYS: AUDUSD/GBPAUD/NZDJPY

SELLS: GBPUSD/NZDUSD/USDJPY

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Sorry guys I did not test it. If both versions are not working there must be a problem with the original code. I think Xere added a bunch of new stuff to that one maybe there is small bug somewhere.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Those 3 would work fine. You probably realize by now there are many combos you can use. Now for set 1 you dont trade yen/chf but the 14 pair phantom would need to include those currencies. Cant make up a 14 pair hedge without them, but you dont have to take the real trades on them. Does that make sense? Kind of like the original 14 pairs include nzd but you dont take any real nzd trades. Ill try to put something together and post it later tonight. There seems to be a problem with the newer ea so Ill base anything off the previous version (addsix_4.0).

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
I am watching what the problem is. I suspect that the autochange of the PhantomCheckMinute proposed by achab is not well coded and maybe it's the source of the problem. Please, use this parameter with the value of 0 and check if the EA add new trades. I am doing right now the same. If this was the solution, I will study it with more caution...

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
I used PhantomCheckMinute with value 0 and I have the problem.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Thanks for reply.  How do we change lot size?

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Lot size is based on a percentage of the equity in account. On the input tab of the ea look for MaxMarginToUse(MMTU). I think the default value is 0.5%..Since its based on percentage, higher leverage will give you bigger lots.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Good Morning Thorn,

What happened with your loser test? Results were good since tonight....I was excited about that.

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Aaahh.  Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Same problem

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Hi Achab,

In the Real accounts do you prefer Phantom_AddSix_03b instead of Phantom_AddSix_02a?.

I´m trying to understand the reason of only adding one trade per hour and the lotstep function in Phantom_AddSix_03b ....And is a Really Advantage with Phantom_AddSix_02a that  requires each of the 6 pairs we  trade to distinguish themselves among 14 phantom currency pairs?. It looks a good filter....

Phantom_AddSix_03b requires each of the 6 pairs we trade to distinguish themselves among 14 phantom currency pairs too?

I wish know your opinion about which is the best combination of Risk(MMTU)-Profit(PP) for a live account. Leverage: 1:500, 1:200, 1:100.

Thanks for your testing work

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Hi Xere,

It doesn´t work fine. Only open one trade and after that...Nothing. I don´t know if you have same problem.

Sorry, I love this new interface.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
One thing: The EA works well if I set the GraphicalUI=false?

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
GBPJPY took a 200+ dump, and all the other JPY pairs are down the drain, too at the moment. But instead of being unexited I like those situations because by surviving the EA shows its real potential. Wins are secondary. You have to survive the losses ^^

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Sorry Xere, Second trade added....All is right. I´m testing  Phantom_AddSix_03.mq4

Regards

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Which losses? Does the Thorn' s version take losses?

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Hello,

I was immediately impressed of this news that I already started a new test, the number 36.

It is about the same Phantom (AddSix_03b vers. 0.4.2) with these settings:

MMTU=10

PP=5

Sleep=5000 (yes, 5 seconds)

The demo account is an Alpari-UK one, with 500:1 leverage and 100,000.00 EUR balance.

The A and B are the same (with TS off), the C and the D have this TS setting:

TapeProfit Level = +5,00%

Stoploss Level = -25.00%

Trail Start = 2.00%

Trail Width = 1.00%

Here you have the live stats:
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-36-a/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-36-b/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-36-c/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-36-d/stats

Enjoy!

/achab

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Unfortunately not. Not for me.

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Well as I expected when I started the test, any big strong move in one direction (xxx/jpy anyone?) would doom the big loser theory. Its still alive at 3% DD though. One thought is,  I had the cut loser option on this one at 4x Profit target. Maybe it would be best to run it without that option? What do you guys think? It cut 3 bad gbp/jpy trades and now that pair is coming back up at the moment so I dont know.

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
In my opinion, I would only cut a loser trade if I don´t have enough margin for opening news trades, but who knows.......

I have seen a 15% DD recovery and close in profit in 5 min but.........

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Hmm, same thoughts here. It was a hefty dip in */jpy, so I would be around 350 pips in the hole ... I don't know. But without the stop GBPCHF for instance had blown one very small account, which had not enough margin to withstand. I personally would prefer cutting it, but later. I will experiment with a setting of 6 or even 8.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
I am very sorry for my mistake. Simply a sentence return wasn't included inside two brackets....(Line 1606). Unfortunately this type of mistakes are not easy to discover, but at the end I did.

Corrected. Thanks to all.

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
Thank you Xere.

Your interface is superb......

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Hi Thorn,

It makes sense when you are trying to get the best trades during last X hours. Look my broker min. spread (I guess it  is like yours more and less):

set 1 (no YEN,CHF)

BUYS: GBPUSD/EURCAD/EURGBP......2/7/3

SELLS: EURUSD/EURAUD/AUDCAD....1/7/7....Total 27

set 2 (no AUD,GBP)

BUYS: EURCHF/CHFJPY/USDJPY......3/4/1

SELLS: EURJPY/USDCAD/CADJPY....3/3/4.....Total 18

set 3 (no EUR,CAD)

BUYS: AUDUSD/GBPAUD/NZDJPY....2/10/5

SELLS: GBPUSD/NZDUSD/USDJPY...2/3/1....Total 23

Set Metacoder (original)

BUYS: GBPUSD/USDCHF/EURJPY....2/2/3

SELLS: GBPCHF/CHFJPY/EURCHF....5/4/3....Total 19

So I would like to try with "set 2". Do you know another combination with a lower spread?.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Thanks, but everything can be improved. I ask for all of you ideas to improve it.

In my mind are, as you should know, some ideas to include, as Breakeven, TrailingStop, GlobalStopLoss, TimeWindow to trade...

I need you validate the last version in order to code the next step from the validated basis.

Come on, we can do a better EA.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Great Xere, I´ll test it. You have some of my ideas...but I will keep on thinking about it...Thanks!

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
I have tried some versions of Phantom EA´s to run with MPTM EA from Steve but unafortunaly, it´s not possible to mix any EA with Phantoms.

I think a Breakeven and Jumping Stop option like MPTM would be great. Maybe MPTM from Steve could give you some ideas for the code...

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Why not MPTM doesn't work with Phantoms?

By the way, know you if I need permission from Steve to use his EA ideas?

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Of course you could ask him but all here in FF is free (unless Commercial Area), so I think you can look at the code from any EA in order to get new ideas........

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Sorry Xere but in Alpari Uk it doesn´t work. In one demo just the first trade and no more and in another demo not trades at all......

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
It doesn't work in my demos neither, Here. No trades....

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
The same problem with Alpari UK demo account here. No trades since the beginning of this week.

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Wel,, I had the same first error, where the EA could not get over the Close of a GBPJPY trade and the message stood in left upper corner forever. I did a restart of MT4 then, cleared variables (F3) and here we go again, it is up and running. Not at it's best performance but not that bad either. It opened 16 trades this far.

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
I always clear variables (F3) before attaching any EA but the same problem....

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
In my Alpari UK Demo account it runs well...

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Hi Metacoder ( congratulation for your work) and others people on this thread.

I'm trying "phantom-trade" on MT4 (demo) for several days, the E.A works ! it's magic !

It's too early to see if i'll  earn money with this system.

I have a question : when the E.A is working is it possible to open manual trade on other currencies in the same time ?

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Hi, I had to skip to PHANTOM version 1 in order to run it on ALPARI UK.

I don't know why the last version doesn't work with me.

Do you mind repost your working version???

THANKS A LOT

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Are you running the version 4.0.3? Did you delete all variables before attach the EA? Your "market watch" window is showing all the available pairs?

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
V. 4.0.3.  I did everything but deleting variables (by F3 ????)

I'll try, thanks

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Yes, but you would have to close it manually as well. The EA will only close the trades that it has opened.

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Ill let it run for the week. Will have to think over the cut loser option.

Right now its kind of stuck in same spot for a few days. Since Ill be posting a few more soon I renamed the acct to keep things better organized at mti4.com.

http://www.mt4i.com/users/thorn_ph22_bl

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Hello,

here it is my test number one, started on January the 24, using Phantom_AddSix_02a, MMTU=0.2, PP=0.2, 3 different brokers (see the attached zip file containing detailed statements, graphs and complete CSV files).

Ad abbundanziam, the MT4i.com stats are here:

http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-1a/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-1b/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-1c/stats

The winner is FXPro (but with only 50:1 leverage) with a +27% Test 1-C), the second is AAAFx (100:1 Leverage) with +13% and the last is Deltastock with only +4.8%.

Enjoy my results.

Good afternoon.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Hi achab,

Fantastic Results!. This result should be the same more and less if you are using the new version (4.0.3)?. I can´t find which was the MAX DD in every test. Could you tell me that?.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Ops, I forgot it.

Test 1-AAAAFx

Login (demo): 1237102

Investitore (password solo lettura): y8rqbid

Test MT4 01 - AAAFx (30) - Demo - EUR 8,000 - Ph62aMMTU0.2PP0.2 - 1237102

Leverage: 100:1

Test begins on 2011-01-24, 15:00.

Test ends on 2011-04-11, 06:44.

Final balance: EUR 9,073.77, +1,073.77, +13.442%.

Lowest Margin: 1,099.97%

Largest Floating Loss: -173.08

Max Floating drawdown: -1.98%

Test 1-B

Login (demo): 24757

Investitore (password solo lettura): ic5kjha

Test MT4 01 - DeltaStock - EUR 8,000 - Ph62aMMTU0.2PP0.2 - 24757

Leverage: 50:1

Test begins on 2011-01-24, 17:00.

Test ends on 2011-04-11, 00:00.

Final balance: EUR 8,391.11, +391.11, +4.888%.

Lowest Margin: 266.72%

Largest Floating Loss: -330.12

Max Floating drawdown: -3.98%

Test 1-C

Login (demo): 1817049

Investitore (password solo lettura): oiw3rfg

Test MT4 01 - FxPro  (2) - EUR 8,000 - Ph62aMMTU0.2PP0.2 - 1817049

Leverage: 50:1

Test begins on 2011-01-24, 17:00.

Test ends on 2011-04-15, 12:56.

Final balance: EUR 10,170.75, +2,170.75, +27.134%.

Lowest Margin: 84.28%

Largest Floating Loss: -1970.68

Max Floating drawdown: -22.10%

Please, note that the test 1-A had another setting at the beginning (0.1 lots instead of 0.01 after a while) and that test 1-C had always 0.1 lots.

So, I am sorry, but this triple test isn't so homogeneous. But it was one of my firsts.

Have a nice evening.

/achab

P.S.: Soon more tests will be shared.

P.P.S.: I have written the passwords for investors because you all can use them, in case of interest.

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
Hi to all,

I've two little suggestions for this EA. For reduce DD, a more large step to send orders, for example 2H instead 1H. The second is instead a fixed value in percent for TP, a trailing stop for follow the gain.

I'm sorry for my poor english.

Bye

JJ

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Hi JJ,

and welcome. I am from Italy too, but not for this I agree with you. Just read my previous posts and you will notice how much I already wrote about Trailing Stop the baskets. In fact, I am testing an EA that makes it instead of Phantom, but the results are still confused to be published here.

As you can see from the attached pictures, this EA can approach to the market in only 2 different way: following the trend or going against it, for the first time (mainly hours).

In the first case, nothing to say: the EA closes the basket (or just one position) soon and without DD.

In the second case, the DD can scare but usually it recovers and it does it quickly, or - better - running up.

Now, in my experiences I noticed, and the pictures guarantee it, that the EA could close after (trailing the stops), with more, much more profits. That's why I suggest many tests after the TS feature will be coded and added to Phantom(s).

Good weekend.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Hi Achab,

Reading this post I´m not sure if you think it´s better to add a Trailing stop for profits. I think it is a very good idea, Do you think so?.

I realize that you have to set you MMTU to your investment, you usually use 0,10 lots when your investment is 8,000€, thus if you investment is for example only 1,000€, will you use only 0.01-0.02 lots? (risk adjustment)

This is the same for PP, your 0.2 PP with investment of 8,000€ is 16€, for only 1,000€  is 1.6 PP, isn´t it?.

And what is your opinion about new version 4.0.3. Do you think we are going to have the same results if we compare it with 2a of your test (Max DD and Profits)?

Thanks and Have a good weekend!

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
0.075 PP is +6.15%, but floating loss is $1952, max DD is 38.6%
http://www.myfxbook.com/members/them...b-041-pp/99464
http://i56.tinypic.com/2wnsfew.jpg

2.0 PP is +24.19%, but floating loss is $2201, max DD is 37.79%
http://www.myfxbook.com/members/them...b-041-pp/99466
http://i55.tinypic.com/111uvsk.jpg

I'm sorry but I'm shutting down these tests I'm running out of resources on my VPS. I think we can all agree that 38% drawdown is too much to trade live. It's interesting that PP is directly linked to profitability and doesn't change risk or drawdown at all. If you want to lower risk/drawdown, you need to lower MMTU/ lot size.

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Hello guys,

sorry for my question, but my background is more on programming and much less on Forex (I started few months ago)

Despite the fact I have spent a lot of time studying forex, I never step in this "pure synthetic hedge" things.

I've got an overall idea about what it is reading part on this thread (still on page 18....but I'm catching up) but I'd like to have a deeper understanding on the topic.

Can you address me to a website/pdf/book where this topic is clearly covered? (or if you feel lik you can explain it and it does not cause you troubles you can send me a private msg).

Second question: 4 Eas are attached to first post...but I've seen many other versions in this thread. Are those the "official ones" you guys are using for tests? When you refer to 02a is that the "addsix_02a" or is there a 02a version without "addsix" options somewhere in this thread?

Sorry for the questions, I normally read the entire thread befor asking any question but I feel like I will not have a full understanding untill I totally understand what exactly a pure synthetic hedge is, and about the second question I'm keen to start testing it monday, what to start it with the right one.

A super thankyou to MT for this EA, the more I read the more get excited and what to try it. I will now go back to my readings and will pop-out only when I'll finish.

Best

Francesco

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Your observation is very true. We have to squeeze maximum profit out of it when conditions are favorable as drawdown seems unavoidable and 38% is just too much.

We need some volatility indicator to know when to switch this EA on or off.

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Uf, a volatility indicator for every pair?

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Not only: the EA manages any trade that has the EA's same magic number.

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Hi,

yes, I do think that a trailing stop coded for the entire basket would increase the performances with same DD.

I am not sure I have understood you properly, so I can only answer that my settings are not always the same. My setup changes on different starting balance (the more it is, the less I risk), on different leverage and on my mood, sometimes.

I also add that, even if I am already trading live, I continue to test and will continue to. The variables are so many that it's imperative to test for understanding his behavior as much as possible, imho.

The main variations are about the graphical interface, minor about the behavior. My opinion is that the performances will be similar. But I will have a complete opinion after I will test them sufficiently, and now I have to close the old tests to make space for the new ones.

Good weekend to you too!

/achab

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Sorry for my awful explanation Achab.

I´m trying to explain my idea with my short English vocabulary. When you (Achab and TheMaxx) are talking about DD around 20-30%, it means 1500€-2000€ and you are playing with 0.08-0.10 lots. Could we think if you change your MMTU for using 0.01 lots, the MAX DD will get down to 100€-250€ levels then?.

And let think about PP, using 0.01 lots, almost all pairs pips value is more and less 0.07€.  If you set up your PP to 16€ you need 228 pips in order that your basket take profits, in the other hand if you are using 0,1 lots you need only 22.8 pips for take profits!. I guess you know this issue very well but I want to  adjust this setting to a reasonable value according to the volatility of every pair/basket traded.

Kind Regards

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
If you decrease lots traded from 0.08-0.10 to 0.01, you might want to  decrease PP by the same factor, say from 2% to 0.2-0.25%. Then this will be fully symmetric  and DD will decrease by the same factor.

Correct. Regarding reasonable values - somewhere deep in this thread is a 'rule of thumb' that for 0.01 lot size you need US$3000 on deposit. Having US$30,000 it is OK trade lot 0.1. My calculations and all demo and real account experience show the same.

I'd say that US$3000-0.01 is even a moderate risk. For this MM ratio I use PP of 2%, but it might be too high. For PP, I think, it is better to use basket equity trailing stop rather than fixed level.

On my real account intended for experiments I started a modified version of Phantom_AddSix_02a exactly a month ago. I only added trailing stop of individual pairs in the basket (as described on page 73 of this thread) and changed MM system to be able to specify lot size precisely.

Started from about US$16,000 with a lot size of 0.1 and PP of 2% (a bit too risky, but anyway), it got +28% with a maximum DD of 24%.

With a moderate risk setup of lot size 0.05 and PP 1% it would be 14% profit and 12% DD.

I've just added basket equity trailing and now experimenting with it.

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Hi. can you post your EA version with trailing stop so we can test the performance  .
Thanks in advance
Vit

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Not necessarily since some days back someone posted a statistic of each pair's contribution to the profit overall and since we have only 6 pairs to consider, it may not be that difficult track it. I am trying to use offline chart from T101 method here and I will post if there is anything worthwhile.

We have a problem when the direction of market changes suddenly due to fundamental factors  and we have  many positions open in the opposite direction. Manual intervention is needed in such cases I suppose.

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Hi to all,

I've noticed in Phantom6_01a  that the reset  happen after the send of the order. So, the order, is chosen with old data.

JJ

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Merged some of my changes to Phantom_AddSix_4.0.3.mq4. Called it version 5.

Features added:

1. Trailing stops of individual pairs (EURCHF, USDCHF and CHFJPY - 25pips, GBPUSD, GBPCHF and EURJPY - 35pips). This feature is well tested. Using

zeros for those trailing stop levels disable the trailing.

2. Trailing stop of overall account equity. TrailStopStartsPercent = 0.25 - the minimum trailing stop level in percent (0.0 would be breakeven), TrailStopPercent = 0.5 - the actual trailing stop in percent (0 would mean no trailing at all). With the default values, trailing starts when the account equity reaches +0.75% of last flat equity (0.25% + 0.5%, trailing stop will be set a +0.25%).

ProfitPct is still in use, so if you want to rely only on equity trailing stop, use an arbitrary high value for it (25% by default).

This is reasonably well tested, but not too thoroughly

3. Time when to open a new basket (doesn't affect adding trades to an already opened basket). Driven by TradeOnFriday, HourStartTrade, MinuteStartTrade, HourStopTrade and MinuteStopTrade external values. Disabled by default. Reasonably tested.

4. Alternative MM. Driven by external variables UseOriginalMMTU and MMK. Enabled by default. MMK means how many dollars to have on deposit for each dollar of the lotsize. MMK = 3.0 by default, which means every 3 dollars on deposit gives us 1 dollar of a lot used, which is 3,000.00 account = 1,000.00 = 0.01 lot (this is moderate risk, expect DD of 15% with this setting).

Well tested for standard accounts. Never tried it on mini account, but should work OK.

PrintChartComments() function is modified to show trailing stop size/level. I haven't touched GraphicalUI, so it will not show this information.

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Thanks for sharing it MCS. I´ll test it now.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Hi,

I have already started the first test with this EA, unfortunately only on my laptop for now.

The settings are the same with only one change: ResetPhantomAtBasketClose=true.

I'll post the results as soon as possible.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Hi Achab,

Have you tested that "ResetPhantomatBasketClose" value is better to set it "true"?. I don´t understand the reason of use it.

I´m not using trailing stop for every pair, only for overall account. StartTS=0.2+TS=0.2 and 1.2 PP. We are playing with a basket, I think  It has not sense to manage pair by pair our profit.

My test with version 4.0.3.: Max DD 9% (115,85€)-> amazing recovery.

Start Balance. 1250€. Lots. 0.01. Leverage 1:500. (Micro)

Have a nice day.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Well, I agree with you because don't like the idea to trailing every pair, but I just wanted to leave untouched the MCS's settings, for a kind of respect.

The next week I'll analyze the results and will change the settings.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
I would like to know your opinion about "ResetPhantomatbasketclose"= True. Why do you think it is good for this system?. Have you checked the results with this feature and it is better  activate it?

Grazie

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
My opinion is that this feature is better on, but no, I didn't test it at all. At the beginning of this thread, or in the basket14 one, I remember that the coders already discussed on it and their opinion was totally for having it on.

Prego.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Ive been testing Phantom 2a version with good profit for the last 2 month

I think its has more potential If we can cod trailing stop for the last wersion Phantom_AddSix_4.0.3. Very often good profi just disapired .

If any one can cod trailing stop its will be very apresiated and we can do more testing.

Thanks in advance

Vit

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
Look at my post #1332, please. It has Phantom_AddSix_4.0.3 with trailing stop(s).

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Thanks mcs.

I believe it will be better adding also a TradeOnSunday and TradeOnMonday, and a last day of month to trade (LastDayOfMonth), in order to avoid the days 29, 30 and 31, by instance, due to the agressive market movements (too much people cashing for profits closing the month).

I promise to write the new values to the GraphicalUI as soon as posible. But if you want to add the features I said before, I can wait for a little...

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Hi xere,

I'm on holiday at the moment. Will be back on 26 April. Will add those features then, if somone doesn't add them before.

There is a small bug in this EA currently - if trading is not allowed (because StopAfterNoTrades == true or trading hours are set so) and there are no trades, then start() function actually returns before calling ExamineMarginAndFloat() and DrawChartComments() or PrintChartComments() which means that the chart info is not getting updated properly until the next basket is opened. It is not harmful - all the internal and global variables are fine, but they are not displayed properly. I will have a look at it later as well.

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Hi Vit,

and welcome. Please, share your settings, results and what version of Phantom_AddSix_02a you have been testing, if possible.

Regards.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Hi Xere,

There is a problem when you have more than 20 actives trades….Not enough space in your display, with min fontsize  you can´t see all your trades neither. Maybe you could work with 2 columns in the "trade area".

I don´t know if someone here has the same problem

Regards

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Hi to everybody

I wonder if somebody can add two more features:

1 - n. max of open trades

2 - on the screen: max loss reached (in euros or US or whatever, no pips)

Thanks a lot (grazie mille)

(great work this EA, I'm +10% in ten demo days)

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Please, send me a picture.

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
Had some time today to modify Phantom. Now posting version 5.1.

Changes:

- Fixed the bug with updating display info after basket closure.

- Added MaxTradesInBasket. This should be obvious.

- Added TradeOnSunday, TradeOnMonday and LastMonthDaysToCutOff, as suggested by xere. LastMonthDaysToCutOff means how many last days of the current month not to open new baskets (ex. 2 means no new baskets on 30th and 31st if there are 31 days in this month).

This one hasn't been tested much although I'm pretty sure it will work fine.

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Great mcs

and what about opening a new basket just after the old one has been closed???

Thank you so much

P.S. And what about another PHANTOM with inverted logic, so we can simultaneously run 2 opposite basket?  ;-)

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
I am using this new version on my 2 demos, reachable here:
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-37-a/stats
http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-test-37-b/stats

Settings here:
Inserted Code Slippage=3
MiniSize=10000
StdSize=100000
EURCHFTrailStop=0
USDCHFTrailStop=0
CHFJPYTrailStop=0
GBPUSDTrailStop=0
GBPCHFTrailStop=0
EURJPYTrailStop=0
TrailStopStartsPercent=0.40000000
TrailStopPercent=0.50000000
LastMonthDaysToCutOff=0
TradeOnSunday=1
TradeOnMonday=1
TradeOnFriday=1
HourStartTrade=0
MinuteStartTrade=0
HourStopTrade=0
MinuteStopTrade=0
PhantomCheckMinute=4
ResetHourInterval=6
ResetPhantomAtBasketClose=1
StopAfterNoTrades=0
UseSmallestLot=0
UseOriginalMMTU=0
MaxMarginToUse=0.10000000
MMK=1.00000000
Lots=0.10000000
ProfitPct=25.00000000
MaxProfit=10000000.00000000
MarginToProtect=0.25000000
MaxTradesInBasket=500
MagicNumber=1050100001
UI=---Graphical Interface---
GraphicalUI=0
FontSize=9
TitleColor=16777215
Buy14Color=3145645
Sell14Color=7504122
Buy6Color=65280
Sell6Color=3937500
NeutralColor=16776960
Good Easter.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
hi all!

i have been testing this version: Phantom_AddSix_4.0.3 (default settings)

this system can hardly be considered as a having chances.

weekly statement is attached

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Hi,

I don´t know why but one basket in this version was closed suddenly with an important loss. It had around 20 open trades and only 0.01 lots. No problem with margin call.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
What do you mean?

I do not think it is important at the moment. Maybe some time later.

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
How come you have GBPUSD lot 1.9 with a huge loss in the list of closed trades? And you have 3000 on account and use 0.1 lot - it is too risky.

Anyway, if you do not like it, do not use it.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
This is weird. Are you using trailing stops for individual trades? If yes, than make sure it was actually a loss. It might be that there were 20-something previous trades closed in profit, and this accumulated profit is greater than floating loss of the basket. Also check logs, pls.

Is everything OK with global variables, by the way?

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Hi,

Global variables OK and you can see what happened with my log:

18:21:55 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Lowest Margin %: 2934.62%, Largest Floating Loss: $-24.55, Max Floating Drawdown %: -1.89%   EAPL

18:30:28 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:28 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: In full closure mode.  Closing a CHFJPY sell trade...

18:30:28 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Lowest Margin %: 2934.62%, Largest Floating Loss: $-24.55, Max Floating Drawdown %: -1.93%   Close all of the open trades_SELL

18:30:28 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: close #4149526 sell 0.01 CHFJPY at 92.69 at price 92.49

18:30:32 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:32 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:32 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: In full closure mode.  Closing a CHFJPY sell trade...

18:30:32 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Lowest Margin %: 2934.62%, Largest Floating Loss: $-24.55, Max Floating Drawdown %: -1.93%   Close all of the open trades_SELL

18:30:33 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: close #4168648 sell 0.01 CHFJPY at 92.09 at price 92.49

18:30:36 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:36 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:36 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: In full closure mode.  Closing a EURCHF sell trade...

18:30:36 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Lowest Margin %: 2934.62%, Largest Floating Loss: $-24.55, Max Floating Drawdown %: -1.93%   Close all of the open trades_SELL

18:30:37 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: close #4161314 sell 0.01 EURCHF at 1.2820 at price 1.2889

18:30:40 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:40 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:40 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: In full closure mode.  Closing a EURCHF sell trade...

18:30:40 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Lowest Margin %: 2934.62%, Largest Floating Loss: $-24.55, Max Floating Drawdown %: -1.93%   Close all of the open trades_SELL

18:30:41 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: close #4170576 sell 0.01 EURCHF at 1.2898 at price 1.2889

18:30:43 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:43 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:43 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: In full closure mode.  Closing a EURCHF sell trade...

18:30:43 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Lowest Margin %: 2934.62%, Largest Floating Loss: $-24.55, Max Floating Drawdown %: -1.93%   Close all of the open trades_SELL

18:30:44 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: close #4171356 sell 0.01 EURCHF at 1.2892 at price 1.2889

18:30:46 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:46 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:46 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: In full closure mode.  Closing a EURJPY buy trade...

18:30:46 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Lowest Margin %: 2934.62%, Largest Floating Loss: $-24.55, Max Floating Drawdown %: -1.93%   Close all of the open trades_BUY

18:30:47 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: close #4169829 buy 0.01 EURJPY at 119.47 at price 119.11

18:30:49 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:49 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:49 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: In full closure mode.  Closing a GBPUSD buy trade...

18:30:49 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Lowest Margin %: 2934.62%, Largest Floating Loss: $-24.55, Max Floating Drawdown %: -1.93%   Close all of the open trades_BUY

18:30:50 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: close #4156957 buy 0.01 GBPUSD at 1.6555 at price 1.6514

18:30:52 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:52 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:52 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: In full closure mode.  Closing a GBPUSD buy trade...

18:30:52 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Lowest Margin %: 2934.62%, Largest Floating Loss: $-24.55, Max Floating Drawdown %: -1.93%   Close all of the open trades_BUY

18:30:53 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: close #4171650 buy 0.01 GBPUSD at 1.6527 at price 1.6514

18:30:55 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:55 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Margin %: 2937.07%

18:30:55 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: In full closure mode.  Closing a USDCHF buy trade...

18:30:55 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1: Lowest Margin %: 2934.62%, Largest Floating Loss: $-24.55, Max Floating Drawdown %: -1.93%   Close all of the open trades_BUY……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………...

I think that something is wrong with MMK, please check it. My settings:

13:42:02 Phantom_AddSix_5.1 EURUSD,H1 inputs: Slippage=3; MiniSize=10000; StdSize=100000; EURCHFTrailStop=0; USDCHFTrailStop=0; CHFJPYTrailStop=0; GBPUSDTrailStop=0; GBPCHFTrailStop=0; EURJPYTrailStop=0; TrailStopStartsPercent=0.05; TrailStopPercent=0.35; LastMonthDaysToCutOff=0; TradeOnSunday=1; TradeOnMonday=1; TradeOnFriday=1; HourStartTrade=0; MinuteStartTrade=0; HourStopTrade=0; MinuteStopTrade=0; PhantomCheckMinute=4; ResetHourInterval=6; ResetPhantomAtBasketClose=true; StopAfterNoTrades=false; UseSmallestLot=false; UseOriginalMMTU=0; MaxMarginToUse=0.1; MMK=3; Lots=0.1; ProfitPct=1.23; MaxProfit=10000000; MarginToProtect=0.25; MaxTradesInBasket=200; MagicNumber=2010042001; UI="---Graphical Interface---"; GraphicalUI=true; FontSize=9; TitleColor=(255,255,255); Buy14Color=(173,255,47); Sell14Color=(250,128,114); Buy6Color=(0,255,0); Sell6Color=(220,20,60); NeutralColor=(0,255,255);

Good weekend

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Hi morepipspls,

Not quite sure what happened.

Except from TrailStopStartsPercent=0.05; TrailStopPercent=0.35; all your parameters look fine.

Remember, there was positive slippage of the basket reported several times in this thread? It happened when the basket reached Profit Percent and continued to grow during the full closure. In the case of a trailing stop you should expect some negative slippage.

What might have happened with your basket, is that it briefly touched +0.4% (0.05% + 0.35%) profit, the trailing stop level was set to 0.05% or so and then the basket sharply decreased back to 0.05% causing the full closure and continued to decrease during the closure (it took it some 30 seconds to close all sell trades according to your logs) going negative as a result.

I think it is a good idea to increase TrailStopStartsPercent to at least 0.2% to protect the profit from the negative slippage during the full closure.

Anyway, I'm posting Phantom version 5.1.1 where I added some debug prints - it will now log why the basket is about to be closed (either Profit percent reached or Trailing stop touched) along with the current equity and profit percent. This printout is also useful to track historical basket profit levels.

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Hi Mcs,

I´m using "Bal_Eq_tracker" indi and It doesn´t show that my equity reached 0.40%, 0.05% neither. So it was far away: Around 20€ loss with 0.01 lots and 20 open trades more and less. When I was using MMTU everything was OK and I changed to your new MMK, it is the reason that I think something is wrong with it.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Hi morepipspls,

It is definitely not MMK. MMK only affects lot sizes, not basket closures.

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
I don't know why I can't download the last version in order to adapt the GraphicalUI.

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Dear MCS,

you are right asking about 1.9 log GBP -USD. it wast the first order set by mistake.

But all the rest orders were placed by the EA.

Ref. "too risky", i thought Fxmarket could give some more earning that Bank deposit.

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Strange. I'm reposting it.

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Without this GBPUSD trade the closed orders in your statement closed in profit.

FX can also give some more drawdowns, which you are experiencing with the open positions in your statement.

With default MMK=3 this EA should give you several percent profit in a month, will be about 100% a year with reinvesting; DD around 10-15%. It is already a bit better than in a bank

You increased risk tenfold, so drawdowns will almost certainly blow up your account.

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Thanks, this time it's OK. Doing the job.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Thanks for sharing , looks good. Gona keep testing

Vit

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Why?

/achab

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Hi Mcs,

The reason could be "MarginToProtect=0.25"? I don´t think so...

Another question: Why do you think "AddSix 2a" is the best Phantoms EA?. Why not with pipstep (10 default) and factor "X"? (AddSix 2ax). I was thinking that maybe "Addsix 3bx" with pipstep=10 and no Cut lossers would be better if you use 0.01 lots in a small balance (around 3.000€).

Thanks!

Regards

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
please note if you change MMK to 0 (to have 0.1 lot ) expert does not work

????

Vit

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
it looks like "Whaaaaay?! Whaaaaay....?!" (joke).

dear Achab, MCS already explained that I had accepted to high risk/leverage. this led to sufficient DD.

Unfortunately i haven't manage to find neither any description of the system & it's variables, no recommendations

i keep going with testing it on demo. with default settings.

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Really? I didn't know that I think so

I don't remember what does pipstep mean, regarding X factor - it is going to slow down basket formation. I'm already concerned about the performance of Phantom using default 3000 to 0.01 money management. Last week only gave me some 2.2% profit.

On the other hand, X factor could make baskets more profitable and reduce DD... You are welcome to experiment

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
MMK is not supposed to be 0. I didn't add a specific check for it, my bad. If you want to use 0.1 lot, you might want to set UseOriginalMMTU = 1 and UseSmallestLot = true or something like this.

Another way is to set your MMK to a value which gives you lot 0.1 given your deposit size. Say, if you have 10000 deposit and want to use lot 0.1, you will have to have MMK=1, for a deposit of 12345 MMK would be 1.2345, etc.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Hi Mcs,

When you are working in the newest version from Addsix 02a I guess you prefer that one. You can see Pipstep definition by Frazerd here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4237873

And an explanation about all ADDSIXPHANTOMS:

[b][i]Phantom_AddSix EAs Explained

[The basic strategy for all these EAs is to trade a basket of 14 Phantom currency pairs that provide a hedge. These are real time trades, but are not actually traded, thus the name Phantoms. The AddSix EAs only place real trades on 6 of the 14 pairs which also provide a hedge within the larger hedge, thus the name AddSix. The difference in the EAs is the logic used to select and add real trades.

The first AddSix EA (Phantom_AddSix_01), during minute 0, adds trades on any of the 6 traded phantom pairs that is in profit. That criterion is very loose so it can lead to a lot of trades.

Phantom_AddSix_02, in minute 0 of each hour, only opens a trade for a pair if it is the biggest phantom winner among all 14 pairs and is one of the six.

AddSix_02a is the same as 02, but resets phantoms every 8 hours.

Phantom_AddSix_03 has a subtle change from version 02 in an attempt to make it a little more like version 01, yet more efficient. It does not have the limitation that the biggest winning phantom must be biggest among all 14 pairs as in version 02.  Instead, a winning phantom must only be the largest among the six traded pairs in order for a trade to be opened. We don't have to wait for them to distinguish themselves among all 14 pairs.

With version 03, it is possible that more than one trade can be opened in minute 0, but less likely than in version 01.

I believe this makes ver 03 a true hybrid of 01 and 02.

Version 03a is exactly the same as version 03, but it only allows one pair to be traded during minute 0.

Version 03b is exactly the same as version 03a, but it resets the phantom trades every 8 hours, roughly in synch with the 3 major market opening times (Asian, Euro/UK Zone, USA).

03b with pipstep=10 could be the most balanced version (profit-risk), but I can´t find anybody here who test  02ax version (the safest theoretically). I don´t think "cutlosser" of these EA is a good option.

Someone here can make a version from AddSix03b with trailing stop (profit), pipstep and the new graphical view?. Thanks in advance!

Regards

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Hi morepipspls,

Interesting information, but looks a bit outdated. Starting from Phantom 4.0.3 (at least) it actually behaves exactly like Phantom_AddSix_02a, i.e. it opens a trade only if it is the biggest winner of all 14 pairs and belong to the 6 pair hedge. And it is possible in this version (and in the original version AddSix_02a) to open more than one trade in minute 0 (not very likely, only if during this minute price moves in such a way that there will be more than one biggest winner identified).

I'm not interested in making any new/alternative versions at the moment. I think, now it is better to test the existing one thoroughly.

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Hi Mcs,

Achab has studied very well all the systems in this thread and I have been testing too and 03b it is more profitable. DD must not be very different although I respect your decision and it´s a pity I´m not a programmer :-).

What do you think about pipstep?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Pipstep as well as an Xfactor is bad, according to my opinion; right now we effectively have AddSix_02a which is already quite slow when it comes down to profit. Any new additions are only going to slow down its performance.

It is already doing quite well, it is already booking some profit every week. You might want to introduce 03 factor, pipstep, x factor - whatever tickles your fancy. You are welcome.

I'm just not playing this game until I feel like I have to do so. When I get fancy, I can introduce another several external variables, like 'play like 03', play like '03b', 'trail whatever', 'x factor everything', 'pipstep stuff', etc.

It is very easy, but it is not my priority.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
Hi to everybody

I'm demo testing version 5.1 with good results.

Yesterday my basket reached +600 euros (lots 0.1 - 3.000 start capital) with TRAILING STOP but I had to manually close the basket when it retreated to +400 euros.

I also experience some little flaws on the details on the screen. I can't be now more accurate but I'll post the screenshot tomorrow.

Have a great day.

My phantom result: (keep in mind that the first drawdown was caused by some bad experiments not by the EA)

http://www.myfxbook.com/widget?id=10...=1&color=green

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
My demo is doing well, up +187%.
http://www.myfxbook.com/widgets/105843/large.jpg

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
What parameters have you used for such breathtaking performance!

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
MMTU 0.4, PP 10

Now +217% suckas!!!

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Nice, Pete,

Still your phantom_01 ? almost out of the box setting ?

i also feel that pipstep seems a thing that totally change the trading nature of the EA.

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Almost out of the box - I cut 1 biggest loser when margin hits 1000.

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Pete,

also see mcs' comments, i felt this too, well, i don't know if it is really "bad" for X/pipstep, but it is really DIFFERENT from the case w/o them.

i used to be a firm believer of X/pipstep, and i've been LIVE trading with X/pipstep since early Jan.  almost 4 months now, on a small penny account.

I traded 3 or 4 variations, all on X/pipstep, and i have no experience trading any versions that has NO X/pipstep.  what i found so far is that I have never had more than 30~40 trades opened by one EA.  usually the dreadful cases are those baskets with 20+ trades hang there for 1 or 2 (even more than 2) weeks with a disgusting DD unchanged for long.  everyday when i got home after work, i'd spit a crap word upon seeing the frozen DD on screen.  and then when i almost got used to these kind of baskets, they were closed in profit someday, (yes, 1~3 weeks later).  like you, i sometimes got impatient, and manually cut a few losers, but generally let the EA run.

i feel that i have these baskets showed up pretty much once every 1~2 weeks.  since i have 3 or 4 EAs running, i still have a basket closure by any of them each week at least.

so my impression is the EA trades really slow, really slow

then when comparing with you guys' trading records, i've seen that the # of trades are often 60~80, even 100+ sometimes, but on the other hand, the closure usually comes within a couple of days, at most 10 days(including weekend).  i realised it is really DRASTICALLY DIFFERENT.  and i simulated the market uncountable times. i believe now it is due to X/pipstep.

if u have sufficient capital, w/o X/pipstep seems a better option.  because when each time the price ranges but EA keeping adding leading positions, the EA might be able to close if the trend picks up the previous direction.  this gives the EA w/o X/pipstep many more opportunities to close earlier.

at least, this is what the experiences from both sides suggest to me.

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Thanks I'll look into pipstep and do some tests.

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
While my MMTU 0.4, PP 10.0 demo (below) is still doing well and is currently up +248.62%, the dip in the chart was the result of an 81.85% drawdown which I think is untradeable. I think x/pipstep demos will do better in real conditions.

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Hi to all,

I would to try to use the EA with lower timeframe. If Someone show me the rows of code of the timeframe, I modify and try the EA.

Many thanks

JJ

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Scroll down to:
Inserted Code //+------------------------------------------------------------------+
//|                     Add to winning trades.                       |
//+------------------------------------------------------------------+
and change this line:
Inserted Code if (TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 0) ClearSymbolMarks();
and this line:
Inserted Code if (BidsHaveChanged &&
TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 0 &&
!CloseAll)

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Dear Traders,

Please, could any one be so kind to advise whether description of this system exist. The link to description or attaches will be much appreciated. Thanks !

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Hi vismut,

I don't think there is a comprehensive guide anywhere.

There is some description of the strategy in the very first post of this thread. At least, it should be enough to get a rough idea of how it works.

There is a description of every external variable at the beginning of the Phantom code, you might want to look at it as well.

Then you will probably have some questions which you can ask here.

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Hello sym,

I found your fxbook have others EA on testing and the result seems not bad,

could you kindly share us which EA are you testing now.

Best Reagrd.

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Hi devonfgu

My other systems are just "trading exercises". They aren't so good as they appear to be. So I prefer not to share bad results.

But just to let you know, one is made by Blessing3 and the other by a modified version of Stochastic Power Edge 4.6.

Please keep in mind I don't recommend both of them!!!

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Sym, I am also experimenting (again) with Blessing 394, but I have modified it a bit in terms of lotsize usage. Mine only uses 0.01 fixed and does not continue like 0.02 0.03 etc. So far results are not negative, but also not much positive either. I am using one chart for forced uptrend and one for downtrend. Time will tell here a bit more, after a week and eastern just passed I have to see what happens when market really moves.

Cheers, xxl205 aka George

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Hi George

if I can advise you... DON'T USE b3 against the trend.

It hurts very much.

It's the same for phantom6, pay attention to the trend and big news.

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
hi, MSC, here are some questions:

1. "Close all when current equity exceeds 1% of last flat equity (or any percentage set by the user)" - how do I set the %%?

2. MMK = ?

3. ProfitPct = ?

will much appreciate the answers. Thanks in advance!!!

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Hi vismut,

You need to set ProfitPct.

MMK is different and related to money management' described in my post 1332 (page 89 of this thread).

Those variables are interconnected, of course. The bigger MMK is, the  smaller lot size will be used and the smaller profit likely to be  observed (together with the smaller DD) for a given period of time. I  think, a good ratio would be ProfitPct=2 for MMK=2, ProfitPct=4 for MMK  = 1, ProfitPct = 1 for MMK=4, etc. I currently use MMK=3 and  ProfitPct=1.4.

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Hi mcs (and other phantom developers)

I have some points disagreeing with phantom or perhaps I don't fully understand the EA:

1 - sometimes the trades start with 2 order (2 buys or 2 sells), usually just one. Why this difference?

2 - sometimes after the 1st order is placed the 2nd one is placed after 3-4-5 hours, but meanwhile the 1st one could loose 100 or more pips. I think it should be better if the 2nd order is placed after 1 hour maximum, chosen between the best hedge pairs at the moment.

3 - sometimes when the basket is loosing, we have to wait too long in order to have new hedging positions. It's dangerous because the situation could slip away and recover from a big loss isn't easy.

What do you think about my observations?

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
I got this retrying error about 1 hour

02:26:01 Phantom_AddSix_5.1.1 EURUSD,H1: ArrayInitialize function internal error

02:26:01 Phantom_AddSix_5.1.1 EURUSD,H1: incorrect start position 0 for ArraySort function

How it bad?

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Up +357.35% b1tches.

http://www.myfxbook.com/widgets/105843/large.jpg

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Looks like you are ready to go live and actually make real money.

BTW...nice drawdown.

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
With this kind of performance I plan on being a gazillionaire by the end of this year.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Looks good Maxx. What version are you using on your demo.??

Vit.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
...if your result will be stable, Max.

do you manually close trades to fix profitable positions?

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
As previously stated in this thread, it is the Phantom_01.mq4 with extra code to close 1 loser every 12 hours once available margin drops below 1000.

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Hi sym,

1 - more than one trade is possible during PhantomCheck minute. During this minute the EA looks for a biggest phantom winner and opens a real trade (unless this symbol was already opened during this minute). It is possible that during this minute there will be two or more biggest winners (first symbol wins for a couple of seconds, then it slips back and some other becomes a biggest winner, etc.)

2 - this EA looks at 14 symbols, but trades only 6 of them. So the biggest winner of those 14 must belong to the traded 6 symbols group in order to be traded. That is why EA sometimes waits for several hours before it opens a trade. Some people think that it is a good idea to do this. Even though it slows down the basket formation, it allegedly reduces DD. I'm not sure, whether it is good or not, I might conduct some testing later.

3 - if you start actively adding trades to a loosing basket, it could make things worse, on the other hand.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Hi Sky_drift,

Shouldn't be too bad. ArrayInitialize() is called in DrawChartComments() function which is implementing Graphical UI and was added by xere. I do not use it. If you want, you can switch it off by setting GraphicalUI = false.

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Hi TheMaxx,

With 75% drawdown? Good luck

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Thanks, much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
mcs,

Ive been off the boards for a few weeks, but I am a long time phantom tester. I wanted to say thanks for the programming work you have done.

I have long been interested in the equity trailing stop option. I am by nature, a very conservative trader. All my phantoms are run with a low mmtu and profit percent. However, by using a small profit percent I know this greatly limited the profit potential of any basket. I have incorporated your trailing stop function in a few of my testing ea's with good results so far.

Now my question is, Im testing a trail-start at .5% with .5% trail. It seems to work sometimes but have noticed at other times my equity reaches the level where the the trail should kick in but it doesnt. I have seen this on a few occasions.

For example Im watching a basket now where the trail should execute at 3114.79 equity. It reached that, and even went few $ higher but the trailing stop never kicked in. Another I watched, it reached the equity level but took another 30 minutes before it finally started the trailing stop. Any idea why this would be happening?

By the way on the baskets where the trailing stop was working, it did close out all the trades as intended with no problems so far.

The ea Im testing 5.1.1. Thanks

Edit: the trailing eq stop just kicked in on that basket around 15 minutes after it reached the target equity. Seems to work but very slow to engage.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
results for my 8 pair traded phantom after 1 month

MMTU 1.5

Profit Pct 0.33 (for april)

For May profit percent will be Equity trailing set at .5 start/.5 trail.

I have merged this phantom with version 5.1.1.(May 1). Since I started this phantom with pipstep(5) and "x" factor, they were included in the merge.

I know some people have mention these options may or may not be good. It does slow down the basket a bit, but I feel it also controls drawdown and margin usage(please note the drawdown numbers for this test, quite acceptable so far). With the inclusion of equity trailing stop I feel the profit factor will ramp up higher.

http://www.mt4i.com/users/thorn_add8_03

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Hi Vismut,

good morning. I have tested Phantoms so much that I started to be confused because of the large numbers of them and their results. Anyway, I'd like to find a place where to update the test results, even online here, but not.

So, if I can help you, you are welcome. But I need some infos:Which sum are you planing to trade live? How much DD would you expect? Few times per year the DD can increase: when you will start to feel unpleasant? Which is your monthly target? Do you prefer to close baskets quickly (with larger DD) or having many opened positions per days (with lower DD)?

Waiting for your answers, I wish you a nice time.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Hi thorn,

A little bit of misunderstanding here, I think.

When you use TrailStopStartsPercent = 0.5% and TrailStopPercent = 0.5%, it means 'place the trailing stop at the level of (at least) Last Equity + TrailStopStartsPercent'. It will only happen when the equity reaches Last Equity + TrailStopStartsPercent + TrailStopPercent (+1% in your case).

Ex., if you have deposit of 10,000, the EA will say 'Trailing Starts at %: 0.5000%, which is: $10050' and the trailing stop will be only set to 10,050 once the equity reaches $10100.

If you want trailing stop to be triggered at the level of +0.5% and be placed at the breakeven level initially, you can use TrailStopStartsPercent = 0.0 and TrailStopPercent = 0.5. You can also use negative TrailStopStartsPercent, ex. TrailStopStartsPercent = -0.2 and TrailStopPercent = 0.7 will cause trailing stop to be placed at -0.2% of your initial equity once the equity reaches +0.5%. If it goes above, the trail stop will follow it at the distance of 0.7%.

It might look a bit complicated at first, but it gives you additional flexibility.

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
mcs,

You are correct, I was not understanding how the function worked. Thought at .5 start it would start the trailing stop at break even. Thanks for the explanation.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Dear Achab,

Thank you for your enthusiasm!

please, kindly see the answers to your above questions:

[*]Which sum are you planing to trade live? -0.02 - 0.05 lot (lot size 100 K), start balance = 3000.[*]How much DD would you expect? - 25-35 pct.[*]Few times per year the DD can increase: when you will start to feel unpleasant? - not exactly clear what you mean. 50% DD is ultimate. [*]Which is your monthly target? 10-30 % of depo. [*]Do you prefer to close baskets quickly (with larger DD) or having many opened positions per days (with lower DD)? - difficult question. for hedge system like phantom I'd prefer a lower DD.

P.S.: much thanks to MCS for his help. the more i perceive the system the more i like it.

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Hi Vismut,

If you will use one of the Phantoms, it will decide how many microlots to open, only if the broker you have chosen allows microlots and has microsteps (0.01, 0.02, 0.03 etc.).

About your target, 10-30% is a very large range, that would make the difference between a "normal" DD and a largest one. So, I assume to start from 10% as month average. In this case you could use MMTU=0.2 and PP=0.2. Another choice could be to set MMTU=0.15 and PP=0.4.

Both settings would reach 10% and more, the first could reach larger DD but will close baskets quickly, the second will save the margin but you could have baskets opened for days, also more than a week. So, it's up to you.

I suggest you to start with one of that settings to see how it works for a month, after that you will have more confidence to change them by yourself, according with your propensity to risk and your trading behavior.

Good evening.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Hi vismut,

... and I've got alternative settings for you if you like to

There is a .set file attached for Phantom 5.1.1.

It uses alternative MM with MMK=1.5. For a balance of 3000 it gives lot 0.02 (as achab mentioned, only if your broker supports such lots).

ProfitPct set to 2.5, which should give you at least 10% a month.

DD shouldn't be more than 35%, but who knows? Let's see

It would be good if you run two or more Phantoms side by side for a month or more so you can then choose what better suits you.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Guys,

I put phantom6_01 on a chart with the default settings, only modified the mmtu to 0.1 and the profitpct to 1

My balance is 1000, the problem that it shows the profit target correct 100$ bu the equity profit target 10100 which will never occur for sure and therefore it is not closing trades while the target 100$ hit many times.

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
MCS,

Thank you for share. I am going to go live with Phantom 5.1.1 with settings, recommended my Achab. I will continue testing Phantom on demo with your settings. Let's see what happen.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Hi to all,

I've tried  to change the code in Phantom 01a:

Inserted Code if (!SymbolMarksCleared &&
TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 0)
with
Inserted Code  if (!SymbolMarksCleared )
{
if (TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 0 || TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 14 ||
TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) !=29 || TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 44)
{
ClearSymbolMarks();
SymbolMarksCleared = true;
}
}
and
Inserted Code if (BidsHaveChanged &&
TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 0 &&
!CloseAll)
{
PhantomsReset      = false;
SymbolMarksCleared = false;
with
Inserted Code  if (BidsHaveChanged && !CloseAll)
{
if (TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 0 || TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 14 ||
TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) ==29 || TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) == 44)

{
PhantomsReset      = false;
SymbolMarksCleared = false;

to obtain a TF 15. But after 15 minute the EA opened 14 trade, all the same.

Can you help me to obtain a phantom that work at lower  timeframe?

I think that will be more easy to achieve the PP target, because in few hours could be open more trade in the same direction of the trend.

JJ

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
There are alot of variations of the phantoms. Can you post the exact EA you want modified.

Just from what you posted in the clear symbol marks section I think it should be:

if (TimeMinute(TimeCurrent()) != 0 && (&& instead of ||)

not sure if thats why its adding all 14 trades though. Would have to see the whole ea.

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
You refer to Art Phantom thread where there is one Art Phantom Extreme EA which has the same logic. You can use the code from there.

I found  that the above line was missing in the code over there but please check it thoroughly.

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Hi Thorn,

thank you for your fast reply.

I used "||" instead of "&&"  because I want recognize more step inside an hour ( 0, 14. 29, 44 ). Four step inside an hour are equivalent a TF15, isn't it?

The Phantom's version is 01a, posted in the first post of this thread.

Are only few months that I try to program in mql, I'm not a professional.

I apologize with  programmers of the thread for my poor questions.

JJ

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
This should trade every 15 min. Keep in mind it is possible to have more than one biggest phantom winner in the minute the ea trades so you can get a trade in more than one pair.

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Many thanks Thorn, this evening I'll try.

Only a little suggestion: rename this new version , e.g. Phantom_01a_TF15 , so will be possible  distinguish it from other versions.

Thanks again.

JJ

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Hi Thorn

I'm forward testing Phantom. For me, sometimes it trades profitably, sometimes not very, because it works based on "time"... I mean after 1 hour it adds a new position or positions (as you teach me).

But I think it would be much better not using time-based open positions but pips open positions.

i.e. when the basket reaches -20 (or -30, or -40) pips, the EA must at once open a new hedge position. If the step-base pips is -20, if/when the basket reaches -40, -60, -80, -80, -100, it goes on opening new hedging position based on the best available (buy or sell) at the moment.

That's in order to avoid to get big D.D.

Could it be a new phantom variation?

Have a nice day

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Hi,

the modify works perfectly, each 15 minutes one or two trade are open. But now, the EA doesn't close the basket when PP is achieved. With an equity of 2000 and pp=1, the EA doesn't close with 90€ of profit.

Are there any other function that use the hourly TF and cause conflict with the new modify?

JJ

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Hard to say without seeing your platform. with 1% PP should have closed at 20 euros right? Did you clear the golbal variables after install of new EA? Sometimes that can mess things up.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
If you want to code it, you can try it. But I wont go there.

Not interested in re-inventing the wheel, if you know what I mean. After 8 months of testing and modifing, Im pretty happy with my phantoms as they stand now. I may test some minor mods and different pairs from here on but thats about it. I feel the basic concept plus my mods is enough for now.

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
OK, thank you. I wish you success trading with phantom.  :-)

But take a look here (open trades):
http://www.myfxbook.com/widget?id=10...=1&color=green

If you change your mind...

I could code a new phantom but I haven't spare time and I'm not as good as you. :-)

Have a nice day.

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Took a look, would guess it has improved some with spike up g/u today. I dont trade that phantom. One thing it looks like you tradng 3k account with .1 trade size. IMO thats way too big trade size for 3k account. Should be trading .01-.02 lots per trade. You can get very good return like you did in april but you have to be prepared for large drawdown also.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Hello, Thorn:

I've been LIVE for 4 months, on a IBFX mini (1 pip 1 cent) with less than 150$. so it is roughly equivalent to an account with less than 1500$ for a 1 pip 1 dime on 0.01 lot. Since it is 1:50 leverage, i got margin calls like once per month. But margin calls do not hurt the capital badly. I've been hanging around 120~130$ for 2 months now.  I did roughly estimate that to trade 0.02 lot safely with US brokers like FXDD, FXCM (0.01 lot, 1pip 1dime), $5000 will be the reasonable capital size.

i ve always used pipstep(or X factor that only add when previous postions are all positive). i found it is really slowing the EA down. On the other hand, my demo (and theMaxx demo) shows base phantom (w/o pipstep, or X factor) trades very quickly and accumulate profit fast. So now I doubt if pipstep and x-factor are valid features.

i'm very interested in your experiences, do you use pipstep or x-factor? if you do, how long could a basket be hanging there? my longest so far is one month of waiting (and it is still opened now). Or do you like pipstep/X factor feature?

by the way, i remember that you use different pair config. but do you manually intervene (cut losers or sth) the EA or only trade some specific hours?

many thanks!

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Could you maybe post  this Phantom with extra code to close the loser ? thanks

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
No

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Coding bug?

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Looks like burned deposit, not a bug.

By the way, it looks like the market is going crazy nowadays: all my phantom variations are in big drawdown since the beginning of May. And all my other experts (loosely correlated, as I wrongly thought) are in big DDs as well

On my real account for phantom the drawdown was up to 35%. It is a little bit better now, but still not good.

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
oversizing, mostly.

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
In my demo testing for Phantom_AddSix_02a, Phantom_4, Phantom_601a,

I think the Phantom_AddSix_02a is the best to gain stable profit, from my observation if you go against the synthetic hedge strategy spirit, it will caused big DD in high rigid market.

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Dear Phantom developers,

I have noticed that my phantom 5.1.1 has made "strange" trades during last week. I usually trade with 0.02 lot size (according to EA settings). But this week there we 2 orders 2.0 lot size made (which is a 100 higher in comparasion with standard lot size i trade).

Was is normally or not for the EA?

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Hi vismut,

It is definitely not normal and I've never seen this.

The only strange thing I've seen is that if you change its settings 'on the fly', i.e. without removing it from the chart and putting back with the new settings, it sometimes fail to initialize properly and start reporting crap. I think it is a bug of Metatrader though.

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Hi Guys

Haven't read the whole thread yet, but maybe one of You know the answer.

I'm testing the Phantom_AddSix_02a on a 10,000$ demo account and 1:100 leverage.

I'm using the default settings lots 0.1, MMTU 0.3 and PP 0.25. Are these default settings meant to be used on a 1:100 leverage account or not?

So far I've only tested it for a week (last week) and it yielded 5.5% with max floating DD of -10.95%. Lowest margin was 337%.

This DD/Margin level occurred during the 24hr long life of a basket consisting of 19 positions in it's last hour.

What are Your opinion - am I risking a death basket here with these settings?

My goal is of course to avoid that - and play it safe

What are Your experiences with Thorns version evaluating the phantoms every 15 mins?

Any preferred settings for a 10,000$ account, 1:100 leverage?

Any inputs from experienced phantom-traders are appreciated.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
Hello again

Present gain since July 7th is 16.40% with settings as above.

I've been unsuccessful in changing the lot size. Does anyone have a fix for this?

When I passed a 10% gain on the account I wanted to add 10 % to the lot size (from 0.1 to 0.11) to maintain the efficiency of the EA.

I tried to change the settings in the external parameters with no result. Then I tried to change the default lot size in metaeditor - but it still only trades 0.1 lot sizes.

I tried to hit F3 and delete the global variables (except LargestFloatingLoss, LastFlatBal, LastFlatEq etc.), unfortunately it only caused the trading history to be deleted, and didn't solve the problem.

Any helt will be appreciated.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Use the setting of "maximum margin to use" and set this at 1.0%

this should scale your lot size for you

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Thanks Nicastro - Problem solved

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
nobody have setting to share ?

is possibile implement stoploss on last version ?

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
The best advise is play with nanolots with this system: base currency 10,000.

Keep in mind that this system is very slow and you could have more than 100 trades live. So adjust very well your lot size.

Regarding Profit pct, you can calculate how many pips you need in order to reach ATR daily of one pair traded. I think it is a good way to set it.

Best of luck.

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
Hi Guys

I've just made a new pair selection to Phantom6_01a, and I'll test it on my VPS when the market opens.

The new buy pairs are:

GBPUSD

EURGBP

AUDCAD

The new sell pairs are:

AUDUSD

EURUSD

USDCAD

The idea of excluding JPY and CHF is to avoid the huge sudden moves caused by intervention from the respective central banks. A thing that we've seen a few times the last 6 months, and may very well happen again. I think sudden big moves in JPY and CHF is one cause when a basket (with the original pairs) suffers big floating DD and long duration of the basket trade.

The only changes to version 01a is the pair selection and the default values for MMTU and ProfitPct which is now set to 0.5 and 0.15 (my personal preferences). These settings should close the basket when approx. 30 pips is reached, and hopefully it will close a basket every 6 hours on average.

We'll see how it performs.

I'll keep You posted.

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
is possibile add this modify (use new pairs) to 511 version

and also add stoploss like 300pips x position open until trail ?

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
You just have to decide which pairs to use, and then exchange the old pairs with the new ones when You open the EA in Metaeditor.

It's a simple job that You easily can do Yourself, but it may take 30-60 mins to modify the code.

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
Sudden moves are not what causes baskets to linger. Its the times when you have multiples trades open on a single pair or maybe two pairs and then the market does a sudden reverse (CHF last week). It then takes forever for your hedge trades to catch up and more times than not it reverses again, and you are stuck with trades on either end of the range with the current price in the middle. Tha is when this system fails.

So how do you avoid this? That is the big question for this system. Only way you can avoid this is to take a manual approach and dont let the basket get over exposed to any pair in one direction. You can trim out manually both winners and losers. Your balance may drop a little but thats ok. Now when to do this is entirely up to your discresion. Also dont be afraid to kill a basket completly with a small loss. You can usually get a long string of winning baskets before that bad one shows up. You dont need to win all the time, just like any other system.

Pair selection. Thats the million $ question since we cant see the future. For me, I no longer worry about a basket to be synthetic hedge. Just look at 4 hr chart and use the pairs that look to be trending somewhat smoothly. The baskets profit best with trending pairs. Even though I dont completly syntheticaly hedge the pairs, I dont over expose any currency in the same direction either( ie. 3 eur/xxx long pairs)..Avoid mixing pairs that have big difference in daily range( ie. eur/gbp (low) gbp/aud(high)).

Consider the time frames. Good baskets usually will close in less than 24 hours. This will of course depend on mmtu and profit percent. Your .15 should close often. I usually use .25 and have had as many as 6 basket closes in a day. If the basket get over 20 trades before closing that is when I would start to think about maybe trimming.

Good luck in your testing.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Hi Thorn

Thanks a lot for Your comments. They are very valuable to me having worked with this system for only 5 weeks. Your experience with this system seems solid.

I understand that You have developed a not-all automatic approach to the Phantom trading system. Thats when experience comes into play. May I ask what version You use as the core of Your phantom trades?

Is it a more pure breed like 01/01a or one of the other versions which closes the looser every x hours, or something like that.

My personal preference is to find a simple version which tends to avoid baskets with a life longer than 24 hours and doesn't have too many (if any) variables that will randomize testing.

So far I've been testing the addsix_02a with good results for 5 weeks. However my settings (using MMTU 1% and ProfitPct 0.25) has almost one weekly occurrence with a basket of close to 20 open trades, only 300% margin available, and a floating DD of maybe 10%. This basket until now closed within 48 hours.

It has yielded almost 5% weekly (which is extremely good), but I would be more than happy with 1.5-2% weekly if the safety of the system was improved.

Below is a screenshot of the demo results of addsix_02a.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
my idea is add stoploss to 511 version

logic is stop loss i calculated in base of ATR

this is for a buy order

double stoplossB=iATR(SymbolArray[i], PERIOD_D1, days,1)*mult_atr;

stoplossB=MarketInfo(SymbolArray[i], MODE_ASK)-stoplossB;

stoplossB=NormalizeDouble(stoplossB,4);

let me know , if like this idea , so if market change (example chf) account will go down in balance but possibile will survive

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
Hi, Thorn, thanks for the update.  Almost same as my experiences and impression.

added exceedingly many positions, then market reverse, that's main cause of DD, especially when a basket meets this kind of situation 2 or 3 times.

i also manually trim, every Asian session, if too many pos are added.

now for me, more than 30 trades, or 2 days, are too scary for me.  i often close a basket, suffer a loss of 6~10 times of a basket-closure profit.

my 4 months LIVE suffered 3 times of "death basket", each loss is 12~20 times of a basket-closure profit.  that's why, since then, i'd rather manually close earlier.

hopefully, we can continue to validate each other's experiences on this EA in future.

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Thanks to Charvo and Thorn for reporting their experiences with this system.

It definitely a big help to hear Your view on the anatomy of this system, the pair selection, and the need for manual trimming.

Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
thorn,pls help me.the EA doesn't close when PP is achieved really.

Sorry for my poor English.

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Hi there,

how's going with different version of Phantom? I hope the performances are increasing while the risk is under control.

Could you post your last results? Or your statements?

My oldest and still running test is about Phantom6_01x and you can find the live stats here: http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-Phantom6_01x/stats.

Unfortunately the MT4i publisher has crashed and the stats are frozen (2011/08/10 16:00:02), but the EA's still running. As I'll be back in office I'll restart the MetaTrader and the stats will be updated.

Actually the updated Balance is 23,708.53 Euros and the Equity is 18,672.31 Euros.

The test started on December, the 12 2010, with a Balance of 5,000 EUR, completely untouched.

I wish you a nice weekend.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Very impressive!

I am testing Phantom6_01aV2  on 3 accounts, positive results on all 3

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Thanks a lot, Achab.  Amazing results, at first, i feel it incredible.  how do you reset the phantoms? using the default 8 hours or your own timing?

I got burned twice last month using P6_01.  now stopped..., and wondering what to do.

i used 0.02 or 0.03 lot only in a 10000$ account, from the chart you may see that the profit over 3 month is almost 2500$.  with two recent drops in the equity curves..... (i had 4 "death baskets" in 3 months.)

recently, i become more worried, when the DD reach -500~-1000$ (it often reaches this disgusting level, once per month at least), i tend to "close all trades".

according to your stats, should I just let them run anyway?  your 0.1 lot in a $5000 account is really aggressive to me.

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
If someone is coding a stoploss, can I also suggest coding a trailing stop on positive baskets?

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
guys.. any reason why this EA would not be working? I have tried deleting global variables, trying on my VPS and my desk top.. its been a few days but no trades are showing AND there is nothing in the journal/logs?

Looking forward to your guidance.....

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Hi,

I think this demo is dead. Anyone here has tested with CLM option...

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
it is not dead, and it revives again

but apparently, this demo seems running under "manual interference": either manually partial closure or some "cut loser" method, if you read the statement details.

this demo ran thru two huge hits (death baskets), the last one is most terrifying, however, the trader has courage to cut losers and let profit run, and finally got out without much hurt.

the question is "how the trader decide when and how to adjust positions".

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
Hi Charvo,

Yes, you are right...... Now I´m trying one version by Frazerd with cut losers option, Phantom six 1x. MMTU 0,4. PP 1% , CLM 1,5. I like this idea about cutting losers soon and let profits run.... 6,31% profit in 5 days.

Lowest margin 1600%

DD 3,3%

Leverage 1 400 very risky....... Micro account

Remember that this version add lot position in 6 pairs with profits and cut losers very soon, now at 100 pips in my demo more an less.

Let´s see if this toy can survive a long time .....Did you try this version

good night

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
no, i have not tried this version.  great you have nice results.

the EA's MMTU, PP % are nice to use, but confusing to communicate, since we dont know each other's capital size.   Same MMTU, PP%, but different capital (1000 or 10000) may lead to huge difference in performance.

i tried similar version with X factor (only add when all previous pos in profit), but without cut losers, ( i manually cut, much less frequently than your version), the outcome is a disaster.  within 1 month, i always ended up in a death basket.  i tried 3 times, then gave it up.

bring it on, don't let my failure discourage you, since achab's demo is more encouraging.

i'm thinking why achab's phantom with X is working, but mine NOT.

the possible reason is his phantom uses "reset over 8 hours", but mine does NOT.

at this point, after 0.5 yr, it is relatively safe to say achab's demo's performance is not by luck, but by a edge.  however, i still believe that last week, he somehow manually interfered the basket so that he survived that death basket.

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
My account demo balance is 1000$, today my  balance has fallen so much because this EA cuts  several losers trades very soon but, few hours later, rise up to my goal (1%), from bottom to sky. Only 6 days demoing..... It is important a micro account because your lot size is flexible and it does not have huge steps when your account balance grows.

I opened a new demo in order to know if it is only good luck although I split PP and MMTU by 4 and CLM ....2.0.

Metacoder repeats all the time...'cut your losses and let your profits run' ....or maybe 'cut your losses soon and let your profits run' . I think it is only good luck....

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
Hi Guys,

Just to point this week after SNB move EURCHF is almost dead & moving slowly while USDCHF now exactly a proxy of EURUSD. Would this work so effective?

Regards

13

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Hi!

If you take a look at the statement you can see some manual interference, yes. In the longest story of this test, it happened only 2 times. The first one, many months ago, it was not me, but the crash I had to my PC that modified the positions, closing the basket when negative (if I remember well).

The second time it was not me, either: the account had a margin call and stop, and closed the positions. Don't know why it revived again and after I noticed it, I closed the basket with more than 20,000 EUR of gain, after 2 days.

Even if in real I have lost a lot of money with one Phantom, I still am a fan of this system. In fact, if you can tripled an account in less than an year.... It "talks by itself", as we use to say in Italy.

Now my question: would you like to share your live account statements, if any?

May the pip be with you.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
yeah, your 2nd survival after 20k burned is really amazing, not sure how we can do it in LIVE.

how often do you reset, Achab?  default 8 hours?

i lost a huge amount of money too on using various phantoms in LIVE.  but still feel it promising.

i'll upload my statement after work tonight, you may see the chart in my previous post in the last page.

As said, plz see the attached,

LIVE @ Go Market, 10000 capital, 0.03 lot each position usually, phantom6_01.mq4 in 1st page.

reached 2500$ profit almost, then a death basket killed 800$, i stopped trading it, still seeking a solution now.

also, as time went by, i started using more and more manual interference (closing a few positions in Asian time).

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
Thanks for sharing your statement, you too Achab.  My demo with Phantoms 1x Cut losers 1.5 is doing well (no reset phantoms every x hours) . You can follow my stats here:

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/pulg...u-05-pp/159490

IMHO I think it is better to use CLM  in order to avoid a really awful basket and now I usually use MMTU keeping in mind how many pips I need to reach PP. I´m sure everyone here knows that a high MMTU/Leverage allows a high PP, but it is too risky. In this demo I´m using lot sizes around 0,15 nano lots= 1500 currency base and my balance is around 900-1000$. Imagine what will happen with this account with 70-100 trades and a average volatility of this pairs 1-2% daily.

Said this, I prefer 1x phantom because it is a perfect price action system. Only adds positions with profits and cut losers soon, no matters if these pairs are better than another ones like in Phantoms 2a. I´m trying to know which would be the best settings for any MMTU/leverage.

I appreciate if you will share your experience.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
charvo,

I too have lost small amounts trying to make this work and I come back again to phantom as I see potential in this method. If we see the results carefully, chf pairs are the major contributors to the profit or  loss for that matter. That is to do with the how chf moved over past year or so. I am trying to incorporate different sets of pairs(from the 14 available), so as to see without exaggerated movements of pairs, whether system will have any legs.

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
http://www.myfxbook.com/members/gao48/fx5/159986

Use smallest lot TRUE

I use: Phantom_AddSix_02a

settings:MMTU 0.5

Lots 0.01

PP 0.15

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
i tried many pair configs, and decided it is the original 6 pairs best.

however, chf indeed was in trend for the past 6 months or so.  i remember that before this period, my demo showed the opposite, all chf pairs were dragging down the basket, but eurusd, and eurjpy were contributing to the basket. that time was around the end of 2010.

so it is difficult to expect the pair config to be the key of the system, since each pair will inevitably have its ranging and trending days.

one thing that Achab's demo reminds me of is that sometimes, the EA had to wait for 1~2 month to close a basket, and maybe i was not patient enough when i traded???

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Hi!

I tried to connect to your live stats, but it seems to be a private statement.

I wish you a nice day.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
doing fine

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Hi, Achab:

I sent you a PM about "how many hours to reset phantoms"? Would you please take a look?  Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
extern int ResetHourInterval = 8;

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
Hi Guys

Just wanted to give You an update on addsix_02a and Phantom6_01a.V2.

I posted the latter here with a new pair selection to avoid CHF and JPY pairs due to intervention risk. I've tested this EA for 3 weeks now and it has shown slow and rather unprofitable with a setting of PP 0.15 and MMTU 0.5.

It has suffered a loss of approximately 7% due to losses experienced when closing a basket with a high number of pairs.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...70#post4868270

Remember Thorns comments to my pair selection - I think he was proved right regarding the importance of choosing pairs with the approximately same daily range.

During my test only a fraction of all EURGBP trades ended profitable (most were big loosers and during the last 3 weeks this pair has moved in the same 250 pips range.

I've also demotested addsix_02a for 8 weeks showing good profits (PP 0.25 and MMTU 1.0) until I hit a "death basket". When margin available reached 100% (with close to 100 open positions), MT4 started closing trades to maintain a margin above 100% and then the real drawdawn occured.

The smallest lotsize on this account was 0.1 on a 10,000$ account, so the

reason for this misfortune must have been overleverage.

The last 3 weeks I've tested the same EA on a 10,000$ account (smallest lotsize 0.01) and a setting of PP 0.125 and MMTU 0.5.

As expected the profits accumulated approximately 50% slower, but the floating DD has been only 2.18%.

I'm considering moving addsix_02a to a live account using PP 0.125 and MMTU 0.5 (which equals an approximate profittarget of 25 pips).

Has anyone had long term experiences with this version and those settings?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
Sell and Buy

Phantom6_01aV2

I have been thinking if the ea could be modified, have tested it but got big drawdown

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Has anyone had problems running addsix_02a or the other Phantom EA's on an account with funds in Euro?

I guess it shouldn't cause any problems since MT4 doesn't state which currency the account is in - only the balance and equity figures.

So far I've only tested in $ demo-accounts, but just made a € demo-account to test it.

Of course the comment-display isn't correct since I haven't changeded the code to € yet. But something strange happened when I loaded the EA. The comment display sometimes refreshes with a $profit target of 0.00 and the smallest lot-size.

Have You had the same problem? And is it at all related to the fact that I'm now demo-ing on a € account?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
I think the problem with the comment display was caused by an other EA (the MPTM) which was attached to another chart. Can't see why it should affect Phantom6, but anyways removing the MPTM made the problem go away.

Another thing I've noticed though is that the lot-size is as if it was a USD account. But I guess the way that I'll work around it is to increase the MMTU accordingly.

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
I did not close any trades manually, when there was drawdown of between 4-5% the ea closed all with loss, there was big movement in several currencies as the gold , silver, euro and oil dropped, have some more tests

to do before I place the ea on life account, please! if anybody has seen similar results, please post it, thanks

Phantom_AddSix_02a

file:///C:/IBFXAustralia_1-Click/DetailedStatement.htm

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
Hi Charvo,

sorry for my delay, I had some troubles, technical (laptop crashed) and about work.

Anyway, I confirm you that I have standard reset setting: 8 hours.

Take a look at my set file, attached here.

Why did you put me this question?

I wish you a nice day.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Thanks a lot, Achab:

Originally I thought this is an important reason why your demo's performance is that great.

then i realised that i was wrong since your version is with "X" factor (but this resetting is still important).

Generally, resetting is important because it give the basket a new "price level to start" so that the basket will capture the most active/trendy pair in last interval (by default, last 8 hours).  many times, a basket gets trapped in DD is because the trend of pair A has reversed but the EA still adds to pair A due to pair A's earlier profit.  Resetting is a solution to overcome this.

But resetting is of little use to your case, since you have "X" factor.  If a pair A is reversed, the EA will not add more positions for pair A anyway.

Although your EA performs greatly, I still feel hesitating to use "X" factor.  In my LIVE trading, "X" factor is destructive, since I cannot wait for a basket forever.  I guess "reset" is better than "X" factor for the sake of saving time.  "X" factor is too slow.

I feel that resetting over 24 hours are better without solid stats supporting it.

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
Hi all,

I was thinking about your point of view and maybe to reset our basket every x hours it is not a good idea. I wonder if the most important it is to track all your pairs from the beginning and close our losers "soon" (I´m thinking which is the best moment to cut losers and now, beyond 1 day volatility could be a good start).

X factor and pip step is needed, why?. I want to only add winning trades from the begining and pip step avoid that not to add when the market is flat. It is like a grid position system.

So at this point, it is important to choose when you have to cut losers because it is part of this game. Too soon-> too many losers trades and harder to recover when market is ranging->Too late, less losers trades but higher values of this losers trades although you avoid losers in ranging markets. Please share your ideas about this issue.

Sorry again for my English

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
that's why i tend to manually reset on daily basis (upon my reading of the price).

every 8 hours seems too frequent.

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
hi,

i have the version 5.1.1 at demo.

if you look at the trades, you can see that it was stuck within the eu crash. positive -> didn`t blow the account. But negative -> the profit was only ~ 9€ with over 50 open trades > 0.5 lots. so it maybe needs better settings or whatever.

link: http://www.myfxbook.com/de/members/s...phantom/166889

find attached, the set-file i use (rename in *.set if you want to use it)

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
Ok, that´s has sense if you don´t have any trades from 1 day ago, but why don´t we want to track all our trades from the beginning?.  Imagine that you have a large number of EURJPY trades, market changes its way and now EURCHF rules, "Biggest Winner symbol" is EURCHF and "Biggest Loser Symbol" is EURJPY. You start to cut your EURJPY trades and add EURCHF trades, you handle any situation possible coming from future. If you don´t cut losers and add winners your basket could get into a big DD and a big movement is needed in order to get your PP% because your Basket price is trapped in the middle.

Maybe I´m wrong but ACHAB Phantom six 1x test touched several times Margin call and his broker started to close biggest losers and his account survived and got new profits, and/or ACHAB cuts biggest losers manually.

Here is my demo....
http://www.myfxbook.com/es/members/p...-025-pp/159490

If this PHANTOM 1x reach my PP goal (2%) maybe I´m right , or maybe not. Anyway, with these systems Profit Factor is always too short in long term. It is almost a "set and forget" EA, in the other hand you are going to have a lot of sleepless nights :-( with a high MMTU. (High DD and low margin level/Margin call even).

X factor could help you in order to avoid Overtrading/Margin call issue and it shows you the winning side. If markets changes its way, cut losers is the only solution. Please take a look to Frazerd tests in this thread and I maybe you change your mind like me. (But I repeat that maybe I´m wrong)

I acknowledge this is the most interesting idea for AUTOMATIC TRADING that I´ve never seen FOR FREE. It is only my opinion.

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
sorry for misunderstanding that i caused. i didn't mean anything that you showed is problematic.

in fact, i agree cut-losers is a must function.

as to reset, the length of the interval is important, should be determined by the trader----from my own experiences. it might be 2 hours, or 20 days, all depending on how market runs. you may try it a few weeks, and you might see its use.

as to X-factor, it is logic in the beginning. however, it, seems to me, has not solved the problem of "forever trapped in DD". check Achab's demo, he had baskets more than 2 months long, not one basket, quite a few. can you bear with that in LIVE? if you can, that suits you. but i've been there, and i'd not go there again.

in Caillou's thread, someone also showed an image why X-factor not working in long term. you will always meet this situation, see below my text if u can understand.
edited: txt won't work, but imagine a series of zzzzzz of the market movement.

anyway, if market reverse after each higher high/lower low and to make a new lower low/higher high, you will be trapped in DD. cut-losers may help this case, but you still suffer heavy loss.

this method takes time (1 yr for me now) to think it over. that's why it is important for us to keep exchanging experiences and thoughts

bring it on

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
I´m happy that we agree in one thing Charvo .

What did you mean with: "txt won't work, but imagine a series of zzzzzz of the market movement. [/color]"

If you are talking about Phantom 6 2a, yes, I agree with you that "X" factor does not works. Reason: this system is not very flexible, I don´t know which is advantage of trading only if one o more pairs  are better than others 14. Maybe it works but it has no sense with "X" factor. In the other hand with Phantom 1x  our 6 pairs are tracking and traded without any restriction, so in this system "X" factor has many advantages and it is still flexible.

Using 1x you are all the time adding and closing trades doing your basket ready to catch any big movement to any direction. This is my thinking, but I realize that you are fully right when you say that  it is a very very slow system. Anyway, we could see what will happen with my demo and we will know more about this system.

It is very important to tell that this system can´t work with appropriate settings. First of all, if your balance is lower than 10,000$ you need to trade with a micro account (IBFX, GO MARKETS...., 10,000 units currency base). Higher that 10,000$ we could use a standard account (100,000 units currency base). Do you agree in this second point??

About others settings, I always like to think in pips, so I translate my PP% to pips, and now I start closing trades when my basket reach Average Daily volatility of our 6 pairs. MMTU: I´m trying 0,25 in my demo, in my opinion is high but I would like to know if it could get a margin call.

If in 1 year I could get 3 times my investment, maybe It is not a bad idea to start with an small balance in the future if this system works (500-1,000$).

Let´s see what happen.

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
Hello to everyone,

I would like to read Bob's point of view, on this. Bob (MetaCoder) seems to be disappeared: does someone know where he is?

I wish you all a profitable week.

May the pips be with you.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
Hi all

I started running Phantom_AddSix_02a live this week. A volatile yet profitable week.

I'm using MMTU 0.8 (on a €-based account) and PP 0.15 - which in turn means that the profit target will be met with a approximate move of 25 pips for the whole basket. The EA has closed 6 baskets this week with a average basket size of 6 positions.

If the entire basket is only to meet 25 positive pips for a basket closure, then I'm in risk of ending up with a loosing basket in a fast moving market if it takes close to a minute to close all the positions.

If anyone is capable of coding a mod to AddSix_02a so a new profit target is calculated with the addition of each new position, it would be hugely appreciated.

With my settings as an example I picture a EachTradeAddsToPP (true/false) and AdditionToPP (double) as a external parameters. So the PP is continuously adjusted as a new position is added to the basket. With a PP of 0.15 and AdditionToPP of 0.02, a basket with 10 positions will have a new adjusted PP of 0.35 (approx. 57 positive pips for the entire basket).

I see two advantages by this:

A lesser risk of closing  a basket with a high number of positions as an overall loosing basket in a volatile market.

And the profitability will continuously benefit of the momentum of the market forces no matter how many positions there is in the basket.

Comments anyone?

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Inconvenient: Almost all the time, Phantoms EA are "losers", if you do that, you make harder next recovery.

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Thanks for Your input.

My goal is not to multiply the PP with the number of trades, but just to minimize the risk of a profit sliding into a loss when the basket is closing 10+ positions.

Increasing the PP to a modest degree with the addition of each trade could account for that.

I have only been operating with a very low PP to ensure frequent basket closures, and in general the basket size has averaged 3 positions. But at least once every week the EA ends up with a basket of more than 15 or 20 trades. I've experienced, that when a basket in drawdawn goes into profit the move can be sudden and the equity quite volatile, and the correction can be quite forceful.

This is when I thought that it wouldn't hurt that the profit target was gradually increased to account for the volatility when this move occurs.

I guess another road to travel is to increase the PP in the first place, and accept a less frequent basket closure. I just haven't any experience with a higher PP with this EA.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
I have a short experience with high values of PP, and I changed my mind only for one reason: High swap cost of keeping a basket a long time. Your idea looks good although I´m not sure whether it is going to increase so much its performance. Some time ago, I tried a trailing stop mod and my performance with these EAs was worse even.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Hi all ,

You could take a look  to my demo Phantom 1x with Pipstep/ cut losers option and its performance is good:

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/pulg...-025-pp/159490

I have another demo with Phantom addsix 2a with cut losers option and I realize that the beginning of a basket trade is better with 2a than 1x.  My idea is to make a hybrid system: it starts our first trade/s with 2a filter ( it must be the best over 14 pairs) and if it doesn´t reach our goal after the first trade/s, Phantom 1x would add new trades due it balances very well our basket trades, DD is lower with 1x.

Anyone here with programing skills is interested in doing this new version?

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
a coder can change phantom EA and set to use Hanover to choose what cross buy or sell ?

i think can be really interesting see how will perform

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
I have changed the settings for live account:

New settings:

I use: Phantom_AddSix_02a

settings:MMTU 0.3

Lots 0.01

PP 0.25

-------

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
The last 3 weeks I've tested the same EA on a 10,000$ account (smallest lotsize 0.01) and a setting of PP 0.125 and MMTU 0.5.

As expected the profits accumulated approximately 50% slower, but the floating DD has been only 2.18%.

I'm considering moving addsix_02a to a live account using PP 0.125 and MMTU 0.5 (which equals an approximate profittarget of 25 pips).

Has anyone had long term experiences with this version and those settings?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

I think the settings are good, I am trying on life account:

lotsize 0.01  and a setting of PP 0.25 and MMTU 0.3

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
Hi fx7779,

I've backtested many versions of this EA and want to point out that all of them will sooner or later hit a 'basket of death'.

After heaps of backtesting I found one variation that was able to survive three years of test, but that one was considerably different from the original strategy and only gave you 50% of annual profit with up to 40% DDs. Even that optimized strategy cannot be trusted since no one can guarantee its future performance.

Overall, it is better to forget about phantom EAs.

Thanks,

McS

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Hi Mcs,

Could you tell us which ones have you tested? Which Phantom EA is the survivor one during 3 years?. How did you backtested these EAs?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Achab's demo, after 1 yr, finally collapsed completely.

unfortunately......

i'm thinking that at the end of day, people decision (Up or Down?) is a must.

that is, this has to be a semi-auto EA, never a full-auto one.

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
I took my version of Phantom that was posted here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...90#post4566290

and re-coded it for JForex (Dukascopy) and did backtests on tick history for last three or four years. It got busted pretty quickly, so I started to experiment with different mods and MM and settings and filters... Eventually I tested heaps of different versions (all or almost all posted in this thread and many more of my own mods).

Even though there is a version which works fine up till now (this is my own one, considerably different from anything posted here), it will eventually hit a wall at some time in the future. By 'hit a wall' I mean either of two: 1) margin call because of a huge DD; 2) 'never ending' DD basket, when the basket is in 40-80% DD and stays like this for at least 6 months till the end of the backtest. The latter is more common if you use very good MM and are very smart at cutting loosers. You can cut whole baskets, of course, and I tested this option - it will burn your deposit in the long run. I tested all approaches I could imagine.

This strategy 'as is' simply has no edge. It is basically 'buy-and-hold' type of strategy. The difference is that it is not just one currency it buys, it builds up a basket and then waits till it reaches some profit target. But the word 'basket' doesn't somehow magically makes it profitable. Without understanding of what kind of basket it is, how this basket behaves, why we are using this basket and not the other one and many other things, this strategy is doomed. Generally it is OK when the basket is fluctuating within some not-too-wide price channel, but the basket tends to trend. It is easy to see if you write a small indicator to display synthetic 'price' of the basket.

So let me put it simple: such buy-and-pray strategies do not survive in the long run no matter how hard you try to tweak them.

If you are keen on basket trading, it is better to look at this thread: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=262827 and start thinking of your own strategy which will account for basket behavior.

Thanks,

McS

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
Mcs,

Thanks for the update. I would agree with most of your thoughts. I never had a stand alone 100% mechanical version ever last more than 3-4 months. When conditions are right the profits are fast and furious, but unfortunatly we know the markets never stay with ideal conditions.

I too have tested many of my own mods. I do think the ea has some merit but not as originaly intended or used as complete auto system as Charvo mentioned.

I have designed my own basket system based loosely on the phantom idea. I even designed one of the EA's to take trades as I want them but trade management is 100% me. So far Im profitable and drawdown is very acceptable. Im only around 4 months in so too early to tell how it will go in the longer term.

I do know using a rigid set and number of pairs always traded in same direction and reseting phantoms at a timed interval just will not work long term. As you said its just " buy and pray". Markets and pairs are ever changing so your approach to contructing baskets has to be constantly adapted to that.

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
Hi Charvo,

and good morning. If you mean about this test (http://www.mt4i.com/users/achab-Phantom6_01x/stats) I can't say it has been a negative test.

In my personal opinion if the test is able to double the account it is a winner. If I had it in real, for sure I had withdrawal the capital after it doubled, or before.

Let me make an example: I trade because I want to earn $1,000 per month. In this case any month I would use to withdrawal $1000 and in the test above here I'd earn a lot of money, before it collapsed.

Don't you agree with it?

I wish you a nice day.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
Hi achab,

The problem is that we don´t know when it is going to be collapsed. Maybe we should look for settings that it can survive a long time, (years, decades,centuries....)

Good night

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Indeed. I heard about people who trade exactly like this - they take some EA (usually some Martingale variation), put it on live account and put the money it wins aside (ideally it should be done daily, but depends on the EA). When the EA blows the account, they reinstate the account with the money it won and transfer any excess funds to their bank accounts.

I, however, suspect that most of them are not making much money out of it. Maybe, if they have really good intuition and feel that 'black swan' is coming...

Anyway, it still comes down to trader's discretion which has already been mentioned as something that this EA really needs.

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
Hello Achab wanted to ask you if you managed to get news of metacode

thanks

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Hello to you too.

Nope, unfortunately I still miss news about him. The "Phantom" project seems definitively closed.

By the way, if you will have any kind of news, let me know about him here, please.

I wish you a nice day.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Ahab Hello, I tried to read everything and I'm trying to demo the two versions Addsix-02a and-03b laAddsix for now with good results, as your commitment to this project and the many versions of Phantom wanted to ask you which version you think is the more balanced

(I also downloaded your version, but I have yet to try)

thanks

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
Hi,

I have abandoned these EAs, they have an inconvenient risk/gain ratio, IMHO.

What about you?

May the green pips always be with us.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Incorrectly applying one lot size to all pairs was one of the problems here.

I've worked out how to calculate correct lot sizes.

Group 1, The Phantom Buys (recent exchange rates shown)

1. GBPUSD   1.55419

2. USDCHF   0.93622

3. EURJPY 130.864

Which is:

Buy  GBP

Buy  USD

Buy  EUR

Sell USD

Sell CHF

Sell JPY

Group 2, The Phantom Sells (recent exchange rates shown)

4. GBPCHF   1.45519

5. CHFJPY 106.154

6. EURCHF   1.23250

Which is:

Sell GBP

Sell CHF

Sell EUR

Buy  CHF

Buy  JPY

Buy  CHF

* Here the Sell CHF and one of the Buy CHF's cancel out; lot sizes

must be right.  The remaining Buy CHF offsets the Sell CHF in the

Phantom Buys; lot sizes must be right!

Since CHF occurs 4 times, let us calculate lot sizes for the currency pairs in this order:

(First set 0.03 as an example lot size for the very common CHF.)

Sell CHFJPY 106.154   -- 0.03 * 106.154 = JPY 3.18462

Sell GBPCHF   1.45519 -- 0.03 / 1.45519 = GBP 0.0206158645950013

Buy  USDCHF   0.93622 -- 0.03 / 0.93622 = USD 0.0320437504005469

Sell EURCHF   1.23250 -- 0.03 / 1.23250 = EUR 0.0243407707910751

Buy  GBPUSD   1.55419 -- 0.02 * 1.55419 = USD 0.0310838

Buy  EURJPY 130.864   -- 0.02 * 130.864 = JPY 2.61728

Here are the key calculations:

Assume CHF if the calculated desired lot size (0.03 in this example).

Sell GBPCHF   1.45519 -- 0.03 / 1.45519 = GBP 0.0206158645950013, round to 0.02

Buy  USDCHF   0.93622 -- 0.03 / 0.93622 = USD 0.0320437504005469, round to 0.03

Sell EURCHF   1.23250 -- 0.03 / 1.23250 = EUR 0.0243407707910751, round to 0.02

Therefore:

Buy  GBPUSD   0.02 lots

Buy  USDCHF   0.03 lots

Buy  EURJPY   0.02 lots

Sell GBPCHF   0.02 lots

Sell CHFJPY   0.03 lots

Sell EURCHF   0.02 lots

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
Excellent!!! Can you correct the code? If you could post a corrected version, I could apply that to my favourite Phantom mod.

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
Max, yes, I can correct the code, except I would change more than just the lot sizes.

My next version of Phantom6 would probably just add real trades when all pairs in the phantom trades align on opposite sides (buy vs sell, profitable vs unprofitable).  The phantom trades would be reset immediately after opening each real trade, waiting for the next positive/negative alignment before opening another trade.

For now, trying substituting your SetLotSize function with this code:

void SetLotSizes()

{

Investment = MaxMarginToUse / 100.0;

// The symbol the EA is attached to is used for the purpose of MODE_LOTSIZE

UseLots = valLastFlatEq * Investment * (Leverage / MarketInfo(Symbol(), MODE_LOTSIZE));

UseLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(UseLots/LotStep,0))*LotStep;

UseLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(UseLots,2));

if (UseSmallestLot || UseLots < MinLots) UseLots = MinLots;  if (UseLots > MaxLots) UseLots = MaxLots;

GBPCHFLots = UseLots / MarketInfo(GBPCHFsym, MODE_BID);

GBPCHFLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(GBPCHFLots/LotStep,0))*LotStep;

GBPCHFLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(GBPCHFLots,2));

if (UseSmallestLot || GBPCHFLots < MinLots) GBPCHFLots = MinLots;  if (GBPCHFLots > MaxLots) GBPCHFLots = MaxLots;

USDCHFLots = UseLots / MarketInfo(USDCHFsym, MODE_BID);

USDCHFLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(USDCHFLots/LotStep,0))*LotStep;

USDCHFLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(USDCHFLots,2));

if (UseSmallestLot || USDCHFLots < MinLots) USDCHFLots = MinLots;  if (USDCHFLots > MaxLots) USDCHFLots = MaxLots;

EURCHFLots = UseLots / MarketInfo(EURCHFsym, MODE_BID);

EURCHFLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(EURCHFLots/LotStep,0))*LotStep;

EURCHFLots = StrToDouble(DoubleToStr(EURCHFLots,2));

if (UseSmallestLot || EURCHFLots < MinLots) EURCHFLots = MinLots;  if (EURCHFLots > MaxLots) EURCHFLots = MaxLots;

GBPUSDLots = GBPCHFLots;

EURJPYLots = EURCHFLots;

CHFJPYLots = UseLots;

return(0);

}

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Sweet thanks!  Also now following your Reverse6 and Trim6 threads - thanks for your continued support of this system!

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
You're welcome.  I think it'll be more enjoyable this time around.

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
Excellent.  This weekend I'll set up a new VPS and start posting results.

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
Do be sure to download the latest versions of the EAs; just recently removed the unwanted restriction on trimming/reversing from both EAs.

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
Hi Bob,

nice to meet you here again. What did you do in this long period?

Best regards.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
Hi.

Here you have the errors I get while trying to compile:
Inserted Code 'GBPCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (485, 1)
'GBPCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (486, 1)
'GBPCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (486, 38)
'GBPCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (487, 1)
'GBPCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (487, 38)
'GBPCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (489, 23)
'GBPCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (489, 45)
'GBPCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (489, 71)
'GBPCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (489, 93)
'USDCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (491, 1)
'USDCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (492, 1)
'USDCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (492, 38)
'USDCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (493, 1)
'USDCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (493, 38)
'USDCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (495, 23)
'USDCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (495, 45)
'USDCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (495, 71)
'USDCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (495, 93)
'EURCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (497, 1)
'EURCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (498, 1)
'EURCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (498, 38)
'EURCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (499, 1)
'EURCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (499, 38)
'EURCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (501, 23)
'EURCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (501, 45)
'EURCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (501, 71)
'EURCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (501, 93)
'GBPUSDLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (503, 1)
'GBPCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (503, 14)
'EURJPYLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (504, 1)
'EURCHFLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (504, 14)
'CHFJPYLots' - variable not defined C:Program Files (x86)Alpari NZ MT4expertsPhantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4 (505, 1)
32 errore(i), 0 avvertimento(i)

Best regards.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
My bad - try the attached - I think I've fixed it but I'm at work without access to MT4 so can't check.

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
achab, you could copy-and-paste from the Reverse6 or Trim6 EA the declarations of the variables your compilation is showing as undefined.

Here is the line where all lot-related variables are declared:

double UseLots, TempUseLots, GBPUSDLots, USDCHFLots, EURJPYLots, GBPCHFLots, CHFJPYLots, EURCHFLots, TotalLots, BuyLots, SellLots;

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
I got involved in a couple of hobbies pretty deeply.  Work got more busy too.  The break gave me a chance to let go of thinking about EAs and forex strategies, but some things still kicked around in the back of my mind and I'm glad I at least got more serious about tailored lot sizing for each pair in the hedge basket.  That's a big key that I simply ignored in favor of implementing a lot of variations on tactics.  Have to step back from time to time!

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
You were correct, Mr. matrixebiz!

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Hi maxx. Is this the latest version of the EA ?

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
It's TheMaxx's own personal version of one of the earlier EAs I believe.

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
is it already being backtested ? how its winning percentage ?

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
No it's not. In my opinion, Phantom6_01 found at post #1 is the most promising version. All I did was take that and add MetaCoder's new lot size code from post #1709.

Follow MetaCoder for the latest releases, not me.

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Phantom6_02 is available in the first post of this thread.  It might have bugs but I'll correct anything reported by testers.

Here is the description of the system:

The same 6 pairs are used.

Lot sizes are not all the same for every currency pair.  They are calculated to provide a well-behaved hedge.  The hedge isn't perfect because poor lot size granularity doesn't allow for perfect hedging, just well-behaved hedging.  NOTE: With this system, the hedging benefit is not there initially, because trades get added one at a time.

Initially, phantom-buy the phantom buy group of pairs and phantom-sell the phantom sell group of pairs.

When the phantom trades become all winners or all losers within their designated groups, close the biggest losing trade (if any) and add a trade to the biggest winning phantom pair among the six pairs.

Close all when current equity exceeds 1% of last flat equity.

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
I don't like excessive trimming.

Phantom6_02a has the condition MathAbs(BiggestLoserPL) >= 0.5 * BiggestWinnerPL to filter out the trims that occur shortly after a phantom reset in the midst of strong action that quickly groups the two sets of phantoms pairs on opposite sides.

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Version 03 adds a trade to the biggest winning phantom pair among the six pairs, and it also adds a trade to the biggest losing phantom pair in the opposite direction of the phantom.  This way, we will catch the biggest runner with one of these two trades, understanding that we are identifying the biggest runner at the moment of opposing consolidation of the two sides of the phantom trades.

Trimming of the biggest loser also occurs, as long as its loss is at least half of the biggest winner's magnitude, just as with version 02a.

There is no logic in place to prevent multiple trades being opened on the same pair.  However, there is logic to prevent attempts to open opposite-direction trades on the same pair, because this is not allowed by brokers.

The EA is new as of this writing, not yet tested by me or anyone else.

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
Version 03a: Same as 03 but it only allows a trade to be opened if no trade already exists for that pair.

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
In summary, 03 and 03a are meant to catch big runners on both sides of the hedge.

Trades can be opened in either direction on both sides of the hedge, NOT just in the directions indicated by the phantom trades.

Version 03 will let multiple trades to be opened in the same direction on a pair.

Version 03a will only let a trade to be opened on a pair if there are no trades open for it.

Both versions will trim the biggest loser if its loss is at least half of the biggest winner's magnitude.

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Ok, will start trialling v03a from Sunday market open.

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
Thanks for trying the stuff out, danjuma!

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
U r most welcome sir.

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
More detail on Phantom6_03a:

It seems we would want the EA to be free to take either direction on any pair in the basket.

Why limit ourselves to one trade per pair?  The main idea there is to keep our margin usage under control.

The basket will seldom or never exhibit a perfect hedge, or even a well behaved hedge.  However, the framework of pair selection and tactics, I hope, provides for the possibility of reasonable balance.

I believe firmly in cutting losers short, but feel just as strongly that overtrimming is to be avoided.  This is built in, as well.

So let's see how it does.  Let's first make sure the EA is behaves per the intended strategy, and then address whether the strategy needs rethinking.

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
MetaCoder.. Its gr8 to see you after long time.

Now.. I stopped trying your EAs.

But i use similar system which works with only two pairs EUR/USD and USD/CHF in the same manner as phantom.

I dont track too much systems here bcos people start their threads and keep on updating their system every now n then.

No firm results.. nothing else... Just a waste of time.

TC.

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
Can you, please, post the ".set" file you are going to use? I can start a new demo account with same parameters for comparing our results.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
Hi achab, I have not set this up yet as I still need to get my head around how the EA works in terms balance, equity, margin etc before I can understand the settings.

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
Balance, equity and margin are independent of any EA.

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
Thanks. Is there any update?

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
Has anyone used it for a few months and can you please share your results, I used it for last 4-5 days and am up 3%...

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
Hi FarrukhAzim,

good morning. It's hard to maintain in memory so much information after so long time: could you, please, specify which system are you trading with? The best is to post EA and file ".set".

Have a nice day.

/achab

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
I am using Phantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4  given in post 1516.

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
Hello guys the topics did not gets mutch updated . Are you all using the Synthetic hedges ?


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Phantom6_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/569923?d=1288310222
Phantom6_01a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/569925?d=1288310222
Phantom_AddSix_02a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/572437?d=1288714269
Phantom6_01x.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/576750?d=1289337776
Phantom6_02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1268754?d=1378422999
Phantom6_02a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1269690?d=1378571162
Phantom6_03.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1269691?d=1378571176
Phantom6_03a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1269693?d=1378571192
Phantom6_04.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1269694?d=1378571208
Phantom_AddSix_02a (close).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/575139?d=1289120352
Phantom.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/576539?d=1289322918
Phantom6 01X_IBFX.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/578372?d=1289512238
Phantom6 01X_1PIPFX.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/578373?d=1289512238
IBFX Phant6.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/579065?d=1289576965
Book1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/579226?d=1289602982
Phantom6 01X_1PIPFX.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/579840?d=1289769777
Phantom6 01X_IBFX.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/579841?d=1289769777
IBFX Phant6.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/581098?d=1289919206
Phantom_AddSix_02a Normal & Reversed.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/582183?d=1290033148
ziogioit-P06a.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/582200?d=1290035246
Phantom_AddSix_02a Normal & Reversed.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/582827?d=1290098118
IBFX Phant6.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/582944?d=1290109212
IBFX Phant6.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/583517?d=1290176852
Phantom 6 Testings Consolidation.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/584058?d=1290337494
IBFX Phant6.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/584369?d=1290397145
Phantom_AddSix_02a Normal & Reversed.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/584740?d=1290439361
dsdnov.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/585599?d=1290524777
ziogioit-P6_01a.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/586479?d=1290621397
Phantom6_01_xlm.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/587750?d=1290802170
Phantom6_01a_cl.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/587751?d=1290802170
TCFX-AddSix_03b_100-1_MMTU-0.6_PP-0.5.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/589964?d=1291170908
IBFX Phant6.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/592501?d=1291520847
P06_01a.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/593416?d=1291666059
Phantom6_01a_cl.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/594123?d=1291750149
TD_AddSix_03bx_500-1_MMTU-0.4_PP-1.0.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/595062?d=1291843457
TD_AddSix_03bx_500-1_MMTU-0.4_PP-1.0.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/595804?d=1291932052
Phantom6_01_x_CL_TH_PS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/596331?d=1292008125
Phantom6_01_x.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/596332?d=1292008125
TD_AddSix_03bx_500-1_MMTU-0.4_PP-1.0.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/596371?d=1292013631
TCFX-AddSix_03b_100-1_MMTU-0.6_PP-1.0.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/596372?d=1292013631
IBFX Phant6.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/596373?d=1292013676
IBFX AddSix.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/596374?d=1292013676
Phantom_AddSix_03bx.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/596447?d=1292039834
Ph_AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/596448?d=1292039834
Ph_AddSix_01x_CL_TH_PS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/596997?d=1292193040
Ph_AddSix_02ax_CL_TH_PS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/596998?d=1292193040
Ph_AddSix_02x_CL_TH_PS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/596999?d=1292193081
Ph_AddSix_03ax_CL_TH_PS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/597000?d=1292193081
Ph_AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/597001?d=1292193111
Ph_AddSix_03x_CL_TH_PS.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/597002?d=1292193111
IBFX AddSix.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/597835?d=1292302959
TD_AddSix_03bx_500-1_MMTU-.4_PP-1.0.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/597841?d=1292304215
TD_AddSix_03bx_500-1_MMTU-.4_PP-1.0.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/598562?d=1292379664
Ph_AddSix_02x_CL_TH_PS_Symbol.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/600355?d=1292575852
Ph_AddSix_03bx_CL_TH_PS_Symbol.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/601235?d=1292754476
IBFX AddSix.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/603979?d=1293165021
TD_AddSix_03bx_500-1_MMTU-.4_PP-1.0.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/603984?d=1293166204
IBFX AddSix.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/606420?d=1293677983
IBFX AddSix.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/611708?d=1294339499
IBFX Phant6.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/616665?d=1294949466
Phantom6_01x_A.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/623571?d=1295809254
Phantom6_01_x_CL_TH_PS_BAL2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/623731?d=1295838283
DetailedStatement.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/624445?d=1295904237
Phantom6_01xR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/624882?d=1295949285
phantom6_01xr-setup_01.set.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/625336?d=1295971549
Phantom6_01xR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/625843?d=1296030612
Phantom6_01.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/625934?d=1296036819
Phantom6_01xR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/626267?d=1296055912
IBFX AddSix.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/628303?d=1296248577
Phantom6_01xR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/628500?d=1296303660
TD_Phan6_01xR.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/629566?d=1296495078
Ph_AddSix_02ax_CL_TH_PS_achab.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/629750?d=1296519170
IBFX - Quick Scripts.mqh: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/630008?d=1296555019
TD_Phan6_01xR.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/630410?d=1296592553
Phantom6_01xR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/630623?d=1296624092
TD_Phan6_01xR.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/632033?d=1296761177
DetailedStatement.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/632380?d=1296806720
Phantom_AddSix_02a-mirror.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/633868?d=1297057754
Phantom6_01xR_setup-thorn.set.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/634974?d=1297171136
ResultChart_VPS-daily.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/636635?d=1297329987
ResultChart_VPS-each_order_close.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/636636?d=1297329987
ResultChart_PC-daily.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/636637?d=1297330011
ResultChart_PC-each_order_close.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/636638?d=1297330011
TadawulFX 500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/637461?d=1297396371
Phantom6_01xR.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/638004?d=1297437617
DetailedStatement.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/638237?d=1297453637
TadawulFX 500-1.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/638714?d=1297576337
Phantom6_01DD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/640161?d=1297738842
Phantom6_01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/641436?d=1297844150
Phantom6_01DD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/644198?d=1298084337
Phantom6_01DD.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/655997?d=1299547508
Phantom_AddSix_02a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/660145?d=1300048067
Phantom6_01_x_CL_TH_PS_BAL2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/660171?d=1300051094
Phantom6_01xR -v4 -3 baskets.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/660515?d=1300097313
Phantom6_01xR -v4 -3 baskets.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/660899?d=1300133243
Phantom6_01xR -v4 -3 baskets.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/660901?d=1300133368
Phantom6_01xR -withTH_GN.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/663979?d=1300473138
test 23.set.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/664344?d=1300610684
HistoryBuilder.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/664787?d=1300699742
Equity_bal_tracker.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/668227?d=1301152589
Phantom6_01.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/669463?d=1301351179
Phantom_AddSix_02a.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/669464?d=1301351179
Phantom_AddSix_02a_0.1c.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/669385?d=1301343037
Equity_bal_tracker.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/669642?d=1301381954
Equity_bal_tracker.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/671415?d=1301560004
Phantom_AddSix_03.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/672245?d=1301638848
Phantom_AddSix_03b_0.4.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/672730?d=1301673891
statement.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/673126?d=1301793611
statement.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/673133?d=1301794141
Bal_Eq_Ind.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/673399?d=1301860959
Phantom_AddSix_4.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/674391?d=1301992642
Phantom_AddSix_4.0.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/676836?d=1302252149
Phantom_Add_8.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/677519?d=1302406551
Phantom_22_big_loser.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/677520?d=1302406551
Phantom_AddSix_4.0.2_BL.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/677728?d=1302471605
Simple Basket Close v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/677966?d=1302507679
Phantom_AddSix_4.0.3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/678883?d=1302612874
Test_1.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/680974?d=1302861814
Phantom_AddSix_5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/683337?d=1303275093
Phantom_AddSix_5.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/684844?d=1303447806
DetailedStatement(18.04-22.04).xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/685057?d=1303493251
Phantom_AddSix_5.1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/685143?d=1303535067
Phantom_AddSix_5.1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/685443?d=1303675298
tst.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/694636?d=1304915627
Phantom6_01a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/695757?d=1305024783
Phantom6_01a.V2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/762922?d=1313319118
Phantom_AddSix_5.1.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/763484?d=1313403489
GoLive.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/783905?d=1315882124
phantom6_01x-setup01.set.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/793612?d=1317050878
phantom_demo_setting.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/794479?d=1317134091
Phantom6_01_MC_SetLotSize.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1268546?d=1378399062
