===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Important notes:

1. We updated the rAlgo Pivot EA SuperCharged EA to v1.1 on 8 Feb 2022! you can get the latest version here (please read the two README files before you start).

2. Please join our Telegram group so you can get the most out of this EA through our community chat group.

3. You should stop using v0.84 of the EA, please upgrade to v1.1 as it contains many bug fixes.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Good day to you, earnest traders, thank you for dropping by this thread!

This thread is about developing the rAlgo Pivot Trading Expert Advisor on MT4, I started coding the rAlgo Pivot EA back in April 2018, based on the pivot trading strategy shared by Davit on Forex Factory. However since then Davit's methodology has evolved, so has rAlgo Pivot EA in our own direction, even though the two methodologies have their roots centering on Weekly Fibonacci Pivots, however the entries and exit strategies are now different.

As you know there are both advantages and disadvantages of Manual vs. Automated trading systems, so I am not going to elaborate further. Davit's system is a manual one. You can find Davit's thread at https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=588764 -- If you don't know anything about Pivot Trading, please read Davit's thread and learn the basics from there.

As mentioned, rAlgo Pivot EA was developed in April 2018, the first release was v0.5, the latest version is v0.8.4 (Mar 2019), from the version number you can see that from the version number, rAlgo Pivot EA is still in beta stage, as I am still testing and fine-tuning the algorithms. Even though it's still in beta development, the trading results reported by many of our FF members in this thread shows that the EA is already generating profits, this is very encouraging to us all, still you should trade at your own risk and discretion.

To get organized, I have teamed up with WindChaser to grow this project together, I will focus on EA development while WindChaser will help manage this thread, look after administrative tasks (feedback/feature requests/bug reporting etc), general support and liaison matters. Thank you WindChaser for your contribution!

(Tidbit: WindChaser and I are both IT Professionals, he is based in Singapore while I am based in Jakarta)

I invite you to not just read through the thread, but actively contribute your comments/ideas/bugs/results so we can improve the rAlgo Pivot EA.

WARNING! Read this carefully:
1. I am the creator of rAlgo Pivot EA, the EA is FREE but it's NOT open-source.
2. I added EA protection to prevent unethical traders from selling the rAlgo Pivot EA, so I collecting account information via MT4 WebRequests. If I found someone selling my EA or doing something that causes damage to me or other people, I will shut down the EA for that account.
3. If you are not comfortable with Point #2, you should stop using rAlgo Pivot EA immediately.

rPT-EA Releases (and instructions on how to setup the rAlgo Pivot EA included in the links below):
20180607: v0.51 released.
20180711: v0.6 released with improvements.
20180718: v0.7 released.
20190121: v0.8.1 released.
20190305: v0.84 released.
20211226: v1.0 released.
20220208: v1.1! Please join our Telegram group to start.

FAQ:

1. Why did you start this thread?
To give back, and the good FF community can come together to build an awesome EA.

2. What are the best pairs to trade, best TimeFrame and the best set files?
For now you can forward test the rAlgo Pivot EA on major pairs (on demo or CENT accounts), so far the best TF is H1, use the default settings for now.

3. Can I backtest the EA?
Yes you can!

4. Backtesting is pointless and useless, and I suspect the results you shared are fake.
We do not want to debate on whether backtesting is useful or useless, you can decide. And sure, we understand you should not trust everything you read online, so the advice is for you to download the EA and put it on a DEMO account to forward test it. You be the judge.

5. Why the EA does not seem to work with my US brokerage account which requires FIFO trading?
The rAlgo Pivot EA is not compliant with US FIFO trading, so we cannot guarantee if it works/not work, you will have to figure it out. We have other pressing priorities and do not have plans to achieve FIFO compliance in the near term.

6. How can I get more support or contribute to this project?
a. You can continue to post comments/idea/bugs/results here in this thread
b. You can join the Telegram group to chat with other like-minded traders who are also testing the rAlgo Pivot EA
c. You can email support@ralgo-ea.com to reach both WindChaser and I

Green pips to all,

akangaziz & WindChaser

--- 帖子 #2 ---
AUDCHF at R38 now
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #3 ---
AUDCAD  at R100- R78
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #4 ---
NZDCHF at R61. I know it's too risky here. but let see the final result later. I don't know if I need additional entry filter or not if a big bull candle is come-up exactly before the SELL signal appears.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #5 ---
GBPAUD taking at S78 rejection

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #6 ---
USDCHF, last week trade, it was in resistance line.

earn 100 pips cumulative profit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #7 ---
great effort!

--- 帖子 #8 ---
AUDNZD, last week's trade. close all trade on the same day with 100 pips cumulative profit.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the original idea of creating this EA is to build EA that can be running at any broker and holding the position in less then 1 day.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
nice. i'm using pivot also...but manually

--- 帖子 #10 ---
thanks!

--- 帖子 #11 ---
great. how was the result so far with manual trading?

--- 帖子 #12 ---
manual very great result bro. i think you have to recalculate the order. the good oppotunity in the right zone S/R78-100.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
noted.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Nice system. FYI putting files into sinsin executable file may put users off from downloading. Most people are suspicious of executables.  It's not difficult to install manually. You'll probably get more downloads... Just my two cents.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
EA auto close trades for AUDCHF  with 100 pips profit. mama said don't greedy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #16 ---
another 100 pips profit from EURNZD today

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #17 ---
green pips from GBPAUD today, trades  at S78 line. 100 pips earned! still have space for the price to going up till S78, but as mama said, don't be greedy!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #18 ---
If you will keep that TE up and running open will be great.only like this the potential or no potential (some bad orders) on the way can be seen.and if ... IF that EA will blow up the account you can always start new TE named as next new try with new improvements added in the code.

having all old TE's up visible even all wiped accounts or bad DD (if they will be) can show clear EA performance with every new improvement step.and so you and of course others can see clear how EA gain potential with every new addition from first TE test to the last one updated.

cheers!

--- 帖子 #19 ---
EURAUD earn 100 pips this morning.

and continue to open another trades since the signal is still valid. do I need to limit the trades to only 1 signal per pivot line? currently, EA (expert advisor) will open trades in the same pivot if all required condition is met. ok, let see..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #20 ---
noted. thanks

--- 帖子 #21 ---
make sense. the idea is to show the transparency of trading history.  good input, @Husky77 !

--- 帖子 #22 ---
i think you can make that option customizable,from 1 to.... how much orders user want.I see good thing to split one bigger lot in more little ones and trigger when conditions meet.

for example my margin allow me to risk 0.1 lot on every pair.so i will choose 10 orders of 0.01 (add to trade/build up positions)to be triggered when condition meet for that pair. or not and i just set one single 0.1 lot at level condtion,entry tp and bye bye.wait for next.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
EURJPY contribute another 100 pips yesterday!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #24 ---
This looks interesting hahahaha

Can you post the backtest results over a 10 years period using 3 pips of spread ?

--- 帖子 #25 ---
GBPJPY gives 200 pips yesterday and this early morning!

--- 帖子 #26 ---
you know mt4 backtester is really useless right? ohh you dont cos you just requested that. the best thing to test real market conditions (closed to real market condition) is demo testing with market open. backtest = 0

i hope you dont let EA's run on your account based on mt4 backtester useless results ...

--- 帖子 #27 ---
AUDCAD backtest from 2017 until April this year. default setting, initial deposit is 1000 USD, lot 0.01.

I need to upgrade my vps storage to get full 5 or 10 years backtesting data.

right now I only use 300 GB storage vps with 12 GB ram in https://contabo.com/?show=vps, spent 9 EUR for vps + 6 EUR for windows license every month.

my backtesting tools are:

1. Tickstory (1 time pay for the license)

2. contabo VPS (monthly subscription).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #28 ---
it's very possible, but my vps doesn't have sufficient storage.

if you subscribe  vps from  https://contabo.com/?show=vps  (the highest storage), I can use your vps for backtesting.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Yes @Husky77, I'm thinking the same idea

--- 帖子 #30 ---
good luck with your project

will keep watching

--- 帖子 #31 ---
fresh from the oven. CADJPY just give us 100 pips! and it opens another trade because the signal still valid.  let see for the next few hour!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #32 ---
hmmmm no more intersting, sorry

backtesting with 3 pips of spread over a 10 years period is enough to see if it works or not.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Anyway good work, we'll see how it performs on demo.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Hello,

this is brilliant! Good on you! I look forward to using this EA. I was also kicked out by Davit, for correcting his English! Anyway, an EA is great for following rules, and I like it!

--- 帖子 #35 ---
fresh from the oven, AUDJPY at R38.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
haha, no wonder. we have the same experience in the original thread.

but again, we should say BIG THANKS to Davit for his great work! I have no personal issue with him.

I'm happy to contribute from any thread, any forum. stay in positive mind, learn anywhere, everywhere!

--- 帖子 #37 ---
sure , wish me luck!

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Here did you mean the trade opened at S100 and coul've gone to S78?

--- 帖子 #39 ---
not really fresh from the oven, but still in a valid range, start initial trade 1 hour ago.

I see the possibility for EURNZD to become the next contributor for our green pips today! let see for the next few hour!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #40 ---
I agree, but he uses fundamentals as well,and that is a difficult one to know. I personally like your EA, and I have a question. say you have one trade triggered, like today long on GA. when do does the EA go the other way - only after the trade is closed?

--- 帖子 #41 ---
it was opened at S78 and closed in the area between S78 and S61 with 100 pips earned! still possible to go for S78, but as mama said, market is unpredictable. stay safe. for me, 100 pips are enough.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Hi,  good caught! the fundamental part (news filter) is my homework for this EA. it's on my list for next feature after the entry & exit rule is firmed.

if EA open a trade let say at S78 like in GA today, EA will not open another trade with different position. EA will always support existing trade by adding volume after x pips is reached. the default setting is every 5 pips, EA will add another volume.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Akangazia,

I worked out from your trading report that your win ratio is 75%, and your profit/loss factor is 1.73 to 1. Very good.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
What do you mean, still possible to go for

S78 - you mean antoher position?

--- 帖子 #45 ---
I'm watching this now. NZDUSD can't break R138, hopefully

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Maybe it's just a coincidence.

basically, it's 75% win ratio from statistic view,  but it's 100% win ratio from EA view . because in each pair, EA will handle all opened position as a single order and added more volume every 5 pips distance (adjustable from setting), once trade reached 100 pips profit, EA will close all position for that pair.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
20 minutes after I posted the pictures above, EURNZD give me another 100 pips profit today! as expected.

Final chart, all position is clear!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

100 pips profit!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #48 ---
I will far from my laptop for the next 3-4 hours, preparing for Iftar & Taraweeh.

Happy iftar to all Muslims who’ve been fasting all over the world, esp in Southeast Asia,  iftar time is coming..

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Have happy festivities!!!1

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Looks like N/J is in the zone, and satisfying the requirements of the EA! Thank you.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Hi akangaziz,

I just discover Davit thread a few days ago... and I was already thinking about implementing an EA, because I love the idea behind (supdem + fibo).

Do you plan to share the source code, I would love to contribute to improvements and/or testing. Unless I should start from scratch my own implementation (using an existing framework...) :-(

I kwow there are plenty of calendar avaliable to retreive news, but I already made my own several year ago, I can help on the news filter and probably on many other features...

Regards,

--- 帖子 #52 ---
subscribed.

Good luck,

renko

--- 帖子 #53 ---
... calendar avaliable to retreive news ...

very useful and space saving, thanks
all the best for this thread

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hi akangaziz,

Thank you for sharing the EA.

Cheers,

--- 帖子 #55 ---
I can't wait for Ea...

Have you seen PIN for EAX dashboard from great Jagzuk in https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...730416&page=34 ??

Pin are perfect, Dasboard is a really a great tool but unfortunately money managemet section is not so suitable for Davit system... ..

Thanks

Regards

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Hey Akangaziz,

I love your work, I think you're onto something! Following the tread.

If you need testers on demo give me a shout, I have VPS available.

Cheers

Osy

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Hi

Is the EA available for testing?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Interesting. Great effort. Following

--- 帖子 #59 ---
wow. almost 2000 green pips today!

--- 帖子 #60 ---
perfect landing for NZDUSD. 100 pips earned!

final chart: all position is clear!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

another 100 pips profit today!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #61 ---
If you follow my posting before about EURNZD. You must be in green pips now!

all position is closed. cumulative profit 100 pips!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ouch! 100 pips from EURNZD today!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Looks the EA has a good Logic,, Congrats Bro

--- 帖子 #63 ---
If you follow my posting before, I posted about AUDJPY. and now, it's closed with 100 pips green profit!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

100 pips! clear position.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Excellent Job!! can we have this EA for testing?

--- 帖子 #65 ---
green pips from AUDUSD!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

another 100 pips earned!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #66 ---
yes, some trades are still open. the previous cycle already closed with 100 pips profit.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
say hello to USDJPY. finally can finish his sprint today!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ouch! green pips again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #68 ---
I take this as a bug. somehow EA open trade at the main pivot line, not at support & resistance area.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
perfect bullish from gold. can't break S38!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

gold is finished strong!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

price still going up after EA close the trades. but again, as mama said. don't be greedy! a hundred pips are enough.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
AUDCAD. the 1st cycle is done with 100 pips profit! the next cycle is on progress.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

few hundred pips from 1st cycle!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #71 ---
AUDCHF can't break R38! another 100 pips today!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

100 pips profit!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

price now on main pivot line!

--- 帖子 #72 ---
CADJPY finished its sprint!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

finish strong!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Akangaziz,

I definitly do not have same pivot and fibo levels across several pairs, what broker are you using?

Would you mind sharing/posting indicators and template?

regards,

--- 帖子 #74 ---
CHFJPY have 2 cycles this week. all cycle ended-up with green pips!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ouch! how much pips from CHFJPY? u count it by urself.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #75 ---
EURAUD is rejected from S78!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ouch! another green pips today!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #76 ---
If u ask me why only need to take 100 pips? maybe this chart can answer that question.

100 pips at H4 timeframe is a safe cumulative pips target.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

imagine if u set target into 200 pips, u will get burn now!

another hundred pips from EURCAD!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

50-100 pips is enough, brother!

--- 帖子 #77 ---
GBPAUD can't break S78!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

another 100 green pips!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #78 ---
I am sure fundamentals have not changed last 10yrs! Many brexits,Greek crises,Russian invasion of Crimea,Syria,Iraq and sanctions/unsanctions on Iran etc

10yr data is useless.

In my opinion real trading is discretionary.EA can't factor lot of things. Demo results are not the same as real when you got real hard earned cash at stake.Not saying can't be done but my system is more then pivot levels.

Good luck and furthermore I am always surprised guys looking for shortcuts... Guys like Strat,CNtrader,Mr Pip,Scott some top traders don't use EA's.There is a reason why.

regards

--- 帖子 #79 ---
NZDCHF can't break R61! it's very beautiful to see it follow pivot line, rejected from R61.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

another 100 pips today!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #80 ---
NZDJPY rejected from R61!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

again, another green pips today.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #81 ---
i like the way you do it.is VERY early yes but even so you must consider that just posting pips screenshots with the plan to make people here to beg you and full your PM  with requests,and to get undercover deals and ...who knows maybe tricks,doesnt look good at all.you will not be the first one then with a very short journey here.

my friendly advice is to not share the code working or not EA,why? because scammers are watching and you may have surprise to see it for sell under diff name on diff place.

second , make clear your intention and dont let people who have questions with their questions ... in the air.so they will be forced to go in pm for all kind of deals.that kind of behaviour will lead you ,you know in what zone.

overall? is simple,be transparent,be honest.YES  you may want put a price on your work ,fully agree.but till then dont ruin your thread with suspense.

best regards.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
the result so far:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

you can check the detail from my trade explorer or my mql5 link.

one important think about testing on demo account is highly possible to have similar performance with real account with some condition:

1. backtest is 100% same with the real result (no matter demo or real account)

2. it's not trade in second, hard for the demo account to catch-up with the real account if trading is scalping in second like news trading, arbitrage, etc.

what I'm going to say is:

1. u develop ur main system in demo account for forward testing.

2. once entry & exit logic is firmed, and backtest is exactly the same with forward testing. then u can start with real account.

3. be optimistic, but keep smart.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
just keep watching this thread..

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Hey, say thanks to Davit. not to me

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Hi, basically I use the same version from the original thread. You can find the answer from the original thread.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Hey, u can create ur own thread. hopefully, u can find EA dev to help u automate the system. good luck, mate!

--- 帖子 #87 ---
thanks. not much people willing to help here. appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
You could trade with EA'S but you would need more than one, one for range one for trend, and so on. there is no way it can think like a human brain.

if it could it Goldman's would have it.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Awesome EA. Keep it up!

--- 帖子 #90 ---
@akangaziz- question: what is your Intention to run this thread? I saw the really good Performance for the ea...

Do you want to collect experience from FF- members and do coding, then selling the ea....?

A few months ago, there was a member "pipbeastfx" (revoked in the meantime) and he did this: collected experience, coding... and then he made a WhatsApp Group. This is something the world doesn' t Need.

Let me know,

renko

--- 帖子 #91 ---
And I was one of this f.cking WhatsApp Group. But we German say "lesson learnt".

Auf deutsch: mach den gleichen "Scheiß" nicht zweimal...

Viele Grüße,

renko

--- 帖子 #92 ---
He said "I will share asap, the problem is I need to merge the indicator, template & EA itself into 1 single executable files. so you can pick it easier and install in your vps/computer with the easiest way. I plan to release this EA for free in this forum around this month."

I'm new to PT so I know absolutely nothing, but I see the entry rules are pretty clear (what about the exit rules ? ), just learn some programming.

EDIT: maybe a bit too hard to code.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
I know that you look at the fundamentals, I remember your old posts

but I'm sure that the technicals alone work in the long term, why not keeping an open mind ?

I too have always been skeptical about non-trend following systems.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
You were removed because you asked simple questions that was clearly explained in the first page/post. Trading pivots is an advanced trading technique that requires experience.

As far as your ea, it appears you are relying more on TDI crosses then valid SR pivot levels. That has little to do with Davits system.

Anyways, best of luck on your endeavor.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Good Luck man nyc trying and EA have very good result. thanks and waiting your Great EA.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Hi akangaziz,

First, very good job with the coding trade logic in your expert advisor. CONGRATULATIONS!

The technical strategy is not new and has been around for 20 years. many Experts Advisors are available online, some free and some are commercial products.  There are similar trading strategies based on the use of the various different versions of Pivots and the derived S&R levels.

Example link below is one that use the Standard Weekly Pivot and trade the reversal at define levels R1 and S1 for example and averaging down.

This one uses the JMO indicator which is an oscillator. Others use Stochastics, MACD, etc. as secondary filter to pick the reversals.

https://www.forexstrategiesresources...rading-system/

With your coding skills, I am sure you can make variations without the use of the TDI.

I am sure many traders would be interested to diversify their trading and trade with an EA in addition to their usual manual trading.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #97 ---
IMO this kind of system performs well in ranging markets, I would not use it in the long term, just for fun.

problem is you need $1k to start, so you need a cent acc

--- 帖子 #98 ---
@akangaziz good work and keep it up. could you please help me with setting up my pivots, mine seems to be off the mark. I could not ask this in Davits thread on fear of being thrown out. my broker time zone is GMT-4.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
ti nickname na .... kumaha damang juragan ? hade uy performance nya ... cik di gabung jeung indi abdi ( aya di halaman hiji ), mirip mirip teu uy  kalakuan praise eksion na mang ?

hatur nuhun sa teu acana bray....

--- 帖子 #100 ---
"Trading pivots is an advanced trading technique that requires experience." - What you said is Horse Shit ! Why don't you and DavIT followers learn from this thread and put your floating losses available to your readers? Complete bunch of swines hiding behind fancy looking 'partial' balance curves and not showing your floating losses. Your idiot pivot guru banned me also by saying a 100% fact here that no one had the balls to deny.

My suggestion to OP - focus on ROMAD of atleasr 2+ and you will do just fine. Ignore all the idiots including the biggest idiot who is burning in hell seeing what you were able to do in few months.... but be transparent and true with your intentions as Husky77 raised in post 81. Nothing wrong with not sharing EA with others... I know I would never do that myself. Apart from that, kudos was putting a TE and hopefully putting DavIT out of business of chit chatting and his followers liking his idiotic "paid mortgage with my profits" type performance posts.

Good Luck bro. I am sure more idiots will see this post and throw shit on me but no worries, I handled them all via their nasty PMs and I can handle them here and elsewhere. Facts are Facts and no one has yet to deny or challenge what I posted in that thread !

--- 帖子 #101 ---
And to all the pivotfactory idiots who are blinded by their Guru's "performance" and dreaming of paying their mortgage from FX Profits... this guy's account is ONLY 7 days old and he has already made 44% in just 7 days... not some shitty 10% monthly target like DavIT. I can do 100% every week on a $1000 account size with 400:1 leverage.  Last month, I did 1200% in realized profits but that means shit if you are running a hidden floating loss of 70% without anyone knowing about it.

To all the DavIT followers coming here in search for Holy Grail - DEMAND transparency from your Guru or quit following him !  You will thank me one day when most of your realized profits will be wiped clean by floating losses.  You WILL ask yourselves... What the F*CK just happened to my account which was in profit for sooooo long! All your hard work of staring at floating loss thru weekends will go up in flames.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
idiot. show your trade....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Look at my past posts here

--- 帖子 #104 ---
VEEFX prove it if you have better system. you talking too much

--- 帖子 #105 ---
and here... bring it on. I can handle you "Pivotic" idiots in my sleep.

--- 帖子 #106 ---
fake!!! built thread and show your trade. dong talk bullshit

--- 帖子 #107 ---
and here "general lee"... might want to hire one of your soldiers to look up my posts.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
keep present and open mind

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Exactly, you guys are a lost cause under the spell "adding to losers and waiting for days and weeks" syndrome... you guys are clueless what is happening to you... until it happens.

My apologies to the OP.  I am outta here.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Here's my lesson of the day for pivot traders... if you do desire to add to losers, add it in a responsible manner by reading and understanding this post and ask yourself how is VEEFX adding positions at reduced risk every time.... the more positions I add, the risk is ACTUALLY going down via diversification across many pairs and timeframes.... because the position size is also going down... because the used margin is going up ... because the available margin is going down....

THERE is just no way possible to plan this in advance like DavIT does.. by looking at the calendar of events and shit like that. One idiot will fart and move the market 100 pips and then you all can ask "where can I see the fart on my ForexFactory calendar? I am calling you guys idiots for your own good because there will ALWAYS be a idiot trader within us doing stupid shit fooling us, trying to convince us... believe me.... this happens to everyone.... those who have emotionally responded to my posts openly and via PM will never succeed unless they realize and capture and train the idiot in you.

Go back to school and understand how a leverage account works. how margin is depleted by every "planned in advance" addition to your floating losers. I repeat... trading this way manually is a complete disaster waiting to happen. trading this way across multiple pairs is a absolutely certainly for blown accounts. It will happen SOO fast, you all (especially noobs!) will be left holding your arse in your hands staring at the screen thinking "what should I do next?" "Where the f*ck did DavIT disappear when I need his emotional and feel-good support to feed my wife and kids" etc etc.

I AM ON YOUR SIDE !

--- 帖子 #111 ---
David's winning formula - When any pair crossed up or down from those so called crucial pivot lines just hit the buy or sell as though there is no tomorrow. And there you have it, hundred of pips. Post those that won and dump those failure.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
I will not say this davit pivot way is such an advanced scheme as rules are very clear and kinda basic.with a bit more experience than basic you can get it on manual.during my watch on charts i see not always all those levels are respected for reversal.i am a PA trader and if my charts show me one currency or one pair get strength right on 61 or 100 then i go easy against any rule anyone can claim on any thread,and thats because i trade my wayand works for me.

davit pivots is not bad at all as you have enough chances to spot one good entry place,if you get in DD then add to trade...mmm ok.

to conclude i think even if manual is not such complex i do belive will be a bit harder to automate this,but i will watch here just cos i am very curios.

you guys must cheer up here ,i see some got booted out from davit thread very easy,not a reason to get angry at all.come back to your senses cos if youre a trader and you get angry very easy for such reason then i dont want to know how you react when you get slap in the face with serious DD from the market.calm calm calm and try to not give a f...k for non serious matters.in the end ... everyone is right in his own way.

and most important let's let this thread clean as this guy who started have a plan,let's respect him a bit more and watch what he will achieve.

cheer up

--- 帖子 #113 ---
He does talk too much, and most of it gibberish nonsense. He says "stay away from forums" and yet here he is. He even self exiled himself from FF, only to return a few days later.

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Says the guy who's been struggling at trading since 2006.

¯\_(ツ)_/¯

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Seriously VEEFX, I first came across you just a couple of weeks ago and looked at where you traded from "Vatican City" ... looking for divine intervention were you? ... now its "Monaco" and since then I have read you say "I'm outta here" or "head back in my cove" or similar at least 17 times ... on Davits thread, on Copernicus thread and more see, Post 3932 as an example and that was in May.

Mate, that is 17 times you have changed your mind in just a few weeks on just ONE decision ... how can it be possible that a "self -proclaimed extraordinary trader" can change your mind so often and still claim to be be successful and here you are yet again?

Suggestion, please ... take it or leave it ... make a decision and stick with it ... leave for good ... the probability of 100% satisfaction is guaranteed ... from people here and for yourself.

PS ... I have seen your published results with your magical systems that you delete after 24 hours because it is a "secret" and well  ... yea mate, IMO time for back to the cave for more study .... or maybe permanently, but you wont be able to do it ... you will be back here ... you need to be here ... it is your drug ... you should seek help as you have serious issues ... just some friendly advice ... good luck!

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Totally agree, i have a ton of PM's from him, mostly gibberish. He even admits that people shouldn't listen to him:

Why he keeps talking is a mystery to me.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
The old adage "bullshit baffles brains" springs to mind...

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Maybe a case of ignorance is bliss ...  ... maybe everyone should just ignore him because I think his "mind" just thrives on the attention and that is why he keeps coming back ... maybe he thinks he is Arnold Schwarzenegger (I'll be back) ... he sure is an actor ... note I did not say performer ... but don't think VEEFX changing his mind so often would bring California back from the brink of bankruptcy ... guess we will have to wait for the next gems from the cave ... or NOT ... hopefully.

Anyway ... Davit's discretionary system works ... there is plenty of independent proof

--- 帖子 #119 ---
-------7

- - - ayo makan petjil oelek pedis ,anak betul

--- 帖子 #120 ---
i dont agree on all he wrote @ ff = this here i like tho

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Hi guys,

I'm back. what a busy day.

Pls stop blaming & fighting each other. u need focus to your trading, put ur energy into ur work, ur masterpiece.

I have no problem with any single user in FF here.

ok back to trading. so today, as u see in my trade explorer, we have a floating  pips because of some pair open new cycle in the wrong pivot line. I already mentioned this bug yesterday, but still no time to fix it. I will update the EA this week (not sure which day )

fyi, today we got only 4-5 cycles from several pairs. equal to 400-500 pips profit!

--- 帖子 #122 ---
ari maneh timana. parangsa aing hungkul di dieu nu sunda teh. loba jelema gelo horengan di forum ieu teh. kudu pinter2 fokus urangna, lamun teu bisa katarik ka hal2 negatif.

mantap lah mun aya batur di dieu.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
EURCAD quick win 100 pips today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #124 ---
GBPCAD strong win! fall from R61.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #125 ---
some floating from CHFJPY from yesterday cycle is closing in profit today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #126 ---
AUDCAD can't break R100. and fall in love with pivot

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #127 ---
this is floating trades from EURJPY. root cause: wrong logic, it's opened trade in main pivot line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

imho, there's some room for EJ to reach R38 & R61. If failed to break R38/R61, it will fall.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Kang, saya baru pakai pivot davit 2 minggu, tp masih belum paham gmn cara entry nya, mohon bimbingannya kang, inggris saya jelek jd kurang paham

--- 帖子 #129 ---
@ akan_busuk = Jadi santun, ieu téh mangrupa Inggris diomongkeun Forum kitu nulis Inggris na teu mawa éra mun nagara anjeun !
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
i told him to B polite , that this is an English Forum = sooo write English and dont bring Shame to Ayo Indonesia Ayo !

--- 帖子 #130 ---
I would also like to test it, I have a VPS.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Hello,

I wonder if you have a Trade explorer for all to see.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
scroll up, u'll see it

--- 帖子 #133 ---
I have seen yours, I meant VEEFX.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Today DD as of now is 20% of the account..wow...that is an issue with this technique....DD that's never talked or shown on davit's thread.

VeeFX is mostly erratic but correct in the main points that he makes.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
To all the idiots@pivotfactory (except OP who I have high respect as I mentioned in my first post here),

- None of you have responded to the facts that I am raising!

- None of you have acknowledged the facts I have raised about this trading style

-None of you even understand what I said in my post that got me blocked

-None of you have discussed or agreed or disagreed with me why it is important to ignore balance curves when you have trades open that are either in profit or loss

- ALL of you are only focussed on me and my style, my arrogance, my performance blah blah

- Those who have interacted with me all came with personal attacks. Not one of you have investigated math or had a sane conversation about the issue I am raising for your own awareness and for the awareness of those who follow this strategy.

- OP is actually doing a great service by putting his TE. I bow to him with respect. You all will finally learnt from this thread what you will never learn from someone who has 1000s upon 1000s of posts and no evidence of any long term success. Just filtered balance curve performance charts.

- Crypto, the link on my shoutout to PipEasy thread states where I live in America. Bring your focus away from me and to the topic at hand. You will learn a thing or two from me and my recent posts. I am here only because of shitty strategies like these that have facilitated into repeat blown accounts. Look at my recent posts and you will know for how long I have been a blown account to stable to Breakeven to profitable phases. Read about my journey that I have openly shared through out this SwampFactory and stick to the facts I am raising.

OP- as I said, please continue to be transparent. Such a strategy should never be traded manually. I wish you success and hope this EA sheds the light on equity curve drops and not just straight upward going balance curves. I am very confident, at the end, you will be net positive if you have robust controls on "return over MaxDD" by getting out of losing trades while you are still ahead and don't wait for too long until they catch up with your balance curve. Good Luck bro. Keep an eye on equity curve and use balance curve only for guidance if you know what I mean.

Since I am now blocked from the second thread on Factory (which uses the same strategy from the first thread that I was blocked from), I have deleted all my posts from this thread to reduce clutter. Keeping this post as a VeeFX: Permanant Reminder to all those who are hell bent on embracing failure in the future. Time will tell.

OP- I hope you will keep the TE running as evidence! If TE stops or removed prior to significant drawdown (> 50%), it will only support everything I have said in this thread. You as a thread owner has a responsibility to enlighten all the followers beling misled by DavIT's fake performance screenshots in his thread. I wish you nothing but success with this EA and apologize for the distraction. I mean well for those who can understand my intensions.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
But where is the EA?

--- 帖子 #137 ---
It took me about 2.5 years to become consistently profitable. Here you are 12 years + and still getting run over.

The market needs people like you to fund my account,

--- 帖子 #138 ---
jelas mantap mas bro

--- 帖子 #139 ---
[quote=VEEFX;11140100]To all the idiots@pivotfactory (except OP who I have high respect as I mentioned in my first post here), - None of you have reaponded to the facts that I am raising! - None of you have acknowledged the facts I have raised about this trading style -None of you even understand what I said in my post that got me blocked -None of you have discussed or agreed or disagreed with me why it is important to ignoring balance curves when

I just told you, you are correct in points you make....but your rant is totally crazy..r u ok or you need help?

--- 帖子 #140 ---
" To all the idiots@pivotfactory (except OP" = hey m8 , u call me an idiot after i posted sumetin Nice  abt u - - - just kiddin m8

--- 帖子 #141 ---
If i'm still letting the market run me over after 12+ years, then i'd put a gun in my mouth.

Fortunately for me that hasn't happen.

--- 帖子 #142 ---
" Fortunately for me that hasn't happen. " = cuz u R just a stinkin stupid Demo_Freak  lol

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Davits system doesn't regard the R38 level as an ideal trade zone.

These are basically swing failure/mean reversion plays on the outer SR zones. Just be aware that price can smashes thru the 100 and keep going.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Cryptocurrency is a different domain with more predictable returns. Unless you buy and sell Bitcoin. The block-chains are difficult but anyone can exploit it with predictable results.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
can someone just ban or block  this pussy from this thread? you are such a noise maker.....

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Is this EA available to download?

--- 帖子 #147 ---
trading yg bener aja lo....baru komen

--- 帖子 #148 ---
and here people start throwing shit at each other...

--- 帖子 #149 ---
I've been observing some of you with your issues with one another arguing here in akangaziz's thread.

Please stop spoiling and derailing the thread guys, take your arguments elsewhere, this isn't the place.

Let the OP continue this thread without it getting spoiled.

--- 帖子 #150 ---
trust no one who post just mt4 screenshots (retail tools for retail fools) as a proof for "successfull trading".

--- 帖子 #151 ---
[quote=Davit;11140765]

Hi D,

do not be irritable. Most people on FF are a specific species. They are waiting for the Messiah who will come and give them holy grall. The Messiah gave HG and the chimps are screaming, stupid because they did not get the HG they are waiting for. These people are waiting for HG for idiots. HG for idiots should work like this. Press the green pop out banana. Press the red pop out alcohol.

There is no point in talking to them because the swamp is getting on.

From me you have respect for consistent and systematic work.

regards

--- 帖子 #152 ---
[quote=VEEFX;11140351

for the lack of your culture, thank your parents.

for lacking education, give yourself a snout

because you're an idiot, thank God.

the idiots live beautiful because they all enjoy them

--- 帖子 #153 ---
"but taking 10k account to 74k is not random MFER???"

Whatever issue you have with VEE, this kind of language is uncalled for...

Disappointed to see such behavior and inability to conduct a proper rebuttal from even high impact members...

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Interesting thread. Subscribed. I will read through Davit's thread for more details.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
gutter language is very common here. good to see there are some exceptions.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Sorry for your friend

--- 帖子 #157 ---
-------7

- - - he's gettin Much Needed Traffic to his stinkin Demo Crap = dont u C him smilin there in d corner

--- 帖子 #158 ---
-------7

--------------thank U , his Wife finally got his funds[what is Left] last wk - plenty $$$ went to d fukkin lawyer

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Since you seem to use pivots, care to weigh in on the pro's and cons of using them?

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #160 ---
deltaone seems to be utilizing pivots successfully. Look at previous post.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
since you have asked me in a polite manner, i might do so - after nyse close.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Please do, I think we all would appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Umm, I think you were the one dismissing the use of pivots. Even tho they are used, and have been used for decades by successful traders.

I want to hear deltaones views on them as he seems utilize them as well.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
now that nyse has closed, i´ll respond:

firstly, i use them for years with good outcome on average. you can take a look at one of my early posts in "carpe diem".

secondly, i know they are used in indices intraday-trading by insti traders.

thirdly, there are many crosses of daily pivots, not everyone is a winner. you need to add other criterias in order to be successful. plus prudent use of sl/tp for every single trade. but adding to losers is just increasing risk. this comes close to martingaling which will lead to heavy losses in the long run - this is a statistical well known fact.

i never said something against using pivots, feel free to show me one single post of mine within my thousands of live trade calls - how could i? this would be hypocritical.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Thank you. That was the response I was looking for.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
BS my friend, you have a clear history of being a FF thread "hit and run" artist.

You demand others to provide proof to you, as you fancy yourself as some kind "expert."

An expert you are clearly not.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Author probably got chased away by now but posting PMs in a public thread is a big no no. Do you guys not have a sense of etiquette?

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Hopefully year 13 will be the year you wont let the market run you over.

I seriously doubt it.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
as always with any viral thread

start good, build an audience, then die slowly after a while

who are you ppl

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Apologies to OP

Have a suggestion for you VEEFX ... I am happy to debate anything BUT I will not do it here or on any other thread unless it is YOUR thread.

I note that for all the time you have been of FF you post on other people's threads, your Profile does not show any threads unless you have made a request to have them closed ... possible but doubt it.

So instead of disrupting every other thread, start your own ... obviously call it whatever you like ... and then present your idea there as per any normal thread starter would and then allow others to visit for constructive comment/debate.

I am not interested in disrupting this or any other thread any further regarding your comments and unlike yourself when I say I wont, I don't ... further if you refuse to  open your own thread for discussion then that just proves 100% that one of your major motives is attention seeking and to disrupt other people's threads ... Sad but True ... Indisputable FACT!

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Well clearly I can see no one is respecting the OP's thread, and is using it for their own personal debates and arguments..

Sad...

--- 帖子 #172 ---
done. and for all noise maker, go to hell and create your own f*cking thread!

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Hi friend I deleted my recent posts here to keep this thread clean.Keep up your good work.

My apologies.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
here we go. the EA with manual installation
Attached File(s)   pivot_trading_EA_v0.51.zip

677 KB
|
3,988 downloads

Attached Image

How To Install:

1. download pivot_trading_EA_v0.51.zip and extract into any folder.

2. find your MT4 working folder, from MT4 in menu File > Open Data Folder

3. copy the following files from your extracted folder:MQL4 > Experts > rAlgo_pivot_trading_v0.51.ex4 ----> copy to folder MQL4 > Experts MQL4 > Indicators > TDI-RT-Clone-rAlgo.ex4 ----> copy to folder MQL4 > Indicators templates > pivot_trading_EA.tpl ------> copy to folder templates 4. refresh your MT4 by right click on navigation window and click Refresh. or just simply restart your MT4. this step to make MT4 detect your file changes.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4. from MT4 menu, click Tools > Options > Expert Advisor. and add http://skycode.co.id for Web Request.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5. open any pair in H4 timeframe. and right click on the cart, choose Template > pivot_trading_EA
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

6. If everything goes right, this is the result:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Updates in v0.51:

1. fix wrong trade on the main pivot line.

2. reduce aggressivity, use shift 1 (previous bar) to confirm cross line signal from TDI.

Enjoy and pls share your demo testing url in this thread.

note:

1. Pls don't use this EA in real account.

2. I will explain about EA setting later. need to back to work soon.

3. Pls set different magic number for each pair / each chart.

4. Make sure you have checked:Allow live trading Allow DLL Imports  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Known Bugs:

1. sometimes if u use more than 4 or 5 pair and you forgot to set different magic number for each pair, usually you will find R & S line is double. to handle this just simply remove EA from the chart and drag it again manually.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Thanks for sharing... i've loaded it  on 6  charts.... Just few question..

could you share your pivot indi with the same setting coded inside EA?

Seems backtest is not possibile right?

Is this timeframe related or it's possibile use different tf ?

Thanks

Best regards

--- 帖子 #176 ---
you don't need pivot indi. I merge it into EA file.

the only indi u need is TDI as provided in the zip file.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
mantap. lanjutkan mas bro

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Hey people, don't use it in real account. it's not stable version. far from good for live trading.

I'm watching you!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #179 ---
I receive this error.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
hello dear

would you please tell me that These EAs really work oout. Is there any profitable EA. please Let me know

Thanks for your attention

--- 帖子 #181 ---
You say that a pivot indi is not needed as it is i9ncluded, due to pivots varying quite a bit >20 pips in recent times are the included pivots the same as
https://www.actionforex.com/markets/...-pivot-points/ ?

and how does the EA react to levels outside the SR100?

--- 帖子 #182 ---
you can retry drag EA manually into your chart.

imho, it should be your connection problem.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Thanks for the reply, but nothing has changed: the same error and it is not a problem of connection.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
I didn't check for other mt4 broker. so far in tickmill works well. and pivots is quite similar to your link above.

10-20 pips different is acceptable for me, because pivot is a range, not an exact value.

my EU chart:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

pivot line from your link:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #185 ---
have u done this part?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

you are lucky, usually, I never reply this kind of question

--- 帖子 #186 ---
[quote = akangaziz; 11143317] {quote} hai fatto questa parte? {image} sei fortunato, di solito, non rispondo mai a questo tipo di domanda [/ quote]

Thank you for the availability, yes I did but I noticed that it was not successful. Remade now works. Thank you

--- 帖子 #187 ---
IM tinking in tryng in a real account in tickmill, do you tink its possible?

the dd is a little big but im willing to try for fun

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Hy and srry for the same question? Is Ea timeframe mandatory? Cause no any order till now and to try i'ce change EURGBP  to tf 15... all conditions are met but no any order.

Thanks

Regards Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #189 ---
sounds like a concept for desaster. it proves by fact how risky it is to add to losers: a drawdown of -25% in a single day. no sane professional would let this ea run with real money - but maybe davit  even the op warns not to use it in real. if you want real fun, take the money and go to the casino.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
The pivot lines are not being drawn for certain pairs. It seems to favor the GBP pairs when drawing pivots on chart. Could just be a bug. Let me know and keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
and why u come to this thread? looking for another holy grail? lol

this ea is in testing stage. back to school! u r removed!

--- 帖子 #192 ---
hi akangaziz

thanks you share your EA

I test on different computer and different broker (demo account)

on one demo account , the EA log display

2018.06.07 21:55:32.638 TDI-RT-Clone-rAlgo EURUSD,H4: indicator is too slow, 23844 ms. rewrite the indicator, please

maybe my computer to slow or memory not enough , I will try remove my other windows application and continue test.

I also google search what is this error message.

some information for you reference:
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=588304
https://www.mql5.com/en/forum/36924
https://www.mql5.com/en/forum/156304
https://www.mql5.com/en/forum/156304

--- 帖子 #193 ---
yes, the indicator calculates from all bar for the selected pair. it only slow in the beginning, once successfully loaded, the rest should be fine.

I take a note for that. thanks.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
it's too early for real account. I do not recommend it.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
back to page 1 about entry & exit logic. read it again.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Hi guys, I received some PM ask me to help to trade using this EA in their real account. some of them offer me to manage 10k account. this is crazy & lazy!

let me share you a few things about this ea:

1. this ea is still in early testing. what we need to check is about the entry & exit.

2. once entry  & exit is valid & firmed, then we should check how the EA react with the very strong trend without reversal after break R100 or S100. this is the big challenge.

3. once step 1 & 2 is passed, I will open EA for backtesting. right now, I disable the backtest. because I'm sure a lot of lazy users here will shoot me with an unnecessary question based on backtest result.

happy forward testing!

--- 帖子 #197 ---
this is good question. in v0.51, I reduce the aggressivity. EA will only take a look from previous closed bar (shift 1  in technical explanation) to validate the trade signal.

let's test this method for the next 1 week. If the result is not ok we can take it back to normal level, but more aggressive.

til now, in v0.51 I prefer to not over trading.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Hey, just wanted to tell you that you are doing a good job. I have studied Davit's method for awhile....and the biggest perril is exactly what you have

identified - strong trend without reversal. That is the killer of this technique and many traders accounts have died on that.

Perhaps SL can be next Pivot level, after all partial positions are filled. So, as an example if 38, 61, 78 are filled , 100 is SL

--- 帖子 #199 ---
I would definitely NOT use 38 as one of your first levels used.  I would use 61, 78, and 100. Then if all of those levels are used THEN use the 138 level as your SL.  But what you would have to do also is measure your pip distance from 61 to 138 and use that in your calculation for your Lot Size according to what Risk% you want to use.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
I don't think put SL at any level can solve the strong trend issue. even 138, 161, or 200 it will not help. ur account already die before floating trades reaches level 161, unless you add ur ammunition (adding new balance). I've tested this setting at version v0.3 and I found that this method is not effective, It will only add drawdown level to your account.

We need something that can tell us the strong trend will continue before it reaches SL. any idea how to do this?

--- 帖子 #201 ---
v0.50

EURJPY finally landing safely  after 3 days floating
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #202 ---
v0.51

good job, GU!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #203 ---
v0.51

EU in action! can't break R100.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #204 ---
for transparency purposes, I linked v0.51 forward test account in this thread.

just scroll up.

EA v0.50
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

result so far from EA v0.50, drawdown increased because of floating trades EURJPY which is a bug because of open a trade not in S/R levels. I fixed this in v0.51
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EA v0.51
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #205 ---
v0.50

AUDUSD wins the rally. finish strong.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #206 ---
v0.50

ranging market in NZDUSD and EA still can make a profit! total 3 cycles, equal with 300 pips!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #207 ---
v0.50

AUDCAD. ranging market. profit from 5 cycles. 500 pips total!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Hello akangazis,  i started testing the ea so far so good.

Just for curiosity, what type of data are u harvesting from our mt4 acc through .dll

--- 帖子 #209 ---
CHFJPY. even the trend is BULLISH. but the EA still can make a profit in resistance area (with open position SELL).

If you see the chart, EA wins the rally because everytime the market will create another bullish, the market will fall first before continuing the trend. this kind of market movement is very safe for EA.

as a result: 4 cycles win. equal with 400 pips!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #210 ---
I just realized this thread becomes the hottest thread in FF now!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Congratz by the second hottest thread. Yea, for second place!

--- 帖子 #212 ---
I receive this error

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Add this URL to inclusion list <http://skycode.co.id>. Also allow web requests (URLs)

--- 帖子 #214 ---
thank you

--- 帖子 #215 ---
I have the error for you want to trade 0.0 lot but broker minimum is 0,1

--- 帖子 #216 ---
it's right?

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Not pivot indi for sure

--- 帖子 #218 ---
?

--- 帖子 #219 ---
if you can create a setting that will allow you to choose what Risk % you want to use according to your SL. THen you can control how much you lose when you do hit your SL at 138. I have not yet tried your EA so I don't know how you coded your MM in your EA......but if it was an input that can be changed by the user than we can decide before hand how much we want to risk for each trade. Then if you did use a SL which was predetermined by the Pips from 61 to 138....you would lose no more than what you have chose your risk% to be.   You of course would also have to determine how many "small trades" to break down your "overall trade" into.  This would be similar to how Davit trades with using smaller lot sizes and adds them as he goes. The overall loss would still be only 1% or 2% risk.....what ever you determine it to be before hand.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Read it again, is the same as before and my question remains unanswered ...

there is no setting above 100 in the EA inputs so if there is a trend above say 161 with no setting in the EA to cover this how does the EA handle this?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #221 ---
@akangaziz ... Loaded as per instructions and no pivots lines any D1 to M15 shown, H4 sample below.

From the thread others have this same issue with no pivot lines.

Please advise.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Refer Post 189, in my opinion you need to fix this and make the connection for your feedback SECURE for the security and protection of all who use your EA.

You are using an insecure connection for data which is easily hacked.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #223 ---
i don't know where all this people hate towards davit come from

it´s not like he´s forcing u to use his method, if it didn´t work for you, just move on.

davit is not selling u anything, he´s just sharing his knowledge for FREE.

all these guys saying davit is manipulating his results are clearly jealous of his success,

please instead of criticizing someone who's doing really well, work on yourselves!

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Hi, no problem. that setting only to check latest EA version & in the next release I will use it to check news calendar from my own API.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Oh, that question. for now, EA doesn't have the option to enable trade in level > 100.  I don't know if it's a good thing to add level > 100 to EA ?

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Hi, it's another thing. different with the topic we talk before. for that setting (max risk) is already available in ea setting.

we can't rely on max floating trades (refer to max risk setting), because it's too late to exit the trades if floating trades already reach this default value (which is 80% risk. but yes, it's adjustable).

--- 帖子 #227 ---
hmm, it's weird. have u set different magic number for each pair ? or try to remove EA & re-attach it manually by drag n drop from navigation window.

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Hi, it's to check who and how people use my EA. since I don't recommend for real account testing, so I can monitor it from my server.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Hi, seems ur broker is not allow u to trade at 0.01 lot.

u can just change the lot value in EA setting from 0.01 to 0.1 lot

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Interesting, although I think it's closer to TMS rather than the pivot thread. WK+MN Fibonacci confluence would improve the performance...?

--- 帖子 #231 ---
@akangaziz  Thank you for sharing your EA based on Davit strategy. Can you also share old version 0.50? Can you share the MQL4 for both version? I see you are using your website for API call and that would be bad for all of us if you decide in the future to shut off your website so your EA will become useless. Anyway Keep it up this good work bro

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Amazing start almost 16 hours running

--- 帖子 #233 ---
which pair? cause i had just one cycle for EUR/USD nothing else...

Thanks

Regards

--- 帖子 #234 ---
@akangaziz: does your ea going to expire?

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Hi akangaziz

Whilst I respect your sharing of your EA and your honesty to this point, I think you're on a slippery slope my friend. Unless I'm mistaken, and I'd love to be proved wrong, you are obviously collecting more data than just the EA version.

Your post here ( https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post11143093 ) says "I'm watching you!" and the screenshot (below) shows you are collecting info including account number, account name, real/demo, account balance etc etc.

As I said, I'm hoping I'm wrong so maybe you could explain this mate?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #236 ---
looks good. what timeframe and how many pair ?

--- 帖子 #237 ---
the EA that I shared here is without expiration. technically, can be used both for the demo or real account. But as I suggested from the beginning, we still in testing phase.

and to prevent a lot of scammers in forex forum like FF (or any other forum), I added protection to the EA. If I found someone here selling my EA or doing something that make any damage to me or to other people, I can easily shut down EA for that account without notice.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
definitely Yes, I collecting the account information for monitoring purposes. since this EA is free, and u use it with ur own risk. I deserve to watch EA performance from all account.

this "watching" part also protecting my EA from any bad website or the bad guy who selling other people's EA.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Thanks mate, I don't have a problem with you protecting your work through that and I'm sure nobody else would either.

But I think you need to be honest with people about this as your last statement said you were only collecting EA version number which was not true. Some people may not be happy that you have their name, account number, broker, account balance etc

--- 帖子 #240 ---
v0.51

1 cycle from EU today, falling from R78.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

100 pips earned!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #241 ---
@akangaziz: I' m not a technician freak, but does this mean, if I download your ea you would have my account number and this stuff?

--- 帖子 #242 ---
From what we can see, at least your account name, account number, broker name, your balance, leverage, live/demo - maybe more.....??

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Yes, make sense. I added that information in page #1.

thanks for ur suggestion, mate! any other thing that I missed?

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Make sure you use fake name and a secondary email when you sign up for demo account.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
exactly!

like what I shared in my prev screenshot.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
lol. but make sense...

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Good stuff mate!

That's the way to keep it nice and transparent! Wishing you great success with the EA.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #248 ---
just my 2 cents.

1. account equity should be still the discretion of a trader, demo or live, up to him if want to disclose it with someone. the least should have a warning about privacy.

2. point one can be easily circumvent with a copier to another account.  wont hold back someone selling rogue signals based on it.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Someone is back testing Davits method, and has worked out the probability of higher levels being hit. Anyway, why don't you test either with hedging or adding bigger positions at higher Pivot levels, because the probability of reversal goes up at tbise., and then close the bigger positions at the next level down (I mean lower Pivot level) in profit, and the positions from the lower levels at break even.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
I think we all should ask you to turn off the "I'm watching you mode". After all the help and suggestion you will get from this thread and members it's not possible to be shut down and get EA not working from you. You should also post the MQL4.

--- 帖子 #251 ---
I tink hes right!

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Hi,

can you help why it cannot run the EA ?

Thanks you

--- 帖子 #253 ---
I'd like to test the aggressive version 0.50 too in demo. Can you share it? thanks bro

--- 帖子 #254 ---
refer to post #189, do exactly the same.

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Sorry for the late reply guys .

Am running it on 10 pairs ( 15M TF ) same settings just changed the lot size

The pairs that go activated are :

CADCHF

EURAUD

EURGBP

GBPUSD

USDCHF

--- 帖子 #256 ---
1. i shared ea for free

2. i don't ask for help here. i share my hardwork result here n open for any idea n input.

3. u use my ea, u dont pay for it, and u ask the source code n ask me to remove the protection? u came to the wrong thread, dude. find ea dev n pay for it!

who are u for me?  u r removed!!

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Hey

Collecting such data without proper permissions is against the law, just saying.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Very nice EA. Davit strategy is one of the best on this forum and you did a great job. I was wondering if you can share the 0.50 version so I can test it on a cent demo account. Thank you again sir

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Does your EA have no SL ?

If so, how do you manage the risk ?

I am afraid of this EA will ended with a margin call.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
hey, I already put it in 1st page. read it carefully.

u download it, u risk with it, and u accept all the condition.

u dont like, u leave it. find another holy grail. lol.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Its not how it works. It is against the law even if you state that you collect data. You just cant collect data without some kind of permissions from the goverment i guess. Its not about me liking it or not, i dont care about your ea at all. I just dont want you to get into big trouble dude. (English is not my native language)

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Very fair of akangaziz to allow his EA to be used and I congratulate him.

The way I see this protection of his EA and access to private information is reasonably simple.
akangaziz wants to protect his property from illegal exploitation - reasonable.

Users want to be able to test the EA without fear of exploitation of the private/personal information - reasonable.

The suggestion I have which is used by many, many coders here on FF and elsewhere is to issue a personal license for each copy. The coder gets the name and email address of the user etc and the user is protected.

The issue I have with .dll access is that, will all respect for akangaziz  I do not him personally nor do I know what he intends to do with the information.

If someone steals his EA and then tries to sell it and akangaziz  is aware, he will shutdown the EA - that disrupts all the honest testers and brings anything they are doing to a stop - unfair - the whole group is being punished because of the actions of one - unfair.

My suggestion - issue a personal licence for each EA - give the coder full control and can stop anyone taking the EA and reselling and also give all honest users access to testing and use in real & demo.

My suggestion ...

--- 帖子 #263 ---
no problem,  I will delete this thread and shutdown ea for all account.

problem solved, i can continue my life and continue my ea project without anyone else can judge me and manage what i have to do.

good luck for all holy grail dreamer. may the profit be with u.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Dear thank you for wonderful contribution in forex EAs programming .......i wish you continue it ..

--- 帖子 #265 ---
If you are going to shutdown your thread because of a "suggestion" there is little anyone can do ...

seems like an over-reaction to a simple suggestion, however that is your decision and if it is your final decision I wish you all the best for the future and thanks for sharing what you did because without sharing thoughts and ideas this FF community would be nothing.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #266 ---
May I know how can you decide the stoploss and takeprofit point?

As you mentioned, "every time EA reach 5 pips profit, EA will add 1 more position with the same lot with the initial trade"

Are the 5 pips profit calculated for all opening position?

Btw, nice EA. Thanks for your sharing.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
All those who are testing it, are you getting the pivot lines on all charts? I put it ontothree charts, and only one has the pivot lines showing. A bit of a mystery, ha?

--- 帖子 #268 ---
I use the EA test two different demo account .

one have draw pivot line on chart.

another not have pivot line

but both create the same trade on the same time....

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Hi Akangziz,

Thank you for your effort coding the Pivot Trading EA.  I would like to help forward testing it.

I am running the v0.51 EA since this morning, on a HotForex demo $100K account, with default settings but 0.1 lot size on 28 pairs + XAUUSD.

Will share the results in a week.

Terima Kasih,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #270 ---
I already ask Twee to delete this thread and no response yet

so u guys still have time.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Windchaser, can you please tell me how you put it on 28 pairs - ie. did you just make up any umber for the magic number on each pair?

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Aziz,

don't delete the thread! please. It is good! We can have a common purpose!

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Hi Shimmering, I didn't change the Magic number, I will tell you if the EA could close trades with the same Magic Number in a day or two, as right now I have AUDNZD, NZDCHF trades running, all having the same Magic Number.  Earlier on today the EA closed the GBPCHF batch (a total of 7 trades) as it reached the 100 pip-profit.

Hi Aziz, I believe this EA has a lot of potential, I hope you reconsider keeping the thread alive and let's work together to improving the EA.  While I have been on FF barely 6 months, I have seen/read enough forum threads to understand that while some people here are trolls/cynical/scammers, many of them are genuine too.  Perhaps some do not write nicely since English is not their first language, hence the misunderstanding at times.  I appreciate your effort and your willingness to share your EA with us, I think Davit is watching this thread too, so definitely you are making a difference.

-WindChaser

--- 帖子 #274 ---
I placed the EA on three pairs, and did chnage the magic number. But I am puzzled why the pivot lines appear on ly on G/U.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
why delete the thread because of some idiot has a problem with, you are certainly doing good for people so obviously there will be haters :/

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Hi Aziz- Is it possible to have the ea flexible so that the user can determine the pivot levels that it takes trades on? For example, you could have a pair that is strongly trending one up and retraces due to a data release. Perhaps the setting for the EA will allow a long entry at the weekly pivot point? Maybe there is an option for trading a certain pair in only one direction? A "long only" and "short only" box? Also, maybe there is an option to enter a trade only when the ADR is nearly completed? Something like a "trade only when 75% ADR achieved"? Thanks for the EA here, you could be on to something really amazing.

I am attaching a chart posted by another user in Davit's thread (I asked users permission before copying image to post here).  This shows the number of times each pair hit various s/r pivot levels last week.  I thought fairly interesting:

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...1&d=1528549094

--- 帖子 #277 ---
I will consider the idea of "ADR" and will take a look.

the rest question is self-answered if you already try the EA.

thanks

--- 帖子 #278 ---
I have everything entered properly, including the skycode webrequest, but keep getting the following errors:

Webrequest error code 4000

Webrequest response code 503

Any ideas as to what I'm doing wrong?

--- 帖子 #279 ---
You can start a new system thread  in SHF.

The Admin / Moderator there will help you and keep it clean and focus in trading.

.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Using the pair ADR is a good idea.

I use ADR-100 days and for every entry position it can be a fraction of the pair's ADR.

Example, instead of 5 pips, use 0.05 ADR and this will also be good to trade high volatile pair like GBPNZD,...

If the ADr 100 days is 161 pips, then 0.05ADr would be ~8pips per position distance.

Your TP can also be based on ADR, say 1.0 ADR for 10 open positions and taking the average entry price os all 10 open positions.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
I love ur idea.

thanks!

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Hello Boss,

do you know why I'm getting the pivot lines only in some pairs?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Dear J1mm,

This happens when you load from template without changing the magic number I believe or something of that sort. You can try to load the template and add the EA individually per chart. Remove it first if necessary and then all will be well.

Regards

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Does this major number have any predictive power, I mean tries to exploit some market weakness. Or its' just random attempts to find best value?

--- 帖子 #285 ---
What? The magic number you mean? This is an internal number EA uses to know what orders are his orders and what orders are the ones that you open.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
pivot trading EA v0.5, account age: 13 days, default setting, tf H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

pivot trading EA v0.51, account age: 5 days, default setting, tf H4
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #287 ---
share my test , default setting on H4 , only change lots , test from last week 2018/6/7 to today.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #288 ---
i try to test this ea but i shown failed get data from server, please check your setup! how to fix bro  thanks

--- 帖子 #289 ---
I think u forgot to add the url into ur webrequest whitelist. find in this thread and pls read carefully.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
thanks bro i already to added thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #291 ---
how much balance u start? i think 2.4 lot total is too big if u start with 1000 usd.

anyway, good result.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
at day 1 , i use default setting

dat 2, I change to 0.5 lot for test   ( use 10000usd demo account)

--- 帖子 #293 ---
first of all , thank you for sharing your EA and we all appreciated, but i have a question, how do you prevent about selling your EA by collecting our data? for example imagine I present your EA and results to someone , and he buy it. how do you know I sold it?

also you said you are deserved to know the performance of EA by seeing results from data that captured , so my question is,is it free for ever ?

--- 帖子 #294 ---
hey

i am getting an error in the experts tab that the indicator is being too slow to write, no trades are being taken, can anyone please help?

thanks, blam

--- 帖子 #295 ---
it's like telling the location of safety deposit box key to the bank robber.  lol.

I will not talk about this topic again, if u decide to use the EA, it means u accept it as is. if u still asking another similar question, please find another thread.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Hi Akangaziz,

Whe you said TDI must >= 60 or TDI must <= 40, wich index from TDI-RT-Clone are you refering to (value3, Trade Signal or RSI Signal)?

Regards,

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Same error.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
RSI Signal.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
ok so it is been 3 days i have set up the Ea on my demo account,  everything looks good but have not placed any trade worked around the magic numbers, put the URL in expert option as well :/ need a little help Akangaziz

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Thanks AZIZ for your great work whith it EA, is very excelent.

Currently I have running 2 demo accounts in 2 different vps with different brokers to see which of the two brokers works best, at the beginning of assembling it there was no problem and I was starting to operate, but yesterday I am experiencing an error in both mt4 and that it does not allow it to open operations.

This error is shown again and again every hour.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Hi,

do you have the same majic number on each pair?

--- 帖子 #302 ---
It should be not an issue for the EA.

i think the server is overloaded. i will take a look tonight.

thanks for detail report.

--- 帖子 #303 ---
have u allow EA to trade ? pls refer to page 9.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Thanks to you mate, you EA is the best till now in FF, Congratulation very good work.

EDIT:

Keep showing the same error but now open usdjpy order:

--- 帖子 #305 ---
akangaziz I can fully understand that you want to protect your work, but this collection of a persons data is quite unusual.

If you want to protect your EA from resale, why not release a version with an expiry period instead?

You can set a 30 day expiry period into the EA, and post an update each month, this way people cant resell, and members will keep coming back and you wont need to collect their data.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Quick question, I am trying to install this, when I opened the zip file, I did not see any template?  there was only an indicators folder and and experts folder and a file, .DS_store.  what do I do with that one?  Here is screenshot of the file when I unzip it.
https://www.screencast.com/t/mVc0qZqj4zVY

--- 帖子 #307 ---
it is 2018 and u still control ur EA hardcoded and release ea every month. wasting time.

sounds like a technique from 10 years ago. lol.

u r removed!

--- 帖子 #308 ---
what kind of question..

have u use EA before? read page 9 carefully !

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Hi, congrats finally u found a good ea in FF.

yes that error code 400 is come from the server side. will take care it soon, but that failed call will not impact ea performance. no worry.

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Yes i have done all of that, in the start it took couple of trades, and after that it stopped and since then no trades lol ..

sorry to have bother you with this i am clueless myself

--- 帖子 #311 ---
EURGBP give 100 pips today. falling from R100, signal started at R38

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

100 pips !
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #312 ---
USDJPY Running, let's see how it plays out

--- 帖子 #313 ---
NZDJPY can't break R78. 100 pips earned!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #314 ---
somehow I see v0.50 can give us good pips. I consider keeping the aggressivity from v0.5. Will include this as an option (can be activated) in EA setting.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
EURJPY at R38. easy profit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'm thinking about using real account once v0.5 reach 100% profit, for all trader who want to trade in real account, you start it this month. I will release & allow you to trade in real account. I have some notes for enhancement in next version.

Yes, the historical result will not guarantee the future, I know it. trade at your own risk.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
v0.5 aggressive but still at acceptable DD. pls note that 6% DD is because of bugs in v0.5 (open trade in main pivot line, already fixed it in v0.51, but I reduce the aggressivity in v0.51. no worry, I will take it back to the new version - v0.52)

result so far for 14 days: 70% profit, 8000 pips, 811 trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Great to hear. Maybe you can explore MQLLock option to protect your EA. That should help with the privacy issue regarding collection of personal data.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
testing

at the end of the week i will post results

currently going on EU UC UJ AU

note that im gona leave the EA working on the forecoming red news as well.

if it goes well maybe i will gona put on a 50EUR real account in 2 weeks

--- 帖子 #319 ---
So, you will combine the v.050 with 0.51 and fix all the bugs into v52, am I right ?

There will be great then..

And another questions.

Does your EA have no SL ?

If so, how do you manage the risk ?

I am afraid of this EA will ended with a margin call.

What pairs do you recommend to trade with ?

Regards.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
How about adding an input for "profit in percentage to close all trades"   instead of profit in pips?   I would think that most people have a target percent per day or per week in mind when trading instead of how many pips they can make.  Increasing your bankroll according to %  is what counts most.  BTW.....GREAT EA!!

--- 帖子 #321 ---
once this ea is forward tested enough we will find out what is an acceptable DD% is compared to the strike rate.  With 70% in 2 weeks.....6% is NOTHING.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
yes, for me. it's still not proven to handle big pips movement or very strong trend. from my backtest, it still needs attention in that part.

but comparing with manual trading (which is involved psychology and patience), this EA already win strong.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
each trade has its own SL level.

I use SL at current pivot level + 100 % level +- 10 pips.

ex:

trade opened at R38, then SL price will be at R138 + 10 pips.

or trade opened at S38, then SL price will be at S138 - 10 pips.

I also added max risk that can be handled by EA. ex: if floating trades is reached 80% account balance, it will close all position. ---> this part need a better option.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Greetings,

I believe the stop loss can be taken as the amount of money per pair

As per DavIT we can target about $500 per trade/pair so something in that line we can think of stoploss instead of PIPS

My 2 cents

Thanks

R

--- 帖子 #325 ---
thank you for the feedback. already in my roadmap.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Greetings,

Closing all trades may not be a good idea as there could be some manual trades running as well which are probably for weeks or Months

If closing all trades are required then they can be specific to trade opened by this EA only

My 2 cents

Thanks and regards

R

--- 帖子 #327 ---
no problem, EA will only manage its own trades. If you have a manual position, then EA will not count that trade as part of EA responsibility. your existing manual trade should be not touched by EA.

but it all depends on magic number,  pls note that all trades from MT4 client to MT4 server come with magic number.  and please note that manual trade use magic number 0  (zero).

so, please make sure each pair use a different magic number and never use 0 (zero) as ur magic number.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
So if we set the inputs to allow the EA to start trading at level 61 and set my SL to R138 or S138.......what % level should I use?

--- 帖子 #329 ---
SL level is managed by EA automatically. you can't manage the SL price, at least for the current version.

If you enable level 61, then EA will open trade if the price in area pivot R61 or S61, and SL price will set at R161 or S161.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
What will be your deposit for real account? I may be also starting with you

--- 帖子 #331 ---
oh ok....sorry I thought that the SL level/% was adjustable. Thanks for your quick response!  An adjustable SL might be a thought for future versions. Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
I have the ea running on 18 pairs for a couple of hours now. I have one entry on usdcad and several trades have opened up short UJ. The thing is, I have multiple executions at the same time/price. Screenshot attached. Is there some reason that this would be happening? I have only one chart open for each currency pair. I'm also suprised that it is selling UJ now because I thought that it would not open a short trade when there are green arrows, or a long trade when there are red arrows, but maybe I misunderstood. I am very excited about this ea thanks very much and if anyone has any suggestions on what I am doing wrong it would be greatly appreciated.

https://www.screencast.com/t/7RmT6jVMT0q

I have not changed to parameters that the ea came with other than lot size which I bumped up to .1 for 10k demo account.  Here is screenshot:

https://www.screencast.com/t/32O9ZFX3Fu

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Definetly you have more positions than I have :X

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Been playing with the expert -- nice work.  Question:  Is this hard coded for a specific timezone?  I ask because some of the weekly PP and thus the fib levels are really off on some pairs with my specific broker feed.  Thanks!

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Hi, I think your problem is because you have several or all pairs with the same magic number, you must place 1 different magic number for each chart.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
I am using different magic numbers (time shift seems hard coded to me, but will reload to confirm). Thx

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Hi Shimmering, just to close the loop regarding your Magic Number question, the past two days I saw AUDNZD, EURJPY, GBPCHF, NZDCHF trades closed with the SAME Magic Number 8888 across all the 28+1Gold pairs, so I can surmise that it works even if you run the EA using the same Magic Number on different pairs.  Currently GBPJPY, USDJPY, USDCAD trades running with 0.1 lot sizes.

Hi Akangaziz, it seems there is a small bug in the lot size calculation on the first trade the v0.51 EA places, I set the EA's "started lot size" to 0.1 however for the very first trade on any particular pair the EA traded, it would always start with 0.01, then on the 2nd trade onward the lot size would then continue with 0.1 lot size.  I believe it's a small bug.  Lastly, it seems the performance by v0.50 is better than v0.51?

Thanks,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #338 ---
v0.51

GBPJPY at R78. trade closed at the right time & right place, the next candle after trade close is bull & bull.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #339 ---
thanks for the report.

EA will always start with initial lot 0.01 (not changeable). I prefer this because if the initial lot failed to reach 5 pips in less than 24 hours then EA will close the initial trade with a loss. I set this because if initial trade is failed, I can assume it's big possibility EA will have floating trades which is increase the risk & dd.

if EA succeeds reach 5 pips, then the next volume will use the lot from EA setting.

the only enhancement needed related with lot setup in v0.51 is the total calculation for 100 pips. because the initial lot is 0.01 and the next lot for that cycle use value from EA setting (let say 0.1), then the total of 100 pips would be not same with 100 pips * 10 point * 0.1 lot = 100 usd. because the pips from initial trade (0.01) will break the total profit for that cycle if after initial trade, EA reaches 5 pips or more, and then back to floating. it is happens yesterday in EURJPY, closed 100 pips profit but in total loss few usd. I mean, in pips is profit, but in total USD it is loss.

that bug is fixed in v0.52, still backtesting. will release soon.

thanks

--- 帖子 #340 ---
EA will set it automatically. if pivot lines still not showed up, u can remove EA from chart and re-attach again.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
will start 1000 USD in tickmill. other broker should be fine too.

default EA setting is works with 1000 usd balance. If u set lot to 0.1, you need to use 10k usd balance. unless u only attach EA in 2-3 pair.

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Hi,

How many pairs do you have open?

--- 帖子 #343 ---
with the default setting, balance 1000 usd, I think it's safe to use more than 10 pairs.  thanks to Davit that his pivot lines can work well for all pairs.

the only thing u need to watch is a big trend.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Hi Akangaziz,

I have tried your EA, put on 2 charts and the issues are: on AU doesn't show any pivot lines, on UC shows pivot line but wrong. It shows the S200 & S161 but the UC between PP & R38.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Just FYI, Davit recommends to stay away from pairs with large ADRs as a strong trend can kill you

--- 帖子 #346 ---
it still no open any orders EU UC UJ AU

smiley face allow dll, diferent magic numbers, and allowed that link

lets see..

--- 帖子 #347 ---
just started a demo on the main 6 pairs. let see

--- 帖子 #348 ---
its not working on xtb at least

by now it should had opened a trade on AU

maybe i got something wrong but i dont think so

btw my mt4 its having a stroke with 4 pairs open.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
What causes this as soon as I select the template?

"failed get data from server, please check your setup!"

Thanks

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hi akangaziz, what do you mean by the specific value in the picture above ?

What happen if I set it to true ?

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Did you enter the skycode URL? Also, after loading the template, remove the EA and drag it from the EA list onto the chart.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Attached Image

Can somebody explain what is that for in the blue circle ?

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Hmmm, I see!

I thought that even less would be fine, your actual drawdown was around 17% which should be around 170$ of DD and it was caused because an error as well? So maybe 0,01 could be traded with even less deposit and around 10 pairs with low Daily Range, don't you think?

Kind Regards,

Jimm

--- 帖子 #354 ---
also i think if let set your tp to 50

and/or move the diference between trades to 10, it could trade with way less than 1000

its just a question of Forward testing if the EA keeps with profits anyways

it would have less flowating trades at least

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Sounds interesting, probably will be just a matter of "playing without the parameters" problem is that we are only able to do that in forward testing... Maybe adjusting TP to lower value is not a good option if at the end a SL Hit will throw away 1 month of trading (I don't know if this may be the case) ... Quite risky but adjusting the amount of trades taken definetly will reduce the total lot size of an operation.

I'm just trading a couple of days on Demo but its super interesting the way the EA is trading haha

--- 帖子 #356 ---
but keep in mind that if you increase the trade distance to 10 pips and keep the tp at 100 the trade will need to travel more than twice as far to close the trade.?

I didnt the math yet

that can be even worst than keep a low profit tp set on a good trading system.

well, nice ur having fun, the EA dont work for me, i dont know why, im just following the treath to see out it goes ^^

--- 帖子 #357 ---
It's a bit weird, what I did is the following...

1- Follow instructions on the EA Download thread (The other one appart of this)....

2- When you chose the EA Template, remove the EA, save it

3- Chose again the template without the EA and attach the EA manually, set magic number, I don't know, 123

4- If you load a new pair, chose the Template without the EA and manually add again the EA, chose a different magic number, maybe 124

5- Repeat

Regarding what you say about the 100 pips... you are right, I was thinking about this after I answered your post... Will be just a matter of trial and error I would say...

--- 帖子 #358 ---
i redo everthing.

aparently i had a / at the end of link permition.

then i change the distance of pivot to open a trade from 10 to 100. to see if it was a 5 digit broker problem.

it opened  a trade.lol

now i dont know if it was the /, or the 5 digit broker problem.

gona change to 10 now and keep the system on default settings to see if it trades.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Hello

A little question. - I posted it in Davit thread, but no answer, so I make it here.

Where can I change parameters for a proper actualisation of FF calendar? (there is [FF Cal News] in Davit template)

It shows me obsolete data.

thanks for your answer.

--- 帖子 #360 ---
i dont know about the FF cal News

but if it helps you have one working on this thread:

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=656151

the ea dont work but the indicators do. i like the way the news are showned there

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Hello, Dear AZIZ and friends.

What do you think about placing trailing stop at version 0.52? and that this is activated from the profit that I want.

Will version 0.52 be available to work on real account?

You must be doing BT to each with version 0.52, when you throw it, could you please place the result of each pair with the benefits and the maximum DD?

Thank you very much for all your friend Aziz, you are the FF Crack.

Sorry my bad english, its google traslator.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
I like the idea of a trailing stop. You could set it to the original 100 pips and let it run for more profits. Could potentially improve the R:R.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Depending of the color of the square, TDI/RSI is wayover sold, wayover bought, oversold, over bought, over sold, below or above fifty (mediam line) ...

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Thx for your reply och..

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Hi Akangaziz,

So I used a framework I made on MT4, I implement your entries rules (with minor modifications) and indeed, it seems to have quit a lot of potential. What I like is the low DD% and the High SQN...

See attached a report on one pair : GBPJPY - minimum lots, basket profit 100pips, from 01/01/2018 until now Decompress all files in a temp directory and open the htm file. The gif file is the MT4 StrategyTester graph for the same strategy)

The framework I made allow me to test at the same time, the same strategy on several pairs and then I can backtest options as :session profit (in $ or pips - for each pairs or for all pairs at the same time) basket profit (in $ or pips  - for each pairs or for all pairs at the same time) If I am not too lazy, I will upload historical data for major pairs and keep you inform about the results. If results are ok, I will probably start a forward test on my VPS.

But my question is : Are you openning trades on new bar or on each tick?

--- 帖子 #366 ---
I noticed it open order on each tick, not on a new candle.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Yeap, this is what I though also... This is probably to allow new trade each 5 pips if last order is in profit. Let Akangaziz comfirm.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Hello all, i've been follwing this thread and just yesterday i started running the EA on my vps. The EA looks promising but what i find absurd is the wide stop loss it uses. Can someone throw more light on this pls because the stop loss i see on my platform could be well over 100 pips

--- 帖子 #369 ---
The EA is largely grabbing 100 pips profit per pair each day so your net gain will always be higher than net losses after one or two stop losses. Seems to be a well thought out package. We need trailing stops and news filters and all will be well.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Ea is working good so far....pepperstone platform is frozen due to volatility. This is gonna be good test for ea

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Okay, many thanks for this info, but some of my trades already stopped out well before 100 pips, am i getting something wrong?

--- 帖子 #372 ---
For the record I had enabled martingale (multiplier 1.0). It's disabled by default.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
But low drawdown for a 10k account you put it on a 1k account and its 50%, right?

How does MT4 calculate the Drawdown? Is the maximum negative floating P&L?

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Closed trades for today (200€ Demo account and trading 0,02) just for the sake of checking how much time it will hold before blow

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #375 ---
This system would blow up like 1 time a decade if we turned it off during the news. Less profit but almost unprecedented reliability. This is due to the retracement patterns around pivots.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
It did well today. Impressive

--- 帖子 #377 ---
I'm testing and getting a bunch of fifo errors when the EA closes multiple positions; should be an easy fix to correct for US traders without affecting performance. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Same problem, here. Tons of FIFO errors - has to be screwing up the trades big time.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
thanks for all input n report.I will take a look n reply u once I get a chance. I'm impress that you guys take a lot of effort to test n backtest my EA. that's awesome!

now I'm in my hometown to celebrate Eid Mubarak tomorrow. will extra slow response for the next 2 days.

thanks

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Blessed Eid Mubarak to you and your family, Akangaziz!  Thank you for your awesome work on this EA!

--- 帖子 #381 ---
What are the exit criterias for the trades? Because I saw some trades are closed and some are not.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
In my opinion, i still think the EA will do fine with just 100pips stop loss but presently the stop loss is about 400 pips

--- 帖子 #383 ---
2018.06.14 07:00:40.518 rAlgo_pivot_trading_v0.51 EURNZD,H4: WebRequest error code: 4000

Aziz can you clarify the reason for this error message and a solution, thanks in advance. Cpfleger

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Read the installation steps carefully in page 9 post #178.

You forgot to input http://skycode.co.id/

--- 帖子 #385 ---
@akangaziz ， thanks a lot for your great work on this EA, I'm doing some test in two demo accounts, the result is amazing.

one of the demo is STP, another is ECN, the result is quite different. They open orders on different positions, or one have orders, another no orders. do you know what 's the reason?

Thanks again for your sharing this excellent EA.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Hi

Please see attach screenshot. I am getting error

--- 帖子 #387 ---
I got the same errors, but my demo is trading, so I'm not too concerned.

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Why I have a message "You can't backtest this EA" when I launch a backtest?

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Shakka, I have applied the skycode and followed the instructions three times to ensure compliance but same error message.

Cpfleger

--- 帖子 #390 ---
A couple of suggestions. Would be nice if the EA had a setting which would allow you to use an arrow on a smaller timeframe as a trigger/confirmation for trade entry. For example, if you could use a green/up arrow on both the 15/30 min timeframe as a requirement in order for ea to buy on 240 chart. You'd lose a bit of the reversal, but still if you can catch a change on a 30 min chart that begins a reversal on the 240 then you would hit profit target.

Also, with the martingale strategy, would be nice if instead of buying steadily on the way down it would only increase 1 time per fib support level. So, if for example system took an entry at s38, there would only be 3 more fills, one each at s61/s78/s100. I would just like to see some sort of damage control in the event that a long trend is beginning and the ea is trying to sell a currency that is strengthening accross 5 or 6 different pairs.

I'm also a bit confused how the EA enters trades. I have the exp adv running on 24 pairs, including AC, AJ, AN, AU, EA, and GA, and yet the only pairs that it has opened trades on is AN overnight. It opened 13 long trades starting at 6/14 12am gmt. Adding new postions on the way down. Yet I have the settings the same on all pairs. Why did it only open trades on AN pair? Can anyone explain? And despite being on 4 hour timeframe, it added 7 positions in one 30 minute timeframe. I just don't understand why it put on so many trades while not a single other trade has opened in any other Aussie pair.

I would like to also have an option for a time delay before the ea adds another position.  Perhaps 12 hours or 24 hours?

Happy Eid Aziz! Have a great holiday!

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Does anybody have problem with MT4 crashing, once the ea is loaded?

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Hi bro, can you share the version 0.50

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #393 ---
My fxchoice account crashes when I load the template. It will not run with the template. No problems, however, with my forex.com account. Currently using 3gb memory and 5% CPU.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
I guess the template is not necessary to the EA?

--- 帖子 #395 ---
I loaded the indy separately, so it should be fine.

--- 帖子 #396 ---
I also get this msg, it cannot be good, 16 sec to calculate?????

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Good work man, "the untouchable Davit" kick me out too.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
http://www.pointzero-trading.com/Pro...ZPivotPointsEA

An other free pivot EA

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Market sentiment and sup dem filter.

--- 帖子 #400 ---
why u hate davit? what has he done to u?

--- 帖子 #401 ---
@akangaziz, hope you had a great time with your family and friends. Has something be changed at your website or did you do some tricks to my account :-)? It worked fine yesterday, but today, the EA stopped working and  got a bunch of error messages. The skycode URL is still in allowed web request list.

2018.06.15 04:00:55.493 rAlgo_pivot_trading_v0.51 XAUUSD,H4: WebRequest error code: 4000

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Hi Guys,

sorry if this has been addressed before but i am having server data error and ea is not able to start. It just keep removing from chart...

what is the cause and how to solve this issue?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Mind sharing this indicator?

--- 帖子 #404 ---
"Programme treminated itself"

what is this wrong all are installed correctly but when add the ea it's shows as above ??

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Can you share the EA with me, pls, i could'nt successfully download a copy

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Have you tried it on demo? How's the performance?

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Apologies me Even EA it free but needs permission from coder . Please try again

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Hi Sir,

Could you share the exit logic to us for reference?

Many tks.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Hi mate,

Can your shared the indicators and tpl?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Here bro Impenia

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Just curious. Does the EA have a built-in filter for not trading on Friday? My 20-pair demo and my 10-pair demo have not traded once today.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Tnx mate. I appreciate.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
1000% agreed with this

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Here bro Impenia  ,Its free market sentiment indi

How to Trade with Profit Forex Sentiment Indicators:
Possible trading BUY:60% buyer power = buyer's light dominance The power of the buyer is 70% = clear the buyer's dominance Strength of buyers 80% = most market participants are buyers 90% or more buyer power = strong buyer dominance, almost no sellers in the market
Possible trading SELL:Selling power 60% = seller's light dominance Seller power 70% = clear seller dominance Selling power 80% = most market participants are sellers Seller's power 90% or more = strong seller dominance, almost no buyers in the market

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Do you have this indicator as an exe file?  I cannot open rar files for some reason.  If not can someone turn it into an exe file for me? txs!

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Thanks mate for the update. Really appreciate. Which TF have you observed it's best to use this indi? Also, is there any marked difference between this indi and the forex insider indi? Finally, mind sharing the PZ Sup_Dem indicator? Tnx man.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Thanks for sharing the info @Buddakarn. Does Forex inside need myfxbook login and subscription to work? What do you put on these two fields in the EA input?

--- 帖子 #418 ---
This thread is meant for the Pivot Trading EA coded by Akangaziz.

@Buddakarn, thanks very much for sharing the indicators, I don't mean to be rude, in order to keep this thread focused, if anyone is sharing/promoting/discussing another EA/indicator, may I suggest you start another thread?  Thank you!

--- 帖子 #419 ---
How to delete my post?

--- 帖子 #420 ---
1st week's 28+Gold pairs test result based on $100K demo account with 0.1 lot size. Total profit: $888.70, Max. DD: $121.78. Profit Factor: 4.14.

v0.51 opened a total of 131 trades on 11 pairs (EURJPY/USDJPY/GBPAUD/GBPJPY/CHFJPY/AUDUSD/USDCAD/AUDCAD/AUDNZD/NZDCHF/GBPCHF). Most profitable pair was EURJPY, least profitable pair was GBPCHF. Please see screenshot below.

Certainly a very encouraging set of result, but let's not be too excited yet as it will be even more interesting to see how the EA fare in high volatility environments this coming week as Trump's tariff/trade war is about to kick into higher gear.

Also, I am interested to know the results if anyone has tried playing with the default settings of "profit in pips to start adding volume", "profit in pips to close all trades", "activate martingale?" and "lot multiplier for martingale" of the EA.

Thanks again, Akangaziz.

-WindChaser

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #421 ---
@akangaziz demo account: There is no point to start long AU @S38 and following with more long position through about 133 pips. If this pair AU is going more 1-200 pip down what will you do? Why doesn't work the SL in EA?

--- 帖子 #422 ---
I try to backtest the 0.51 version EA but it doesn't work, I  found a message: "You can't backest this EA", how to make a backtest?

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Hello I followed all the instructions, and the very firsr day it run with no issues, since then i am getting error in web request and the ea is not trading?

--- 帖子 #424 ---
agree. that's bug from v0.5, placing not in pivot area. from previous weeks's trade.

i will update the EA once all position is clear.

thanks

--- 帖子 #425 ---
that's expected. I disable the backtest.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
hi ktooph, may I know what broker what account type do you use?

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Hi, in first version I already use trailing stop. but somehow I get the result is not maximum. this is because usually price will move to other direction before going back to expected direction.

yes, I will share v0.52 soon.

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Hi och, that is amazing effort.

what platform do you use for this backtest? how did u get the data modeling quality for backtest? I will try to check your attached file.

thanks again.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
thanks. already fixed in v0.52

--- 帖子 #430 ---
thank you!

--- 帖子 #431 ---
u can use v0.52, it comes with flexibility setting for aggressivity. which is if aggresive setting =true, you will get ea works like v0.50, if false then it will like the v0.51

i also fixed some bugs in v0.52, i plan to release next week. just keep watching

--- 帖子 #432 ---
exit criteria:

if EA have at least 2 opened trade for that pair:

price hit SL.

or if floating is bigger than x equity (from setting)

or if TDI give the oppilosite signal

if only 1 trade:

will close if after 24hour EA still not reach 5 pips profit

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Punten, ninggalin jejak dulu kang. Habis mudik lebaran saya mohon ijin ikutan nge forward test EA nya. Nuhun pisan.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Could you answer at the Post 428?

--- 帖子 #435 ---
OMG, forget backtest. Pointless.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Finally installed correctly

i'll add this to my vps tomorrow

thanks for u'r great effort

--- 帖子 #437 ---
I have always felt that the stop loss of this EA is too large, should'nt be more than 100 pips, now you can see the demo result above!

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Agreed, or at least the next WP level.  Today the demo's all exploded.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
The stop loss position seems too large compare to the take profit condition(100pips).

I am not sure using trailing stop can solve the issue or not.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
it's glad to know demo account almost/will blow up today because of the strong trend. so we can learn something from it.

what I learn from today result is all of this losing trade against the signal from D1 trend.

I also take a simple note that almost all floating trade (ended up with a win or ended with account blew-up) is against trend from D1.

I will take this as a serious note for next version.

I hope this is the false signal filter that I'm looking for the last 3 months.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Aziz, maybe using the angle meter arrow as a filter would have prevented the EA from loading up on buying the comm doll pairs?  I don't really understand how the arrow filter works?  is there a way I could only have a buy sell entry on a pair using the M15 arrow?  do I just set the property as true and then keep the charts on 15 min?

--- 帖子 #442 ---
My idea is we should

Enter the market when price touch the zone r/s 61 and exit when its reach r\s 138. Search history with pivot volty.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Xtb Standard 5 dígit broker

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Yesterday at the height of volatility my total DD was $13K on the $100K (28pairs+Gold) account. With GBPJPY taking up a large chunk of DD.  Today the DD is down to $3K-$4K level as prices retraced.

I wonder if we do not trade the 38 S/R levels and increase the "profit in pips to start adding volume" from 5 to 10 or 15, will that help in mitigating large DD, what do you think Akangaziz?

Thanks,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Completely agree with you, mate. The original system does not trade 38R/S, only 61 & above. No idea why the OP opted for the 38R/S levels.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
I have the main 6 pairs, on a demo 10k. yestarday AUDUSD had about 75$ DD and same USDCAD. today AUDUSD closed with small loss and USDCAD still running.

the issue, that i see, is the number of open position during mega trend. on that demo i have a limit of 200 open positions.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Hi All

I love this thread and would like to see it succeed but i feel that to give it a real chance it needs to be changed, i think there should be:

1, a set account balance which everyone needs to stick to

easy to implement

2, A fixed risk in $$$$ for sl , now this is not easy as sl is determined by the expectation of the move from pivot to pivot so its dependant on the market from pair to pair, i dont know if this can be done

3, So as we have our set account balance we can then decide what our risk is , on main thread of pivot Davit says to risk only 2 to 3% of account , is this per trade or globally as with many trades running we are risking far mor , im assumimng its per trade so risk of account will be much greater at times

4, Everyone should be running the same set of pairs so when trades are taken with different broker its easy to compare outcome on main thread post #1

suggested pairs are UC AC NC EA AU GU NU AN EU Yen crosses like CJ NJ AJ , i think this would be good especially for ea as it rules out the big movers like geppy etc

Problems to overcome:

How to tell robot to scale in trades based on human feeling of PA and how many trades to risk?

How to tell Robot fundamentals are good or bad and even more how they combine over a space of time to strengthen or weaken a currency

this is just my little input to try and make this work if anyone can add to this or make my suggestions better then im sure it will help OP with his/her goal

of course delete if you think im wrong

thx wags

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Hi Fabio based on Davit thread with 6 pairs max open postions would be 60 to 90 , but also that would be max 10 to 15 per pair as well so if you cannot set open positions to pair trhen its all irrelivant

--- 帖子 #449 ---
I'm impressed that you bounced back.  I am still running v.51 and account went from 10300 down to 8000 but has only bounced back to 8800 now.  Most of my losses in gbpjpy.  I agree with you about both increasing profit in pips and maybe striking the 38s/r levels as trade triggers.  I still like the idea of only allowing a trade entry if there has been at least a 75% atr move as well.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
I totally disagree.  People should run the EA as they see fit, with whatever account size they choose too.  With whatever pairs they use.  Any bugs that arise should be reported back.  Any successes as well.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Then you obviously have no experience in testing a strategy on an EA , the EA is based on Davits pivot strat so what you are basically saying is you want to take away one of the most important parts of his strat?

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Really? I think it is you who hasn't a clue! What is the point of different people using the same ea, trading the same currency pairs, with the same size account, with the same $risk? Is that how Davit's system works? The EA will run the same on each platform except for small differences in brokers due to spreads, etc if everyone uses the same set of parameters, right? Regardless of whether it is running on one platform or 100. You are such an expert on Davit, is that how he trades? WTF do you mean I am taking away one of the most important parts of his strategy? What part of his strategy is that? Telling everyone exactly which pairs to trade and when to enter and where to put the stops? I think not, and that would get you banned after your first post on Davits thread.

So, I won't be joining you in testing the pairs that you want to test with the EA properties set just as you want them to be. I suspect you will have few takers.  I suggest you setup 10 or 100 demo accounts, install the EA on each one and let it run with exactly the same inputs. My guess is the results will be pretty close on all accounts. Have fun.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Hey Aziz, Is there a copy of v0.50 on this thread anywhere?  I did a quick search but only see v0.51.  I'd like to run the original if that is possible side by side with the other.  But with the pairs that I choose and the properties that I set.  Thanks!

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Hi Joe, I think Aziz is releasing v0.52 soon, so v0.50 will be superseded by it. v0.52 contains the extra "Aggressiveness" feature of v0.50 which you can opt to turn on/off.  See #Post 437 (https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...1#post11177121)

The other two posts from Akangaziz regarding v0.50:

#Post 208
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...9#post11145659

#Post 318
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post11158814

Cheers,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Hi akangaziz,

How this EA works will it open potion by using TDI Cross above and below or it will check the candle crosses above and below pivot lines

--- 帖子 #456 ---
It got resolved after adding the URL thanks

--- 帖子 #457 ---
I would like to update the results of my 2nd week test using v0.51 EA (28+Gold pairs forward test result based on $100K demo account with 0.1 lot size trades).

2nd week net profit was $1773.15, together with 1st week's net profit, it's $2661.85.

Last week, v0.51 opened/closed a total of 414 trades on 20 pairs, most profitable pair was XAUUSD, least profitable pair was USDCAD, see screenshot below.  At one point on 19 June my DD was hovering around $13K, now at the point of writing the DD is around $3K.  I do see the value in setting large SL, as prices tend to rebound/retrace, with smaller SL I believe many of my last week's positions would have been closed with huge losses.

Aziz, when will you release v0.52?

Thanks,

WindChaser

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Hello WindChaser,

could you post the indi summary please? i used to have it, but i cannot find it any longer

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Hi Fabio, the Trade Report Indicators are found among many threads on FF, one such location is

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...6#post10737056

Cheers,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #460 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Hy... no any news here? Is still new version in development?

Thanks

Regards

--- 帖子 #462 ---
not released yet. still busy with my job.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
awesome. there's a bug in v0.51 if lot size is not 0.01, sometimes it closed trades with minus not profit. it explains why the graphic is not smooth.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
v0.51 so far with the default setting. drawdown still big. v0.51 is not aggressive setting by default.

forward test since June 7th, 2018.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

v0.5 with the default setting, almost 100% profit. v0.50 is aggressive setting by default.

forward test since May, 30th, 2018.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Thanks for answer.. i'll wait for your update... take your time.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Okay, I didn't read every post, so maybe this question answered already; but if so, Post #1 needs updating.

I see these thing mentioned in Post #1 -

- this new thread is about Pivot Trading system, by Davit.

- Timeframe: H4 (based on backtesting in major pairs, H4 give me best result)

- what timeframe is suitable for Pivot Trading EA? so far H4 is the best

But my understanding of Davit Pivot trading is to use Weekly Pivots, so the price levels stay the same all week, Monday to Friday

So, for example, if the EA is selling the R61, it is the same price on 15 minutes chart as it is on the 4 Hours chart

I don't see how the backtesting can be affected by this Time Frames, if it is following the original concept.

There is a Trade Manager in that thread now, uses the Average True Range for Take Profit, makes sense to me, as every pair has different daily ranges.

Please, let me know. looks like it is doing great today with recovery!

--- 帖子 #467 ---
I think that's tf is related to tdi cross entry

--- 帖子 #468 ---
If that is the case, it's not trading Davit Pivot method, more like trading made simple

Thanks for your thoughts, interesting, I am reading the posts again to find out perhaps

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Hi Erebus, regarding the Trade Manager, do you mean the "DavitTradeManager_V1.ex4" found in the link below?

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...8#post11206868

Also, how's your experience been testing Aziz's EA?

Thanks,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #470 ---
YES, that is the Trade Manager, works great for manual trading

Not had time to try this EA yet, just watching the TE and following this thread

Have a great day

--- 帖子 #471 ---
6% drawdown, that is still somewhat modest considering the profits... I am cautiously optimistic.  Very much looking forward to the release of the next version.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Hey guys,

When I put the template on or the ea on a chart it always says "failed to get data from server, please check your setup"

Maybe the reason because I don't have the pivot indicator the right one ?

Thanks for the help

--- 帖子 #473 ---
This is my result since 20/06 with tf 30 min no s38r38 martingale 1.1 lot 0.02..

I can wait for next update to go live if is possible

Best rgards
https://i.gyazo.com/ff212cb06911d98c...e2f2323055.png

--- 帖子 #474 ---
nice!

--- 帖子 #475 ---
So, unless I am mistaken that is about 35% return in less than a full month on an initial account size 5k is that correct?  That is nice.  Definitely a good move to take out the 38 levels, unless perhaps it is a strongly trending pair, for example, next week I think I would be willing to let ea take short on au at r38 or long uc at s38?

Anyway, those are great results.

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Yes really good and I've hide first day in which I've used too aggressive martingale value for AUDJPY with good gain but also a huge dd.

Problem now is Ea seems stopped or better I've error in journal and no any orders opened so I don't know if EA is OK or not .. We'll see next week and hope for the update

Best regards

--- 帖子 #477 ---
GBPJPY last week. too early exit the trades. I still have homework to maximize profit from this kind of price movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Yes that is the "problem" in many cases... Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

...

and i think could be a great improvement add order for ATR  and not fixed pips.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #479 ---
yes, you are right.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
I want to know if I need any authorization from you to put the robot into a real account !!

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Hello akangaziz,

At GBP-YEN the H4 was a divergence, for me an entry signal, then until the next resistance.

Maybe you can incorporate divergence into your Ea.

Greeting Ritter3

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Hi Akangaziz, instead of the 100-pip take profit settings, can you code an alternative way to let the profit run and only close the trades using TDI/Angleator?

--- 帖子 #483 ---
u don't need it. anyway, current version has some serious bugs.

my advice, u need to wait for next version.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
hi, thanks for the idea. btw,  I'm not a big fans of divergence. it proof nothing so far.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
thanks. i take this as a note.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
I'm not sure if the goal should be maximizing profit here.  I think David's system is more about fading the move at s/r levels, and taking the easy money.  You'll always leave some profits on the table.  I think easiest to is the next major fib level or pick a percentage atr retrace.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Hi cescof!

Which version you use on the Account Equity Analyzer indicator. I found Account Equity Analyzer v4.1 + Draw Orders + Virtual Balance, but I can not compile it. Can you share the indicator?

Thanks!

Здрасти cescof!

Коя версия ползваш на индикатора Account Equity Analyzer. Намерих Account Equity Analyzer v4.1+Draw Orders+Virtual Balance, но не мога да я компилирам. Можеш да споделиш индикатора?

Благодаря!

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Hi akangaziz!

What to do in such situations? It has accumulated a lot of mistakes and since yesterday there is no trading for any pair.

Thanks!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Здрасти akangaziz!

Какво да правим в такива ситуации? Натрупва голямо количество грешки и от вчера няма търговия на нито една двойка.

Благодаря!

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Attached File(s)   AccountEquityAnalyzer v1.1.ex4

27 KB
|
412 downloads

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Thanks!

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Well I had this on demo and was very impressed with results, went live this week and preliminary results equally impressive until yesterday, when getting same errors as Juraia and no trades, big disappointment, hope it can be looked at soon.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Hello akangaziz, why we can't backtest the Pivot Trading EA v0.51 ?

--- 帖子 #494 ---
I think yesterday no trade were just related to market trend... i didn't see any good setup yesterday..

And yes i can't wait for ea update ...

Best regards

--- 帖子 #495 ---
this is my forward test

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Fabio did you trade on R S 38 or starting from R S 61? Other EA parameters as default? what pairs? thanks

--- 帖子 #497 ---
all default, also because i have not understood how to change the R S level to trade, if you could tell me, please?

but i did change the MartiMultiplier to 1.1

--- 帖子 #498 ---
just go in the ea settings and set trade on RS38 to false, is there a specific reason you set multiplier to 1.1?

--- 帖子 #499 ---
because when you start adding up weight, positions, you get a better return.

with 1.0, you either get a small loss or a breakeven

yes it is a bit more risky and will tell, but if you are afraid that the total lot grows too rapidly you can always space out more the position

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Attached Image    Attachment g
Self explaining error message...my fav....

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Hi dude, are you follow the setup instruction? usually, it's because you missed 1 step in setup. find in this thread

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Simply tell me whats step one!

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Here it is:

4. from MT4 menu, click  Tools   >   Options   >.  Expert Advisor. and ADD: http://skycode.co.id   for   Web Request.

i had the same problem until I re-read the instructions for installation. It escaped me too...

Best regards @Reteid, your indicator is in good use by the way. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Thank you...what are the rules ...i need them for testing!

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Load it on a Demo account, preferably 4H timeframe according to Akangaziz [Automatic trading]. Try it on the major pairs and others (use different magic number for each pair).

--- 帖子 #506 ---
i am not sure, butbi doubt that this ea will backtest nicely, due to the MTF nature of the main indi

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Entry for BUY/SELL only in the following

levels :

H3 / H4 / L3 / L4 :

___________________

Indicators used for filtering entries :

_______________________________________

1. EMA 21, EMA 33, EMA 55

2. CCI (14) + 100  /  - 100

3. DEFAULT MACD SETTINGS

Upside (Buy Entry ):

____________________

When EMA 21> EMA 33 > EMA 55 Along with

CCI(14) > + 100 , MACD Above zero, we

wait for a price candle to touch either

H3/H4/L3/L4 to take a buy entry

stoploss :

__________

0.5 % below from the camarilla

level at downside.

target :

________

nearby camarilla level at upside.

Downside ( Sell Entry ) :

__________________________

When EMA 21 < EMA 33 < EMA 55 Along with

CCI(14) < - 100 , MACD below zero, we

wait for a price candle to touch either

H3/H4/L3/L4 to take a sell entry

stoploss :

__________

0.5 % above from the camarilla

level at upside.

target :

________

nearby camarilla level at downside.

** Entries strictly at L3/L4/H3/H4

** Exit (stoploss) strictly at nearby below / above

camarilla levels.

** If first entry is profit no more trading

** If first entry is loss, the next entry

can be done

** if both entries loss, no more trading for the day.

** signals after 3 pm can be ignored.

_________________________________________________

--- 帖子 #508 ---
can i get customized indicator for the above concept..??

--- 帖子 #509 ---
I believe you are posting this in the wrong thread. find another thread, bro.

--- 帖子 #510 ---
just finished the development for v0.6, still testing ATR for tp and sl. a lot of improvement.

will share this week soon. v0.6 will fwd test using real account.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
hi there, can i ask the purpose of the web request?

--- 帖子 #512 ---
in previous version, it is for account and ea validation.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
so i guess at dome point this will become a commercial product?

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I think there's a bug with the last version, it opened trades at weekly pivot instead of RS61 and beyond...

--- 帖子 #515 ---
yes, usually  because of same magic number with other chart.

in new version already fixed

--- 帖子 #516 ---
read page 1.

--- 帖子 #517 ---
sorry forgot the very first post you mentioned already.

so far the EA is doing fine, 20 charts now, martiMultilier=1.1, rest of parameters as per default default, later I will attach the log, in a zip, but i have not seen any odd behaviour or as not per rules.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
i have a question, does it change the pivots every week or it stays the same  ? because i have the indicator someone shared in davits forum which automatically it to the present weekly pivot

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Hello akangaziz

Any ideas why I keep getting these errors?

I have followed everything from the beginning and was working perfectly until about a week ago, nothing since then, just the following errors in the event log

I have got http://skycode.co.id in the options experts tab.....

2018.07.09 20:00:32.934 rAlgo_pivot_trading_v0.51 CHFJPY,H4: WebRequest error code: 4000

2018.07.09 20:00:32.934 rAlgo_pivot_trading_v0.51 CHFJPY,H4: WebRequest response code: 502

--- 帖子 #520 ---
I paid attention to that, every chart has different magic number...it's not because of that.

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Akangaziz, I ran the v0.51 EA on 28 pairs (and XAUUSD), using the SAME Magic Number, it worked fine on the demo account.  Do you know why?  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
yes, me too. that part still mysterious.

--- 帖子 #523 ---
I just realize FBS is not listed in ForexFactory Trade Explorer.

I will post the trade result for v0.6 in myfxbook .

--- 帖子 #524 ---
As those links are to paid signals, I suggest you either remove them or FF will force you to become a commercial member.....

--- 帖子 #525 ---
you can't set to 0 for real account signal in mql5.

The basic subscription price is set per month and cannot be lower than 30 USD.
Only signals based on demo accounts can be provided for free.

so I have to find another trading publisher because I can't use FF trade explorer.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Try Myfxbook,,, is very good

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Yes, I totally understand that, but that doesn't change the FF rules. As suggested above, try MyFXBook

--- 帖子 #528 ---
ok will try myfxbook. thanks .

--- 帖子 #529 ---
today progress.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
This ea is like a wild lion....

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Timframe is H4 not M30

--- 帖子 #532 ---
you can turn off the marti setting and see the difference.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
ok...thx 2 U!

--- 帖子 #534 ---
result for two days:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Weird, i cant backtest this, i already allow his website and everything, anyone got the same problem?

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Test from 7/2 - 7/10. Not bad for doing nothing.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
You cant backtest this Ea

--- 帖子 #538 ---
v0.6 result after 24 hours in real account so far.  with long term setting.

maximum profit setup (use big TP,  enable close trade if TDI crossing in the opposite direction): TF H4, TF entry/exit setting use M15 (aggressive setup), TP 500 pips, in 20 pairs.

the idea of long term setting is we will let the EA keep the profitable trades until reaches TP (500 pips) or close trade once the TDI changes. this is risky because sometimes the price move against the trade after some floating profits.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

v0.6 result after 24 hours in a real account so far. with short-term setting.

quick profit setup (use default TP, enable close trade if TDI crossing in the opposite direction): TF H4, TF entry/exit setting use M15 (aggressive setup), TP 100 pips, in 20 pairs.

I also have a problem with v0.6, especially with ATR setup. do I need to share it now or wait until I fix the ATR feature fixed?

ATR setting in v0.6 will let define the TP, SL and pips distance based on multiplier value from ATR (14). so basically, each pair will have their own unique TP, SL, and pips distance because their ATR will different with other pairs.

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Hi Bro,  you can share it if you want, that way we can test to to see how goes

Thanks

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Hi, Can you share which 20pairs you are using?

--- 帖子 #541 ---
yes, correct. i find issue to get TDI working good with David's pivot. I need more time to fix it. but in fwd test, my ea can read output from TDI Indi very well.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
almost all major pairs.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Great results, look forward to testing it.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
G'day,

The automation of the strategy will be a very powerful tool.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
I find pivot points to be best as probable targets than ATR values, afterall we are doing swing trading so it would be nice a programmable pivot points TP feature for example if we bought at S61, to be able to close xx% at S38 and xx% at weekly pivot would be sweet.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
can you explain more about close xx% at S38? thanks

--- 帖子 #547 ---
xx stands for an amount that can be choosen by the user, for example if we are long from S61 close 50% of the open positions at S38 and 50% at weekly pivot, or 33% at S38, 33% at WP and 33% at R38.

--- 帖子 #548 ---
here we go. Pivot Trading EA v0.6

download here: https://goo.gl/M8PyLA

bugs fixed:

- error code 400 & 403 when calling web service

- incorrect pips calculation when closing all trades if lot size is more than 0.01

- increase accuration for entry/exit. now you can choose which timeframe you want for entry & exit confirmation. more smaller the timeframe confirmation, more aggressive the EA. M15/M30 is aggressive setting, H1 & H4 is moderate.

new feature:

- ATR ----> still have bugs, need more time to fix this. you can use this ATR setting to true only if you use a demo account, don't use in real account. still experimental.

- more tight SL value. v0.51 the SL is in S200/R200 if martingale is active, now in v0.6 SL is 2 pivot line distance from the current price. ex: if order opened in S38, SL value is more or less at S78.

- trade protection setting if trade takes more than 24 hours. you can set this from setting. if EA trade more than 24 hour and still not TP or still not closed by opposite TDI cross, EA will close the trade at minimum 1 pips profit. this is to prevent floating trades more than a day, especially for short-term setting.

- maximizing the profit by use long-term setting. long term setting is let the EA open the existing trades until the TDI cross in the opposite direction. Or if certain pips (ex: 500 pips) is reached, EA will close all trades. this setting is more risky but more profitable for a long term. use at your own risk!

- setting limit for max opened trades

backlog:

- fix ATR calculation

- news filter: this part still not integrated yet because I still need to find out what is the good mechanism to close or let the trades running after/before news.

-

known bugs:

- sometime you will find pivot line is not displayed properly in your second chart, usually works in 1st chart. this is known bugs, but doesn't impact pivot calculation .it's only for display purpose.

- indicator TDI-RT-Clone-rAlgo still use the previous version. I know sometimes it takes time to load indi for the first time (little bit slow), but after first init it will works well.

term of use:

1. use this EA at your own risk.

2. author can't guarantee the trading will always profit or will not MC.

3. your account information is synced to my server for monitoring purpose (account size, account number, leverage, broker name, account owner, EA version), If disagree with this, please don't use my EA.

note:

1. I forward test v0.6 inFBS (2 accounts. 1 with short-term setting with 1000 usd initial balance, 1 with long-term setting with 920 usd initial balance) Tickmill: short-term setting with 610 usd balance. 2. you can test at any broker. my recommendation is put EA at TF H4 only. and set the entry/exit confirmation to M15 or M30 for aggresive setting (possible MC if balance is low or trend is strong) or use H1 or H4 for moderate setting.

3. better to turn-off EA before big news release to prevent strong trend.

v0.6 short-term setting:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

v0.6 long-term setting:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #549 ---
I like how you crossed out some parts of your posts. I wonder why he keeps doing that. Turning potential friends  to enemies.

It's like someone asking for directions and you tell the person to read the street signs (which is OK) but you go a step further and insult the person for not knowing where the street sign is.

I'm not able to use your EA (because I haven't tried). I'm still placing my trades manually with the spare time I get. Good job making an EA

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Beware for the release of "BOC Rate Statement" today.  prefer to close all position before the news release. can continue 1 or 2 hours after the release.

keep watching your news calendar!

--- 帖子 #551 ---
the difference between short-term setting & long-term setting (actually it is about TP). see the setting from my previous post.

this is aggressive short-term setting result for AUDCHF yesterday: entry/exit TF M15, TP 100 pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

this is aggressive long-term setting result for AUDCHF yesterday: entry/exit TF M15, TP 500 pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

can you see the difference?

--- 帖子 #552 ---
CADJPY result. long-term setup (bigs pips setting):
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

CADJPY result. short-term setup (small pips setting, scalper style):
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

both settings will expect to close trades max after 24hours, even with  1 pips accumulative profit. but if still floating, it will always open until profit 1 pips or hit SL or TDI cross in the opposite direction or there's big candle (opposite direction) in H1 TF. this is to prevent EA from more than 1 day floating, because if floating more than 1 day, it means there's problem in entry accuration.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
is it real account? if yes, please upgrade to v0.6. and, your balance is too low. please only trade max 5-7 pairs only with 300 usd.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
progress from yesterday, with no issue on log. in order to replicate the same setting as 0.51 i guess i have to set up as per short term? also do you mind if i keep this demo going?

--- 帖子 #555 ---
The first post state that backtested in 4 hr timeframe.

Is that not possible to do anymore?

Akang perhaps the TP should be set at the nearest pivot, when it touched 100 set to 78, 78 to 61, but if the price starts from 61 but it jumps to 78, then all order closed when it touched 61, ive seen many post on davit does that, and maybe a line in a chart as a close all order line instead of percentage of equity as money management.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
How to install the Expert? I would like to try in demo for some time but it give's a error msg when i try to load the EA into EURUSD

--- 帖子 #557 ---
I am getting this ERROR when i try to load the EA into my Demo account
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Another addition that i think could be useful is making the first position's SL and TP to close all order and add a break even and break even slide function, this will make sure when the SL is triggered we lose x pips from only a few lot instead of full lot.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
The instruction is on the links from first page, you have to allow website links in your dll.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
pls read page 1 and find the link for installation v0.51, same method.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
I think you may want to attach the instructions from page 9 on the thread or move those instructions to page 1 and you will avoid getting so many installation questions, page 1 does not have all the details required for setup of EA (I think?).  Just trying to make it easier for you so you don't get bombarded with the same questions from 30 different users.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
the template seems to be loading fine on most pairs, but for some reason the pivots on usdcad seem to be way off, for example this week it indicates the pair has touched low b/w s138-161, and has been below s78 for the entire week.  Does anyone have any ideas how to correct this?  I have deleted chart and reinstalled the template onto it, just cannot get it to look correct. Any reply would be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
what is the easiest way to do this?  Turn off auto trading on each chart?  or just close down mt4?

--- 帖子 #564 ---
I loaded a lot of them on the VPS. MT4 crashed and couldn't open it.Ha ha 。
Ideal pair of currencies  EU AU EG EA  UCH UCA  AJ 。？

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Eight pairs open, 0.51 。

--- 帖子 #566 ---
default setting，How do I get rid of that，TDI angle   “？”symbol。

--- 帖子 #567 ---
I think this EA need a spread Filter to avoid high spread.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
I got notification Program Terminate Itself on v0.6 hen I try to change symbol currency. What I should do to fix it? Thx.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Hi akangaziz ,

i'm live on account of 471€ with 8 pair AU, EU, GB, UC ,UJ, NZ, EAU, EJ, you think it's too risky?

Thanks for the EA

--- 帖子 #570 ---
This ea looks gtreat. I downloaded and set it up on 6 pairs yesterday, after a few minutes it trigard the first trade on USDCAD and this morning closed the trade with 100 pips gained. Looking at what will happen today and tomorrow thereafter going life on a micro account. Thanks for thia good work.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Akangaziz, I'm assuming this version will not open trades on Friday; does it close all trades Friday am?  Or just not open new trades?  I don't see this as a choice on the inputs.  Thanks, it looks really incredible!

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Got 2 more trades today from the 6 pairs. 1. Another USDCAD trade trigard and closed with cumulative 100 pips and 2. GOLD closed also with 100 pips cumulative. Done for today thanks to Akangaziz for this great work and for the good spirit.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
yes, it will not open initial trades on Friday. but for existing trades will continue unless hit TP or SL or meet other exit rules.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
good setup!

--- 帖子 #575 ---
yes too risky. just use 2-3 pairs with default setting. or if you insist want to use 8 pairs, increase value setting for:

- profit in pips to start adding volume from 5 to 20

- profit in pips to close all trades from 100 to 50 or 70

- timeframe for entry/exit confirmation if TDI crossing: from M15 to H1

- TDI max for BUY: from 40 to 30 or 20

- TDI min for SELL: from 60 to 70 or 80. remember, the total of TDI max for buy + TDI min for SELL must equal with 100

the setting above may be can save your account (default setting is aggressive)  from quick mc but pls always stop EA  during the news release.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
thanks. I will take a look for this.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
for me, I will disable EA (to prevent EA open initial trade). and take a look for other pairs (if we have floating trades), will close all floating trades if the historical impact for news is BIG, no matter how big the loss. but if a historical impact is not big, i will let it run.

the good thing from v0.6 is the SL is tighter/slimmer than prev version. usually, SL size is 2-3 time from TP size. ex if TP with default setting is you will get 10 usd, if SL you will loss around 20-30 USD.  but pls note that in 1 day you will have more TP or profit trades than SL trades. for long-term, this is profitable.

1 SL can be paid by 2 or 3 TP. and in 1 day you will have a lot trading opportunity from many pairs. based on my random calculation in v0.6, usually profit or TP trades vs SL trades is around 5:1.

cmiiw

--- 帖子 #578 ---
usually because you forgot to add "http://skycode.co.id" in web request setting. from Tools > Option.

or it happens during the EA initialization to validate the account & EA version from server. if this happen, just re-attach EA to chart.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
change the language for your MT4 to English. I think the indicator can't support the chinese text.

cmiiw.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
OK

--- 帖子 #581 ---
By my side I've started with default set but I had sl reached for cadjpy and audjpy... With 72 € loss sadly real..... I wish for the future... Maybe sl is not a good choice for this kind of system ..

Thanks for effort

Regards

--- 帖子 #582 ---
default set short settings, bad ea

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Akangaziz, loaded on 6 pairs 4hTF will see if any trigger today (Aus time).

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Hi Fernand, as you know no EA is perfect, otherwise it would be the "Holy Grail".

The v0.51 Pivot EA is still work in progress ("Beta" in software terms), that's why its version name is still staring with 0.xx, once the EA is steady and ready, it will be versioned as v1.0.  Also, the choice of which pairs to trade, would affect the profitability of this EA, since it's not suitable for some hyper-crossing pairs.

Respectfully, if you are running this EA in a real-money account, you have to assume the risks and take responsibility for your action and come to terms with any losses.

Green pips,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #585 ---
pelease share the  2018: v0.6  on this BBS,China can't download on https://goo.gl/M8PyLA,can't  onlie!!!

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Might not have much success as it is the end of the week, but LO and NYO may check a few things...!

--- 帖子 #587 ---
i have 19 pairs running for about 48 hours, default settings, yet no trades triggered.  I'm just curious if anyone else has had this occur?

--- 帖子 #588 ---
It's a pivot EA, if no condition exists EA will not open trade. Isn't scalping EA.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
LOL you are looking for the holy grail EA? Did you see such of EA that opened only prifitable positions? 2nd: using this trading method (pivot by Davit) will you see sometimes losses but in total you will win and the profit will more than the loss.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
And yet, so understand the importance of this:

--- 帖子 #591 ---
"TF entry/exit for TDI Crossing" setting if you use M15 then it's aggressive setting. you can change this to a moderate value like H1 or H4.

SL is tighter in v0.6 to prevent floating in loss for more than 1 or 2 days.

I can't guarantee the result will always good. what can I recommend is if you plan for long-term profit, then u need to have a conservative setting (not aggressive).

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Thank you for your hard work akangaziz!! Is it still disabled for trading on Friday?

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Keep working, VPS 24 hours

--- 帖子 #594 ---
What pairs are you using?

--- 帖子 #595 ---
[quote = ordosgoitia; 11260394] {quote}你在使用什么对？[/ quote]

6.0 .

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Profits from ACH  NCH NJ

--- 帖子 #597 ---
No closed orders CA-CH

--- 帖子 #598 ---
“SL is tighter in v0.6 to prevent floating in loss for more than 1 or 2 days”

Aziz, I think Davit’s method allow up to one week for floating loss, as long as the total DD for a particular swing/pair does not exceed a pre-determined amount (eg $500 SL)

Is there a setting which you can code to allow looser SL threshold?

Thanks a lot,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #599 ---
yes, you are right. there is max dd setting, but  SL is 2 pivot distance from open price in v0.6.

let see 1 more week to check performance for this SL.

if not good enough, we can change or improve it.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
In my opinion, if trying to imulate Davits strategy you should always start trading at R/S 61 and make your SL at R/S 138. Use the pip distance between the 61 and 138 pivots as your SL and figuring your lot sizes, not just randomly 2 pivot levels, that is not his strategy. Once price goes past R/S 100 it could be in a trend. R/S 100 is still a tradable  pivot , hence using R/S138 as your SL.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
spot on! once we selected how much we want to risk per swing trade and distance and numbers of limit orders than an EA like this could help a lot.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
I receive the same error,plz tell me how did u fix this problem?

--- 帖子 #603 ---
where is v06 of this EA?i don't find it here.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
bojak u missing something still

--- 帖子 #605 ---
page 29

--- 帖子 #606 ---
sorry I still don't find new version in whole thread,not even on page 29.please guide me.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
The link is in post 1....

--- 帖子 #608 ---
This is better than trading without stop loss.

Well done

--- 帖子 #609 ---
When I was studying Davit's pivot trading method I was thinking, an EA of this would be awesome! I have just stumbled upon your thread and it made me really happy to see it's going so well. Great job on making the EA

I will be following to see if I can be of any help.  I trade the pivot method manually at the moment.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
I get some feedback from member here about tight SL , so  now I'm preparing v0.7 to fix some problems in v0.6:

- SL

- fix bug in entry. somehow EA open the trade not exactly at TDI crossing.

- remove ATR feature (useless for longterm trade / trade with > 500 pips TP)

- fix bug for max trade hour calculation

- enable the backtest, but I will selected only few people to have backtest access.

How to have backtest access:

- post the EA progress (chart picture or EA trade result picture): each posting will have 10 point. max 1 pic per pair per day or per cycle. only valid for v0.7 above.

- never post unrelated content (ex: post useless indicator that even not related with Pivot Trading. indicator for trading summary is allowed.): each mistake related with this will reduce 50 point.

- don't give your bad review or your bad opinion about other FF member in my thread, ex: posting about negative things about Davit,  you will loss all the point  (better you create your own thread to talk about it).. Remember, Davit is the one who give us this amazing trading strategy. we owe him.

- active give input based on your forward test. each input (that make sense for future development) will have 30 point.

member with minimum point 200 will get free backtest access from me. The backtest code will be sent by PM once you get 200 point.

point calculation will be reviewed every 3 days or follow my availability.

thanks

--- 帖子 #611 ---
SL at SR138 and possibility to choose number of entries and %equity to risk at each swing would be very very cool Akangaziz

thanks for your updates

best regards

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Do you mean access to forward testing? In the sense that people will be able to test it live.

I'm really happy that you're giving Davit all the credit for the strategy and so much respect; he has worked very hard and deserves it all.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Hello, I would like to ask a question, after this EA is finalized, will it be distributed for free?

----

I started testing EA this month, I left it at 3 vps.

100 $ (very conserved)

500 $ (moderate)

1000 $ (aggressive medium)

Soon I will post the results, I will this put in myfxbook

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Akangaziz, Is it possible to add long only/short only to the EA?  I'm just curious (and I know that this is not staying true to Davits Strategy, but I do think it would be nice feature).  The reason that I ask this is I would much rather use the ea to get an entry that correlates with the trend on a longer timeframe.  I'd feel much more comfortable for example, setting the EA up so that it might take a sell on the pair at r38, but I would not really feel comfortable buying it on s38... In fact at this point I might not want to buy it even at s100.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
v0.7 will take SL 100% from entry price. SL for S38 is S138, S61 is S161, S78 is S200 (I don't have S178 ), S100 is S200

and %equity setting already there since v0.5. but with a different concept. it will close all trade in 1 pair if floating more than x% value, where x is defined as max drawdown in EA setting.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
for backtest only. with proper backtest method, you will get a big picture how the EA works. of course backtest can't guarantee future result, but we want to cover all technical possibilities. esp with big trend.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
that filter is done in MT4 level.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Hi,  The link on page 28 cannot be downloaded. /微笑

v0.6 download here: https://goo.gl/M8PyLA

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Can only be tested in windows, mac does not have a c drive.

--- 帖子 #620 ---
The result for the last week.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Many more lots are open - https://drive.google.com/open?id=1kq...D6FFS6I4WiIZtM

Now I set up 3 trading options on my VPS server.

1. Version 0.5 with default settings

2. Version 0.6 short

3. Version 0.6 long. While everything is on a demo account. But I want to test it on the real one.

I want to experiment with "TF for Entry/Exit" ...

I made two more options.

Short - Enter/Exit M30

Long - Enter/Exit M30

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Hi, i downloaded v0.6 but get an error when trying to use it in MT4: "failed get data from server, please check your setup!"

For reference, the fix is:

from MT4 menu, click Tools > Options >. Expert Advisor. and ADD: http://skycode.co.id for Web Request.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
you can't backtest this EA.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
For next update , could you solve problem for refresh pivot line draw automatically every week. Now to have the right pivot on the charts we have to reload Ea manually for every pairs.

Thanks

Regards

--- 帖子 #624 ---
one quick solution, restart your terminal. this ea handles that very well

--- 帖子 #625 ---
why i have this msg?

i put the page and all

--- 帖子 #626 ---
integral

--- 帖子 #627 ---
integral

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Time + price + loneliness=

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Excellent result

--- 帖子 #630 ---
hello akangaziz  .

Weekly metrics are updated automatically, or do you need to close them and restart them?

--- 帖子 #631 ---
The second you said.... Manually refresh or restart mt4

--- 帖子 #632 ---
thank you

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Are you using the default settings?  If not, can you please share?  Are you on H$ timeframe?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Hi, akangaziz.

I'll drop you the test results in a folder - https://drive.google.com/open?id=1wD...NC1q-2PC-PdtwD

I will try to do this every day or once every two days, also hope to get a new version for testing

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Hi, I put this EA on EURUSD, GBPUSD, USDJPY & EURGBP on H4. Smiley face with no errors. Autotrade enabled. But no trades. Please advise.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Very interesting. I'm concerned about how many open trades in the negative it has.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
I started trying to learn these methods like a month ago.

And test this couple weeks ago

Here are open trades I have for this week all setting 1 hr.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #638 ---
here are the results of the testing i did so far

Attachment g

--- 帖子 #639 ---
can you help me PLEASE?

why connot play the ea?

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Default setting, H4

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Hello everyone/anyone. I have wanted to trade this method for several months but I havent been able to due to my personal time constraints. This EA is definitely appreciated. Thank you Akangaziz.

I put the EA on a few charts but I keep getting a webrequest error code: 4000 and 503. Any body else encounter this? I have the URL allowed already and verified that I typed it in correctly.

Any help would be appreciated. Thank.s

--- 帖子 #642 ---
guys, I experiment with v0.7 now. In v0.6 if use tf entry/exit M15 somehow it cause a big drawdown because of entry accuracy.

download v0.7: https://goo.gl/3F3L2a

changes log:

1. remove entry/exit option, it will follow timeframe where EA attached.

2. increase possibility to WIN. i got this conclusion from backtest.

3. backtest enable. If you think you are a good strategy tester, just keep posting in this thread. I will PM you once you are able to get backtest code.

here the status in my 3 account:

1. FBS short-term setting: 19% profit. still use v0.6

2. FBS long-term setting: 30% profit. still use v0.6

3. Tickmill short-term setting: loss 2%. I change to v0.7 default (default setting is long-term setting).

--- 帖子 #643 ---
hi akangaziz

i was using the v 0.6 and i think i found the problem for such dd

i liked the lower time frame entry, cause it gives a faster entry.. but i notice why it was not working properly

pls try to do this, and run a backtest if it works fine update it to newer version.

keep the lower TF entry.. 15M/1H

and create a rule to only place the first order if the TDi (fast?green) is above or below the 70-30 (or other period, but i like this ones) on current time frame.. 4H

this will keep the davits logic without adding any indicators, with a faster entry, and without that many false entrys.. i hope

btw version 6 is working for me.. i dont know why 5.1 wasnt

--- 帖子 #644 ---
thanks for your feedback.

how's the result so far? would you like to help to find a good setting for EA v0.6 based on lower timeframe entry? if yes, I will PM you for "how to backtest".

--- 帖子 #645 ---
no problem just send me the version 6 available.. maybe i can find some values and TF entrys..

i also need to know how arrow filters works.

i dont think the angle could really be a good add on for this ea in particulary but... i suspect that one rule like this could seriorsly improve it:

dont buy if higher or current time frame arrow red

dont sell if higheror current time frame arrow green

this could stop the ea from tryng to catch falling nifes.. the price usualy stays in the pivot some time allowing the daily arrow change to neutral before decide to make a 4H reverse.. but i truly i dont know if is better to make on current TF or on higher TF.. that need to be tested

i just started the EA on 6 pairs this week on opening.. have some floating loss. nothing to worrie.

long term (500), no marti, 15min entry, all pivot

--- 帖子 #646 ---
but keep mind that adding the rule on the previous post could make the lower TF entry useless since the neutral arrow will be after the TDi lower TF cross

let me analise this first before making any changes.. maybe theres a possibliy it works depend on the tf for entry logic and TF entry filter

--- 帖子 #647 ---
total account balance using EA pivot trading (from all version). in USD:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

501.253,41 USD

--- 帖子 #648 ---
well there no need to send the "how to backtest" at least for now. did it visual.. old school style..

on the entry TF logic your right. its better to have it on the current TF.. the 15M its madness and the 1H gives almost no extra value, even with the 4H abouve/below tdi values rule.

about the arrows slope it needs to be on the next higher time frame to be useful current 4H.. tdi slope 1D.. (if you want to implement it)

not buy on red arrows

not sell on green arrows

on TDI values if the rule above where to be implemented it truly needs to be on 60-40 values to give space to price and tdi make the cross.

i still thing if you dont implement the rule it could be some margin for an tdi optimization, around 65-35. but the tdi slope arrows colour seems a good defence agains strong trends

--- 帖子 #649 ---
may be im invisible

--- 帖子 #650 ---
follow the steps on post 178 pg. 9

use it with the latest ea post 649 pg. 33

dont forget to allow the experts and the link if you accept the terms (read post 1)

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Hi akangaziz

I install EA and Config it,can help me how start trade?

Do I must start trade manually?

--- 帖子 #652 ---
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1rV..._Jw45SVNdNjXMW

0.6

4. Long - Enter / Exit M30

This is, until the best result of 5 possible options

--- 帖子 #653 ---
No you have to wait for trade condition are met

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Hi

What consfig are you using?, what time frame?, what Pairs?

--- 帖子 #655 ---
@akangaziz

Will v6.0 be disabled?

I'm testing it on TF H1, it looks promising for now.

I wonder if she's going to be any longer, because I'll continue the test for another 30 days.

Obs: Sorry for English.

I'm using google translator.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Why you don't allow all traders to make backtest with your EA?

--- 帖子 #657 ---
good day for everyone I started to try the EA I could inform the following message why it appears, thanks

--- 帖子 #658 ---
you can use it, no problem.. you don't have to use the new version.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
because not everyone know how to do a backtest with 99.9% data modeling and have good capacity to find good setting for EA.

they also need to know how the EA works.

based on my experience, reading and follow-up feedback from incapable tester is wasting time.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
you can run only the ea you donrd need to attach the template, if i want ti chenk the set up i do it on another chart

--- 帖子 #661 ---
I setup the 0.7 EA on Live Global Prime account. On Default 12 pairs/4H 24/7vps. Ill keep you updated how it goes.  fun to test new EA's.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
here's the results to the 1 hr charts from yesterday

on pause now till I setup next version.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #663 ---
not bad. what setting you use for tf entry/exit? what timeframe?

--- 帖子 #664 ---
these are the settings I used

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #665 ---
just all 1 hour for time frame

--- 帖子 #666 ---
@akangaziz

I would suggest an option for EA.

Just a "suggestion", would it be possible to add an option in EA to stop trading and close all trades 60mins before a high volatility news, as shown in red in the forum calendar, and re-trading 30 mins later?

--------

--- 帖子 #667 ---
yes, already in my roadmap. thanks.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Hi,

I just start with 0.7 EA version

to be honest I start with EUNOK, happy that I have trade; and I saw that that spread is 63 pips - creazy . Now is little better

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Punten kang Aziz,

i don't mean to put negative comment, but as long as my experience as a trader, its difficult for me to trust the backtest result. manytimes I do the backtest with the result are amazing, but in forward test, the result are the opposites.

so in my opinion kang... the good thing is to trust the FT even you have to consume a lot of time. it's pain but it works. itu aja dulu sih kang. punten saya mulai ikutan FT EA nya ya kang. Makasih.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #671 ---
why does it put profit at weekly pivot even if "profit in pips to close all trades" parameter is set to a different value?

--- 帖子 #672 ---
can any one put the template because its terminate it self for me

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Make sure you have done this: from MT4 menu, click Tools > Options >. Expert Advisor. and ADD: http://skycode.co.id for Web Request. Make sure magic number (from EA propeties) is unique for every chart and currency pair opened. I hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
its working

thanks

--- 帖子 #675 ---
open trades from v0.7

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #676 ---
V0.6

Pars H4

TF IN EA CONFIRMATION H1

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Hi, I have just downloaded the Ea but it does not get the information from the server? any clues anyone?

--- 帖子 #678 ---
The error codes I posted about previously seem to not affect the EA since it has taken some trades since then.

I am personally not a big fan of backtests. Forward tests is where you get a real feel for the strategy. I have seen backtests give different results than the same test period from a forward test. Many variables come into play in live trading that are not there in backtests. Even when you use 99.9% quality. However, backtests are important to verify the EA and trading logic.

I wont be able to post too many trade setups due to time but I will pop in sometimes to show some of the more interesting setups. Here are two from today. Very precise. Both trades closed within pips of the top/bottom of the moves. Like a close shave with a sharp razor.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #679 ---
awesome.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
amazing result. would you like to share the full EA setting?

--- 帖子 #681 ---
nice.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
not bad for starter.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
sure, no problem mas bro.

--- 帖子 #684 ---
reject from S100. precise entry.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Hi , can i ask you in how many pair and wich you use for this EA ?? also the setting is on default??

thanks.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Hi Aziz, good day, I was busy with work the past few days and only found out today that you released v0.7 two days ago, THANK YOU and kudos!

I have been testing v0.6 the past week and the profit was $600 (CENTS), my personal feedback is that the "Timeframe for Entry/Exit" settings in v0.6 caused the EA to stop-loss the running trades too soon, however one thing good about v0.6 was the relatively low DD. All said, I am looking forward to test v0.7 starting today (not a great day to start since it's end of the trading week, but heck, let's put the EA through its paces).

Question regarding "use angle meter arrow as entry filter" and "use angle meter degrees as entry filter" settings, do you suggest we turn them ON or OFF?

Green pips everyone, and thank you once again, Aziz!

Cheers,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Hi Aziz,

I examined the new trades opened by v0.7 on GBPJPY, found an odd behavior, do you know why in a span of few seconds it opened these trades with almost the same prices?

Thanks,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #688 ---
here's the results from my first day with v0.7

maybe I don't manage things as well as i could but I still try it's not easy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Where can I get version 0.7 to test??

--- 帖子 #690 ---
post 649

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Post #649, I attach one v0.7 copy here.

Remember to click the AutoTrading button and add http://skycode.co.id in Tools -> Options -> Expert Advisors tab on the MT4 terminal, otherwise, it won't work.

Timeframe H4, so far the best pairs for me are XAUUSD and USDCAD, I suggest you can try it on the majors and see how it goes.

Green pips,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Default settings or any changes?

--- 帖子 #693 ---
You can try default settings first.  Check out Post 616 (https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post11263164) and complete the requirements there to get the free v0.7 backtest access from Aziz.  Cheers.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Which indicators needs the EA?

--- 帖子 #695 ---
My screens looks like the following....I do not see the window for the TDI-RT-Clone-rAlgo. I am assuming that I need to add that indicator. did a search and could not find it.

Please advise. I did add the url for the ea to work.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #696 ---
@mrbilio and @noshali, Aziz has coded all the necessary indicators into the EA, so there is no other indicators you need to add.  But even if you would like to add them, that's more for your understanding and evaluation.

@noshali, if you see the smiley face on top right corner of your chart, that's a good sign.  Also, you can check the "Experts" tab of the Terminal to see the EA action log/messages.

The pivot lines drawn by this EA can be erratic sometimes, I am not sure if @akangaziz has fixed it in v0.7, I believe even if the visual pivot lines are not drawn correctly on the charts, the EA is still working fine and would trade at the correct R/S pivot points.

Cheers,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #697 ---
By my side I'm in live with 0.70 I'm not at home in these days and I'll post result here next days even if I have closed some positions manually near to ea tp just to avoid possible retrace. So 0.70 seems really good.

I don't understoood if in this version Atr is usable or not.

Best regards Anda thanks for your effort

--- 帖子 #698 ---
I guess we do have to report any issues with the EA.

Pivot lines are not being drawn on the chart. Also, how many trades should we expect in a day or a week?

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Try to reload Ea or restart mt4

--- 帖子 #700 ---
For v0.7 EA, if the default value of "profit in pips to calose all trades" is "1000", that might be too high a target for the EA to close, I suggest you put "100" or "200" or "300". Perhaps the backtest will be able to tell us what's the best value for this particular setting.  "max opened trades" is another setting which you can increase to add more positions for a particular swing.

As your test progresses, you can choose to add some excitement (read: risk) by setting "lot multiplier for martingale" to "1.1" or "1.2". You can also consider changing the "profit in pips to start adding volume" value, the bigger the value the lesser the risk (to some extend).

Cheers,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #701 ---
cescof....restarting MT4 did the trick. thanks

Windchaser...will keep that in mind. thanks

--- 帖子 #702 ---
@akangaziz  | @mike74

Account have 100$

pairs - >NZDCHF EURAUD AUDCHF NZDUSD NZDJPY AUDJPY - H4

I observed that pairs with / JPY have been showing better results.

Martingale OFF - I do not like trying to increase or double the chance of winning or losing in the long run can be harmful

Purpose of my test is to try to triple the $ 100 account with DD max 10-20%.

If you can find this setting, you could replicate it to a $ 1000 account with even smaller DDs and higher scores.

Imagine what that would be like?

For testing on a $ 100 account, I recommend lowering the pairs and the maximum number of trades from 5 to 4.

Best Pairs NZDJPY | EURAUD.

For a $ 100 account try using only those pairs:

NZDJPY | EURAUD | GPBJPY

Max open trades - 5 for 4

And Congratulations to the EA akangaziz, I hope you continue to develop and perfect it.

Thanks for sharing with us

--- 帖子 #703 ---
@akangaziz

It would be possible to put a trailing stop.

And Another interesting option is if the EA could closet all position 30 minutes before closing the last session on Friday.

I believe that with this our chance of success and profit increase a lot.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Thank you so much , very polite...

--- 帖子 #705 ---
This week work

--- 帖子 #706 ---
WgChina... which settings? Default H4? Leverage of your account is? Thanks for answers

--- 帖子 #707 ---
This week for me is over

I ended up closing the positions very early, making only 0.15% today, in the end I would have taken the TP again and made about 10%, but as today is Friday I prefer to leave earlier in the market

--- 帖子 #708 ---
That's a stunning result! I'm trading the pivots manually without EA and I can say the EA works better than humans here haha.

Great job Akangaziz on the development.

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ka-ching! (demo)

--- 帖子 #710 ---
WgChina... which settings? Default H4? Leverage of your account is? Thanks for answers

--- 帖子 #711 ---
lever 500:1 。 default setting 。H4 。   0.6 。 Add an account next week, 0.7

--- 帖子 #712 ---
what broker? demo or real? I also found similar issue only in few broker. but the ea is work and open the trade.

thanks

--- 帖子 #713 ---
all majors pairs

1. EA 0.6 = 0.01 - 10.0 - 80 - 500 - 10. Entry/Exit - 15Min
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2. EA 0.6 = 0.01 - 10.0 - 80 - 500 - 10. Entry/Exit - 30Min
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3. EA 0.7 = default settings. H1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4. EA 0.7 = default settings. M30
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #714 ---
I have set up my demo (ICMarkets ECN-Pro 1:500) with the v0.7 and will be reporting results next week. Default setting, maybe with less pips TP and less max orders (from 10 to 5, I'll test).

Based on WGChina's post's results this week I've set up the EA on the following 10 pairs, avoiding the ones with poor performance:

CADCHF, EURCHF, AUDCHF, USDCAD, EURUSD, GBPCAD, AUDJPY, NZDJPY, EURNZD, GBPJPY

UPDATE: ADDED 6 MORE: EURGBP, AUDNZD, NZDCHF, GBPNZD, NZDUSD, EURCAD

Of course others can work too but I'll use these for now.

Can't wait to see the results!!

In my case it also happened that when I put the EA on a chart it will not draw the lines, but restarting the MT4 fixes it  of course with AutoTrading on, allow DLL, your web link added, etc.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
I will be testing on Monday. People who give a good result, could you give an image with your setting? This will be very helpful for other people who want to test Ea with different settings.

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Hey guys,

@akangaziz, thanks for creating and sharing the EA. Very generous of you. Will be testing all pairs on H4 TF and post results next friday. Green pips to all.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
How long is this EA free?

Someone else developed an indicator and people were constantly testing it. When it was completed and all errors were reported by the people and they were eliminated, it was no longer free.

And that was not fair. Are you going to do this?

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Hi mizor99, I am sorry I don’t really understand what you mean by “maybe I don’t manage things as well as I could”, do you mean you had to open and close trades manually even with using this EA? I don’t think the EA needs any manual intervention.

Keep the test going and green pips to you!

--- 帖子 #719 ---
I am on ICMarkets Demo as wont put an ea (LIVE) without testing using tick data suite, slippages, commissions and variable spread. I have put the EA on 1 H1 EURUSD and 2 H4 charts USDCAD and XAUUSD. The Ea has a smily face and pivots lines are drawn..I just had to reboot MT4. All looks good but no trades on Friday.

Maybe if you provided the settings and wanted me to test, I could test on all 28 pairs using TDS or demo...which time frames etc wold greatly help as well.

Ready to test when you are.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Image with settings updated! Changed Profit in pips to close all from 400 to 350.

These will be my settings for the start of next week, and as mentioned above, with the 10 pairs listed in post #721. If I see unwanted behaviour/performance I will be changing them as the week goes. Account size: 1000€ (DEMO).

These settings are a little more conservative than default. Please note they are untested for now so try custom settings at your own risk.

Of course each pair's robot must have a different Magic number, for those who don't know.

I trade this same strategy live with real money and I will be monitoring and comparing the robot with what I do.

Can't wait for Monday!

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Hello,

I will test this EA on my VPS on a Demo account.

i will try to post here the weekly result.

Lets see

thanks

--- 帖子 #722 ---
I'm worried about it, too...People will start to get good results after test and ea will disappear confidently

--- 帖子 #723 ---
I hope this doesn't happen. If it happens I will personally create my own and share it, but I trust Akangaziz is sharing with good intentions

--- 帖子 #724 ---
hi guys how can make backtesting ? i try to make it but with no trades ...

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Reading, learning is key to success.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post11263164

--- 帖子 #726 ---
USDCAD,NZDCAD,AUDCAD,EURAUD,AUDUSD,GBPUSD,NZDUSD,AUDNZD,EURUSD,CADJPY,NZDJPY,AUDJPY,USDJPY,EURGBP,EURJPY

Test v0.7 with demo account and vps, test 3 of the above each week.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Dear akangaziz

You are a good person

Thank you for sharing and paying

In the V0.7 version I saw a good EA

I have set up 12 pairs of currency proposed by Davit.

UC AC NC EA AU GU NU AN EU CJ NJ AJ

At present, based on my experience in pivot trading, I enter the general settings (H1) on each currency.

In addition, on the same day,

there will be a news event on the currency pair.

I entered different settings (H4)

MM is set to 1/2 ADR

Starting next Monday

I will use it in my real account.
XM Zero 1:500

====================

I use GOOGLE translation

====================

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Hello all,

This would be my first post here in Forex Factory. I have been to several threads in FF already, and I learned a lot.

I am going to forward test this EA next week. I am enamored by the fact that the gains are so high while the drawdown is too low. This is a robot I have never seen before! Kudos to akangaziz!

If I see a robot with great potential, I am not scared to run it live using a small account. Anyway, I am using FXTM cent account. Let's see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
one question , how the EA calculate the pivot points ? its AUTOMATICLY ?

becouse i dont see to put setings for the broker timeline

--- 帖子 #730 ---
If you want to own this excellent strategy and not be at the mercy of someone else's whims, learn to use this system manually as Davit does. He even has several jobs on top of trading.

I've used this system just twice a day - 8 am and 8 pm - for just 30 minutes and I'm very profitable.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Best of luck to both of you on your real account's journeys, the EA is very promising indeed as it is a really good strategy

Yes, it's automatic. Once you set-up the EA and restart the platform (if not showing) the pivots will show automatically in each open chart, calculating last week's levels for this week's pivots.

I use the manual strategy too and so far it's been going well

Here is the thread: https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=588764

--- 帖子 #732 ---
and why i have diferents on the pivots between david pivots and this ea ?

who its bad setup mine or the ea ?

becouse i have the pivots set up good ... i think

my broker its gmt +3 but even if i put 3 and not 2 gmt its almost the same its not like the ea

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Subsrcibed .. keep the good work here !!

thank you for the share and generosity

Alex

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Your setup is incorrect, you must have input the wrong number in TimeZoneOfData.

Compare the EA's pivots with this page (set Weekly mode) and you will see the EA is very accurate: https://www.actionforex.com/markets/...-pivot-points/

If on your Davit Pivots 3.2 auto chart you have to see that the past week starting and ending point hours are 00:00 and 23:00. See attachment

EDIT: updated pic with correct week days.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
for my manual pivots the PIVOT for usdcad on 30min its here

--- 帖子 #736 ---
i put this and its the same , dont matter if i change the auto on  or off

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Set Broker's Candle to FALSE. It's "TimeZoneOfData(NewYork GMT)" the setting you have to change. Put the number to 1 or 0 or -1, or 3 or 4 or 5 until it's correct, please READ my post and see the screenshot to compare the time of week open and close.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
yes i do it ... and its correct like your picture ... but the robot its not the same

EDIT; In your page its usdcad 1.3182 and in the ea its 1.3144

EDIT: Ouuu my bad THe EA show 4h pivots and my pivots on david strategy shows 1 week pivots for this reason its diferent

--- 帖子 #739 ---
profit from last week. EA run 24 hour.

drawdown is high because of some news release last week.

If I can add news filter, this drawdown can be minimized.

for me, the result and drawdown still tolerable for 1000usd account.

but If I use bigger account (ex: >= 10k usd), this drawdown is not acceptable. yes I know, still a lot of homework before live with big account.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Hi Bro

what ea are you using,, the last version?,, what set file and what timeframe?

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #741 ---
i will run 0.7 this week.. 1h tp 500 no s/r38 pivot trade.. although i think the sl on this version ias way bigger..

correct me if im wrong akanziz..

v6 sl 2 pivot line above or below

v7 sl 100 lvl higher or above the entry pivot

--- 帖子 #742 ---
this one still use v0.6 - long term setting. FBS.

btw my v0.7 is not running since last week, because of ESMA leverage rule. I need to move from tickmill and  find another good broker with lev 1:500.

hope this week I can finish the setup in the new broker. any recommendation?

--- 帖子 #743 ---
correct.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Entry M15 or H1?

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Im using tradersway with 1:1000 leverage but with same lot size 0.01. They have ultra low spreads but not regulated. Im trying them to see how well it goes with v0.7, 4H timeframe and all pairs, martingale disabled. The rest of settings are on default.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
also looking for one too..

are cent account brokers reliables?

since i will need to put my money out of the UE i really wanna put a small amout..

i dont know.. maybe for the next three months i will only test and build ea.. and leave trading apart. and hope this leverage rules will be just temporary

--- 帖子 #747 ---
I never trust broker with cent account

I'm looking new broker for my "real money".

hope can finalize this week.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
it was M15. later I change to H1.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
i tought that too.. but i really dont wanna have my money on the other side of the world.. although since it will be the only anwser for this problem its preferable to be an regulated broker..

to make it worst- this ea its really an margin drinker, thats why i thoght on a cent account..

--- 帖子 #750 ---
back to ea talk..

im really not confortable with this new sl.. it seems a bit high for a fews pips per trade.. lets see how it goes

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Hi vladi28, it's v0.7 beta, I think there are still some visual bugs regarding how the EA draws the pivot lines,  let's wait for akangaziz to get back with some updates on this.

Regarding testing the EA, my advice is to test it demo account first, not to rush in with real money and take it step by step.

Green pips,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #752 ---
this can be a very good ea , but not trade for mi i put it on friday

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Davits posts on his thread explaining the workings of trading weekly pivots have put together in the attached PDF

--- 帖子 #754 ---
I've used many, including Tickmill and Admiral Markets. I use ICMarkets ECN-Pro now (real and demo) and it's great. Best I had so far.

--- 帖子 #755 ---
I start today with demo: H1 and max 5 trades

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Careful everyone this looks very suspicious, he's posting "updated versions" of many EAs, likely a scam. DELETE if you downloaded it.

Good download links are in PAGE 1 POST 1 https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=773563

--- 帖子 #757 ---
You can try with AxiTrader.

It is an Aussi and FCA regulated fx broker and well known by many traders in the world.

You can put your real money there safely.

And this broker is based on new york closed, very suitable for pivot trader.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
About V 0.7

it’s good

thanks

--- 帖子 #759 ---
this guy "pergi784" is temporary suspended.

be careful, guys!

--- 帖子 #760 ---
akangaziz, I just had a problem with .6 hourly chart. It was trying to close trades at 100 profit, but using OANDA a U.S. broker it couldn't close trades because of FIFO. Could you modify EA for FIFO close? Thanks. Bob.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Guys today the EA didn't open any trades so far. Any for you?

All is on and correctly set up...

--- 帖子 #762 ---
same here !! no trades

--- 帖子 #763 ---
For me open eur/usd , gbp/jpy , all in profit quickly...but remain open nzd/jpy...still sideway...

--- 帖子 #764 ---
SOLUTION FOR EA (v0.7) NOT OPENING TRADES:

I found out that we've all been downloading v0.7 just the EA but not the "TDI-RT-Clone-rAlgo.ex4" indicator.

We must go to the post 178 (https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post11142764) and download the zip file, and copy the indicator to the Mt4 data folder (MQL4/Indicators).

I've just done this and as soon as I put the indicator in the folder, the EA started opening trades.

@Akangaziz please include it in your v0.7 download post and future versions if you can

Fixed!

--- 帖子 #765 ---
I think in the version 0.6 and 0.7 , tdi indicator is included in the file EA already...but need confirm from other users...

--- 帖子 #766 ---
I thought the same, but maybe other users are working with 0.7 without problem because they already had prior versions. For new users maybe we have to still put it. In my case it proved necessary..

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Hi Akangaziz,

thank you so much for the EA. i've been experimenting with this EA for past weeks with demo account and i see that the results are amazing!

I think i'm going to trade with real money for next month. and again, thank you so much for all your hard work

EURUSD, H4.

0.7 with standard setting, Tickmill demo account

--- 帖子 #768 ---
In my transaction

V 0.7 version works very well

--- 帖子 #769 ---
yes, you are right. need to include "TDI-RT-Clone-rAlgo.ex4" in indicator folder.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Its a hard one to factor in for news.... Trump can open his mouth at any time and everything can move against you!!

But maybe a filter which sends an alert 30 mins prior to release of High impact news and no new trades to be opened 60 mins prior and 30 mins after releases might work?

--- 帖子 #771 ---
today no open trade ? who is your results ... i dont know why

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Hey Vladi,

Do you have the TDI-RT-Clone rAlgo indicator in the indicators folder? This is a must or else the EA won't open trades as it uses this as a base. Every time you add the EA to a chart, you must change the magic number. If the EA is loaded to multiple charts and the magic number is the same, MT4 is not able to distinguish which trade is which, causing an error in opening trades. Also, did you follow akangaziz' instruction in this post https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post11142764

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Today result  with 0.7 EUR/JPY +100 pips (def tp) and USD/JPY 200pips (TP reached 200)

Best regards

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

so far so good
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

my pairs, standard settings v0.7, timeframe H4

I'm waiting to see the equity line after the system takes a stop loss, then I'll decide if go live or not.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Vladi is absolutely right. Do not confuse it. There is a difference in what the expert shows, but the deals are from the R38 area correctly shown on the right with the Davits Pivot V3.2 Auto

Vladi е абсолютно прав. Не го обърквай. Има разлика в това, което показва експерта, но сделките са от зона R38, правилно показана от дясно с Davits Pivot V3.2 Auto

Broker GMT +3
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Broker GMT 0 with Sunday candles. It is set at +3 because it most accurately shows fibopivot. It also matches the candles and the values.

Брокер GMT 0 с неделни свещи. Сложен е на +3, защото най-точно показва fibopivot. Съвпада и със свещите и със стойностите.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

akangaziz, please explain where the difference comes from? Thanks!

akangaziz, моля те обясни от къде идва разликата? Благодаря!

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Hey aziz..

is everithing fine with this new version?

can you check if with exit by tdi cross is fine?

im using on 1h and one Pair Didnt close.. can you check if the exit funcion is codec for the current TF?

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Is there (v0.7) an exit included, when the market runs against you?

--- 帖子 #778 ---
yes every position has a stop loss

--- 帖子 #779 ---
just checked the db in server, total profit created by rAlgo Pivot Trading EA so far is  USD 161,282.01
this number is [total profit - total loss] from all account across all broker that use this EA!

kudos for us!

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Kudos to Davit for sharing the system and to you for automating it. Very well done sir.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
master aziz

big cheers

--- 帖子 #782 ---
thanks, I will ask help from the volunteer team for checking Pivot line across all major forex broker and summarize the feedback to me.

I also find similar case in some broker, but have no idea what's the wrong part. since I follow and use the same code from original thread.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Is that profit in real money? I wonder if people are using live accounts now. As for me, I use two demo accounts for now.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
I think the option to set your own stop loss would be handy

--- 帖子 #785 ---
If someone want to participate on the pivot line quest

just pm me with the s/r pivot lines fo the pairs you are using and say what broker you have.

Pls before doing that check if you already restated your mt4 this week.

If you dont wanna write it, just screenshot.. blank the account numers and name pls

i will compile the data. Maybe we will come to an answer..

I know it will take a while for you to do this. But aziz is doing a great job for free for all of us. Lets keep some work out of his shoulders.

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #786 ---
thanks.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Thanks @Lolaso.

Hi all, I clarified with akangaziz, there are only two files you need to get this EA running:

1. rAlgo_pivot_trading_v0.7.ex4 save this in the Experts folder [File -> Open Data Folder -> MQL4 -> Experts folder]

2. TDI-RT-Clone-rAlgo.ex4, save this in the Indicators folder [File -> Open Data Folder -> MQL4 -> Indicators folder]

(For newbies, remember to Right-click the Indicators and Expert Advisors header in Navigator panel and Refresh them, you should then be able to see the 2 newly installed items).  After that you can drag the EA to the chart to attach it, however there is no need to drag the TDI Indi to the chart (as the EA will auto read the TDI indicator from the Indicators folder), but if you want to drag the TDI Indi to the chart to check the TDI graph, that's OK too.

Lastly, remember to click the AutoTrading button and add http://skycode.co.id into Allow WebRequest for listed URL in Tools -> Options -> Expert Advisors tab on the MT4 terminal, otherwise, it won't work (note: the smiley face on top-right corner of the chart means the EA is running).

Cheers,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #788 ---
So guys, what is the best setting and timeframe for this EA ?

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i try using M15, H1, H4, M30 and the same problem

help me

pd: the setup is the same of the creator

--- 帖子 #790 ---
You can try on H4 or H1 TF on demo accounts, share your results.  Remember the EA is still in v0.7 Beta, so don't bet your house on it yet.

Green pips,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Is the only difference between V6 and V7 the exit?  V6 exits 2 pivot levels from entry and V7 exits 100% from entry level (example if entry is R61 then exit will be S61)?

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Hi chinchano, you added the http://skycode.co.id, correct?  See # Post 795 above.  Cheers.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Hi bojack34,

v0.6: The entry can mix with TF Entry confirmation in EA setting for TDI cross, and will read current TF for TDI top and bottom filter.

v0.7: The entry uses only current TF, Aziz also fixed some bugs related to Entry setting.

v0.7 SL example:  Entry Buy at S61, SL at S161

v0.7 TP example: Entry Buy at S61, TP at weekly pivot line, but usually trade will close after "profit in pips to close all trades" setting is reached.

FYI, I am working with Aziz on an official user-guide document for this EA, will be sharing with the community when it's fully baked.  Stay tuned!

Cheers,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Thanks for getting back to me with your answers, much appreciated...>BUT.....I don't understand what you mean by "The entry can mix with TF Entry confirmation in EA setting for TDI cross, and will read current TF for TDI top and bottom filter"

Sorry, I guess i'm a little too thick. I only see one input that has anything to do with Entry and I have it set to H4 (v0.6).."Timeframe for Entry/Exit Confirmation if TDI Crossing"

--- 帖子 #795 ---
my demo on 0.51

--- 帖子 #796 ---
nice one, keep it up

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Yes it is that input. Setting "Timeframe for Entry/Exit Confirmation if TDI Crossing" is what I mean with TF Entry confirmation.

H4 is the recommended TF, it produces more consistent, moderate/conservative results (which is good, right?),  H1 might be riskier (maybe more false entries?), but nothing is stopping you from trying that on demo account

--- 帖子 #798 ---
I'm doing a demo test since yesterday afternoon on a 100k € account with big trades and small x1.15 Martingale (1L to a max of 20L total with 10 trades per pair), I hope it will not break your statistics...

If you want to exclude my demo from your stats please PM me and I will tell you the account number

--- 帖子 #799 ---
In V 0.7 version
2 days of operation

--- 帖子 #800 ---
That is an excellent result Happylin. Would you share the settings and timeframe you are using?

I saw your post #734 but would you show a screenshot of all EA settings?

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Dear forum users.

Hi

The LINUX system, the MT4 platform, did everything as described. The adviser refuses to trade.

The Windows 7 system, the MT4 platform, did everything as described. The adviser is a fine trader.

Who will help to understand?

Translated to Google

Thank you

--- 帖子 #802 ---
awesome, @zenaufa.

keep trying!

--- 帖子 #803 ---
nice result.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
awesome detail explanation! I owe you a cup of coffee!

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Hi Sasha, maybe the problem is your MT4 platform in Linux. Does other EA works on your Linux system?

--- 帖子 #806 ---
good. but seems v0.51 is outdated. a lot of improvement and bug fixing in v0.6 & 0.7.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
lol. no problem, keep exploring

--- 帖子 #808 ---
good trading result so far in the last 2 days.

market follow pivot pattern, and no big news release so far.

let see tomorrow morning in AUD, CPI release.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
v0.7, tf H4, default setting.

AUDCAD. rejected at S38, hit TP at pivot line. easy money

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #810 ---
v0.7, timeframe H4, default setting.

EURAUD. rejected at R38, hit TP at pivot line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #811 ---
must different magic for other pair?

--- 帖子 #812 ---
v0.7, default setting, TF H4.

my floating trades now. Tickmill Seychelles (lev 1:500, oh yes no need to switch broker). only put small money there for now, plan to add more balance this week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #813 ---
v0.7, default setting, TF H4.

today result. Tickmill Seychelles. close 2 cycles with TP. detail already posted in my prev posting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #814 ---
v0.6, long term setting - aggresive, tf H4.

today result.

7 cycle, 7 pairs. very good market today.

USDJPY

USDCHF

NZDJPY

EURUSD

EURAUD

AUDJPY

AUDCAD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #815 ---
I'd like to know it as well

that's strange, mine didn't opened it, v0.7 standard setting.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
I would like to say thank you to WindChaser for his support by providing me a dedicated server to continue EA development. Intel Xeon, 12 GB RAM, big storage, unlimited bandwidth, located in singapore (near to jakarta and ping speed is very good). awesome!

since I don't have much time everyday to manage this thread alone, WindChaser will help me to manage this thread, reply question from FF member here, manage all feedback, bugs, etc. some of my technical knowledges already shared to him.

feel free to spam him with your question

once again, thank you for all the support.

Attached Image

nb:

- if you guys think you are a good strategy tester, keep posting in this thread (trading result, feedback, feature idea, etc), maybe we'll add you to the tester candidate list.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Yes, each EA (1 EA per pair chart) must have a different magic number. For example I have 16 pairs, my EA magic numbers go from 1000 to 1016.

That's great news  Opens the road for more improvement.

I'm just here to help and see this thing grow. I'm not a good backtester and don't have 99% tick quality so I don't need points

Thank you WindChaser for your time and kindness.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
I use my pivot trading experience

Set V 0.7 version

News transaction

Change 5 to 15~20

I hope everyone can try it

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Thank you, very interesting settings with excellent results.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
This is my setup

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Hey! Good idea!! I'm in with you!

--- 帖子 #822 ---
I'm in the midst of changing brokers. U.S. brokers suck! FIFO kicked me out numerous times.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
I wanted to start testing this EA but I get this error "failed get data from server, please check your setup!"

What should I do besides copying the EA to the folder?

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Will be interesting in seeing what DD you get whilst having 20 positions if it starts moving against you, will be great when its running with your orders however..

Keep the updates coming, I have standard settings running at the moment on around 14 pairs and only max 5 posits to be opened per pair.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Post 794 see

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Was wondering how many server messages does this EA create? Are you aware?

I only started trialing this tonight and just received a message from my broker saying my account is hyperactive...

Does it send messages every tick?

I had 5 successful trades already initialized, and closed now i'm not near my terminal and at work and received the email, weird.. Anyway only demo account that one so if they close it.. I'll open another one

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This messages is normal?

I use amazon VPS

--- 帖子 #828 ---
there is a zip file on page 9 post 178 with the indicator you want.

--- 帖子 #829 ---
16 Pairs Test Mode for demo from yesterday.

I would like to collaborate in the backtest. I have all the historical data 99% quality.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Akangaziz,

Can you please add a "Lots Per Balance" input that will allow us to change our lot sized used according to what balance we have in our account. Something that would look like this.....0.01/200. This can be adjustable in the inputs so if someone wanted to be more agressive they could change it to 0.01/100.......or if they wanted to be less aggressive they could change it to 0.01/500. Thanks! Very good ea btw!

EDIT:  Those were just random examples by the way. I would make your Default setting 0.01/1000 since most people are dealing with multiple pairs. If they wanted to get more aggressive because they are only trading a few pairs then they could go down to 0.01/750 or 0.01/500.......If they are going to trade a bunch of pairs they could go less aggressive and change it to 0.01/1500 or something.  This will allow the user more control over their "initial" lot sizes.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
I have been trading Davit's pivot strat for almost 1 month and a half now and I have to say that manual trading changed the way I trade 180º I came across this thread time ago but I was a bit scared about the drawdown...

I always like to see if a strategy can be automated as my screen time is limited, so why not earn money while you are not in the screen? In this way you can add those earnings to your manual trading ones...

I think one thing that is really laking on this EA is how to avoid the huge drawdowns caused by a sudden trend change or just a heavy trend continuation like in the following example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But this kind of huge trends can be avoided by just using a higher TF indicator on the current TF, like for example a MTF Stochastic

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And see then, how next week, after the momentum is fading and D1 stochastic is changing direction, how well it plays out after breaking R38 reaching out pivot...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As all indicators, of course are lagging and then, of course is going to filter good entries, however, I prefer to miss few trades than just hit the huge SL we have which may cause just loose the whole week of trading or even more if your account is small...

You may think, ohg fuck, this trade is filtered...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just to find out how market is preparing you an even better entry next week

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Can you tell me what statistical indicators you are using?

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

this message is normal? i use amazon vps

--- 帖子 #834 ---
It is possible to add a stop loss option to EA after a given number of pips. If we take transactions at 61 S / R most of the time EA will take TP, but if something goes wrong, we lose only 500 pips, with a lot of winnings the loss will not do anything for us. If we win 10x500 and lose 9x500, we are still 500 ahead

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Yes! i have it !

--- 帖子 #836 ---
all majors
07 var.1 default M30
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

07 var 2 default H1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EA 0.6 = 0.01 - 10.0 - 80 - 500 - 10. Entry/Exit - 15Min
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EA 0.6 = 0.01 - 10.0 - 80 - 500 - 10. Entry/Exit - 30Min

--- 帖子 #837 ---
tell us if you use R/S 38 or no ?

The same question ... guys you dont share your info completed ... please tell us if you use some S or some R? or not

EDIT: AND IM STILL NO TRADE

--- 帖子 #838 ---
EA 07 opened buy Echf at 00:00 with a spread 270 pips...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can disable trade in the period from 23:30 to 01:00 ...

--- 帖子 #839 ---
just moved to 0.7

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Arrived Home after work And this was the reason to my earlier post about system messages.

I guess there has been an issue with the web re-direct?

It opened up orders early on and then went and had a bit of a spaz out on this web request error code.

Any ideas??

Thanks

--- 帖子 #841 ---
I have just downloaded rAlgo_pivot_trading_v0.7 willing to start back-testing but the problem is when I start the testing the EA didn't work! please I need help concerning this issue! Thank you!

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Thank you Aziz, will do my best to assist in this forum thread, and thank you for coding and sharing the EA.  I look forward to your release of v1.0 (stable) in the soon future!

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Hi chinchono, you first asked in #Post 796, and I answered in #Post 799

The questions you asked in #Post 834 and #Post 840, their answer can be found in #Post 794

Make #Post 794 a good friend of yours, for v0.7

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Hi MT4Forexinat, thanks for the offer to backtest, I am working with Aziz to organize how we proceed with backtest for selected members, as he does not want everyone to backtest at this stage.  Will keep your offer in mind.  Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
I think a good feature would be to have the "Time to start trading" and "Time to stop trading" in the settings so we set it from 23 to 1 or something to avoid big spreads.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then.... now all ok  ?

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Hi，You are very warm-hearted。
And some problem：how the ea Close a position for Reap profit？

what is your set file for the ea(0.7V)?

many people also default seting,that no best!!! 0.01 lot & 1000 pip?Inventory fee is much！！！！
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

thanks！！！！

--- 帖子 #848 ---
It is good！thanks!!

many people also default seting,that no best!!! 0.01 lot & 1000 pip?Inventory fee is much！！！！

please  Explanation the parameter for me.thank you !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Hi,author，Thang you for shaer this ea,it is very good!

but,somebody can't download the last Edition，because the Country！！！ for example china！cloud you share it on this BBS?

and the set file for the best.

very thanks!!!

how Difference？
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Hi prodos, pls check #Post 794 for v0.7 EA download/installation instructions.

Regarding the SET file, I am sure everyone is asking these 3 questions

1. Best pairs to trade

2. Best timeframe

3. Best SET file

As we are still testing various settings and collecting results, I don't have the answers for these 3 questions yet, but hopefully soon (we are working on it).

Keep testing the EA and share your results and settings.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Hi M4ttc00p, thanks for asking this question.  if you see "WebRequest error code: 4000" and "WebRequest response code: 502" errors in the Expert tab, you can safely ignore them, as they do not impact the core EA logic and all trades will be opened and closed as per normal.

I see that you are still using the v0.51 version of the EA, I suggest you can upgrade to v0.7, see #Post 794 for more information.  Green pips.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
you are testing？

I keep real trading，it is very good!!!

but no violence！！！

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Ha, sure, as I said before, this EA is v0.7 (beta), it still has some bugs even though many FF members are reporting profits day after day -- if you are adventurous enough and not mind the downside of some unforeseen bugs, you are welcome to run it in real accounts (0.01 lot) but just don't bet your house on it yet.

Remember to give back by contributing useful posts to this thread

--- 帖子 #854 ---
@redex, you PM'ed me but I can't reply back to you, due to your privacy settings I believe. Happy to reply once you are contactable.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Hi Idne, I understand Davit's method has this SL method (in $), I have logged your request down and will check with Aziz if it make sense to implement it.  Thanks for contributing!

--- 帖子 #856 ---
still no trades guys... what i do wrong?

and yes i have the indi

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Hi vladi28, can you please PM me and attach yesterday and today's log file found in the MQL4\Logs folder?   Cheers.

On MT4 Terminal, click File -> Open Data Folder -> MQL4\Logs

--- 帖子 #858 ---
V0.7 12 pair to trade
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #859 ---
I installed the ea and launched the backtest on the last week period and on all the majors does not perform operations, is this normal? what parameters are recommended?

--- 帖子 #860 ---
I have a server with 8 CPUs (i5 2.4), 64 GB of RAM and 12 TB of disk space. I wanted to run a test by entering several years in the range, but every time I launch it I get 0 results.

could someone send me the screenshots to configure the backtest?

thank you

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Hi sartFX, at the moment the EA is blocked (on purpose) for backtest, please forward test it instead.  Cheers.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
could you send me an already tested configuration, time frame and symbols in order to put it into production on an account I use for the tests?

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Hello

when i put the "TDI-RT-Clone-rAlgo" on a chart hole MT4 crush (in the log files says "loaded successfully")

(the "TDI-RT-Clone" work without problems)

has somebody a idea what could be the Problem?

Thank you and have nice day

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Hi JamieA, I am not sure why, but please take a look at #Post 794, you don't need to put the "TDI-RT-Close-rAlgo" indi on the chart for the EA to work (as long as the indi file is in the Indicators folder).

If the original "TDI-RT-Clone" indi works for you, sure, you can opt to put it on the chart.  Cheers.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
I was running both EA's just a mistake the 0.50 was only on one chart.

I notice it is also trying to update pivot line each hour, is this necassary becasue it is only working off the Weekly Pivots and they shouldnt change for the week?

What i'm saying is all these extra server messages that are sent off to the broker, gives the broker a heads up that you are using an EA and if anyone is not using a reputable broker they may try to spike some spreads and make you take on too many positions and can effect DD etc...

Also I Use IC markets and if you get over 2000 server messages in a certain amount of time they want to suspend your account.

Today I am not recieving the Web errors, trades have opened as normal again..

But i think if the logic in the algo can be adjusted to only re-draw pivot line on a monday it may stop some of the brokers seeing you are running an EA

Thanks for your time :-)

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Hi sartFX, what kind of tick data quality do you have?  If you can delivery 99.99% data modeling quality, we can figure out adding you on the backtester team.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
I think it would be a nice feature a button which enable users to let the cycle to finish and then pause the ea activity on that pair, mostly to help users during an update.

thank you very much for the amazing work you are doing. I will let the demo go for another 2 months then if all is good I will go live, unless you think 0.7 is good to go live on a real account.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Hi M4ttc00p, thanks for your suggestion, regarding redrawing of pivot lines, I am putting your feedback down on the feature request list for v0.8, we are tracking the bugs and feature requests seriously and working to improve the EA in the next iteration.  Do keep the ideas and suggestions coming!

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Thanks fabio.g, I am putting this suggestion down on the feature request list, however bear in mind that we might not be able to include all suggestions in the next EA release, since some more critical feature requests will get coding attention first.

If you are comfortable with v0.7 performance so far, you can try it on a real account with 0.01 lots.

Keep the ideas coming!

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Hi guys. I hope you're all doing well today and have a great Wednesday!

Could anyone explain to me why the EA opened EURCAD long in between Pivot and S38? Please see screenshots attached.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #871 ---
How.many pips distance you have in Ea setting? Check it

--- 帖子 #872 ---
This is my setting for EURCAD. I have each pair configured differently based on ADR (if ADR is ~50 it's not the same as a pair with ADR of 100).

EDIT - SOLVED: Now I see the Pips range for pivot is too big. Should be 10 in this pair. Thank you Cescof didn't notice this before

Deleted setting to avoid confusion.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Interesting, checking with Aziz and we'll get back to you when I have an answer.  Thanks Lolaso.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
No worries, please see the edit in my post 879. It was the "Pips range for pivot", since this pair's ADR is around 60-80 pips per day a 25 pip range is too big for the pivots. A smaller pip range based on ADR (how much price moves per day) will avoid opening trades too soon like the EURCAD one.

I think:

ADR 50-70 pip range for pivot should be 10-15

ADR 100-120 pip range for pivot should be 20-25

Need some testing.

ADR can be seen with ADR_v2 indicator.
Attached Image

Here is my idea:

Attached Image
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #875 ---
tell me what data you need, I have several servers to use

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Had the same thing, also had it on AUDCAD, something is not quite right

--- 帖子 #877 ---
HEY GUYS , can we make some group or chat room on telegram or discort?

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Telegram is ok

--- 帖子 #879 ---
I have created one for us on Telegram: PIVOT EA.

https://t.me/joinchat/HYTxHhCWwJS9jra3TzKDNw

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Hi vladi28, thanks for the suggestion, yes a Telegram group is likely on the cards, just need some thinking on this idea to ensure discussion/information is shared in the most efficient way.  When we are ready to launch we the chat group we will announce it.  Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #881 ---
I'have tickdata 99.9 and vps ready if it's necessary

Regards

--- 帖子 #882 ---
excuse the question, how do I get 99.9% of tickdata?

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Has anyone using a US based Oanda account had any luck with the EA?  I was running previous versions for two weeks without a trade triggering, having even s/r 38 pivot available to trade, Auto trading is enabled, I have the smily face in the upper right, and have no error messages indicating there is any problem, I just have not been able to get a trade to trigger.  I have 18 pairs enabled.  Default settings.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Thanks sartFX, unless you already have it, for backtest we recommend https://tickstory.com/download-tickstory/ (Standard version), please don't purchase it yet as we are deciding on the backtest participant list, will be in touch with you (please do turn on private messages on your FF profile settings).

Also, your question in #Post 889, regarding getting 99.9% tick data quality, here's an article might be of help: https://tickstory.com/articles/metat...lling-quality/

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Hi joefrombrook, do you think this issue is related/same as what @bohurst reported in #Post 767?  The Pivot Trading EA is yet to be coded for FIFO trading, perhaps in future releases.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
EUR/CAD max 10 opened 13 Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #887 ---
I think it's 10 for every Cycles

--- 帖子 #888 ---
I think it needs to be limited drawdown is to high.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
i'm ready

Can you tell me that pairs, timeframe and period I have to download? I have an internet band of 800 MB / s effective so it is not a problem in the speed of the download

--- 帖子 #890 ---
I had a set of EJ trades open up and they hit TP....and then the EA opened up another EJ set of trades, this time I had the martingale distance set to 10 pips and max of 5 trades. Price went against me and the EA never opened up any martingale trades at the 10 pip mark. With that being said price went against me around 65 pips and hit the SL set by the EA. Using Davits system, having a SL of 65 pips is toooo tight. When my SL was hit I was at the S100 pivot, which is still a valid entry pivot. I think that no matter what Pivot we "enter" our trade set at, we should always use the 138 pivot as our SL. This will allow us to "cast that big net" that Davit always talks about. We need to use that Pip distance between 38 (or 61 if that is where you enter) and 138 as our SL for our Lot Size calculation. That way we can decide how much we want to risk for each trade. This way we can use the standard formula for determining our desired Lot Size according to our percentage of account we want to use (standard 2% for example) and divide that by our SL (distance between lets say 61 and 138) and this will give us our desired Lot Size to use. We can then break that Lot Size down into 5 smaller trades or 10 smaller trades and this will give us our BIG NET that he speaks of, all while allowing our SL to be big enough to withstand moves against us.

EDIT: With this example we can have a SL of 115 pips (random pip distance)  and still enter on ALL important pivots (61, 78 and 100) and still only risk 2% of our account overall. It's all predetermined in our lot size calculation. This will allow is to cast the Big Net and break down our overall Lot Size into smaller trades all while covering ALL the major pivot points.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Hello,

So many pivot eas,just one in commercial section opened called " { information deleted by staff, per membership policy } "

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Thanks bojack I never was sure how to figure that out. You explain it so we little people that aren't any good at math can see it!

--- 帖子 #893 ---
i go in this group lets enter all

SOOO my first trades ... but i put the EA on 15m chart only to try ...and he open ... open becouse the TDI was in position on the 15 minute ... i was opened also on the 4h chart put the not open becouse the TDI not in position

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Hy.. for next update is possible considering idea to have space betwenn trades based on adr? and not just a fix value? Cause every pair is different and if could be ok have 5pips range for USD/JPY for ex not the same is for GBP/JPY in which huge trends are normal..

Best regards

--- 帖子 #895 ---
!!Update!!

Account Initial - 100$

Account Today - 172$

JUL Days 16 ~25

V.06

TF Pairs = 4H

TF TDI IN SETTINGS = H1

More Info:
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post11282097

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Lets see my friend ... if you share your profits ...can you share too the setings ... on who pair ... who timeframe ... how many lots per trade etc... becouse taday the market was a lil bit flat .... i dont know how you make this on almost flat market

--- 帖子 #897 ---
But I've already shared my settings in a post further back.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post11282097

Good Luck and Green pips : )

--- 帖子 #898 ---
What hours you trade?

--- 帖子 #899 ---
I have download 1Year

UC AC NC EA AU GU NU AN EU CJ NJ AJ

i'm ready

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Hi

Got version 0.7

Added the indicator and no trades...added the URL alao

What more can I do

I want to test and get to be able to backtest but if no trades then cannot post results and then cannot bactest.

Please advise

--- 帖子 #901 ---
I'ts been a little slow for me this week but still positive and "maximal drawdown" still very low.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Am I the only person who got a lot as with EURJPY?

EDIT: I just went back to look at my EJ trade. Price went down to the S100 pivot and stopped me out of my trade (65 pip SL) and then went back up and went all the way up to half way between S 61 and S38.....roughly 85+ pips. If we would have had 138 as our SL and entered the trade with small lots and allowed for price to go against us some (casting the big net) we could have added more smaller trades to the trade set once price went back in our favor and caught some of those 85+ pips and turned that Losing trade into a winning trade.  This is exactly why we should make our SL 138 and enter at 61 and not 38.  Start off with small lots and if price goes against us then we only lose a smaller amount......try to "add" to trades when going in our desired direction.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
What is your setting?

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Hi cescof, thanks, I am putting this down in our feature request tracking sheet, the request will be up for consideration when Aziz works on the next iteration.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
About a week ago I started reading this discussion thread at the Forex factory. And further study the original discussion string of pivot trading.

Gradually learn how to use pivot to profit from swing.

Hang up EA two days ago , I know more about pivot trading.

EA's profitability is also great.

Thanks to the author,thank you all the people who participated in the discussion.

Let's Swing together~~

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Hi bojack34, yes last night EJ had a huge downward swing to S100 then it came back up within 5hrs back to S61-S38.  However my EJ trades using v0.7 resulted in quite a huge profit using martingale 1.2, but I agree that's too much risk here (or lost opportunity for you) and the DD can be scary.  I am putting your "casting big net" suggestion from #Post 897 and #Post 909 as a topic of discussion with Aziz.  Green pips.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Thank you for your kind words, jacobkol, the EA is still evolving and we encourage you to participate in this FF thread by contributing to improve the EA.

Since last night Aziz and I have joined the Telegram group started by pgr45za, you are welcome to join https://t.me/joinchat/HYTxHhCWwJS9jra3TzKDNw

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Hi noshali, please PM me so that I can provide a Google Drive folder link for you to upload your MQL4\Logs so that I can take a closer look. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #909 ---
I posted my setting's here post #671. If I've been in there for a couple days my expectations for profit target may be less

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...5#post11274815

--- 帖子 #910 ---
I should have noted in my posts that I was/am using v0.6.  I'm glad to hear that V0.7 kept you in the trade and you were able to come out ahead.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
All, Aziz and I just updated Post 1, feel free to take a look and comment. https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=773563

--- 帖子 #912 ---
[Приложить] Безымянный.jpg; 2913726 [/ приложите]

--- 帖子 #913 ---
first trade NC triggered
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #914 ---
pivot + tdi,

my favorite ancient method that still profitable already coded into EA.

going live now

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Hi guys,

I'm not really sure if this has been already proposed, if so... Let me do that again XD

In the EA we should differentiate between what is Averaging up and Averaging down to the trade and also the different operations you want to setup for each kind of approach...

If I understand correctly, now you can setup MAX number of trades and Martingale, when trade goes into profit it will start opening trades each +X Pips and when it goes against you it will then open position at the same number of pips until both reach the MAX number of trades, this will cause a situation (If you limit the MAX Trades) that when prices goes big against us, we can end up with a lot of positions opened near R38 but no more positions around R61 or higher levels which would mean a lot of drawdown that could be mitigated (from my point of view, you can proof if I'm wrong).

So we have different approaches here...

So for example, if price is going in our favour, we will be adding positions every 5 pips if all conditions still met under our MAX Number of trades, but if price is going against us, and let say EA defined SL at -100pips, we could have a MAX Number of trades for averaging down, and if for example this is setup at 4 trades, EA Could then open 4 trades at 20 pip distance so the last trade will be opened at -80pips, reducing the drawdown and also the total loss in case our trade is completely wrong.

For me, the ideal situation is that EA will just wait when trade is going against us and only open new position when rules are met again before hitting SL, assuming that our first entry was not good but a higher pivot line will then act a S/R.

Kind Regards,

Jaime

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Hi J1mm, thanks for your feedback and ideas, I am putting this down on the feature request tracking spreadsheet, will go through with Aziz and provide an update when a decision is made.  Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Hi fellow pivot traders,

I am having a problem with the EA where it does not create any Orders. I have uninstall-reinstall MT4 & the EA, Indicators several times but not to availability.

I have followed the instructions provided, EA symbol show a Smily Face, Web Request URL already filled in, Pivot are shown successfully but the EA still shows no sign of any orders. Would appreciate if any advice to make this EA works on my MT4. Cheers

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Hi MT4Forexinat, can you please send me a PM regarding backtest discussion (ensure your FF profile can accept PMs too).  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
In regards to #3 on page one. It seems weird that you want all of us to participate as much as possible with back tests and sharing our ideas to make the EA as good as possible and you follow up with you reserve the rights to take the EA commercial, making all of us pay for it. What is the difference between the ALways free ea and the potential future commercial ea?

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Today's progress h4 chart

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Hi bojack34, the backtest team consists of 5-6 members who volunteered to help.  Backtest will start soon.

Regarding taking the EA commercial (and "making all of us pay for it" as writen by you), please read #Post 1 FAQ again.  What we meant is, the stable version of this rPT-EA will always be free, once the EA is confirmed to be profitable.  After this project, Aziz is free to pursue developing other types or variants of the EA, and he will have no further obligation to make whatever he develops free -- Except for this rPT-EA, I believe you have no intention to expect Aziz to provide all other EAs he developed (or will be developing), for free, correct?  You can tell what he has done so far, he has been very generous to the FF community.

Hope this explains.

------------------------------------
3. Will this EA be forever free?
My unwavering intention is to develop the EA to be consistently profitable and stable, and the stable version will always remain free. However as an Algorithmic-Trading Programmer, I retain the rights to work on other variants of the rPTEA, and will decide to go commercial, or not."

------------------------------------

--- 帖子 #922 ---
i have a problem to run the EA

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Ok I must have misread/misunderstood. I thought that he was talking about the EA that we are all forward testing and back testing. That he reserved the right to make it commercial and then sell it to us. Sorry for the misunderstanding.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Lolaso will be assisting you to get this EA configured properly, via Telegram.  Thanks Lolaso!

--- 帖子 #925 ---
[quote=Juan007;11303324]i have a problem to run the EA

you must read the instructions carefully and proceed as described there, among others: Lastly, remember to click the AutoTrading button and add http://skycode.co.id into Allow WebRequest for listed URL in Tools -> Options -> Expert Advisors tab on the MT4 terminal, otherwise, it won't work.

You certainly didn't do that . Look at this one: http://prntscr.com/kbdda4

--- 帖子 #926 ---
[quote=Robin68;11303454]
thanks for your time  i run the EA nice

excuse me

--- 帖子 #927 ---
I would recommend doesnt use the indicator TDI-RT-Clone-rAlgo on the chart, because it requires a lot of computing power from the PC.

The PC is therefore very lame. It is sufficient if the Indi is only in the indicator folder.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
All good, glad that it's just a misunderstanding, we certainly value your contribution here, bojack34.

--- 帖子 #929 ---
EA run ok if not attacth TDI-RT-Clone-rAlgo on chart ?

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Yes. please read the README file in our Google Drive https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/f...hlPbwtCmLm3ID9

--- 帖子 #931 ---
result today. v0.7, H4 TF, default setting, Tickmill. small balance.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

v0.6 H4, entry TF M15, long-term (big TP) setting. still have 400 pips floating profit.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

v0.7, NZDUSD hit TP today. there are also some pair that closed with profit.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #932 ---
0.7 tf 1H no Sr38 usdjpy tp  usdcad tp but I'm in stuck with eurjpy and EURCAD how

--- 帖子 #933 ---
here is my test so far:

https://www.myfxbook.com/members/fre...ing-ea/2615340

One of a kind EA. Good job Akangaziz.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Akangaziz, how long do you want to collect the trade information with http://skycode.co.id?

--- 帖子 #935 ---
I dont understand this because there is only One entry input on the EA.  You state 2 entry settings here. ??

--- 帖子 #936 ---
You put ea on 4h chart, and use options exit /entry 15/30/60/240

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Demo account, XM, ver. 0.7; 23-26.07.18; lot 0.01 after 0.11..
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Small real account, Ava Trade, ver. 0.7; 23-26.07.18; lot 0.01
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

but -80$ at unclosed trades
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Ok txs, I wasn’t aware that what TF the EA was loaded on made a difference. I thought the input was the only thing that mattered

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Hi,Guy

it's more lose,few profits ，Why？

My set:

time:H1
version：V0.6

v0.6 short-term setting and v0.6 long-term setting  （on  Post 554）

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Hi armaros, thanks for asking, for now there is no plan to remove the Skycode Webrequests, you can refer to Post 1 for more information.  Feel free to reach out  to me if you have more questions.

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Hi prodos, v0.6 might be choppy on results, but if you run the EA over a longer period of time and be patient, you will see better results.  You should use H4 and default settings.

Also you can try v0.7 too, see Post 1.  Green pips.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
This will be what I am forward testing for the weeks to come. I will test this until there is a new updated version of the EA released. I'm not sure about the "max risk in percentage of balance". I'm not sure how many pairs I should be trading with this input set this low. I am going for a slightly less aggressive approach.

EDIT: I decide to NOT trade pivot 38 since Davit does not include that pivot on his initial set of rules. It starts out a 61. I know that he personally DOES trade 38 but that comes with more experience and a level of discrepancy, which I believe is hard for an EA to achieve. I don't like that my SL will now be 161 but I do believe that is better than it only being 2 pivot lines away.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Hi bojack34, I think you can adjust the "max risk in percentage of balance" to mimic Davit's method of SL.  As your account grow you can adjust that settings too.  It's already on the Feature Request tracking sheet that we should add an absolute SL $ setting, and Aziz will decide to add this feature or not.

We are starting backtest of the EA soon, and the question of whether to take trades at pivot 38, will soon be supported by backtest data (yes, backtest is not perfect, but at least it brings us closer to the "answer" zone on those questions we have in our mind).

Green pips!

--- 帖子 #944 ---
How many pairs r you running and what time frame r you using default set files. What is the TP value is 1000 pips or 100 pips. Pls share you set files

I was running more than 5 hours no trade got opened. I used default setting in all JPY and AUD pairs in M15 time

Any idea why the pivot was not in price points

--- 帖子 #945 ---
For backrest I'm ready if you want. And I suggest to test filter with angle as is one of the main safety criteria for Davit s pivot strategy. Seems nobody using it here(me too) but I suppose could be a real boost to avoid dd

Regards

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Hi cescof, please contact me by joining the Telegram chat group https://t.me/joinchat/HYTxHhCWwJS9jra3TzKDNw, regarding joining the backtest team, thanks.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
FYI: Do date, with ten years Forex experience, I've never seen an EA work successfully yet. Though I wish to see one work, I haven't as of yet.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Thank you DiamondMiner, so far the EA is looks promising as people are reporting positive results, however it's still in v0.7 beta so it's not bug-free or contains all the features people are requesting, but we are working on it.

We just keep pushing the envelope and see where this effort lead us to, you are welcome to test the EA (see Post 1) and share with us your comments.  Appreciate your 10-year experience as a Forex trader.

BTW, the Backtest team is formed and backtest will be starting early next week, will share the results once we collate them.  Green pips.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
It's difficult but not impossible, go ask Medallion fund manager James Simons

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Hi guys, been reading through and this ea sounds good. Just setup to start next week. I’ll endevour to post results on a weekly basis. Good luck to all and keep up the great work

--- 帖子 #951 ---
I'm sorry I am slow, I still don't see where this options exit/entry is. Could you send a screenshot?

--- 帖子 #952 ---
If you had bothered to read at least the last 10 pages of this thread you would have found that those exit/entry options are available only in v0.6 and they were removed in v0.7, which can be seen in the changelog.

Continue learning. Sorry to come off as an ass, but spoonfeeding will doom humanity.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Sorry I was looking at his screenshot on post 949 which is .7 and for your information I have been reading every page!

--- 帖子 #954 ---
I just set up EA on my account, hope to post good results soon

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Thank you for sharing this very interesting looking EA.

I too have just set up a demo account and I'm running 20 pairs (No Martingale) on 4hr.

I hope to share positive results.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Yes, I read that post, but I thought that bohurst was not able to exit trades, but did not have a problem entering trades.... for me i can not even get an entry to trigger, so I dont think FIFO would be a factor?

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Hi, I put this EA on All AUD and JPY pairs on M15. Smiley face with no errors. Auto trade enabled. But no trades. Please advise.

--- 帖子 #958 ---
In the hand trade

The first stage is easy to win

But after the EA is set in the order,

In case it is too far because setting TP

How to quit safely and get proper compensation at a loss

Here it is recommended that the EA can configure the second stage of the order and the third stage.

S78 & S100

The second time, you may enter the single position.

If it rebounds as scheduled

EA will take the opportunity to release the order

--- 帖子 #959 ---
let's not forget, any fund is probably using someone else's money, not theirs. I prefer using the Davit trading method manually, I do not have any problem staying in the black ink.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
it's a private fund meaning you can't invest with them, with an average ROI of 25% a year since 30 years I think they invest their own money by now.

--- 帖子 #961 ---
As children we all make a lot of mistakes, then as we become adults we learn and tend not to make as many, then again as we becomes senior citizens a lot of mistakes tend to reoccur.

I learned a long time ago that I would never be anywhere close to perfect.Unlike you Mr.Perfect.In the short time you were with Davit I see you were quick to pick up on his degrading and

disrespectful insults and arrogance.If anything you do you need to learn to respect other people Mr. Perfect!

--- 帖子 #962 ---
result this week. v0.7, real account with small balance, TP big (1000 pips), floating loss 150pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

result this week. v0.6, real account, long-term setting (big TP value), floating profit 130 pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Equity line from the launch of version 0.7, this week I had a DD, still in positive though.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Hi Akangaziz

How are you?,   can you post what Pairs are you using?

Default H4?

.. Thanks advance.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
almost all major pairs in Tickmill.  don't do that with big money.

for a small or testing purpose, feel free to explore and test.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
what are you saying is about extend pips distance if a trend is strong and against u. from the default setting pips distance (ex: 10pips) to a bigger value. yes, it can save the account from big drawdown, but still, u can't find a way to exit if strong is continue.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
thank you sir

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Tp big 1000 pips in 5 digits quotes or 4 digits ?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
5-digit broker.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Hi DiamondMiner, thanks for your comments, if you read Post 1 we briefly touched on the fact that there are both advantages and disadvantages of Manual vs EA trading methodologies -- each trader can define/decide which trading style suit them best.

If trading Davit's method manually works best for you, yes, and no one else should dispute that, but if you ever decide to use this EA, you are welcome too.  Green pips.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
With Profit Factor 2.04, still a respectable performance!

Once again, let's remember that this ea is NOT the Holy Grail that everyone is looking for, so you should not expect your profit/equity curve will grow exponentially, however increasingly we are confident that over the long run, this EA will generate some consistent profits as we inch closer to v1.0.

Green pips!

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Please use H4 TF please, and trades are only opened when there is TDI cross at the SR38/61/78/100 levels, so the EA does not trade at regular frequency.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
How/where do you choose options to entry /exit on 15/30/60/240? Do you trade manually? As the EA is attached on 4HR chart, the EA only open orders every 4HRs or by pipesteps and exit trades when targets are reached.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
[quote = akangaziz; 11309708] {quote}你說的是關於延伸點距離，如果趨勢強烈且反對你。從默認設置pips distance。[/ quote]

Agree

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Hi, good morning, I would like to contribute to this PV-Ea project. Could put the Function, closing by the percentage of the daily account ie. Reached Ex: 2% of the balance on the day, the robot ends operations and only resumes the other day. (this function can be active or not the user's option).
Thanks for your Job.

--- 帖子 #976 ---
I downloaded he PERFORMANCE.rar, can you tell me on what site you linked your account to get this interactive history. Really enjoyed

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Thanks for the suggestion, however I will put this down on the Feature Request tracking sheet and we will discuss and decide. Green pips blastorFX.

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Thanks for the suggestion, I will put this down on the Feature Request tracking sheet and we will discuss and decide. Green pips blastorFX.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Hi again, I'm just trying to figure out if this ea will work on US based accounts.  I have had different versions of the ea running for most of the last 3-4 weeks and not been able to have a single trade trigger.  I'm not getting any errors, autotrading is turned on and I have plenty of experience using EA's, but I'm just not sure if for some reason this EA will not work with a US based account (I'm running it on Oanda and Forex.com so far).  It has been suggested that possibly FIFO rules are preventing it from working, but I think that perhaps that would only be a factor once an initial position is opened?  But really I'm just curious if anyone with a us based account has been able to run this EA.  Thanks in advance for a response!

--- 帖子 #980 ---
result today, started  lot size 0.01, v0.7, tf H4: profit 220 pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #981 ---
for me, Monday is always good for technical strategy. usually, market is free from fundamental factor.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
my setting for v0.7

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #983 ---
default setting

--- 帖子 #984 ---
correct.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Hi

Thanks for sharing this system and your default settings, very kind...

I set up v0.7 as per instructions and had two early trades this morning on ej & gj and both ended up in green pips!

I'll update/feedback as we go through the journey.....

ATB

Carlos

--- 帖子 #986 ---
[quote = WindChaser; 11291474] {quote} Oi chinchano, você adicionou o http://skycode.co.id , correto? Veja # Post 795 acima. Felicidades. [/ Quote]

Look, I think I have everything okay and it does not work, can you help please?

--- 帖子 #987 ---
i have try but not started on my account so far its 20 minutes but no trade open...........

--- 帖子 #988 ---
This ea open a position only when all the conditions are meet , today only 2 trade ....please read the post with attention!

--- 帖子 #989 ---
I think you wrong the adress of website!!  http://skycode.co.id this correct!! You write WWW. also...

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Ops, many thanks Mike!

work now

--- 帖子 #991 ---
what pairs you trade ?

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Joe, I've got a US account and I can confirm its working.  Make sure you also have the TDI-RT indicator downloaded in your indicator folder.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Hi Sir,

May I know how can we determine the TP/SL in version 0.7?

--- 帖子 #994 ---
If you haven't joined the Telegram group, you are welcome to join as we discuss the testing of this EA and sharing of trade results.

Come join us!

--- 帖子 #995 ---
hi，I use v0.7，my povit line haven't changed monday, should I reload ea every monday? thanks!

--- 帖子 #996 ---
This is a known v0.7 bug that the pivot lines are either (1) not showing at all or (2) not showing correctly, the way to fix it is to restart the MT4 terminal.  However even if the lines are displayed incorrectly on the chart, it does NOT affect the correct operation of the EA (ie. the trades will still be triggered at the right S/R levels and TDI crosses).

--- 帖子 #997 ---
thanks! I will try

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Hi all,

i've been running the ea since yesterday but no trade open. Ea is correctly setup and doesn't even try to open a trade.

Maybe i'm missing something?

Anyway thanks a lot for the amazing work!!!

TF 4h on 7 majors

Cheers

--- 帖子 #999 ---
if you are using v0.7, you can change the timeframe to 1 min(the pairs reach r38,s38...)，it will open a trade soon, if still not open a trade, maybe you didn't set correctly.today v0.7 open NJ, AC, UC

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Today we had USDCAD trades opened and closed in profits. Please check the Experts tab to see if there are errors reported there.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
thanks! I will try

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Hi. I have the same problem as lemming78. Can you explain what I have to see in the expert table to see the error? Or if there is another solution more practical because I do not know anything about EA. Sorry my bad english

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Please join the Telegram chatgroup and PM me @UltimateCharm, I will try to help.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Time to post on FF.

First, thanks to Davit for this strategy and for teaching us how to fish. May the force be with you, always.

Second, kudos to Akangaziz for his project and his flawless work. Third but not least kudos to the team, who is helping the entire project.

Below are 2 charts after 1 month/350 trades, manual vs automat. I have tried various settings (with 10 virtual machines) for the automated strategy and so far this one is performing the best.

Manual. Real.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

rAlgoPivot EA. Demo.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Settings.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Wish the pairs you are using? - Bigboss

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Sorry for my dump question - On your signal are open the pairs

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
hI, can you said me he floating - on demo and real? on this history?

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
All, we just published the latest EA Installation Guide along with 20 FAQ answers, do take a look at Post 1 for more information.  Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Thanks Nomenix for sharing your results and comments, just curious to know, did you run these tests using v0.51 or the latest v0.7?

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
for me, it is real account, as mentioned before. since v0.6 i use real account for fwd test.

just a small amount to test.

profit or loss, not a big deal.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
for manual trades, number of total trades is quite big.

do u use additional tool to help u manual trading? like auto adding volume, etc etc.

btw it is v0.51, latest version is 0.7 now.

thanks for ur report. keep exploring .

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
it was yesterday's trade. some of today's trade are still open, u can see from my TE, fwd test v0.7

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
if you are interested on floating loss, there is always a small amount, between 1-5% not a big deal.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Good morning (here)  I've followed your thread from the beginning and appreciate all the work you are doing.  In trying to join the Telegram group, I receive the message "The webpage cannot be displayed."  I've tried several times.   Thanks for any help.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
The tests are made with identical settings* on both 0.5 and 0.7 versions. The results are better with 0.5 for the time being.

* Differences are: missing exit on tdi cross and close all trades after x hours for the 0.5 version

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
"for manual trades, number of total trades is quite big"

I have faith on this strategy

"do u use additional tool to help u manual trading?"

Not until recently. But with the growth of balance i start to use a tool and add 5 pending order in the direction of my order, 5 pips away.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Great. Thks!

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Can you share this tool with us?

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Running 1.2.10, with the URL in options, in D1 TF only.

Some nights the EA finds trade setups and holds them in the queue until they hit (as one would expect), other days (like today), it finds setups, but cancels them a minute later, not five (300 seconds).  Is this expected?  Are there input variables that control this?  Should ReplaceOrder be false?

Thank you for any guidance you can offer.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Scheint zu funktionieren, aber man kann nur ein Währungspaar Handeln.

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Hi oradba, thanks for your post however I am not sure if you have posted at the right thread, in this thread the EA version is at v0.7, there is no "1.2.10".  I am not aware there is a "ReplaceOrder" in the EA.  Please read Post 1 of this thread if you are interested to find out more about the Pivot Trading EA.  Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
It might be your Firewall/ISP/Country blocking access to Telegram, https://t.me/joinchat/HYTxHhCWwJS9jra3TzKDNw is the group chat invite.

If you can't access that please seek help from your friends/family members to assist you on this technical issue.  Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
You are right :-(.  Sorry to have wasted your time.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Attached File(s)   Scaling script v1.2.mq4

8 KB
|
433 downloads

This is a script, copy to MT4 - MQL4 - Scripts

For BUY

drag the script under the price = x buy limit orders at x pips

drag the script over the price = x buy stop orders at x pips

For SELL

drag the script under the price = x sell limit orders at x pips

drag the script over the price = x sell stop orders at x pips

So you can pyramid profit or use martingale.

For automated trading i do not use martingale, i use martingale for manual trading, 50 pips distance rather then 5.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Thanks for the script

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Hello all. Below are the trades taken so far by this robot. I am using version 0.7 with default settings except for target pips. I ran the robot for 8 days so far (from July 23) in 4 pairs (EURUSD, USDCHF, GBPUSD and USDJPY). The performance is great! Thanks Akangaziz.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Thank you so much for developing this tool. The plan is to test for still 1 month and then live with 100$ and 0.01 on 10 pairs.

In my home work has to be paid sooner or later, so i will give back some profits to akangaziz. He also can see my balance and track my gains, so i cannot hide.

Aziz which is the status of the ea? I mean, is there still any bug? Do you plan to implement new features?

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
10 pairs with 100$ balance will most probably result in a margin call and/or account bust

read FAQ in post 1 for more details

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
I'm sorry, typo. I meant 1,000 but i'll evaluate this month if it's sufficient or i have to triple to 3k.

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
!!Update!!

Account: 100$

Account Max: 181$

Account Today: 160$

Drawdown: 14.5%

My first loss, the cause was because I was negligent, I ended up leaving the jpy pairs traded yesterday and some ended yesterday and today in red pips, as yesterday left 3 red news for jpy turned out to result in this unforeseen.

----

Pairs before:

AUDCHF,EURAUD,GBPJPY,NZDCHF,NZDJPY,NZDUSD

Pairs Now:

AUDCHF,EURAUD,GBPJPY,NZDCHF,GBPCAD,NZDUSD,EURUSD.

---

Max trades open: 4 all (eurusd - 3)

----

Obs: Now on news days, do not trade pairs that day if the news is red

No martingale

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Hi Ggtraderbr,

Would you mind sharing your settings for 100€ balance account?

What is your leverage?

Thanks!

Regards

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
I also had that FIFO problem with OANDA- it won't work! I am in the process of opening anew account with FinPro in Europe.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
0.7 def.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Im new to EA trading and not sure about FIFO but i have a OANDA Europe account and its working fine at my end.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Very nice! What pairs do you recommend?

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Hello all. I think this is a wrong entry. V0.7 opened trades on the pivot, though all six trades in total are positive. Is this a bug in the robot?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Hi SergsPogi, thanks for your feedback.  If you check the comment section of the first trade of this group of trades, it should say R78 or R100, which means the EA triggered the first trade at that Resistance level.  As to why the lines are incorrectly drawn, this is a known bug that the pivot lines are either (1) not showing at all or (2) not showing correctly, the way to fix it is to restart the MT4 terminal.  However even if the lines are displayed incorrectly on the chart, it does NOT affect the correct operation of the EA (ie. the trades will still be triggered at the right S/R levels and TDI crosses).

Do take a read of the Installation Guide with FAQs if you have any other questions, lastly, please join our Telegram chat (more than 200 members there) to get more info/updates/discuss with other traders who are testing the EA.

Hope this helps. Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
yesterday's result. I exit earlier, close all floating profit around 210 pips. in total i get 350 pips yesterday.

today and tomorrow we'll have some red news.

be careful if you still have floating trades, exit while you profit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
The news filter its a must, i know it is on the list, till then maybe you should put 2-3 manual Stop Intervals from 23.59 to 00.59 (spread high) , from 14.30 to 16.30 (US news) , etc

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
""we are working on better SL"" ""red news""

When in profit, lets say +100 pips put break even at +90 pips and let it run (with trailing or without trailing). On the red news set break even at whatever profit - 5 pips and let it run. If there is not enough room for those 5 pips, close the trades.

I use this approach all the time from a long time and the reward is great especially on the red news time.

We will lose (from profit) 5 pips vs limitless gain.

Attached File(s)   modify_stops_DragDrop.mq4

1 KB
|
356 downloads

This script modify SL for ALL open positions and for ALL pending orders on the active chart. Just drag-it where you want the SL to be set.

Attached File(s)   modify_take_profits_DragDrop.mq4

1 KB
|
368 downloads

This script modify TP for ALL open positions and for ALL pending orders on the active chart. Just drag-it where you want the TP to be set.

Hope i am not to intrusive.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
I do not know if something escaped me, but after 2 days without negotiations in several pairs, EA has now opened a selling position, but above the R38 line?

opinions are needed

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
M1 ???

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
no H4, just put it on M1 to see better

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
are you on v0.7 ?

mine is lokking like this...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
[quote = TamRoofer; 11327234] {quote} você está na v0.7? o meu é lokking assim ... {image} [/ quote]

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
A big Thank You for all the scripts..!! saves a lot of time.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Cheers

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Serious green pips today - closed trades up 11% and the basket still in small profit.....

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
As far as it seen i didnt see any bug report for last 4 pages. so it means this EA is pretty stable version.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Quoting lemming78

Thank you so much for developing this tool. The plan is to test for still 1 month and then live with 100$ and 0.01 on 10 pairs. In my home work has to be paid sooner or later, so i will give back some profits to akangaziz. He also can see my balance and track my gains, so i cannot hide. Aziz which is the status of the ea? I mean, is there still any bug? Do you plan to implement new features? Thanks again

Not a good idea, i have open positions on GU with a drawdown bigger then your planned plan  Try 1000$, at least.

EDIT: I've saw now your older post, your plan is 1000$ My bad.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
There are still some bugs (see FAQ section of the EA installation guide), and a few features are still missing (eg. news filter), and the SL exit is still non-ideal.

But yes, the EA is still making serious pips, as reported by many many testers, in spite of these shortcomings.

You are welcome to join our Telegram chat to get the latest updates.  Green pip tycexadvisor.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
trade result this week. v0.7, H4, default setting. 17% profit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
You guys are doing a nice job here.

Really well done.

I will be joining the group very soon.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Do we have to close all positions on friday or let them go through next week? I ask it because pivots changes from week to week.

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Where can I find the pivot trading indicator that you are using? Just the indicator for manual trading

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
How much i understand the indicator is packaged with the EA on google drive. See the first post for details on the files.

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
No good EA for me , many wrong orders  .

v0.7, H4, default setting

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
I got the TDI clone in the indicator folder and the EA in the Experts folder and attached it to the chart. And followed as much as I could. But somehow it didn't open any trades today and yesterday.

No errors though.

Is it something I'm missing or was there simply no signal?

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Hi Rainy88, on Fridays it's good to close the trades if you are in profit, otherwise, you can choose to do nothing.

The EA is designed NOT to trigger any NEW trades on Fridays as it readies for a new set of weekly pivots on the coming Monday, however, the EA can/will trigger trades on Friday if there are existing floating trades from previous few days.

Hope this explains.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Hi tzic, this thread is for EA robot trading, for manual trading, please visit Davit's thread https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=588764, you will be able to find all relevant resources there.  Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
See EA Installation Guide for more information.

In it, FAQ question 3 says:
3. I have Smiley Face icon on my chart, but why there are no trades opened?
Smiley Face means the rPT-EA is running, however the EA is not designed to trade at regular intervals, instead, depending on which Pivot levels the price is hovering at AND if there is TDI cross (below the “TDI Maximum for BUY” number and above the “TDI Minimum for SELL” number) , only then a buy/sell trade will be executed. Also, the EA is designed NOT to trigger any NEW trades on Fridays as it readies for a new set of pivots on the coming Monday, however, the EA can/will trigger trades on Friday if there are existing floating trades from previous few days.  Be patient.

Hope this helps, and green pips to you.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Thank you WindChaser you were superclear, what do you and Akangaziz suggest to do with losing positions on friday? Close them or carry them to the next week?

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Hi zzz18, I am sorry to learn that your experience with this EA has not been good.  This is interesting as we have received many positive results from many testers this week.  May I know how long have you been running the EA, which pairs you traded and the starting account size?  https://goo.gl/RSSjcE is the EA Installation Guide with FAQs if you want to revisit.

Below is the Balance graph of my DEMO trading this week (14 pairs), it's a TEST martingale set of 1.2, lot size 0.1.  Tests are still ongoing so I am not able to conclude if on longer term this EA based on Davit's strategy, would work or not.  We'll see.

I wish you green pips.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Hi

May I suggest something if not already been done!

As the consecutive wins are 9 and consecutive losses 3 this indicate a good entry criteria in first place and so a good expectancy.

If so, why not using positive and negative martingale?

For example: R:R of 1:2

First trade: 0.01 lot and you win

Second trade: use the total profit from above to trade. If it's a win you have nice profit. If it's a loose you didn't loss anything of your initial balance.

Third trade: in case you have a loss start from first step.

4 trade: martingale to recover the previous loss. 2*0.01 lot

Etc....

Mainly if win you use just ones your total profit on next trade.

If loose, you martingale initial lot size etc...

Regards

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
I use EA first week , my balance ( real ) 100$ , lot 0.01-0.03 . Pairs  CADYPY , EURJPY , AUDCAD , GBPUSD , NZDUSD , EURCHF . First EA increased Depo from 100$ to 160 $ , than all profit was lost by EA .

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
I think 1 week only is a tremendously insufficient time to evaluate a trading system EA.

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Been there done that, not a good call. Best thing to do is to close all trades manually when in profit, and this is truly the best thing to do in this stage. Martingale thingy (especially with multiplying lots) is a bi..ch. My opinion.

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
I agree. IMHO At least 6 months in demo/real, backtest in 8-10 years and then two years with certified and verified Myfxbook real account.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
There shouldn’t be a martingale on this ea, only a re-entry at the next pivot if need be. Adding to winning trades would be acceptable.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Very impressive results!

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Hi zzz18,

1. Testing using real money is not recommended at the moment since the EA is still in v0.7 beta

2. If you decide to use real money for testing, please follow our recommendation in the EA Installation Guide

Green pips,

WindChaser

-------------------------------------

FAQ 6 it says:

6. How many pairs can I trade if my starting account balance is only $100?

We recommend you start with at least $300 in your account.

For Account Balance $300, trade maximum 3 pairs, use 0.01 lot size with Martingale 1.0, “profit in pips to start adding volume”: 10, “close all trades after x hour”: 24,  adjust down the “profit in pips to close all trades” settings to 100, max opened trade 5.

For Account Balance $1000, trade maximum 10 pairs, use 0.01 lot size with Martingale 1.0, “profit in pips to start adding volume”: 10, “close all trades after x hour”: 72.

You should also disable the Martingale setting if you determine that in bigger timeframe the trend is too strong.

-------------------------------------

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Great advice WC!!  I really hope you and Az remove the martingale input and just add to the code that the EA ONLY enters orders at the pivot points. If we enter price at 61 and price continues to go against us, we then will only add more trades at the next pivot (which would be 78). The only time we are "adding" to our positions is when price is going in our desired direction.....ie "stacking".   This will allow us to ONLY trade at the pivot point and not "martingale" trades in the middle of 2 Pivots.  I know you have heard this argument from me before. I apologize for my redundancy   Keep up the good work my friend!!

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Some body say sr78 is last chance , true or not?

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Hi Buddakarn, for this question please check with the person who said that to you, or visit Davit’s thread to seek clarification there. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Hi Windhaser, First of all a big thankyou to akangaziz for his kindness and sharing his Ea, secondly to you for all the help and support you have given to everyone.

I have read the whole thread and there are some great results and people kind enough to share there settings which is great, and i hope to do the same.

I have a quick question, referring to FAQ 6 it recommends, useing only 3 pairs on a £300 account, my question is can you or anyone else here on the thread recommend which 3 pairs to use, as we all know some pairs are crazy.

many Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
i know I’m not WC but, if it were me I would look at the calendar at the beginning of each week and look for 3 pairs that have an adr20 of less than 100 and are not going to be effected by any big news releases that week. I would Start with the recommended pairs from Davits thread and narrow down those pairs.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Thanks bojack, that does make complete sence, also just thought of a post that Davit made that all ways sticks in my head -

"Here is a tip to new traders

Best easiest pairs to trade are commodity pairs against each other

NZD CAD AUD

All pretty much stay in range.Rarely go to extremes and often worth holding even if you are in reasonable DD

I made shitload of money trading AC NC this year.

Once you take USD out of it then main factors are prices of commodities. Oil goes up CAD gets strong, dairy up NZD strong,Iron ore up AUD up in basic terms and rest is technical where they are on the charts "

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Results for the week. Not bad at all.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
hi traders,

As i am one of pivot support and resistance lover, can i forward test this EA? I joined the telegram channel and will forward test this EA 24/7 and post the results here, As from reviews likely v0.7 would be much stable so am going with it, appreciate for the good work guys

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
i have a problem, that this EA is not activating in mt4 strategy tester? what would be the issue guys??

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Hi Arjun, please read Post 1 and the EA installation document. Backtest is not allowed at the moment. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
H4 TF, 10 pairs

5 days running

real account
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
What settings ?

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
default settings

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Version 7 or lower versions?

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
v0.7

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Hi guys,

As i have setted up the ea, it hasn't took any trade yet but i hope it will because of smiley face . The question is that, you can see on screenshot that the pivot and support resistance lines are only drawn on one pair i.e eur/gbp but as on other 5 pairs the smiley face is there but with no support and resistance lines? Whats this issue is this EA working correctly with my system?? Thanks guys

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Arjun please read the EA Installation Guide, the answers for your questions can be found in the FAQ section.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
yes brother i know ea will not take the trades frequently but the question is the pivot, support or resistance lines are not there in 5 pairs even in one pair it only showing is this ok, am waiting hope for the good  cheers

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
I have tested something new. I do not want to modify the strategy but this information may help the testing team.

I remove the use of pivots completely to reduce lag as much as possible. Something like TMS i think.

But the trades are taken only towards the Central Pivot.

Other rules:

H4

TDI 60/40
Angleator from M5 to H1 need to be minimal neutral (black) / no arrows showing contrarian colors, if some confirm red for sell, green for buy, better.

Martingale on, 1 (not a fan just testing)

distance between trades 5 pips

max 10 open orders

close all trades if TDI crossing, false

TP 100 pips SL 1000 pips (need better exit rules)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

time of trading, 1 week, nonstop

profit factor, 10 times bigger than with use of pivots

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Just close your mt4 and launch it again.

Anything will be ok..

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
hi! newbie here... what is the meaning of TDI maximum for buy 40 and TDI minimum for SELL 60? is it the level? does it mean, it will trigger the BUY maximum if the TDI is not greater than 40 level and it will trigger SELLL minimum if TDI is no less than 60 level? is that it? because i understand it this way?

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

restarted platform this morning to update pivots...now seems the EA is giving problems...it opens huge positions!

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Sorry if I ask, but I didn't understand when you say "I remove the use of pivots completely to reduce lag as much as possible. Something like TMS i think.

But the trades are taken only towards the Central Pivot.".

Are you testing the same EA or something new? In the first case, how can I configure the actual EA with the right settings to obtain the same behaviour?

Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Looks very good.

Which indi are you using?

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Quoting Paolino

"how can I configure the actual EA with the right settings "

Quoting renkotop

"Which indi are you using"

I wrote a script in AutoIt who does the job, but i think Akangaziz can easily modify the EA if interested. I believe we must try everything to achieve succes.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Hi, I guess u use the same magic number for more than 1 pair..

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
My USDJPY trades using v0.7 from last week. I did not intervene with the robot even with news. When I checked this morning, all the open trades were gone. When I checked the Account History, all were positive!!! Hmmm... this works like magic. Great stuff, Akangaziz. Thanks buddy.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
very useful the scripts you did and shared, thank you

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
interesting. may I know how u do that with AutoIt script?

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
yes friends, i got it... if we use same magic number to different charts or pairs then the pivot levels will not show in different chart. It was mentioned in instruction but ....... i think i had setted up properly now, now every chart is showing levels  cheers

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
I had thought that FIFO rules would interfere with closing trades, but should it affect trade entry?  It does not make sense to me?

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Aziz and WindChaser, can you address this issue with EA and FIFO rules?

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
The script, in fact a fully functional program with graphic interface, is able to see mt4 GUI (arrows, lines, colors, etc), is able to see inside log.files and with this combined informations is putting orders, close orders, even trail orders, after a predetermined logic.

AutoIt is a Basic-like scripting language designed for automating pretty much everything you see on the screen. It works perfectly with mt4.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
It only interferes with closing trades. This only happens with U.S. brokers because of the Dodd-Franks law. First trade open is the first trade closed.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Can this EA work with a Canadian Forex account or they have some crazy restrictions there as well?

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
If anyone else has trouble with the Pivot levels not displaying correctly, after you checked all magic numbers. Just go and remove EA click on every Chart time frame for the pair that is not displaying "Wait to Load Chart " Should appear, MT Just hasn't downloaded all your history correctly.

Once that has happened re-load the EA and problem should be solved

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
I don't know about Canada, maybe someone else can help here.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
I live in Canada and brokers and FX law's aren't very retailer's friendly.  I'am with an Aussie broker, for 6 months now, Global Prime, and I'm very pleased with them.

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
It seems MT4 must be restarted every week to show the pivot levels correctly. Is that correct, Windchaser? I think this can be easily resolved without the need to restart MT4 by using something like EventSetTimer along with ObjectMove to move the pivot lines to the right places at the beginning of the week.

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
ok, got it. thanks

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
what happened to it? It was on the thread and then when I got home from work to download it, it was gone?

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Hi montego, my personal preference are USDCAD, EURGBP, AUDJPY.  Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
If you have not joined our budding Telegram group, you are welcome to do so to get the latest news, discuss and share with 300 other fellow traders your results, thoughts and ideas!

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
There was nothing to download, only explanations.

That script is a team effort, Me, Myself & Irene, aaa, 2 more friends. Cannot share it.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Good for you, Nomenix.  For strategies/tools you can't/choose not to share, maybe it's best that we should not even mention about them so that others will not keep asking you to share, that's my humble suggestion.

Also, best to start a separate new thread if you wish to discuss more about your AutoIt tool/strategy.  Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
AUDCAD running more than 100pips, but setting for EA is still 100pips to close trades.

Any help why this is happening?

Am I to close it manually?

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Please see EA Installation Guide document, FAQ 16.  You can decide to intervene manually or just let the EA do its job.  Green pips.

16. What are the typical Stop Loss (SL) or Target Profit (TP) values?
SL example: Entry Buy at S61, SL at S161  (that’s 100%)
TP example: Entry Buy at S61, TP at weekly pivot line, but usually trade will close after "profit in pips to close all trades" setting is reached.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Correct, i wont mention anymore about tools that i cannot share, and strategies/results i cannot talk about without referring to tools that aren't free.

Cheers,

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Sorry that was a mistake on my part. I was thinking of something else on a different thread. My mistake.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Thanks mate.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
This is called a large body? 80 pip

Is this 5-digit broker?

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Hi Legge, please check FAQ 15 of the EA Installation Guide for "Big Candle" explanation.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Having issues. I keep getting the program terminated itself. I followed instructions! I'm not new to downloading files to MT4. Please help

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Hi ginotv25, please refer to Step 3d of the EA Installation Guide if it still not working, you can contact me @UltimateCharm on Telegram.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
thank you windchaser. I finally got it to work. Thanks for the response!!

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
No, 80 pips in 4 digits.

If 5 digits broker become 800 pips or 800 points.

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Not sure if it is a problem with my setup or if this is with everyone using ea, but I have large difference b/w pivots on usdcad according to ea versus where they are on my davit template (which corresponds to pivots on various websites including https://www.actionforex.com/markets/...-pivot-points/ .

most of the pairs on the ea have pivots that more or less line up with my template, but the pivot for usdcad on ea is 1.3088, while the pivot on my template is 60 pips lower at 1.3016. This is a huge disparity and should be addressed? Again, maybe I am overlooking something. Davit always said a few pips does not make a difference, but for something this large, the s1 on the ea is still above the weekly pivot.

maybe there is some other reason that I do not have proper pivots shown on ea.

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Wow, 35% DD today. Many accounts would be getting margin calls....and many traders would stop trading....

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
EA wont understand fundamental,  it's just based on pivot line, don't expect its gonna survive in a long time period , for me I will avoid from buying GBP due to its critical economic condition, but this EA wont stop opening a new GBP cross pair , in this situation it's better for us to pray  or close account with a loss .

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Every Ea have losses  and price action is difficult to see for the EA \

But everbody is doing Demo accounts sure ? ;-)

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Im testing settings on 2 demo accounts. Both accounts have 6 same pairs and max open trades set to 3. One account has martingale enabled and one does not. Both accounts had placed 3 trades with audusd and closed in profits. Now regarding gbpusd, account with martingale has 3 orders and one without has 1 order. Can someone explain or point out the post where it explain how martingale works. As i thought with martingale turned off, the audusd would only have 1 order.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Hello Guy's,

Can I ask why the EA is taking trades on pairs not recommended in the original strategy?

Asw

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Martingale is about adding more lotsize. Not about number of trades.

So it starts with 0.01 lot size, then 0.02, 0.04, etc. (depending on your settings.)

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Thanks but at my end its effecting the number of orders as well. As i wrote, only 1 gbpusd order was taken on the account where it was off. One it was on, it took 3 orders.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
All depends on MM. My DD is 1.8% now

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
ouch,
-61.2% on the Pivot Trading EA v0.7 account. rip the live money.

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Which pairs would these be?

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Having any GBP crosses right now is a bad Idea...at least until bretix is over.

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
looks like everyone it uses
https://www.forexfactory.com/akangaziz#acct.17
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...773563#acct.17

its on this thread that akangaziz uses :/

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Friends explain please, EA default settings for 4-digit quotes ??? or for 5-digit?.... I did not understand ..... 80 pips a large body for exit, and at the same time "profit in pips to close all trades"  - 1000 pips. How so?

Appositely, look at the drawdown akangaziz....

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Windchaser I am having a problem here manual trading. I entered this AU chart, but it doesn't show on the chart as an open trade. What could I have done wrong? Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
big trend for GBP and news release NZD BNZ Rate Statement kill my account today.

lesson learned:

1. money management: better to use big pips distance and max trade to 5.

2. suggest having no trade at S38/R38, S100/R100.

3. in v0.8, need to handle/fix big SL size and possible to have a trailing feature (need to test it).

experience increase quality, every mistake is a lesson..

lucky me, I still not use big money yet for EA.. I still can fail 10 times with the same amount

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Yes has smashed my account today, at 3% DD currently... I had to hedge Manually to ease DD

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
I've already asked this question once, but got no reply, so here it is again.

Hello Guy's,

Can I ask why the EA is taking trades on pairs not recommended in the original strategy?

Asw

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Because it takes trades on what ever pair you want it too. Upto you what charts you drag the EA on

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
I was just about to ask the same question. What is the issue with the EA

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
just test,it will have more trade

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
You should use Davit’s pairs yes, however since this is beta EA testing so feel free to put the EA in any pairs as test, using Demo money. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
The strategy is for the pairs Davit quoted, so the EA won't wor, I've try just the pairs, might be surprised.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
No they do work just like the ones Davit quoted, just some are more volatile and have a chance of moving against you quickly.

its up to individual preferences in the end

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Me personally am only using 4 pairs and yes they are the original ones from Davit. But I have tested a range of them on my Demo, and they all have the good and bad days

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Akangaziz has red party for the time being. So sad.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
[quote=akangaziz;11347801]. lesson learned: 1. money management: better to use big pips distance and max trade to 5.

Hi

What would you recommend the bigger pip distance to be and can this change be made on the EA input page or will you have to build this in to your next update?

Thank you

Carlos

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
It's a good approach to improve performance for next releases. Good job.

IMHO, I think just few valid indicators are enough, otherwise the strategy could becomes complex and difficult to manage with worse results than expected.

I don't understand the logic of martingala when set to ON: isn't it better to use an antimartingala approach? I mean, collecting new orders after PA convalidates the bounce in the right direction (toward pivot or opposite zone)?

Thank you very much in advance.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Martingale will always blow an account sooner or later, it's a no go.

I don't understand the logic of martingala when set to ON <== while scaling in, Martingale means if after the first entry of say 1 lot, price falls back say, 10 pips, you double up to say 2 lots and if it falls back another 10 pips, you double again to 4 lots and so on. Until the account either boom or bbust.

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
I agree. I would accumulate/increment new orders only if following the swing in the direction I expect. It's hard but not impossible. Otherwise martingala is very dangerous.

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
Thanks for demonstrating that Pivot trading can blow up a live account

where 80% of losses come from 20% of trades

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
You really are a nasty piece of work. They are trying to develop an algo which is very different to manual trading as we've also found out over the last 3 years, ours would blow up your account too but trading our system manually doesn't, go figure.  Why don't you just leave people alone and get on with your own trading because I've been around here long enough to know you can't trade for shit.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Any type of trading can blow up a live account if you don't have correct Money Management....

All Akangaziz has shown is not to trade too many pairs and open up too many positions with a small size account which cant sustain DD.

My DD was at 3.5% at its worst I hedged my account and closed out just under BE. On a $5000 account 3.5% is not bad and that was with 2 pairs ( normally risking 2% per pair is my limit )

If you do not know how to manage your own money, you certainly should not rely on an EA...

There are things you can do to minimize DD like I had NZD JPY open up some Buy orders with the EA and because of this I managed my DD with placing a manual Buy order on AUD NZD which helped offset.. It will never be a set and forget solution so keep an eye on everything

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
this saying is  it happens in trading brother

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
good luck my friend and we need a news filter

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
RondaRousey, I have read posts by you in other threads, you are welcome to contribute here but please do not try to turn our thread into another thread filled with hatred and negativity. We are all imperfect, but let’s strive to build each other up and not tear down.  If you would like to quarrel with other traders please do it in the usual threads where you typically roam.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
I am amazed there are so little talks/solutions about MM. The strategy is good the Ea is good, the MM is bad. The logical action is to put little effort and try different settings on MM. Try to change "maxim risk in percentange of balance" from 80 to something less. Forget about manual trading style where we can intervene at any moment to manage/stop bad trades, this is (Sparta) automatic trading, we need to reduce risk at minimum. We also need maxim risk in pips or money.

GBP and NZD pairs were a nightmare and created many looses.

This was the worst week in months, but all trades are closed now and i am still in profit. Also observe DD.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Lets be honest, after month of good trades we start to behave that we found holly grail of Forex. But Forex fight back and thats that. I understending this as a learning curve. Also I blown my real account. Reason for that is bad lack (read: greed), GBPUSD & NZDJPY pairs and my idiotic hedging...

I agree with Nomenix:

Akangaziz, please continue your good work...

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
You are the man...

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
You have good point about the MM. Over the years I have seen a number of persons blow their account with EA. Not because the EA overall perform bad but because of greed: The EA seems to work fine and then they increase the lot size and then blow their account when the marked change. What I think It's strange is that these persons seems to know MM very well. Is it lack of experience that make them make this mistake?

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
In the most part is the lack of experience (been there) and the rest are driven by greed and overconfidence (work hard to no go there)

The pit may also contain: stupidity, lack of elementary logic, lack of common sense, gambling.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
What I'm amazed guys is that you all jumped real accounts with an EA in development phase that has almost 0 MM...

And instead of testing, providing feedback and solutions to current issues, the only thing I have seen here is people just going live and claiming awesome results after 1 week of testing...

I know this EA has potential, but it also has a lot of work to be done... And definetly was not and is not ready to go live.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
I agree with you 100%. I've coded an EA too and run it for the last week and the results are not very good.

The EA is coded to Davits spec, only this is I ran it on all Majors and Minors, I've set one up to just trade the ones, Davit claims the system works with,

I'll let you know next weekend how it did, SL is above/below the next level and entry must be above/below 78, TP set to just before pivot.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
If you give me the model spec in the following format and upload the relevant mql4 files, I'll build, refine and robustness check it for you:

LongEntryCondition = ????

ShortEntryCondition = ????

Entry orders

-- Long entry

if LongEntryCondition is true {

if No position is open then Buy on open at Market/stop or limit?;

Stop Loss = xxx pips?;

Profit Target = xxxpips?;

// Move SL to BE (on close)

Move Stop Loss to Entry price when in profit at least xxx pips?;

// Profit trailing (on close)

Profit Trailing by (xxx * ATR(18)) pips?;

}

-- Short entry

if ShortEntryCondition is true {

if No position is open then Sell on open at Market;

Stop Loss = xxpips?;

Profit Target = xxpips?;

// Move SL to BE (on close)

Move Stop Loss to Entry price when in profit at least xxpips?;

// Profit trailing (on close)

Profit Trailing by (xx? * ATR(18)) pips;

}

Exit orders

-- Long exit

if MarketPosition is Long {

if (????) {

Close position at market;

}

}

-- Short exit

if MarketPosition is Short {

if (????) {

Close position at market;

}

}

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Thanks for your offer, but it's a multipair EA and it's a straight forward coding job.

Many Thanks

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Hi, The best explanation of a system ive read on FF so thanks very much and for your pdf guide too.

Ive loaded all and will set it running next week on demo.

One thing I noticed on GU

How would it have traded it (see arrows). Pretty convincing that pivots are respected some way but not always to go back to the Pivot it seems...

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
StepMA_Bands_Fast indicator.

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Please explain what this has to do with Pivot trading?????

Looks like you are spamming lots of threads with the same stuff. Go away.

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
johnsun888, please respect the topic of the thread, anything unrelated to development/testing of the rAlgo Pivot Trading EA, should not be posted here.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Hi Emerald2112, yes the rPT EA can work by opening at S61 and close at S38 via TD crossed.  v0.8 is under development and we strive to address the SL problem and better MM, stay tuned.

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
I have submitted a cleanup report and hopefully the FF Admins will deal a decisive action on this spammer.

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
What the hell ?

You must be removed from here.

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Today...

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

forward test h4 standard settings, this is the first serious DD the EA is in. The major problem is that when wrong it loses big...

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Im getting this error in the EA log.

and only one chart is drawing the pivot lines. other charts are not drawing any pivot lines.

any idea?

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Thanks for sharing Rainy88, last week was bad for rPT EA, we also found a new bug in v0.7 regarding the "big candle" Stop Loss logic.  The v0.7 EA has no problem making pips, but the SL/MM will need to be strengthened otherwise in it will not stand up to strong trends (like the ones we saw last week in GBP and NZD pairs).

All, as mentioned many times, please feel free to test the v0.7 (or v0.8 in time to come) in DEMO accounts -- if Tesla were to release a v0.7 self-driving car for testing, we certainly will not want to put our kids in the car before it's certified to be road-worthy.  Same for this EA, please use DEMO money so that you will not experience unnecessary monetary losses.

We are working on v0.8 and aim to address the majority of the SL/MM issues reported.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Hi Mingteikg, it's a known bug, please refer to FAQ 21 in the EA Installation Guide for details.

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
subscribing... EA running on demo.

Thx!

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
I am running two demo accounts FX Choice and Turnkey Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

How can these pivots be so far off? I am troubled as to which one is correct? Both are .7.

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Hi bohurst, this is a known bug, please refer to FAQ 2 in the EA Installation Guide for more details.

We are closing in on v0.8, and this particular bug fixed, stay tuned.

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Thanks guy!!

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Hi there,

Anybody got orders on AU from yesterday?

It seems that the TDI crossed against the orders but the EA did not close the orders.

Is it a mistake?

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Still open, starting to profit

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Mine too, but what I meant is about a condition in the EA, that says, if TDI crossed against trade, close order. Shouldn't they EA have closed the order? It crossed on the H4 chart.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Kodos to you Akangaziz and WindChaser for your outstanding work. I was hoping that someone like you two would be able to simulate by EA anything close to Davit's great work in Professional Forex Trading. Also, hopefully oneday you all will integrate fundamentals as well. I was actually thinking of learning MT4 coding to try to do the same... but, it would take to long for me to learn coding despite my background in C language..

Here is a few days on a small live account:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thank you for your help my friends. This EA seems to be working well, but I will closely monitor and manually close as needed for large DDs that will trigger a Margin Call !

Regards,

John

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Well, I decided to close the above trades:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note:

T =29

PF = 14.38

%DD = 0.45%

Net P/L = $39.48 or approx 10% of initial Equity.

Nice !

TY again !

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
BTW, the above has been the most I ever made relatively in 15 years trading using Forex at one shot. Wow !

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Very nice. What settings are you using?

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
I am just using the standard settings by the authors or creators here. I may use the H1 for faster entries, then switch over to H4 for maintenance to avoid the Red News spikes during the LO. NYO or AO, in the opposite direction - except with any major tend reversal or RT or at the 78-100% or already 100 pips I will get out...my momma told me not to be greedy also  But any 50-100 Pips is likely to have a reversal depending on the pair, thus manually closing to keep my Pips...or taking more trades on a PB.

Nevertheless, as many experts say, it is easy to make Pips, but it is keeping your Pips what is most important.

Regards,

John

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Hi imichaeli, you can take a screenshot of the chart and send us the Experts log file to { email address deleted by staff } so that we can take a look. Or otherwise, please wait for v0.8 (with major bug fixes soon) and start your test from there. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Default settings, history since Friday and floating trades

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Got it. Thanks for sharing!

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
you guys use any dashboard with the EA?

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
No, but this is a good ideea until the EA will become bulletproof. Anyone?

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
@akangaziz

GBPCHF Trade, with this setting the EA should increase the value after 10 pips in plus. He didn't do that. Do you have an explanation?

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Like this?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
max opened trades > 1

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
no, not exactly. The 2nd trade wasn't opened at 10 pips profit for you. But the 3. and 4. trade yes.

What is your setting?

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
yep, thanks @Nomenix, I forgot that

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
@blastorFX

Sorry for the late reply, I didn't see your post...

I didn't linked my account to any website the CExpertFeedback class of my framework is providing this report.

I started from this article and build my own report : https://www.mql5.com/en/articles/244

Regards,

och

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
UPDATE:

The EA did 4 trades, using only the pairs, specified by Davit, set at 78, not scaling into the trade, just 1 lot.

Asw

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Could you share the set file just to have a look?

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Since 13/8/2018

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
the result of week 13-17 august

4H = 38$

1H = 43$

cannot load mt4 history for screenshot, i have issues with the broker server.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Result from 24 july till now. At the moment there are not orders floating.

I used default setting for V06 and for V051. I used take profit 400 for V07.

Test on 14 major.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
First statement is for V.06 H4, second for V.07 H1, third for V.07 H4 and the last for V.051

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
For V0.51, is it on H1 or H4 to confirm?

Looks like V0.51 is better to succeed in a strong momentum trend.

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
V.051 is set for H4

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
They all H4?

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
First statement was for V.06 H4, second for V.07 H1, third for V.07 H4 and the last for V.051 H4.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
This EA totally rocks. Closed today

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Week Closed since 13Aug  Version .7 12 Pairs all 4H

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Floating trades now....

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Hi WindChaser

Thanks for directing us to this EA Installation Guide. I did installed v.05, v.06 and v.07 and didn't seem to get a picture of what was really happening - sometimes in money - sometimes out of money. I didn't want to bother the developers with numerous and possibly unnecessary questions and decided to give it a little break.

The Installation guide have answered almost all my questions and I'm going to reinstall. I suggest it should be put together as a companion guide and good reference when the final version is released. Meantime, I'm looking forward to v.08. At least now with the Guide, I can understand when things go wrong.

Thanks to you all for your patience and efforts in helping everyone.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Yesterday nothing closed. Floating -$88

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Yesterday and today, no trades closed. Floating...

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
This EA works well on range market, but when the market is in trend, it will add lots as the price moves.I think there must be a solution to this situation, or it will not work.

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
If we will find the solution, then we will have the holy grail.

A long and fearsome battle is in front of us.

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
My floating has reduced to -$125. Cool...

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
What is the minimum recommended equity for this EA?

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
0.01 lots per 1000$, I think.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
This Pivot EA uses TDI indicator's RSI price and Signal line cross to open orders, I think pivot line is not so useful in trending market.So it seems like we can only use TDI indicator.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
EA Recovered nicely today. Closed $80 profit, floating -$65....

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
I'm finding this system too risky. It has been operating on the EURJPY H4 pair since yesterday, the price has gone from the pivot point and has risen to R100 where several sales orders have been opened, it kept going up and is close to R138 where it opened more sales orders, let's see if by tomorrow it will reverse . Otherwise, this EA is totally discarded.

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Hi northedan, yes, the v0.7 is not good for trending markets.  v0.8 will be released in the next two weeks and you can test again.

You should decide to discard the EA or not, once it reaches v1.0, that's the stable version, otherwise, discarding an EA during its developmental stage v0.7, v0.8, etc, might be too hasty a decision. Of course, the decision is all yours and no one should argue.

For v0.7, best to turn off trading at S/R 38 levels, and keep the “pips Range for pivot (could be 0-20pips)” value small (0-5), and “max opened trades” setting to 5.

You are welcome to join our Telegram chat at https://goo.gl/JxwhEF

Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
hello windchaser, how are you doing man? I hope on v0.8 the option for ECN accounts for taking trades will be available  i am only waiting for it. thanks Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Hi WindChaser, I think maybe you can consider the pivot point changed direction as the trend direction,and use it as stop loss decision.Sorry for my bad English.Green pips!

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
My results since 13 Aug + current floating. Great

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
To help with the EA, you should post also what pairs and settings you are trading. Simply posting results do not help anything in improvement.

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Fair enough. Will post tomorrow. Weekend, time for a beer now...

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Here are the pairs I'm trading. All default settings,H4. Currently in a DD, but somehow I think it will recover. Will keep posted. Want to test to extremes.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
I have some question about exit filter:

1) how does candle body size work?

2) TDI crossing: I have tried the EA on H1 TF and got crossing but not close the positions. If I use the EA on H1 then the crossing would be on H1 too, right?

3) x hours as long as profit: if the basket is in profit and the first trade was opened 72 hours ago the EA is closing the full basket?

Thanks for help guys.

I would be grateful for some setup sharing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Got my VPS sorted so will start this running this week

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
Last week's results (live demo). We are pleased. If this keeps up another few weeks, it may be time to go live. Can't wait for version 0.8!

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
I am in that position right now with EURGBP and EURJPY. I am trading on H4 timeframe. However, when one inspects the daily timeframe, one can see that it is still trading in a range; so patience and fortitude are key here, I think, for the best result.

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
I apologize for the EURGBP chart above; it does not, on the face of it, support my point; but that is because the MT4 screenshot is too narrow.  Here is one with my OS screenshot.

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Took a bit of a knock yesterday

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Hi oradba, good to know last week was a good week for you.  If the markets are not trending strongly v0.7 works wonders, however be warned in a strong trend (GBP or NZD in the past 1 month) the EA could also bust your account.  Don't go live until we could address this issue in later releases of the EA.  Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Yes, I am currently carrying EURGBP and EURJPY from last week, and it isn't pretty.  Waiting for the Mexcian reworking of NAFTA to be announced to reinforce USD as a safe haven currency.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
First days trading this...what do I do? Keep them all open till back to Pivot?

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Well, isn't this frustrating.  EURGBP turned as I knew it would, but the 72 hour trade lifetime kicked in.  Aarrggh.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
If the system is continuously profitable in any situation, then the author can loan from bank, and make many many money.A profitable system is very hard to construct, but it does exist.

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
lol should have got out this morning when I was 50bucks up instead of holding and then Barnier opened their mouths.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
before i backtest this EA, i have one question.

does this ea have time filter?

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Its only demo and just letting it run to get the feel before I try to optimise settings. Fundamentals are something the originator of the manual system said you should keep an eye on though.

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
lol, thought that Euro and GBP spike was too good to last. One day left to go. I couldn't resit that manual buy for AUD/CAD and was up on that earlier. Lets see what happens tomorrow. This is only half the order open. Heck. If it goes more to pivot tomorrow ill call it for the week and close all..

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
lol all closed and not too bad in the end for a week and doing feck all really, add £50 to the total for that stupid manual trade I did lmfao.

hmmm beginners luck but will keep these setting for next week and report back again then.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
First week with this EA. Good results. The next few weeks we will see how it behaves. I added a new pair: AUDUSD.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
I set R38 false too

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Hello WindChaser,

Sorry to disturb you. I have installed v.07 along with the indi, allowed web request to http://skycode.co.id & smiling face is okbut the EA is not opening any trade. The screenshot is attached.

Pls help!

I've joined the Telegram group.

Regards,

kkb2k8

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Seems ok to me. Sometimes it takes more then a week to open a trade for a pair in 4 hour timeframe.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Whys it keep wanting to open buys for GU at R/S38. Ive closed a few as have it set as false. Its opened at 61 and am ok with them and in profit now. Bit scary with GU now anyway but think it is maybe oversold. Any good B news id buy GU like crazy.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Hi Emerald2112, check in the Trade comment, while I don't have the full details, I suspect if you have the first trade of that swing still running, subsequent trades will still be opened, close that 1st "mother" trade and the EA should stop buying GU.

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Phew was way down on the EA with UC longs and CJ shorts but heck what just happened to CAD. Wow back in the green and hopefully further move to pivot tomorrow. Ontop of the GBP move back to pivot the EA will be a winner this week too. Wil let youse know end of play Friday

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Yeah thanks I had GU set to true at S38 and even when I made it false it mustve been locked to opening there. Anyway it all went back to pivot on a minute lol.

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
H4 - R/S38 False - TP1000 one month V0.7 / Demo. So far , so good. Thanks Akan & Windchaser.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Hi, results of this week. Only trade in CADJPY. Nex week add more currencies.

Since I recently joined this thread and I have not been able to read all the entries, is there any currency group more suitable for this strategy?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
@ akangaziz

Thank you for putting your efforts in this EA. I just installed on it as per given instruction in the word document. Everything looks good but getting an error in experts tab even though replaced the original TDI davit indicator with below one.

cannot open file c:\users\admini....\indicator\TDI-RT-Clone-rAlgo.ex4

Please advise
Thanks

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
You can read the EA Guide and FAQs here https://goo.gl/RSSjcE, or check out some PDF notes on Davit's strategy here: https://goo.gl/XEtv5i

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Perhaps the indicator file is corrupted, you can re-download the EA and Indicator files here https://goo.gl/b4JSHd

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Is this EA work on all currency pairs or specified currency pairs?????

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
It's pivot trading, works on any currency/commodities/index, as long as they have price movements, it should work.

Read the EA Guide https://goo.gl/RSSjcE for best pairs to trade.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Thank you WindChaser!!. I just downloaded the new indicator from above drive and replaced with old one. Will observe the same.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
So far So good. EURUSD +++.

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
cescof says in # 482

AUDJPY makes his days on the first day. good gain.

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Since 13 Aug....

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
v0.7 is a beta version, we are still working toward v0.8, until it reaches v1.0, we strongly recommend you to test the EA using DEMO money, as pre-v1.0 will have bugs and may MC your account in strong trend.

You are welcome to join our Telegram chat group https://goo.gl/JxwhEF to get the latest updates.

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Hi,

Does this scenario only apply if Martingale is set to true and the account size is too small for the number of pairs traded?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Yes, if (1) Martingale set to true and (2) Account size is too small, or (3) Too many pairs traded, or wrong settings of these Variables below, will/may MC your account..

(4)

"profit in pips to start adding volume" - bigger number safer (15, 20, etc)

"max opened trades" - smaller number safer

"started lot size" - smaller number safer

"Trade on R38" - ON for more trades/profit/loss, OFF is safer.

"Trade on S38" - ON for more trades/profit/loss, OFF is safer.

"Safer" means less risk/loss, also means less profit. To get a feel you can trade in Demo and adjust the settings as you go along (you can just use default EA settings as you start). Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
@Windchaser

1. Will this EA open trade on High/medium impact news.

2. Do I need to change the Magic number for every pair or leave as?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
1. As of now, it has no news filter or time filter, so it trades 24/5.

2. You can find the answer by reading the EA Installation Guide and FAQs https://goo.gl/RSSjcE

Read the EA Guide and FAQs document before asking more questions. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Great job WindChaser.  On the Friday close - just make it a user input to close or not.  Anxiously waiting for v8

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Hello, everyone, I can't download your EA in China. Would you mind sending me a v0.7?

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
can we edit the EA in order to have Open Position in 78 or 100?

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Hello traders, am also eagerly waiting for v0.8 hope it could be used with ecn account  cheers

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
The EA is found in #Post 974

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
The EA works on ECN accounts, perhaps not your broker's ECN account, suggest to use another broker.

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
I am not sure if I get your question correctly.  The v0.7 EA can trigger trades at S/R 38/61/78/100 pivot levels, and through the EA variable settings you can opt to turn them (trading at these levels) on/off.

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Would you mind telling me which US based broker you have?  I'd like to run a demo account with this ea through them if possible,  Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Works fine.

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Updated Summary for a week.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
It is possible to add in the next version of the option that the transaction would close after x pips, as it is with profits that everything is closed after 1000 pips? the option of closing the transaction also works on average, if tdi is crossed, this transaction is not closed. It would be good if it would be possible to set a stop loss in a selected place by the user, for example before placing it in order to enter where we want to stop loss. For example, the price of 1.0001 is set manually, we want to stop loss at the price of 1.0011 We would decide where and how much we want to gain or lose, and the same can be with take profit. I am sorry for my average English

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Oanda

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Hello everyone, the results of this week. Floating P / L, high. We will see how the EA manages next week.

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Im down this week too mainly CJ which I decided to keep open over the weekend hoping to make it back next week. Was nearly break even by Friday and still up from the previous two weeks. I stil get trades opening at R/S38 even though set to false.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
That seems to me, but I do not know how the EA works. I also have deactivated the trade in S / R 38, however EA opens trades. Can it be a bug of the version?

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
I have changed R/S38 to False. It's look good no trade open yet.

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
We will not create the manual "at price" settings, that defeats the true automation purpose of the EA.

You can use "profit in pips to close all trades" and "max risk in percentage of balance" settings to adjust the TP/SL operation of the EA.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Hi and sorry if its been covered here before- but when i install Davits EA to MT4 i get an error saying "failed to get data from server check your setup" and then the EA terminates itself. Any ideas what can cause this?

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Ok, thanks

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
okay I got it. thank you

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
I suggest you have a good look at this carefully work through it, pay particular attention to 3-d, and in approximately 3 minutes you should be up and running. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1...q6L1ZRUyY/edit

Also, fwiw, this is not an EA that was created by Davit.  It is an EA that takes his premise that trading against weekly pivot points can be profitable.  I suggest you familiarize yourself with both the Davit string and this one.

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
No i have it already... you wouldnt beleive what it was, a real doosy... i was copying the URL via cut and paste, somehow there was a space at the beginning of the copied URL and thus would not accept it as a valid URL!!!

Anyhow - lets see how it goes

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
just Use proxy on your brower. just for downoad purposes

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Hi everyone, ive got this EA up and running now and doing some testing.

I have a couple of questions and also some ideas for the next version but ill start with the questions to get a better understanding of this EA.

Does simply clicking on the time frame button and the changing the time frame of the chart the EA is running on automatically change the TDI input period that the EA considers to open or close trades? So if you change timeframes to manually look at some other charts or big/small picture stuff - you have to be careful to go back to the TF you want the EA running on that particular chart before leaving the computer alone to do its thing or it will start trading on whatever TF you left it at?

Also - what is the method of adjusting TP SL levels? I realise the TDI triggers the in/out most of the time, but is there an another method to set the stop loss as the default settings are producing very wide stop losses?

As to an idea - ive read many making the point that this strategy doesnt work well in a trending market, only for ranging market. Well for future updates to this EA it would be relatively easy to add another filter based on say 3 longer term moving averages or even timeframes- which could filter out/prevent trades when above/below all 3 MA as an example. This way if a ranging market became a trending market due to fundamental change the EA would stop opening positions until within the correct market conditions again - just an idea but im sure its already been thought of already...

yes im new here so be gentle

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Hi groper, thanks for your feedback and question.

Changing the TF on the chart will cause the EA to operate at that TF, we recommend TF set to H4 and keep it unchanged.

You can use "profit in pips to close all trades" and "max risk in percentage of balance" settings to adjust the TP/SL operation of the EA.

Thanks for your trend filtering suggestion, noted, we are exploring various techniques to improve the SL logic in trending markets.

Thanks,

WindChaser

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
i also have another idea for you to consider;

Since there are 3 main pivot point zones to open positions- S/R38 S/R61 S/R78 - and since these zones have potentially different probability of going into correction - it would also be easy to add a lot multiplier number to the filter based on the zone the trade was triggered from.

So for example if a trade was triggered at s38 it might open say 0.01 lot position open with lot multiplier = 1.

But if the trade was triggered from s61 - lot multiplier of might be, for example, 2  thus it opens 0.02 lot position

and finally if triggered from s78 - you guessed it - lot multiplier input eg. = 3 = 0.03 lot position open

This way higher probability trades are automatically given more weight. What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
There was some brexit news and GJ had an abrupt fall - just wonrdering why the EA didnt catch this trade opportunity as i think it should have caught this one?

Do you think it could have been because the TDI turn occured between the R61 and S38 rather than within the 10pip range i set? Or does the EA catch any TDI turn once it crosses into or above the specified zones?

See attached scrreenshot;

And the second screen shot on the AU - again no open trades - yet look like a classic turn at the R61...

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
but yet at other times its working beautifully;

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
im wondering why this trade has not closed all positions? The TDI has crossed again yet the trades remain open - any ideas?

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Your chart is showing AC (H1), but the floating trades are AU, I am a little confused.

Please check the Experts or Journal tabs for any errors.

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Whether the trades are triggered by the EA, are determined by a few EA settings, as to why the EA opened/didn't open trades, kindly read FAQ 3, 14 and 19 of the EA Installation Guide and FAQs https://goo.gl/RSSjcE

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Our recommended TF is H4, I saw the screenshots you posted, the charts are all in different TF (H1, M30, etc), the EA might not work well in those TFs, trade at your own risk.

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Hi Windchaser - i have read the Guide and FAQs several times before posting.

Sorry about the screenshots being in differing TF - ive been going up and down TF looking at the TDI to see whats happening with the indicators trying to figure out why that trade didnt close. All of my testing so far has been on H1 and thats where it was when i noticed the trades should have closed based on the TDI crossing shown in the indicator.

i note that the TF recommended H4 but thought id try something different...

The trade/order tab shown in the screen shot for AC was not for reference in this - the open positions on the chart were there but scrolled above it - theres no errors in that - i had other positions open in other charts etc...

As i understand it - the EA is supposed to close positions when the TDI crosses against the trade direction.

So is the exit parameter of "TDI crossing against the trade" automatically updated when the TF is changed?

In v0,6 the TDI setting can be changed to use a specified TF for the TDI entry/exit. However i do not see this TF setting nor ATR TP / SL settings in v0.7... How does the TDI parameter work when its set to a specific TF (say 15min for scalping short term strategy) but yet the chart might be displayed in H4? What i mean is, with user set TDI in v0.6 - will the trades entry/exit behave in the same manner regardless of chart TF viewed?

I also have to hazard a guess as to why v0.7 is recommened to H4 and those in/out parameters were left out of v0.7 - would it be correct to assume that the back testers have confirmed that the H4 setting and associcated TDI entry exits have produced the best results so far?

This all running non-stop on VPS in case your wondering...

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
i think i figured out why it did not open the trades i referred to previously - missed the TDI cutoff of 60/40 by a whisker.

However i still dont know why the open positions on AC didnt close... Does the TDI have to cross and then also be above/below 50 in order to close? Or is it when the TDI simply crosses to the opposite direction?

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
I just got the ea up and runnning.  I had basically given up hope on it and just assumed that because I am in USA that the EA would not work with FIFO rules.  I have been following Davit's thread closely for a long time.  I had missed that the ea required a different version of the TDI- RT in order to run properly.  Now it seems to be running fine on a US based Oanda account.

I am just wondering now if anyone can tell me, I have not given distinct magic numbers to each pair that the ea is running on.  And I do have open trades.  Can anyone tell me if I change the number for a pair that already has an open trade(s), will the ea not close the trade?  Maybe I should only modify the magic numbers for the charts that do not have trades open currently?  Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
There's bug in v0.7 if TDI crossing in the opposite direction sometimes it's not closing the trades   This will be fixed in v0.8.

In v0.6 we have an ATR bug,so we removed it in v0.7, but we will look into restoring the ATR logic in v0.9. In v0.6 we add TF input for TDI entry, so it will use TDI crossing setup from the chosen TF, and will use pivot line crossing based on current TF.  Please note that EA makes trade decisions only after the candle is fully closed.

We don't really support v0.6 anymore (but you can still use it).  The TDI indi TF should match with the chart TF.  H4 is our recommendation because on lower timeframes there would be many false signals and the profits were not consistent.

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Right, reading the EA Installation Guide and FAQs document carefully, is beneficial to everyone.  https://goo.gl/RSSjcE

Best to use different magic numbers for different pairs.  Trades are already opened, will have the "old" magic number on them, if you change the magic number on pairs with running trades, those running trades will not be "managed" by the EA since the Magic Number is no longer matching.

Yes, you can modify the magic numbers for the charts that do not have trades opened, currently.

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
well im getting excellent results so far with v0.6 with a scaliping style strategy using the 15min TDI entry/exit;

I could post a whole bunch of other screen shots just like thie one below... it just keeps working - hasnt lost a set for me yet, tho im sure it will come

Working on AU, CJ, UC, AC, EA, AJ pairs - im avoiding GBP crosses whilst this brexit stuff is lurking - cost me bomb last week, im staying away from it - and also avoiding anything looking very trendy atm. So the EA is getting strict oversight.

i manually control when i let it take control however - and so far im not allowing trades at S/R38 only higher levels, and i simply dont like the look of the formation or pending news etc.

On v0.6 i have Martingale active, TP at 100pips... I dont use martingale on v.07 and the slower time scales.

V0.7 on the slower TF its entering alot less trades so i dont have as good a picture on the performance yet - but its still winning more than its loosing, so far so good.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Hello everyone, I have put EA hanging on the VPS, the results will be reported in time, thank you for your efforts have been the selfless dedication of the owners.

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
hey groper

nice to see your results on M15. Im having good results with H4, and occasional manual intervention.

You said you were using the TDI entry method - are you also using the TDI angle meter arrow or degree? are you doing anything that isn't ootb - and if so can you share settings?

would be greatly appreciated thanks! blam

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
sorry but what is ootb?

no entry angle or direction indicators yet - i may experiment with this later but havnt tried to yet.

please note that im only early days with this... ill have better data with more time and im sure ill loose some money between now and then

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
thanks for the reply groper - yes I'm sure there will be ups and downs to come this is forex after all!

ootb means 'out of the box' i.e. default settings. So basically currently you're using it on m15 charts, S/R38 set to false and TP at 100 pips, martingale on.

is anything else changed in the settings? if possible if you could share v0.6 would be great, I can't find it, only v.051 and v0.7

blam

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
yes you have it, so not all ootb settings. Also - add volume 3 pips, max risk i set to very low number - depends on your account size.

Another theory on this is to basically trade any change in TDI direction between SR61 - SR100. This means you can set pretty big numbers for the size of the pivot zone range and it will enter basically anywhere in the upper ranges provided the TDI entry conditions are met.

See attached if you want to play but earlier versions no longer supported by aziz and the guys working on this... be sure to read all about it and the bugs it contains, use at own risk...

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
brilliant thanks groper

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Results last week.

Today. Balance: 9994.04 Equity: 9839 Floating L/P: -154

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Hey guys,

Not openning trades until friday. Is it beacause of manually closed trades? I have opened some trades and closed some V0.7 trades manually?

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
I added total open orders. And I close this grid in friday with profit

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Open UJ H4 ver. 0.7

I dont update pivot lines on chart.

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Good stuff.  I like the idea that you are keeping the ea on tight reins.  I think AN was one of Davit's favorite pairs, why aren't you running that one?  Also, I am a bit weary of EA and AJ on this system, because when we get a change in risk sentiment they can blow through almost everything... I prefer more the idea of using an atr for entry when there is an overlap.  I have attached a good atr if you need.

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Thanks!

I am running AN- its only taken 100pips frok that pair so far.

I agree on the sentiment driven pairs- I try to avoid those when things are looking funky although i did pull some trades off the r100 level when really overbought so its a matter of assessing the big picture at times. If you just leave the EA unattended- its always going to take some stupid trades... all EAs only work in certain market conditions- im not aware of any 1 system that works in all markets all the time...

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
What is Magic number,  i am little bit confuse with this. kindly elaborate in detail

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Why EA not open any trade on Friday?? What's the reason of it?

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Dear Windchaser, Any ETA on v0.8. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Google for MT4 Magic Number.

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Please read the EA Installation Guide and FAQs on Post 1.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Next two to three weeks, we regret the delays as Aziz and I have been busy on our work front (it’s a hobby project, you see).

v0.8 is almost ready and more details will follow.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
I carefully read your mention post but didn't find the reason of not open any trade on Friday. Last two friday it not opened any trade that's why i am asking of it.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
FAQ 3 of https://goo.gl/RSSjcE

3. I have Smiley Face icon on my chart, but why there are no trades opened?
Smiley Face means the rPT-EA is running, however the EA is not designed to trade at regular intervals, instead, depending on which Pivot levels the price is hovering at AND if there is TDI cross (below the “TDI Maximum for BUY” number and above the “TDI Minimum for SELL” number) , only then a buy/sell trade will be executed. Also, the EA is designed NOT to trigger any NEW trades on Fridays as it readies for a new set of pivots on the coming Monday, however, the EA can/will trigger trades on Friday if there are existing floating trades from previous few days.  You can check the Experts tab or Journal tab to find any trade operation errors. Be patient.

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Hi everyone.

These are the results of the last week.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
Have you considered a variable that would allow the user to declare a trend/break in trading?  E.g., if a trend goes past R100 or S100, I would not want any (counter) trades opened.

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
There is an error in expert section which relate to GBPCAD

kindly guide me in this respect how to resolve it. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Hi，My friend， akangaziz and WindChaser

you usr the Indicators is "Pivot Multi Period nmc indicator"

Why you do not usr "Davits Pivot V3.2 Auto GMT" ? The GMT for PIVOT is very import  important&necessary！！！

Pivot Multi Period nmc indicator
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Davits Pivot V3.2 Auto GMT
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
The EA does not open trades beyond S/R100 pivot lines, are you saying you would like a variable for the EA to trade SR138/161/178? Not sure if I understand what you wrote correctly.

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
worhome126, this is explained in FAQ 21 of https://goo.gl/RSSjcE, try to read/re-read the EA document before posting a question? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Yes, that's what I meant - one never knows where the trend will turn.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
The pivot line drawing bug will be fixed in v0.8, we might include multi period pivot lines in future version releases. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
This is not in Davit's strategy (trading beyond S/R100), don't think we will create such a variable.  In v0.8, we designed the EA to not trade against the trend, ie. if the GBPUSD pair is in strong down trend, it will NOT open buy orders even if prices hit S61/78/100 (and TDI crosses).  It leads to less trades, but higher quality trades, we believe.

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
so what are the plans for this EA...so far I like it and would consider purchasing a copy...does anyone know?

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Please read Post 1, currently we are at v0.7, there is no commercial roadmap but we don't rule that out for future releases beyond v1.0 (it's stated there in Post 1), the primary objective is to create a stable/working EA, all other objectives are secondary. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Can someone please explain or point me to a post where there is a detailed description of how the weekly pivot lines are calculated?

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
I thought if we test the EA and it gets developed and works it would be available freely then...Im still testing but am not making profit yet so plan to make a change and try again

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
its working very well for me

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Hello pipster59 which levels do you trade? Have you excluded any?

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
I have been using this not quite a week...5 trading days is all. I did not use the 4hr chart setup, I used an hour chart and set my trade size at 0.03

the image below shows my results to date Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
not sure what you mean by levels...the only setting I changed was I set it to trade 0.03 lots and max risk at 2.0%

and I run it on an hour chart

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Dear WindChaser, I am eagerly waiting for v0.8. Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
everyone is waiting

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Hi,

i have multiple trades open but it never closes. i must do anything? thanks

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
This is a bug in version 0.7. It does not close on tdi cross.

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached File(s)   AO_T3.ex4

18 KB
|
370 downloads

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Attachment 4 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
What is wrong with you Johsun888?  Not the first time you did it.

The indicators you posted are unrelated to this thread, and these are pure spams.  There are thousands of indicators out there, if you love posting indicators please start your own thread.

You have no respect for decency.  Please DO NOT do that again!

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
will be nice if on live account.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
when it realeases version 0.8? can we fix this? thanks

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Is this still an active thread?  Is a version .8 going to be released?

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Sorry for the wait, we know many are waiting.

The project is not dead, Aziz is resuming work this week, we hope to provide some updates soon.

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
why i got "invalid license" notification?

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Dear fellow traders, don't forget the ecn member is waiting from the beginning . How are you all???

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Hello guys,

A big thanks to both of you @akangaziz and @WindChaser for this thread and this good EA.

I tested the EA on my demo account and it works great. Very good promising EA.

But, yes there is a but, I try to figure out why it is not working on my real account (balance: 986$). I did everthing according to the installation guide but no trades opened while it opened several trades on demo account.

Any idea ?

These are my settings:
Inserted Code _comment1=========================MONEY MANAGEMENT========================
startedLotSize=0.01
pipsDistance=10.0
maxRisk=80.0
profitPipsToCloseTrade=1000.0
maxOpenTrade=4
_comment2=========================ENTRY FILTER========================
pipsRange=25.0
tdiBottom=40.0
tdiTop=60.0
fgEntryFilterAnglemeterArrow=false
fgEntryFilterAngleDegree=false
_comment3=========================EXIT FILTER========================
engulfingCandleToExit=80.0
closeTradeIfTDICrossingOpposite=true
maxTradeAgesInHour=24

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Hello dears! How to see the indicator that builds Pivot levels with the MQL source code. Thank you very much for your help!!

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Please read the EA installation manual to fix this issue, on Post 1.

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Check in the Expert log tab, if there are errors?

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Sorry I don't think I understand your question.

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Hi

There are no errors in the log. Only entries saying that expert was loaded successfully

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
When Will be New EA?

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Join our Telegram chatgroup on Post 1 of this thread, and you can get the latest updates.

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
I think he is asking for the pivot levels indicator so he can visualise it on the chart whilst EA trades.

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
how to join you telegram group because when i try the page is not open so can you give you channel name to join, thanks

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Our Telegram group link is https://t.me/joinchat/AYzywEdkF7B_E7GEVvhFCg

Group name: rAlgo Pivot Trading EA

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Update on v0.8, we aim to launch it at the end of this week, I suggest all who are interested to join the Telegram group to receive the latest updates there.

There are improvements added, and important announcements to be made soon. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Hi

I used v.07.

1. Last week I test run on my pc at THAILAND. I run one pair is AUDCAD, it open order and TP already.

2. Next I run all pair (EURGBP, EURJPY, AUDCAD, AUDNZD, EURUSD, GBPUSD, USDCAD, AUDUSD, NZDUSD, CADJPY, AUDJPY, USDJPY) on my VPS at SINGAPORE, it not open order all pair.

please help me. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Hi wittaya88, please wait for v0.8, we will launch in less than 6hrs from now.

Join our Telegram group for instant update: https://t.me/joinchat/AYzywEdkF7B_E7GEVvhFCg

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Hi All,

Good news, after many months of development, we just launched v0.8 on 21 Jan 2019!

1. v0.8 is a sophisticated EA with many added features.

2. Please join our Telegram group to start.

3. You should stop using v0.5/0.6/0.7 of the EA, please use v0.8 as it has all the bug fixes.

Green pips to all!

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
some backtest result from backtester telegram group.

EU H1, 2018 only

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

XAUUSD H1, 2018 only, use same setting with EU H1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Good morning

Congrats for the new version.

Windchaser, I cannot enter to the telegram group, as I did in the past. I sent you a private message but you don´t reply it.

Help me please, thank you

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
No messages from you.  You have to Telegram PM me at @WindChaser1

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Now I can join the group.

Thank you WindChaser! And thank you for the project!

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
The screenshot is one of the backtest results of v0.8.

1. v0.8 is a sophisticated EA with many added features.

2. Please join our Telegram group to start.

3. You should stop using v0.5/0.6/0.7 of the EA, please use v0.8 as it has all the bug fixes.

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
EURGBP - Backtest result screenshot - this is not even the final optimized version.

1. v0.8 is a sophisticated EA with many added features.

2. Please join our Telegram group to start.

3. You should stop using v0.5/0.6/0.7 of the EA, please use v0.8 as it has all the bug fixes.

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Interesting, do you guys have some backtests for single trades taken with increased position size like trading 0.50-1 Lot instead of 0.01? What are the results here, would be interested in case of max drawdown and average monthly returns by trading only one market here over let’s say 1-2 years at least.

do you have such backtest for your latest version?

Have you tried other Markets than forex like Dax or the E-Mini Nastaq.

kind regards

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
EA will be here at forum?

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
You can download the EA here

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
The backtests and Optimizations are still ongoing, we will share when they are completed.

We use $10,000 as starting balance, 0.1 lot size in backtest so the lotsize multiplier will reflect correctly, no money management added in backtest so to produce the profit/drawdown results objectively.

Test are done from 1 Jan 2010 to 31 Dec 2018, to ensure the EA can perform over a long period of time.

We have some backtest guidance, more information can be found here.

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
i cant run ea see below snap for error
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Did you add http://api.ralgo-ea.com in the WebRequest URL?

Also, need to add your trading account on http://member.ralgo-ea.com before the EA can work.

PM me on Telegram @WindChaser1

Thanks,

WC

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Hows the EA going. I just got a VPS sorted for a year so will try this for a longer test forward now.. On thing ive seen is the OP of the pivot trading (Davit) doesn't use the TDI anymore....

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
v0.8 is doing well despite the market unheavals the past two weeks, it’s still an unfinished product and we are happy with its potential.

As Davit has improved his method further (no TDi, price action and news), our methods are different from his method. I think it is a good thing, it creates diversity and choices.

Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
i am waiting for final v. to trade @ real. keep it up brother.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Hi,

My trades on week starting 11th. Trading starting lot 0.01 martingale 2.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Ill load it onto a few charts from next week after a check out the setting to go with tomorrow. Cheers

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Hi, from 25/02 to 01/03 before 0.01 lot size and then 0.05 lot size. Total profit 198.92 after 3 weeks.

thirteen pair - demo account - balance to start € 100 . set file Rkay

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Thanks for sharing, the EA is being improved upon on daily basis, the aim is to achieve solid long-term consistency in performance and profitability.

Some of you might be wondering why there are not many discussion here (or whether the EA is dead) -- The EA is fully alive and active, just that most of the discussions are happening in the Telegram chat group

When there are new EA version releases we will post the updates on Forex Factory, at least that's the plan for now.

Green pips to all.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Hi all, thanks for your patience, we are pleased to release v0.8.4, you can get the files here.

Please note there is an additional file (socket-library-mt4-mt5.mqh) you need to save in the Include folder of your MT4 terminal, before v0.8.4 can work properly.

The new version might not be able to continue the management of your current floating trades opened by v0.8.1, so for floating trades you will have to manually manage them.

New trades opened by v0.8.4 has a slightly different trade Comment - "r_pivot_v0.8.4: R61" is an example.

v0.8.4 has these features/fixes:

1. Pivot line drawing bug fixed (no need to restart MT4 terminal on Monday morning)

2. 4000 and 502 WebRequest Errors fixed (except the 5203 error which you can ignore)

3. A new setting on "Allowing Multi Trade Cycles from the same Pivot Levels"

4. An improved Cumulative Trailing Stop logic

5. More efficient Trade Data sync

Green pips!

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Very unusual that you require a registration including name, Telegram ID, mail-address, user account number for a free EA...!

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Yes, it's required for EA protection and Fraud Control, v0.8 is free but it does not mean it can be abused by unscrupulous parties.  As EA author we reserve the rights to protect our EA.

Lastly, this is not the only EA one can use, if anyone is not comfortable with registration, there are many other EA choices available in ForexFactory or MQL5.

Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
hi. been testing this ea for 2 weeks and having amazing results!!  check it out:

!!! Attached Image (click to enlarge)

first week i used trade from all levels even 38. and this is what caused the DD and which left me with this floating trades. all the trades still running are from this last week. second week turned that off having experienced drawdown due to this. Definetly after the experience i found better not to trade from 38 levels. Still in the process of fine tuning. Still. this account was  -4700  when i put eat on ( i know i should have put it in a clean chart-- and will  this week to try other variables out at the same time and see which outperforms. Many good trades. sme got closed too early so trying to find out the perfecto combo to try and catch more of a move without risking leavig too many floating trades to cause the drawdown. EVEN with this DD the ea managed to keep doing trades and doubled account!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
hello good results there congrats.

are you using default set? on which pairs ?

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
i put the ea on 24 pairs.  i modified defaults a bit. trying out diff variables.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Hello

Ive started chart setup on several pairs testing several multipair eas, this appears to be a well designed and very cleverly implemented ea

I only hope the strategy is as well implemented as the programmers ability!

Im also trying Easistan ea which is very similar logic so this is exciting to find bc thats a very good expert that has survived latest eurusd and gbpusd crash with 28 pairs on $200 acct lol! They recpmmend 10x the balance btw...

I look forward to testing and im glad you wont kick me out like Davit would as you see my username gives me away ;-]

Im trying very hard and only hope I can reach long term profitability with tools like these so I can keep working part time as well

Thanks OP very much for sharing your work, I believe sharing is a key element in the human race that has been left behind for self gain only... Great to see this

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
If you are new I recommend you use DEMO accounts and spend as much time learning, only when your demo accounts are making money consistently (average up your profit/losses for a few months), you can then start with a small real money account -- if you are new but choose to hurry into Forex, you will experience monetary losses.

There are way too many clueless traders who just want to try their luck by using real money and most of them ended up losing money.  They think of Forex as the "Possibility" to make buckets of $, however many fail to understand Forex is a game of "Probability" and behind it, it's mathematics (technical) and economics (fundamental) driving prices up and down.

Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
I agree I have used several eas and manual strategi successfully as well as unsuccessfully and have cautiously transitioned to a live acct where i mostly manual trade and use a few very good eas (tried 40, 36 are bad!)

I will really get to know this EA as it looks very promising but it will be on one of my 3 demo accts, one of which wnt from 10k - 70k - 10k in 2 weeks using only a overoptimized scalper ea...

slowly learning manual is key for agressive and ea is key for steady gain, AND it PAYS to listen to the voice of experience however I also know risk and reward go together closely.. I have a somewhat healthy appetite for risk and a decade of self employed sales has conditioned me for loss and taught me to never stop trying ever..

as a classicaly trained engineer (failed??) I have a tendency to devour information at a rate that is exhausting stupid brain doesnt turn off 20 hrs at a time!

Thanks for taking the time to respond.. I look to failing forward ;-)

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Any way to see a trade explorer to verify mine is acting normally? Not a single trade open so far on 17 pairs all default settings on 20k demo...

GBPUSD had some great price action today and I would have expected it to trigger from r78 or r61.8 but nothing

see attached

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
If the "Pips range for Pivot" setting is set to 15 for GBPUSD, by the time TDI has crossed the price is more than 15 pips away from R61, hence the EA was behaving correctly (due to the settings) by NOT triggering any trade.  Understanding and adjusting the settings will help.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
18 pips on nzdcad today! Looking good maybe trailing stop triggered early??

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Disable Trailing Stop and see.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
I know its not the main goal but is there a known threshold for lot size for more agressive style? I set take profit 100 pips instead of 500 also..

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
We have not optimized the EA for aggressive sets, but it's possible, if you have access to Backtesting software, please feel free to do so.

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
We have a group of volunteer members who perform backtest and optimzation work on the Pivot EA v0.8.4, they are not ordinary backtesters, we screened them and only those with strong backtest/optimization capabilities are admitted into the group, we will release the optimized sets gradually as we have them.

If you are interested you can take a look at some of the backtest screenshots here.

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Hi,

I don't find these settings from the research, could you please post this set again ?

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
Nice results today on Algo EA...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Awesome results, i have a few robots in pips today

I thought with such such a skilled developer rAlgo would be really cool with an android app to change settings via mobile

Any thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
No, we don't have plans to work on mobile-related requests, we need to focus our energy and momentum advancing the Pivot Trading EA.

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Wow, I am looking more closely at all these perfect 62 and 78 rejections for 100 ++ pips and thinking much more closely about this ea

Trading frequency or infrequency rather had me losing interest, but it's not about frequency is it..

I believe you have a fine piece of work here

It will help me with my patience and stupidity in the market

I wonder if you guys have been able to get this to work with gold ??

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Some trade Forex with a gambler's mindset, some trade with investor's mindset.  Some traders like more precise entries, some traders like EA to trade more trades -- the way to meet different traders' preferences is through the settings.

If you want more trades, put the EA on more pairs, turn off PSAR filter (set it to False), the EA will trigger more trades but please note that more trades does not necessarily equal to more profit.

Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Why it's necesary to have a Telegram account to create a member account http://member.ralgo-ea.com/register.php ? I don't have Telegram account.

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
I think it's just a multiple step verification to protect his hard work from being copied

I have actually set the pivot distance relative to the fib level gaps, some are about 8-10 others are higher, and set the psar to current instead of weekly, then i adjusted tp to 20 pips much like another professional ea software similar to this, and set it to 1.0 lot 28 pairs on a $20k demo, and have had 100% success rate, increasing the trading frequency and decreasing pip target have increased apparent probability and allowed for a larger lot size and has had very manageable dd so far, less than 10% actually..

I am thinking more about this logic and I think it would be a very good feature to automatically set pivot distance for signal and tp target based on a manual or automatic adjustable atr period or adr some kind of tunable range indicator and it would be very easy to tune each pair with the strategy tester, I feel like it will unlock the fine tuning ability for each pairs personality as we know they're all different in this particular range parameter and we even clearly see this on the different pivot distances on different pairs.. I believe this can recoup some money we leave on the table without getting greedy like momma said lol!

I think this could save the great thought and effort that can be spent fine tuning for individual pairs, but the overall concept of increasing frequency and probability seems attractive to my risk profile.. It looks to be a workable method on fwd testing so far... I will post a detailed report soon...

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Telegram instant messaging is the way we can communicate with users of this EA.  If you don't have Telegram we suggest you to install it on your phone/PC, otherwise you can just put your first name in the Telegram box, to continue the registration.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
We just released the USDJPY set file produced by our volunteer backtest group from our member community, just FYI.

It took a lot of effort and time to produce good set files, and to ensure long term viability all the 99.90% backtests are conducted with Dukascopy pricing data from 1 Jan 2010 to 31 Dec 2018.

Each currency pairs have different "personalities" hence different set files are needed.

Set files do not guarantee sure-win profits, but they can serve as guidance to you.

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Are there a collection of sets available? I didn't see them on the website easily..

I did some 99.9 testing on gu tonight with impressive results, 200% in 3 months and relatively low dd too considering the return all using only 20 pip target and 15 distance.. Oh and 2 lots on only $1000 start, very impressive, I do this "stress test" to find a breaking point and it was 3 lots/1000 for this set which I was surprised with. That tick data eats ssd space fast or I would dl all pairs, maybe on my desktop soon laptop definitely not..

I just can't seem to get it to work with gold tried several things. Seems like gold just doesn't respect the pivots at all or maybe certain days or hours possibly...

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Where is your set files on your website? http://member.ralgo-ea.com/settingslist.php is empty !!

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
https://www.ralgo-ea.com/view-backtest-results/

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
On this page https://www.ralgo-ea.com/view-backtest-results/  when you click on the set links, you open a new page which ask a password, if you enter the password there is no set files !!!

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
I just tried right now and setfiles are available (in pCloud) after clicking on the big blue circle, don't need to add these !!!!!!!!!!! please :

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
Hi, I cant log in to add the account im using. Im registered and tried a password reset so maybe my username is wrong?

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
use your email

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Where can I download EA?

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Think I tried my email but it didn't work. Will try again later.

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
https://www.ralgo-ea.com/download/

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Loaded on my new VPM on 4 pairs on a demo with 8K and using 0.01 lot. Should I try more pairs at once or see how this goes. Im using the same setting for each or any ideas on how I should set for these ones great.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Since it’s Demo you can try $8K Demo on 16 pairs (0.01 lot), to check how bad is the DD. Not the official recommendation but it’s the “test” recommendation.

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
And from yesterdays experience i'd avoid usdchf!! Mine was chugging away perfectly on 2.0 lots on a 16k demo balance until that ugly beast, I bet if I had read the op likely instructed to avoid chf pairs and maybe jpy too...

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
[quote = xpensive; 12141402] {quote} https://www.ralgo-ea.com/download/ [/ quote]

Hello, I can't download the connection on this page. Just click on the download link and it will pop up the page that is invalid and unable to connect. It may be my country's limit. I can't download it. Can you send me the email, thank you!

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
The Great Firewall of China..... sigh.

Try to download the files you need here.

1. https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?c...LQ3rhklpDb1G27

2. https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?c...3sSGBPHLfoTMJy

3. https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?c...kpV4ta3JY5Ae57

After that, read http://www.ralgo-ea.com/installation-0-8/ for steps to install the EA.

Green Pips.

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
[quote = WindChaser; 12144564] {quote}中国的防火墙.....感叹。尝试下载您需要的文件。1. https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?c...LQ3rhklpDb1G27 2. https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?c...3sSGBPHLfoTMJy 3. https://my.pcloud.com/ publink / show？code = XZ9zRs7ZgccwLvbabpFc7MkpV4ta3JY5Ae57之后，请阅读http://www.ralgo-ea.com/installation-0-8/以了解安装EA的步骤。绿色点子。{图像} [/报价]

Thank you! Already downloaded！

The set files are available in a password-protected webpage on this website, the password is shared in the rAlgo Real Traders Telegram chat group (to start, you can join the rAlgo Pivot EA Entry Group on Telegram app)

Download “PivotEA-0.8.4-AUDUSD-H1-Set-5A-050319.set”
这些的优化的文件也是下载不了，防火墙拦截了。

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
You will only be able to download the set files once you join the rAlgo Real Traders Telegram group. For now pls join the rAlgo Entey Group so that you can be added to the Real Traders group once your EA has traded.  More details on Post 1.

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
v0.8.4 EA doesn't work for me. I'm registred member. I followed all the processus to install the EA on this page https://www.ralgo-ea.com/installation-0-8/ but I don't see the Weekly Pivot line on the chart. I have installed this EA on 6 charts. Can you help me?

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
You can PM me on Telegram @WindChaser1 for further assistance.

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Very well said

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
Have installed the EA. I am using cross pairs also.

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Sorry but I don't have Telegram account. Yesterday I sent to you an email at support@ralgo-ea.com could your answer me by email?

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
I registered, I have loaded EA for a few days, and I have not opened the position.

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
The EA does not trade every hour, it trades when the conditions are met.

If you want more trades, you can turn on the S/R38 levels, and turn off PSAR filter. More risky, and more trades.

Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Hi,

do you have mt5 version? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
not yet!

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Hope soon. Mt5 is more efficient since this EA will be added to multi-currencies.

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
I can't join your telegram group,

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
See Post 1.

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
hey guys. been trying this ea for ovr a month now. just wanted to share results. its freaking amazing.

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
U tested on a live account? Whats the initial deposit? What settings are you using?

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
also  i have set some terminals with diff set files and trying them on 24 pairs. here are the links in case you wanna follow. you can see differences in parameters makes ea take different trades or manage them differently. SOLID WORk

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/xpen...resive/3217824   ( this uses my own aggresive set. made a mistake on this tough i set ea on a used demo account so ignore de red numbers those come from manual trading times. after ea has set ... over %500 growth!!!  )

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/xpen...aussie/3219271  ( this one has audusd optimized setfile produced by Backtest team. ) already doubled account in a much more safer way

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/xpen...swissy/3240833  ( usdchf optimized setfile from BT team )

http://www.myfxbook.com/members/xpen...-jenny/3241133 (usdjpy optimized setfile from bt team)

all setfiles applied to 24 pairs on H1.  So far SO SO good

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
not live yet. but thinking of going live very soon. my aggresive set file used on this acct has been shared on telegram group. you can get it there.

p.d lemme know if you dont find it ill upload here

initial deposit on this acct was 10k peso. manually trading i took it to   5k... the i put ea on... and it grew from there    ( my accts are in mxn)

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
”Telegram team“, I click on this connection

Jump out of invalid

Unable to connect to webpage

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
If you are from China, I suspect there are blocking with the Great Firewall of China.  Please email us at support@ralgo-ea.com so we can assist you further.

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
The EA doesn't work for me, I sent to you an email at [color=#0066cc]support@ralgo-ea.com[/color] could your answer me by email? I email you screenshot of my MT4.

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
I didn't see any email from 8tango.  Please PM me on Telegram so I can assist you.

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
all setfiles of 24 pairs with H1 timeframe: How can i get in the telegram group ?

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
testing the system....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
Telegram group chat address can be found on Post 1.

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
I sent to you a new email today. It's not emailed from 8tango but from Paul Durand. I don't want to post my email here, please check your email and you will see my emails.

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
I understand, and found your email, replied.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
report for the week EA rAlgo__pivot_trading_v8.0.4 : trading account ECN Pro Demo , the spread is 0 , the transaction is taken by the Commission , established 22 pairs \ CHF except for the minor major \

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
So I have to run the EA for one week to get access to the setfiles, which one would need to be somewhat successful in the trading?

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
You can start with a 100K Demo account, put on 24 pairs to learn about this EA.

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Why are You saying EA is up for a week ? The weekly report shows how I work , for Analytics \ EA settings \ .

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
I don't mean you specifically. I mean in general. In order to get access to the setfiles, one would need to run the ea for atleast one week, as far as I understood.

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
This expert says TDI and fib are utterly rubbish? I'd oike to know if you have any counter-arguments to his points?

Inserted Video
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
He also says don't trade jpy and chf and loves audnzd because eu is too manipulated hes just a foul mouthed click bait youtuber man soooooo much useless information on YouTube but yes jpy and chf can eat small children lol

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Truly wrong bro..

You must read carefully.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After you join the telegram group chat, you will find the password to get the setfiles.

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
https://www.ralgo-ea.com/view-backtest-results/

"The set files are available in a password-protected webpage.... the password is shared in the rAlgo Real Traders Telegram chat group (to start, you can join the rAlgo Pivot EA Entry Group on Telegram app)"

The set files are only available to legitimate users of the EA, password to the set files is found in the pinned message of the rAlgo Real Traders group, you can only join the rAlgo Real Traders group when you are added, as it's a closed group.

For now, you can join the open rAlgo Pivot EA Entry Group to start, it's the entry group to ascertain that you are a real user, and not bots, once your EA has traded, I will add you to the rAlgo Real Traders group.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
Many claim to be a Forex Expert in Forex Factory, Facebook and Youtube.... the media-savvy skill needed is the ability to articulate, and to convince.

Confluences of Fib and TDI are areas of high-probability trades, price action determines the trade eventuality. There are a million and one ways to trade, just like songs/music -- you can never run out of tunes to make new songs.

VP might be right, but he can be wrong too, to each its own.  I can't comment on when Fib+TDI are used in manual trading, since our EA is trading unattended. One way to stop the argument is to perform 99.9% backtest, if the Pivot EA (uses Fib+TDI) works and shows positive results in backtest, this is all that matters to us (users of this EA), mic drop -- how do you argue with results backed by 99.9% data?

http://ralgo-ea.com/view-backtest-results/

Our EA backtest and optimization have to comply with realistic and non-fancy requirements, they are not tested to impress people, they are generated purely to ensure that the EA is viable over long term (in this case, it's 9 years, 1 Jan 2010 to 31 Dec 2018).

Also as the EA is backtestable, you can back test it yourself (we recommend Tick Data Suite).

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
Alright thanks man.

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
Does the backtesting suffer from repainting?

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
I am not sure if you asked the right question but I will try to answer.

The EA uses the built-in TDI indicator, it does not repaint but like most indicators, it’s laggy.

The backtest is performed on historical price feeds, but it does not “tell” the EA the forward price during backtest in order to produce an accurate result.

The Optimisation process, is an effort to find a set of optimal settings (for a currency pair) which would produce trading results with high Profit Factor and low Drawdown for a currency pair, in order to survive the price fluctuation during the period under test (in our case, it’s 9 years).

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Today the EA took trade for the first time and closed the 6 trades in profit.

Last week it didn't take any trade. At the weekend I made the following changes and it took a trade for the first time.

With default  .set files it didn't take any trade. It took trades when i made 3 changes in the default settings. They are:

1.Psar filter: False

2. s/r38: true

3. Time Frame: 1 Day

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
From our backtest, trading the 38 levels are not profitable, best not to trade 38 levels.

Also, you should turn on PSAR for less risky trades, and less DD.

Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
OK. Thank you for your advice.

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
I can't join the telegram group and click to show the invalid page.

The firewall is too powerful, there is no way to solve this problem.

I also sent you an email, and the email I received was also added to the telegram group.

There is no way to join.

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
What pairs are you using?

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
I just replied to your email, regarding a proxy workaround fix, please try it.

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
The pairs are AJ/GA/GU/EA/EJ/NJ/EU/GJ/AC/NU/AU/UJ and exotic pairs like USDCNH/USDCZK/USDMXN. In total 15 pairs.

For the exotic pairs, there is still no trade opened by the EA.

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
Hi WindChaser

I'm currently trying to join the group on Telegram.

Unfortunately by clicking on "Join Group" on the website, nothing happens...

any idea about this issue ?

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
Hi, i just wanted to check if anyone else is making trades, as I have none so far (been running since Japan open this week). Pairs are EURUSD, EURJPY, AUDCAD, AUDNDZ, USDCAD, AUDUSD, NZDUSD, CADJPY, AUDJPY, USDJPY all on 1H. Expert has smile face on all charts. Only change was to set margintale to false.

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
Entry Group link: http://bit.ly/2W5rHcV

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
Ok it's fine now

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
The EA is now regularly opening trades, mostly for audusd,usdjpy,usdchf.

If I add the EA to my other broker's having cent account, is that okay?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Still no trades for me on default settings H1

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
[quote=WindChaser;12175660]{quote} Many claim to be a Forex Expert in Forex Factory, Facebook and Youtube.... the media-savvy skill needed is the ability to articulate, and to convince. Confluences of Fib and TDI are areas of high-probability trades, price action determines the trade eventuality.

I would like to add to the above.
TDI _ Clone / dynamic traders index /, was created by a trader named Dan Malone. It's not the Holy Grail. But, this is an advanced oscillator and trend indicator, known for trading Made Simple system. This is a whole analyzing complex that allows you to track both flat and trend movements in the market. This indicator can be used equally well on all currency pairs. With a reasonable approach, it can bring a very good profit. For a professional , this indicator can be a good filter of the trading system.
All green pips .....

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
You need to understand how EA works ...
EA settings
https://www.ralgo-ea.com/0-8-explanation/

Master All made for people

You need to understand how EA works ...

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
Nowadays everyone is expert of some sense. LOL.

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
Don't worry. The EA will take trade itself after a week with default settings (for the first time).

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
the system seems working well so far ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
So far it is working well for me too. But some people are having issues. Don't know why!

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
The pivot point itself is simply the average of the high, low and closing prices from the previous trading day.

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Everybody knows that. But still traders were unsuccessful. But Davit focused on it in a very effective way & became successful. Moreover, he made many traders life successful.

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
Only "successful' traders will continue to post on the Pivot Trade (or on any system thread for that matter)

Those that fall by the way side (losers) are never accounted for (the majority)

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Thanks, but if other people are getting trades on the same pairs with the same settings, not sure why I'm not?

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
The sentence above shows that you are in the wrong thread, here we trade weekly pivots, not “previous trading day” pivots.

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
I invite you to test the EA using demo account, and give an honest feedback, positive or negative feedbacks are welcomed.

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Check the Expert Log for errors, or turn off PSAR filter and turn on 38 levels to get more trades.

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Thanks for the offer, but I don't run any EA without the source code.

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
Welcome, unfortunately this EA is not open-source, you might want to visit another open-source EA thread.

Green pips, Jmexpat.

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
More positive !!! How can we help ?

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
not much yet for today

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
broker used could also affect ea/indi. certain broker does not allow this indi to be used for ea, means u get no input from the indi on the chart so ea wont work.

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
I don’t think what you just said is correct. Brokers do not know what indicators you use, they can’t snoop into your PC to see the indicators you installed.

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
So it's have 1 failing trade: AUDNZD SELL H1 @ 1.04900

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
Failing.. haha, drawdown is normal part of forex trading.

You can join our Telegram group on Post 1, and chat with the community of traders who trade this EA.

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
I'm new to the Forum but I've been working with the Davit technique. I hope I can help with whatever it takes to improve the tool: P

Great job!

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Update: 4.4.2019-Asia Session: The first trade of the day was opened @0.10 lot. In the algo set file the starting volume is for 0.01 lot . Now when the EA opens any order for pairs audchf,usdjpy,audusd, it is for  0.10 lot.

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
Take a look when indicators are loading

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
green square. orders rPT_EA_v0.8.4

real account. report week . All green pips

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
Can you please tell me how you set up this report? Is this an EA? If yes how does the EA acknowledge and count only the pivot trading EA's trades and not all trades?

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
I didn't have any of your trades which is very frustrating, I don't know what's broken

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
Hi .

Indicator \TradeReport_compact\ . there is on FF .
THANK you MASTER for your work !

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Hi.

These are test settings.  the \ may vary depending on the day . many times.\

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
I would be willing to bet your pivot dist is too tight, try 15 or even 20 pips, psar current

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
Hi.

Thank you for your advice .

for example : week opened 1) \ distance. S/R 38 from PP 35 pips \ . On what Pivot to assume a reversal of the price ?

. .week opened 2) \ distance. S/R 38 from PP 100 pips \. On what Pivot to assume a reversal of the price ?

I have a rule  : "I manage EA . EA does not control me."

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Hi

I have registered to http://member.ralgo-ea.com/ installed the EA but says invalid licence .

What am i making wrong?

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
quick update guys:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Which pair and can you show the setting in the screenshoot you posted please.

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
hello there i am new in this thread.. can anybody help me to learn this manually? can anybody tag me where this thread is explained what to do manually.. and also indicator..

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
Look up Davits pivots but don't post on his thread if you're new lol

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
demo or real?

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
I'm not getting any trades either. I thought it might e been the pivot distance but had it at 15 then 20. Thought it might have been no trade at 38 but sure some hit 68. I'm going to reset today for next week but if someone can post a copy of there settings that's working please do. Cheers

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
Hi.

You need to understand how EA works ...
EA settings
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=773563
https://www.ralgo-ea.com/0-8-explanation/

Master All made for people

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
Our EA and Davit's methodology has somewhat diverged,

Eg.

- Davit no longer uses TDI, but our EA still does (and it's still profitable)

- Davit's entries are based on Price Action, we will consider looking into that.

- Davit studies the weekly economic calendar and news releases, our EA does not.

- Our EA has incorporated sophisticated MM techniques, and highly configurable to suit different traders' styles.

- Since it's an EA, it is tireless and can work on more currency pairs on top of Davit's preferred pairs.

but you can still learn the core trading methodology on Davit's thread.

Regardless the differences, the main goal for both systems is still the same -- to milk maximum pips from price reversal swings through the Weekly Fibonacci Pivots.

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
Cheers man..i went back to check the set up and id missed a seeting in the options lol. All set now so look forward to posting results and trade as they happen.

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
Hi guys

What you are doing is beautiful.Keep it up.My philosophy always been do what works!

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Hello, thank you for teaching me the setup steps;

But I set it up, still can't open your webpage;

I don't know how to get it now;

I really want to use $1,000 to test your EA.

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
If you can't access our www.ralgo-ea.com website, I am not sure how I can help you, perhaps you should contact your ISP or government.

If you are looking for the public set files on http://ralgo-ea.com/view-backtest-results/, you will have to join the rAlgo Real Traders Telegram chat group, the password is in the pinned message of that chatgroup.  To start, join the rAlgo Pivot EA Entry Group.

Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
Got the new version taking trades. Not many but I only have a few pairs loaded. All positive though so will load more and check the settings as to why only a few opening on the pairs I have it on. Haven't looked at the set files yet as just going by the info on the site.

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
I am loving this EA.

Running on demo account across 16 pairs... so far up 20% in a few weeks..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

keep up the great work and thank you!

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
Sorry if it's answered, but I have to ask. With $1000/0.01/pair balance recommendation, does it means that if I have $1000 balance I can use EA on just one pair, or I can use EA on how many pair I want but use 0.01 lot per pair?

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
Are you using default .set files? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
For now we recommend trading the EA using Demo account to understand how the EA works.

But yes, if you have $1000 balance, use it on 1 pair only, and trade only 0.01 lotsize, this is our safest and official recommendation.

Of course the EA will still work if you have $1000 balance but decide to trade it on 10 currency pairs, but you are taking a huge risk and your account will most certainly face a stop out (SO) or margin call (MC) in one of the days -- We understand some are "gambler traders" who do not mind taking high risks, if so please trade at your own risk, but when your account run into troubles, please do not blame the EA. (Analogy: You buy a sedan car and the car manufacturer tells you this car can only be driven on normal roads, but you took the car for 4WD cross-country tours, and the car broke down -- you can't blame the manufacturer for not making the car strong enough for 4WD cross-country conditions.)

Lastly, if you have low balance abut want to trade more pairs, consider use a CENT or MICRO account.  Once you have spend enough time trading the EA, you will soon figure out the best/safest margin on how many pairs can the EA trade over x amount of balance.

Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
Thank you for your answer.

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
Does this EA have a stop loss mechanism in which when price goes beyond 100R/S, it starts closing positions in an incremental manner? What happens beyond 100R/S exactly?

Davit said it is not efficient to close all positions once there, but to slowly close positions because market sometimes makes a reversal for a chance to recover the losses and sometimes profit.

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
Weekly_08.04/12.04

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
When i try to download set files,site ask password i entered my user password but it didn't worked,
https://www.ralgo-ea.com/view-backtest-results/ can i know how to download it, Thank You

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
Did you read the webpage in full?

There is a paragraph on that webpage which says “The set files are available in a password-protected webpage on this website, the password is shared in the rAlgo Real Traders Telegram chat group (to start, you can join the rAlgo Pivot EA Entry Group on Telegram app)”

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Which settings do you use and how many pairs do you trade with this EA?

Because for me the result of April is $17 of close profit and +/- 100$ of pending loss. 28 pairs, defaut settings, $1000 demo account.

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
How to set up a black swan event how to set up a wind control?

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
Hi .
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post12199207

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
I do.

Installation. set. file : 1. Enable the tester in visualization mode \ understand where, why the EA opened the order \ . 2. Select the Pivot \ levels at which EA will open the order. 3. Select EA business days . 4. Determine the money management parameter. \ This way you will choose the settings for your trading \ .

If you don't know how to use MT4 features, Google will help you . Example _ " how to open the tester? "Google will give you detailed instructions ...You will succeed .

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
I don't understand your question above, there are two "how to", does it mean the sentence contains two questions?

How to set up a black swan event?  As in, how do you manipulate the forex market to create a crash?

Also, I don't know what is a wind control, why do you want to control the wind?

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
Registered at http://member.ralgo-ea.com/accountsadd.php?showdetail=

I created an account, registered the account, (according to the instructions), and after that I placed all the files in the appropriate places and the result on the screen ....
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
Did you add the “http://api.ralgo-ea.com” in WebRequest?

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
I also watch for big round numbers, in this instance, the first line I considered to be support, the small break downwards moved just 2 pips from a big round number ( 124000 ) these also tend to work as an S&R, so I had 2 proper reasons to look for a long over there.

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
Sure, you can apply what you just said in manual trading, the EA has no settings to trade the big round numbers.  Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
Hi guys,

I have been trying to join the chat group, but there is something wrong with the page. When I click on the Join button nothing happens. I have tried mozilla, firefox and internet explorer, but the same. Can you check it please? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
Install Telegram on your phone/PC, and PM me @WindChaser1, I will help and guide you from there.

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
First Day using Pivot EA

Green Pips
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
Amazing! What are your settings?

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
Standard settings provided with the EA, not started to modify these two pairs yet.

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
If you have not joined the Telegram chat group, I suggest you to do so, some star members there are sharing their performing sets (but of course everyone is still in exploratory stage to find the best sets).

Link to our Telegram group

Green Pips.

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
hello how long does it take to get email to confirm account ?

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
It should be immediate.  Otherwise, please PM me @WindChaser1 on Telegram so I can check for you.

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
EXNESS is a scam broker.

I have been trading since last 10 years and know the forex brokers very well. Recently for trying the Expert Advisor I needed a Cent account to test it and it is provided by only a few brokers and Exness is one among them. So I asked their “online support” about their withdrawal procedure with SKRILL. He replied “instant”. So before 2 weeks, to test their withdrawal system I  made a small deposit of US$500. Then I withdrew $100 and it was “instant”, so I was happy. Then again tried to withdraw $100 and it was rejected. After that, I tried several times, and every time it was rejected.

I contacted their online support and they advised me to trade 4-5 standard lots otherwise they will hold my money and I cannot withdraw. I informed them that I never took a bonus from them, so I am not bound to trade with them. Then I tried to withdraw several times and every time was rejected. But ultimately they were forced to pay me and that’s a long story. So traders to trade deposit with Exness. If you like to know more visit here

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
hi,

are trading live? with a micro account? if yes, with which broker?

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
We just published the EURUSD set on https://www.ralgo-ea.com/view-backtest-results/.  Thanks to @ImpAsh for your contribution!

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
We can't donwload the set files. If I enter my password on this page https://www.ralgo-ea.com/set-files/, it doesn't work. Please check your website.

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
you have to enter the password that you will find in the telegram group... not your own password. So join the group and read the pinned message

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Result for 3 months (28.01.2019 - 27.04.2019)

14 currency pairs (often traded by Davit): EURUSD,AUDCAD,AUDNZD,AUDUSD,EURAUD,EURCAD,EURGBP,GBPAUD,GBPJPY,GBPNZD,GBPUSD,NZDCAD,NZDUSD,USDCAD

Start with a cents account: 237.38 USD

All closed transactions on 26.04.2019: 486.19 USD

Profit: 248.81 USD

There was no margin call problem because EA does not trade with all pairs each week.

It can be seen that with the GBPNZD pair there is not one trade. There is a very high spread.

The losers are clearly visible. A little more attention, I'll have to turn them over.

I have noted the important changes. For each pair is different.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Резултат за 3 месеца (28.01.2019 - 27.04.2019)

14 валутни двойки (често търгувани от Davit): EURUSD,AUDCAD,AUDNZD,AUDUSD,EURAUD,EURCAD,EURGBP,GBPAUD,GBPJPY,GBPNZD,GBPUSD,NZDCAD,NZDUSD,USDCAD

Старт с центов акаунт: 237.38 USD

Всички затворени сделки на 26.04.2019: 486.19 USD

Печалба: 248.81 USD

Нямаше проблеми с margin call, защото EA не търгува с всички двойки всяка седмица.

Вижда се, че с двойката GBPNZD, няма нито една търговия. Има много висок спред.

Ясно се виждат и губещите двойки. Малко повече внимание, ще трябва да им обърна.

Важните промени съм ги отбелязал. За всяка двойка е различно.

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
[quote=juraia;12248485]Result for 3 months (28.01.2019 - 27.04.2019) 14 currency pairs (often traded by Davit): EURUSD,AUDCAD,AUDNZD,AUDUSD,EURAUD,EURCAD,EURGBP,GBPAUD,GBPJPY,GBPNZD,GBPUSD,NZDCAD,NZDUSD,USDCAD Start with a cents account: 237.38 USD All closed transactions on 26.04.2019: 486.19 USD Profit: 248.81 USD There was no margin call problem because EA does not trade with all pairs each week. It can be seen that with the GBPNZD pair there is not one trade. There is a very high spread. The losers are clearly visible. A little more attention, I'll have to turn them over. I have noted the important changes. For each pair is different. {image} {image} {image} Резултат за 3 месеца (28.01.2019 - 27.04.2019) 14 валутни двойки (често търгувани от Davit): EURUSD,AUDCAD,AUDNZD,AUDUSD,EURAUD,EURCAD,EURGBP,GBPAUD,GBPJPY,GBPNZD,GBPUSD,NZDCAD,NZDUSD,USDCAD Старт с центов акаунт: 237.38 USD Всички затворени сделки на 26.04.2019: 486.19 USD Печалба: 248.81 USD Нямаше проблеми с margin call, защото EA не търгува с всички двойки всяка седмица. Вижда се, че с двойката GBPNZD, няма нито една търговия. Има много висок спред. Ясно се виждат и губещите двойки. Малко повече внимание, ще трябва да им обърна. Важните промени съм ги отбелязал. За всяка двойка е различно.[/qu

Hello juraia,

Thanks for the update.

1. Who is the broker?

2. The set file is different for each pair, right?

3. Are all the set files available in the chat room?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
[/qu Hello juraia, Thanks for the update. 1. Who is the broker? 2. The set file is different for each pair, right? 3. Are all the set files available in the chat room? Thanks.[/quote]

I use only Bulgarian brokers. Here is VARCHEV, but it does not matter.

Yes, I use templates instead of set file. It is normal that each pair has a different spread and a different pips Range.

There is no point in posting them because my broker uses different spreads from yours. The range is consistent with the spread. The other settings are the same. A Magic number is different.

Използвам само български брокери. В случая е VARCHEV, но това няма значение.

Да, аз използвам templates, а не set file. Нормално е, всяка двойка има различен спред и различен pips Range.

Няма смисъл да ги публикувам, защото моят брокер използва различни спредове от вашите. Диапазона е съобразен спрямо спреда. Останалите настройки са еднакви. А и Magic number е различен.

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
I use only Bulgarian brokers. Here is VARCHEV, but it does not matter. Yes, I use templates instead of set file. It is normal that each pair has a different spread and a different pips Range. There is no point in posting them because my broker uses different spreads from yours. The range is consistent with the spread. The other settings are the same. A Magic number is different. Използвам само български брокери. В случая е VARCHEV, но това няма значение. Да, аз използвам templates, а не set file. Нормално е, всяка двойка има различен спред и различен pips Range. Няма смисъл да ги публикувам, защото моят брокер използва различни спредове от вашите. Диапазона е съобразен спрямо спреда. Останалите настройки са еднакви. А и Magic number е различен.[/quote]

That's ok that if you have saved the .set files in templates for various pairs. But for 14 pairs did you have 14 settings or used only one setting?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
As I said, each pair has a different spred, a different pips Range and a different Magic number. Thus, 14 different templates are obtained.

Както вече казах, всяка двойка има различен spred, различен pips Range и различен Magic number. Така се полуават 14 различни templates.

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
I understand you. From where you have obtained the 14 templates? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Good results! Kindly share your trade report indicator with me.

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Check https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post11198510

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Hi, I couldn't see the TradeReport indicator that included the DD.  Does anyone have that one they can post?

Thanks

Carlos

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
That is not inclusive of P/L% AND DD%. I had that already, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
Honestly, I got it from the band in the Telegram. I used TradeReport and AccountEquityAnalyzer for a long time. But this one is in the picture:
Attached File(s)   TradeReport_compact - updated Russia.mq4

153 KB
|
503 downloads

And do not forget about the finger in the bottom right corner.

Otherwise I drink Bulgarian grape brandy.

Честно казано си го взех от групата в Telegram. Аз дълго време използвах TradeReport и AccountEquityAnalyzer. Но този е на снимката:

И не забравяйте за пръстчето в долният десен ъгъл.

Иначе пия българска гроздова ракия.

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
Thanks to jagzuk!
Attached File(s)   JagzFX_FiboZones_v1_01.ex4

29 KB
|
549 downloads

Thanks to Juan Fernandez (braintheboss)!
Attached File(s)   Pips.ex4

13 KB
|
468 downloads

Благодара на jagzuk!

Благодрая на Juan Fernandez (braintheboss)!

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
Nice one - thank you!

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
Thanks a lot Juraia for this great indicator!

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
after setting all things with provided guideline, this error showed up.

can anyone help me to get rid of this error

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
Hi chayon, click on the chart and press and hold down the “Home” button to load all the historical bars, reload EA. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
From which date i need to download the chart? on this chart i have data from jul 2013, but still it shows array out of range

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
Hello,

what values do you use on "Pips range for pivot" and on "Max spread to enter trade" for the major pairs?

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
Read this, and use Average Daily Range to decide the values. https://www.ralgo-ea.com/0-8-explanation

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
Thank you for the reply WindChaser. I was just wondering what settings the other users use.

Another question. How can I use a trader report indicator to monitor only the trades that the EA does and not all the other trades that I make manually? All my rAlgo charts have different magic numbers. Is there a way to set the trade report indicator to take into account only these carts with the specific magic numbers?

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Now I use https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...9#post12222709 . The panel for the account. Filter orders by magic number ...
https://www.expforex.com/load/utilit...info/2-1-0-203      / free /

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
You can try to use this script to update the historical data

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
Well, after working around 3 Months with this EA i can slowly give a statement what i think about this.

Started on a Demo first and saw the potential of this EA, switched to real very quick, althought the Admins didnt recommend that because its still in progress.

Made a 200€ Live Account maybe 2 Months ago which is already beyond 1.000€, to bad i didnt link it to myfxbook. Even with pretty simple settings this EA is a Beast if you know how to manage it. I´m using very save settings with only 0.01 lots and without multiplier. Working with all Charts except GBP´s and Exotics. Even Gold is getting killed by the EA, 8/8 tp´s hit perfectly. Max. DD was about 125€ when the Account was at 580 Balance.. not to bad I´d say. (News related)

See the attached File, those are the profits from 5 Trading days.

Good look in trying out yourself!

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
am getting a error saying

"program terminated itself "

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
https://www.ralgo-ea.com/installation-0-8/ - Please read the link and follow the steps.

Forum is not the best way to provide installation guidance. Instead of repeating ourselves many times, we decided to created a website to provide step-by-step guide so we can cut down duplicate information on this forum thread, to keep it clean and tidy.

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
i get another error saying " array out of range "  (2498.29 )

2019.05.09 11:05:38.278 rAlgo_pivot_trading_v0.8.4 CADJPY,H1: array out of range in 'rAlgo_pivot_trading_v0.8.4.mq4' (2498,29)

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
Not enough historical data.  Click once on the chart, press and hold down the "Home" button on your keyboard to load all historical data, once finished reload EA.

You can join the Telegram chat group on Post 1, to get more help.  Green pips.

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Mt4 software restart indicators before normal display, this is normal?Thank you very much!

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
Lukasm140 :hello! What's the difference in your Settings?I rarely place orders!

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Sounds great! is it possible to share your set files ?

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
Good. Can you pls share your settings?

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
Update GN. Closed YET.

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
Hi .

Which indicator / TDI or Pivot / ?

Please describe your question in detail .

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
Hello traders, pls what is this 'web request error' all about?

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
EU Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
You can ignore these Web Request error, there is a bug in the EA code which causes the trade data sync to be erroneous at times.  The errors do not affect the operation of the EA at all.

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
ok, thanks.I was just bothered because the EA took just two trades this week and stopped and yet, it seems to me the EA missed several trades that meet the requirements of my settings

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
AC in strong support right now
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
Doing good. Lot changed to 0.1 since Monday.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
Hi Rising Sun

Are you still using the EA

Please can you upload the Ea which you are using..

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
Go to the 1st post, see 1. where there is a button to jump to the download site.

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
Thanks

I was also thinking the same...

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
First Trade - DEMO

UJ (R78) Short

manual SL to BE+1 pip

EJ (R61) Short

Manual TP at R38 +47 pip

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
UJ R100 (EA not taking trade because my setting false on R100)

piercing thru R78 and goes to R61

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Whats the CRV when a SL is activated ? Like 3:1 or 2:1 ?

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Hi all,

I'm quite new to here and as I just wanted to perform a backtest for the EA with given settings,

the ' array is out of range ' error still show even I have already load the script.

Could anyone help me on this one?

Thanks and green pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
The owner of the EA said he disable the backtest. you can check at 1st page they have link to a webpage that have the backtest result

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
You can certainly backtest the EA, please follow steps and recommendations in https://www.ralgo-ea.com/backtest-the-ea/ and https://www.ralgo-ea.com/faq

Unfortunately due to our busy schedule we can’t provide backtest troubleshooting service to anyone, you can seek help in this forum or our Telegram group (see Post 1).

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
Yesterday Trade

AUDUSD S61 Long Setup

Manual TP near Pivot point

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
hello everyone, thanks for sharing your ea/system, will be following and more power to all.

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
So far I'm running great with the EA, recently added XAUUSD into the portfolio.

Yet I'm curious about what are the major bugs at the moment you all encountered with the EA?

Green pips buddies!

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
Hi WindChaser I am trying to register but I have the message

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

can you help me please

Regards Vesko

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
Please message me on Telegram @WindChaser1 so I can assist you further.

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
I had the situation with EA running on my MT4 platform.

Actually, it's already the second time that happened. So, EA opened buy 0.01 position on EURCAD at 61 levels, and the pair started to drop so I expected it to buy more at 78 and at 100, which it always does. However, it didn't happen, since for some reason AutoTrading was turned off. ( maybe my problem) When I realized it and turned it on it opened this monster 3.41 buy lot to cover what it missed. That's insane, I was actually lucky to close it at 0, however, it's just crazy emotional experience to see your PnL goes up and down.

What should I do next time to avoid this situation?

And what's EA's algorithm to act in those kinds of events?

Small note here: I had some other positions opened as well, but none of them were opened by EA. I think maybe EA wanted to cover all with just one single monster size position. Not sure. Please advice

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
backtest ian oct 2019 for AUDCAD ,13.85 pf,this ea have a lot of potential

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
and this is with 500 account with different setting

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
and the last result with 500 account ,pf is 25 and 44

1 pair test for 1 day long

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
I don’t think your backtest is accurate, strive to use 99.90% quality and perform the tests again. www.ralgo-ea.com/backtest-the-ea has some guidance there.

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
Known Bugs of v0.8.4 (Join our Telegram group on Post 1 for more info):

1. Sometimes the Weekly Pivot Lines are not updated automatically - temporary fix -> restart terminal or reload the EA.

2. However, if you restart the terminal with floating trades, the EA might open subsequent trades (of that same floating pairs) in erratic huge lot sizes (eg. 30 lots!)

3. Some members reported that even without restarting the erratic lotsize issue still happens to them.

4. "Pent-up" trades - if Once-Per-Bar setting is ON, after a huge candle appeared the EA would open new trades in quick successions without following the Pip Distance setting.

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
Restarted with the latest version v0.8.4.

Result for April 1:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
Any report from the tests?

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Hey! Got 1 question. Why EA closes trades so early? Testing it for second day, it opened 3 trades on different pairs so far and all 3 trades closed in ~15pip profit instead of building up additional trades or something that could turn out in higher profit.

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
Hi Why is this thread so quiet ?as they EA is Really profitable, ive also tried to join the chat group but it says its Gone, shame the thread is so quiet...

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
MARK THIS DAY FOR rAlgo Pivot 12/13/2021
started the ea 12/13/2021
EURUSD
1H TF
updates you after the first month for this EA.
end 01/13/2021
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
Hi all,

Happy New Year!

We have released rAlgo Pivot EA SuperCharged v1.0 to our community.

Please refer to this link for more information: https://bit.ly/pivot-v084

Please start by reading the _READ THIS BEFORE YOU START document in the Google Drive folder.

Green Pips,

Aziz and WindChaser

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
please, is there a programmer who can modify Auto-Pivot Plotter V1-41  Attached File(s)   Auto-Pivot Plotter  V1-41.mq4

28 KB
|
379 downloads

by making it count several days at the same time and not just one day

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
We released rAlgo Pivot Trading EA SuperCharged v1.1 (major bug fix) two days ago, you can download a copy of it in the Google Drive -> Pivot EA Public Shared - Google Drive

Don't forget to join our Telegram group on Post 1 of this thread. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Please WindChaser I have followed all the steps to use the EA and it tells me invalid license, Ea terminated, or what should I do?

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
“Ea terminated” error is a simple fix, pls read the ReadMe file in https://drive.google.com/drive/u/5/f...Hc9qxdKJIWJXKl to resolve the issue.

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
I have followed all the steps. EA gives an error message. I did everything.
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Hi, if you follow the guide closely you should be able to resolve this error: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1...it?usp=sharing

Otherwise please contact @WindChaser1 on Telegram for assistance.

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
My result of this week. Not bad.

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
Nice result. How many pairs did you trade?

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
Three recommended pairs (I excluded gold and silver). AudUsd H1, EurUsd M30, GbpUsd H1 with recommended sets.

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
Hello Everyone, I have been testing rAlgo Pivot EA since Jan 2022 and here's my result for 01/11/2022 - 02/25/2022.  I'm very happy with EA performance and will share more result later.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
My result of 2 weeks:

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
Why it is not trading at all in the tester. what am I doing wrong. any help. I have downloaded it from drive google.

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
Did you do this:
Important: Before you start, you have to register a rAlgo membership account to activate the EA - https://member.ralgo-ea.com

and then do this:

Importantly, go to (top menu) Tools -> Options -> Expert Advisors tab, tick the "Allow WebRequest for listed URL:" checkbox, then add https://api.ralgo-ea.com in the URL box, and click OK.

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Three weeks.

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Hi bro

When will the current 1.1 version expire? Will you post it here or on your website when it expires?

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
Hi mayer, for now it has no expiry date, but we can't promise there will be one (or not) in the future. Feel free to use it. https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1jDH-h7y2j7o2iDvPDAHc9qxdKJIWJXKl?usp=sharing

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
Posting at Windchaser's request. Thanks all.

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
My friend, please help me to see if this EA has stopped running. According to the previous rules, I will add positions at this time, but I have not placed orders or closed positions for a week.

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Please check the Expert tab log to see if there are any errors in the EA operation, otherwise, you just need to wait for the EA to trigger trades when the price candle hits the Pivot zones.

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
Here are my results from demo testing up until 18/03/2022 at the request of Windchaser

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
thanks, that's great

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
It's been delivering, I am trading on a cent account

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
I can list a couple reasons. The strategy is Open source but OP has decided he wants to eventually profit on the success of another person's strategy. He laid the ground work with his EA "protection". In which this guy is collecting your information. Nobody wants the NSA 2.0 and nobody likes someone gaining clout off someone else's success.

The irony is the protection was put in place to prevent "malicious actors" but is in place to eventually turn a profit. None of this is enlightening news because the OP himself has stated it. There is no "expiry date" for now but we can't promise it.

I got nothing against the OP.  What is pretty annoying is watching the cycle of things. Someone releases something to benefit people but then does the switcharoo once they see the success and the eventual dollar signs.

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
since last night it is working but not trading. what is the problem ?

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
i got this error what should i do

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
I have just contacted "Windchaser" via "Telegram" and awaiting upon his response. However I personally think you are getting that error for 1 of 2 reasons.

1) Are you are member of their website before what happened in my 2nd reason? Even if you are a member, I still think my 2nd reason is the main issue here.

2) The website has been down for a while now, so that can be a reason for failure.

I will update all, when I here back from "Windchaser".

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Just an update, they are working on the problem and "Windchaser" stated this on "Telegram". His words listed below.

Hi we have a technical issue with the rAlgo server, working on it.

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
I agree with the above and even though I have been in contact with "Windchaser", they say they needed to manually start their dedicated server, well that is odd, as that does not take days lol. So we can surmise this is all over now.

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
I bet this system is not working now, can you confirm as that would help this thread and the members of this great forum.

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
www.ralgo-ea.com website is running and EA files could be downloaded on Post 1 of this forum thread.

Or visit https://drive.google.com/drive/folde...Kl?usp=sharing

Please start by reading the 2 README files there, before you set the EA up.

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Hello,
I would like to ask why there is an error message

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
I believe your test Tick Data quality might be the issue, you can consider using TSD Tick Data Suite (eareview.net)

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
Is there some issue with server? No data error generates in mt4

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
there was an issue earlier but it seems to have resolved now

blam

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
Today the ea terminated with invalid license

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
it works now.

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
Hi! Do anyone still use this EA? Seems the thread is dead. I have read all pages. Does EA work and is it profitable?

Regards

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
yes it's profitable

blam

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
fx pairs? which one, how about gold.

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
see post 1 link to telegram channel, all files / setfiles / recommended pairs and timeframes are there if you go to the telegram channel

blam


===== 附件下载链接 =====

och_News_Plotter.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2837503?d=1528195394
pivot_trading_EA_v0.51.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2840954?d=1528355082
PERFORMANCE.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2850308?d=1528908677
Forex Insider.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2854468?d=1529083003
fxr_forex_sentiment_1.17.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2854764?d=1529116748
AccountEquityAnalyzer v1.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2882045?d=1530725016
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2885371
Attachment g: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2899393
rAlgo_pivot_trading_v0.7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2904429?d=1532076271
Pivot Trading with TDI.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2907580?d=1532336244
rAlgo_pivot_trading_v0.7.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2908891?d=1532398019
TDI-RT-Clone-rAlgo.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2908893?d=1532398029
Scaling script v1.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2922620?d=1533109358
modify_stops_DragDrop.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2924585?d=1533198037
modify_take_profits_DragDrop.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2924597?d=1533198421
StepMA_Bands_Fast.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2939718?d=1534085366
v0.6 and v0.7 EA Files-20180918T043201Z-001.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3006285?d=1537707915
ATRprojections.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3010831?d=1537963766
AO_T3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3038834?d=1539442301
Attachment 4: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3038941
MACD_Essam_4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3038952?d=1539451999
TradeReport_compact - updated Russia.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3328016?d=1556833003
JagzFX_FiboZones_v1_01.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3328019?d=1556834126
Pips.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3328020?d=1556834141
ForceLoadHistoricalData.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3331798?d=1557298688
Auto-Pivot Plotter  V1-41.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4130783?d=1643157181
