===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Hi,

First off, I am a full-time trader and I have been trading in the currency market for more than four years now. As a long time lurker of this forum, I finally feel the need to participate in forums, as day-trading has gotten pretty boring. I have three very powerful strategies in my trading arsenal, and what better way to start than to share one of the strategies here. I wouldn’t call this an entirely mechanical system, as you need to use some discretion. I will be outlining some of the important factors that may need consideration before entering a trade based on this system, later in this post.

I call this system: A.M.G Waves

Timeframe: Any. But, I use 1Hr or higher to avoid whipsaws.
Pair: Any Currency Pair.
Indicator(s):
Stochastic Oscillator (8,3,3)
5 SMA

Before I give out the entry requirements, please take a look at the following picture. A setup only exists where the fib retracement of an impulse wave is 61.8 or 78.6. The idea behind this method is that provided AB wave retraces by 61.8% or 78.6%, it should equal the CD wave. Only look for setups that are in the direction of the bigger trend (ie: If you are looking at setups on the hourly, then only look for signals that are with the daily trend).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

{chart 1}

Long
Generally, you are buying in an uptrend, when the AB impulse wave retraces to the 61.8 or 78.6 level. Before pinpointing a precise entry, you wait for the next candle (confirmation candle) to form. This must not exceed the low made by the retracement and has to be a bullish reversal candle (ie, Harami, Doji, Bullish Maribozu, Bullish Belt hold, etc).

At the precise entry point:

1) The new candle following the Confirmation Candle is on or near the 5 SMA.
2) On the Stochastic Oscillator window, the fast stoch (blue line) has already crossed or is crossing the slow stoch (red dotted line) and hooking up. This cross should not happen in the overbought region (80 or above).

Short
Generally, you are selling in a downtrend, when the AB impulse wave retraces to the 61.8 or 78.6 level. Before pinpointing a precise entry, you wait for the next candle (confirmation candle) to form. This must not exceed the high made by the retracement and has to be a bearish reversal candle (ie, Harami, Doji, Bearish Maribozu, Bearish Belt hold, etc).

At the precise entry point:

1) The new candle following the Confirmation Candle is on or near the 5 SMA.
2) On the Stochastic Oscillator window, the fast stoch (blue line) has already crossed or is crossing the slow stoch (red dotted line) and hooking down. This cross should not happen in the oversold region (20 or below).

INVALID SETUPS

A setup is considered invalid:

1) If there is a news release within 15-30mins.
2) If the confirmation candle moves so much that the stop loss is widened to a point where the Risk/Reward ratio is no longer 1:1.5.
3) If there is a major psychological support/resistance (ie, 2.0000 for Cable, 1.5000 for EURUSD, etc) before the first profit level (Target 1).
4) If the setup is against the major trend (atleast two TFs up from the one you are trading with).

STOP LOSS

Stop Loss should be placed where the first impulse wave starts (Point C on the charts). Only take a trade if the stop loss is smaller than your
projected Target 2.

ENTRY STRATEGY

Here is an example, using a $10,000 account at 1:100 leverage.
I am only willing to risk 1% of my account and assume the stop loss has already been establish (start of the first impulse wave) and is 30pips + 3pips spread.

(10,000*0.01) / 33 = 3

So, I can trade at $3/pip, meaning I can go into the trade with 3 mini lots. There are three profit taking levels, so I should divide the lots into three equal lots and enter all of them at the same price (entry point). In this case, I have 3 x 1mini lots to enter at the same price and I will exit each mini lot at the different target levels, if they are not stopped out first.

EXIT STRATEGY

Carrying on from the previous example, I would exit my first lot at Target 1. If price does reach Target 2, I will take out the second lot, and move my stop loss to Break Even (Entry point). I will then take out my last lot when Target 3 is reached.

If you look at the charts provided, you can see that the targets can be calculated using the Fibonacci Expansion tool.

-When the confirmation candle is a Harami (Inside bar), use FE 50.0 as Target 1, FE 61.8 as Target 2 and FE 78.6 as Target 3.

-When the 'AB' wave consists of more than 10 candles, use FE 50.0 as Target 1, FE 61.8 as Target 2 and FE 78.6 as Target 3.

-When the confirmation candle is quite large, use FE 61.8 as Target 1, FE 78.6 as Target 2 and FE 100.0 as Target 3.

Illustration

Please take a look at the following charts for examples of Short and Long trades that I took recently. I will add more upon request.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I hope I haven’t bored you with this lengthy post, if I have, then do apologise. I am looking forward to your feedbacks; let that be positive or negative.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
I am in a GBPJPY short trade based on this technique.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
I have been using a method like this for a long time now and it works really well. I am curious as to how effective your 5SMA filter is, I will try this out on my Demo.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Question- The biggest problem I've had with fibs is choosing the swing points to anchor them to. How do you choose your swing highs and lows?  You can almost always find one that will give you whatever retrace you're looking for.  Also, how close does price have to come to one of your retrace points before you consider it a hit?

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Well you are right in that people can interpret fibs in different ways (intraday swings, session swings, wave swings). But I always look at wave swings as I have found them to be the most effective. Please take a look at the charts I posted to see how I draw fibs. And as for price, it depends on how big the wave is. If its 4-10 candles long, then you want price to test and close below/above the fib level. However, if its a larger wave, then as long is it is about 7pips near the fib level, it can be considered a valid retrace.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Hi

You mention to place the stops at point A but in your charts you have placed them at point C, which one is your normal practice?

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Hi Daz,

What is the rate of occurrence of such well behaved retraces? In other words how many such trades can you make per week? Another question, what are the other MAs on the charts for?

Thanks,

Herty

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Yes, that is a mistake from my end. I will rectify it. It is Point C.

Thanks for pointing it out for me.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Well, if you look on the hourly chart, you will typically get atleast one setup from each currency on an intraday basis. If you go onto a smaller timeframe, you will be surprised at how many setups you will find. But I restrict myself to trading 6 currency pairs, so I get about 10-15 trades per week.

I only use 5MA for this system. The others are there for another system I use.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #10 ---
the system looks great and using the basic tools of trading. My only question is why only 61 and why not 50 and 38 ? many strong trends retrace to 38 before taking off.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Its not only 61.8, but also 78.6 fib retracement level. From my testing during the development stages of this system (7 months ago), I found out that the strong trend continuations do retrace 38% and 50%, but that is when you take the swing points of the entire trend and for my method to work, you take the swing points of the last impulsive wave. Please refer to the charts I have posted. I would gladly post more, if you need clarification.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #12 ---
lovely system why ,not post the template.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Hi DAZ,

I think it would help if you showed some more trades, as you suggested. I have some more questions about nuances, which I don't know if they are relevant or not. If possible also some recent trades so I can see them on my screen and zoom out; eg in what context did you chose the AB line (any AB whose BC equals 61.8/76.8?) and so on.

Thanks again

Herty

p.s. since you let the cat out of the bag, could we have another of your systems? I like the definiteness of this one. I have a full course on the Wolfe system but dropped it because the setups were so infrequent.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
hey daz, i also think that it would be nice to see some live examples with your fib strategy. thanx

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Okay, here are some recent trades. AB is an impulse wave with recognisable swing points. Please refer to {chart 1} on my first post where you can see how a wave is always followed by a retracement. So your Point A in a downtrend would be the first Swing High after a retrace. Point B would be the immediate Swing Low (as intraday traders you should look for waves consisting of 4-10 1Hr candles).

GBPJPY on the 1hr
http://b.imagehost.org/t/0284/abcd5.jpg

GBPJPY on the 1hr
http://b.imagehost.org/t/0284/abcd6.jpg

EURCHF on the 4hr.
http://b.imagehost.org/t/0284/abcd7.jpg

EURUSD on the 4hr. I did not take this trade as it was against the trend setup, but it did work out very well. You could have taken this as the Stop Loss is very tight giving an excellent Risk/Reward setup.
http://b.imagehost.org/t/0284/abcd8.jpg

By the way, I hope you have noticed how the time it takes to form 'AB' wave is roughly how long it takes for 'CD' wave to form. Using this, you can predict your exit point.

I hope this helps.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Looks prettty good daz. It's good to see different ways to use fibs as they are very powerful tools in these markets. Will continue to watch and learn.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Here is a trade that was taken today on EURUSD 1Hr. Just scaled out my last lot now (Target 3).

http://b.imagehost.org/t/0288/abcd9.jpg

--- 帖子 #18 ---
GBPUSD 4Hr

I didn't take this trade because I was already in the EURUSD trade. But look how price touched the FE 100 (AB=CD).

http://b.imagehost.org/t/0288/abcd10.jpg

--- 帖子 #19 ---
very nice use of the 1-2-3 setup including fibs

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Thanks Dazfx, could you clarify the criteria you used to determine the daily trend on EURUSD was short, prior to taking this trade?

"Bonza" strat btw

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Hey Daz, thanks for your answers. I love your strategy, is plain and simple, so I definitely need to practice it.

The last question I have is the same with Chow. How do u determine the trend for the 1H? Do you use 200 ema or smthing?

Thanx.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
This is where discretion comes in. A series of lower lows and lower highs on the daily and a downward channel on the 4Hr. On top of this, a rejected short trade on the EURUSD yesterday which worked out well.

But I agree, if you want to follow the system strictly, this would not have been a trade, instead, you would have traded the GBPUSD setup.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #23 ---
I don't think you need an EMA to tell you the direction of the trend. You can just look at the chart and say if its trending up or down. But if it helps, you can use the 200MA. I prefer the old method of observing the charts for 'lowerlow lowerhigh' & 'higherhigh higherlow' to determine the trend direction.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #24 ---
HI Daz

The difficulty of this technique is looking for the impulsive wave.  As long as you find the correct impulsive wave then there is no doubt that you will win the trade.   However, if you have the wrong impulsive wave, then it is when people lose most.

You mentioned that looking for the impulsive wave when it is following the bigger trend.   By that, did you mean looking at the direction of the daily candle starting at 5pm Eastern time everyday (5pm eastern time is when a new daily candle start forming) and using the direction of that daily candle as the major trend?  I tried to use the direction of this daily candle as the major trend for the trade, however, in some instances, that daily candle is the opposite of a bigger major trend,  and so if i use the direction of that daily candle to find the impulsive wave, then I ended up losing the trade.

How do you find the impulsive wave in the most effective way?

--- 帖子 #25 ---
I will try to answer to this question, as it is a problem for me as well to determine the correct impulsive wave. But I tried to re-read everything Daz said here and he actually stated very clear how to catch the last impuslive wave.

First of all, you look at Daily. Lets take GY. Even yesterday wasa bullish day, this doesnt mean that the trend is up - it is obviously down, even a child can guess that. So we trade on the short side only.

Then we move to 1H or 4H timeframe, depending on your taste.You look at the chart, and try to spot the last swing high , i.e. the last peak the price made before falling again. This is your point A. Then you look for the swing low (it should be only one swing low, coz if there are 2 or more, it means you didnt determine the correct swing high). The last swing low is where the price start to turn up. This is your point B. Now you pull the Fibs from A to B and wait for the price to come close to 61 or 78 level.

And from here you know what to do. Hope I cleared something for you.

This is a trade I got in today for GY, and Im still in, as I am waiting for the 61 extension to be hit. It is a good trade, thank you Daz.

I love this method because it reminds me of the basics of trading I used to read when I started my forex journey, and still I didnt know how to properly implement them. Now these tools make sense together.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
This is one of the best systems available here in the forums, price action at fib retrace for entry based on 1-2-3 method and fib expansion for exits using very small stops placed at a safe level.

Thanks DAZ

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Yes gagiul got it right. You take the trade in the direction of the daily trend (if you are trading off the 1hr) and not based on action of one daily candle.

Btw, Gagiul, good luck on the trade. I would have scaled out a position at FE 50 though, and let the rest ride. Locking in profits is very important.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #28 ---
If you want to get a better entry, go to the 5/15min TF after the confirmation candle has been formed. Look for a reversal candle to make the entry (ideally near the 5MA on the hourly). This way, you will be able to place the tightest of stop and enter just before the momentum kicks in.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Hello DAZ

Your system is Awesome

Love it.

Thanks for share it.

Regards

Valter

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Hi Daz, i'm using a variation of this system and captured 100pips on the GBP/JPY move south. It's a powerful strategy. What makes it strong is that many of the big boys use strategies like this, which means if we can get into the same moves they do, we'll definitely profit!!

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Dazfx,  On your charts there is a faint blue dotted line that goes from A to B, B to C.  Is that an indicator that draws A, B, C (same as 1,2,3) or something you draw,  Thanks. This seems like a real pip maker. Paul

--- 帖子 #32 ---
The blue dotted line is the Fib Expansion.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Daz,

there are many instances that the last impulsive wave has retracement of only up to 38% and then take off, never go to 61% or 78%.  YOu mentioned that for your method to work, count only the last impulsive wave, not the entire wave.  However, some last impulsive waves only go to 38%.  ( my guess is that if it does not retrace to at least 61% then you do not take the trade right? if that is the case then we would miss alot of chances to get some pips.  I see that 80% of the time they do retrace to 38% and take off from there.  )

Do you have any comments on this?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Powerful system, but I think for newbies it might be a touch too difficult due to the discretionary nature.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Fibo,

See post 11.

herty

--- 帖子 #36 ---
wonderful,,,,

thx 4 sharing

I've been using chart patterns but actually ur trading system is amazing

would I ask u plz to share ur other systems

------------------

I wonder why do traders look for sick trading strategies and don't look for this diamond.

I think this system is 90% profitable

------------------

--- 帖子 #37 ---
I think we will be positioning today for new shorts in GY and EY. Now they are moving against the trend, and soon should reach 61 or 78. Be ready to short them.

Im waiting for GY to reach 199.50 which is also R1 for today.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
....and thats why most n00bies lose!

--- 帖子 #39 ---
short on uj H1 coming ?

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Good observation Gagiul. I am looking at GJ amongst other pairs, and I see this. My swing High is different. See how this hourly candle closes. I will only take it if the Risk/Reward is good.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #41 ---
HJi Dazfx,

Can you upload your templates so that i can load into my platform ?

--- 帖子 #42 ---
I see on the 4Hr USDJPY. Just need to see the Stochastics pointing down.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
I'm in the usd/jpy short, +30 so far, going to target 99.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
hey mazdaz, i have the same swing with you now for GY. it made a pinbar on 1H, as you can see as well, so this is strong signal for reversal. However, GY is slow right now.

I jumped in a short for EY, as you can see in the screenshot. Even if I entered at 154.30, which might be too close to our FE50 and FE 100 targets, im confident in the trade since it goes with the daily trend which is down, so I expect it to go much lower.

lets see how it plays out.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Well done!! I am also in the EJ trade, but i have taken out 2 lots at Targets 1 & 2. Waiting for Target 3 to hit at FE 100.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
thank you, Daz. Love your method, if you practice it a little, is really simple. And it uses only the basics of trading, no fancy indicators. Third, if you look on 4H for GY and Ey you can see how this method plays out incredibly well, with large gains, if you go ONLY WITH THE TREND.

Will try it on 4H once I will master it on 1H. The advantages on 4H are Higher risk but higher return and less time spend in front of the charts.

Daz, do you trade only this method every day for a living?

--- 帖子 #47 ---
I have 3 strategies.

ABCD

Frankfurt/London Breakout

EURUSD AntiHedge (by Jacko)

--- 帖子 #48 ---
well, both EY and Gy played good until now. I jumped in short for GY at 197.35, stop above the spike at 198.45 so SL 110 pips, hence my target for 1 lot is 196.25.

Closed 1 lot for EY at 100 pips.

Thank you Daz.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
You also use Jacko strategy? Thats nice. Im also playing around with it, however Im not quite sure how to trail my stops, because I believe 50 pips trailing for EU especially during this volatile period is a little too low, and you will get stopped out too early. Do you have any good advices?

Do you trade for a living?

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Hello Dazfx,

Can you explain your Frankfurt/London breakout strategy?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Yes, I trade for a living. And with Jacko's AntiHedge, I have not modified anything. I agree 50pips isn't enough in this volatile period, but I would rather endure some losses than to try and change an awesome model.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #52 ---
hey arhemsi, my advice is that you focus on this strategy now  it seems to be really profitable and easy to follow. maybe daz will explain us later his other strategies, but better focus on this one for the moment, until we improve.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Target 1 - 195.99 Hit on PJ!

2nd Target @ 195.36

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Yes, I exited EY at 153.50. Now waiting for GY to touch its first target, 195.30. I let second lot running freely because I believe this will go much lower.

Thank you again, Daz.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
2nd TP hit at 195.36!!

Moved my stop to B/E and letting the 3rd lot run freely.

Target 3 = 194.60

Since this is a no risk trade, I will just let this one run and call it a day.

Hopefully, more setups tomorrow.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Daz, I've just read through your thread after it was recommended to me.

Good stuff, and thanks for sharing it.

As I'm learning to apply the method, I'm wondering if 200.50 (about 23:00 GMT yesterday) would have been the perfect time to go short on GBPJPY (see chart below) using your method.

Congrats on hitting both targets!

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #57 ---
...another great day for your strat, Daz. Have you always traded Good Friday?

--- 帖子 #58 ---
LOL!! In all the excitement, I forgot about that.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
have a great Easter mate.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Yes for the 4Hr Wave (Large wave on the Hourly) you would have entered at around 200.60 with S/L at 201.80.

But I prefer working on the 1Hr TF, so you would have caught yesterday's wave:

(Swing High: 201.17 ; Swing Low: 195.80) which retraced 61.8% (199.12)

Entry: 197.65

S/L: 199.15

Target 1: 195.90

And today's wave:

(Swing High: 199.21 ; Swing Low: 195.41) which retraced 78.6% (198.31)

Entry: 197.40

S/L: 198.40

Target 1: 196.00

Target 2: 195.35

Thanks

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Cheers Daz! I appreciate your help.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
@ Daz;

Can you elaborate more on the use of the 5SMA? Are we waiting for the candle to close above the 5SMA on a Long setup and below on a Short setup? Usually price is always near the 5SMA?

TimeFreedom

--- 帖子 #63 ---
might be a valid signal ?

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Hi DazFX & Fellow Traders,

To calculate your fib exp. target levels do you pull your fib tool to the retracement high since by default the fib expansion tool shows a retracement to the 50% level.

Daz, it's very gracious of you as a professional trader to share your insights with us on your system. Thank you sir!

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Hi,

5SMA is used to give you a better entry, as price usually retraces to this level. It is not used as a confirmation for entry, only to give you the best RISK/REWARD trade.

For example, in a short trade setup, you will see the confirmation candle (next candle after the retracement candle[Point C]) breaking the 5SMA on the downside. The next candle (entry candle) would normally go back up to test the 5SMA. Your precise entry would be when the candle is on the 5SMA, or even better if it goes above the 5SMA. Ofcourse, sometimes it may not even retrace to the 5SMA and continue going down. In these cases, just wait until you are a few pips away from the 5SMA as price usually hovers up and down before it pick up the downward momentum. Ofcourse, if you feel price has gotten too far away from the 5SMA (hence making the Stop too wide), just look for another setup.

Usually, if you see a setup in USDJPY, you will see similar setups throughout the Yen pairs, and so, you can take the best setup (Best RISK/REWARD trade).

Thanks

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Sorry Daz I had 1 more question, how did you come to choose 5 SMA over EMA or WMA ? Thanks again....T-Wolf

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Hi ThunderWolf,

Yes, for Fib Expansion, your points would be A, B, C. C being the retracement high. Please take a look at the charts in my first post, the blue dotted lines are Fib Expansion lines.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Hi Daz,

I was wondering if you could post an example chart showing a better entry using a 5 or 15M chart. Very impressive work you have here!!

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Okay.

This is an example of a Jan 17 trade (perfect setup).

1H on GBPJPY
http://b.imagehost.org/t/0296/abcdnew1.jpg

This is the 5min chart of the same trade showing how you can enter on the break of a support level (some knowledge in candlesticks ideal).
http://b.imagehost.org/t/0296/abcdnew.jpg

I hope this helps.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
well done sir,

one thing pls, that fibo that is one your first post is it attached with one software attached to your patform or you draw it manuallly yourself then if you draw it manually yourself how come it has a lot of writing on it?????????

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Fibonacci Expansion is a tool that comes with almost every platform. I did not draw it manually, I just chose the 3 points (A,B,C) and the Fibonacci Expansion (FE) Levels should come up automatically. You can add more levels by clicking on 'Properties'.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #72 ---
I tried taking this trade some time back but lost on it.

If you see the black circle - that's where I shorted (based on a bearish engulfing candle) but after 2 candles it started shooting up and hit my SL.

Any inputs will be welcome.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Hi there,

I see you tried it on the 15min TF. As you go onto lower TFs, the setups become less accurate, though you do get more setups which make up for it.

A problem with that chart is that the AB wave was too big. You can find the retracement off a large wave, as long as the setup is present on the bigger TF, and on your instance, it wasn't (as Stochastics on the hourly was still looking up, Confirmation candle wasn't closed).

It looks like it wants to retrace off the 78.6 level.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #74 ---
in  one of your charts i saw some other blue lines on your fib, pls how do you get that on your for your fib mine doesnt have such

pls respond as quick as you can i have a lot of que here

thanks , sincerely you are doing a lot of work here

no doubt

--- 帖子 #75 ---
thhanks that one is settled

i still mintained my laguage you are great

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Daz, I had the same observation as apume (on the 15m). But what I also noticed, was the fact that (using fractals for visibility) there were a number of swing highs and swing lows in the AB wave on the 15m chart that apume posted below.

I can see that things look a lot more promising for a GBPJPY short on the 1hr at 107.40 right now.

Do you find it reliable to draw waves using the swing highs and lows plotted by fractals?  If so, this might help the less experienced eye (like mine) identify the waves.

--- 帖子 #77 ---
To enter fib levels, you right click on the dotted lines, and go to 'properties'. There you enter the levels you want. 0.50, 0.618, 0.786 & 1.000. And in the description field, just add FE 0.50, etc.

If you are talking about the blue lines below the candles, don't worry, that is just for illustration.

Hope this helps.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #78 ---
in your thread you reiterated that it should be traded in the direction of the trend but this one that i attached was in a up trend and where you put

A to B  should be the retracement or what  are you explaining over the use of this magical tool with trend,

dont mind my amateur question amm still new to this not quit so loong that i started, so pardon my question.

thank you sir

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Can someone please tell me how to draw the Fib Expansion?

I clicked the fib expansion at A, then B, it stopped at B and nothing happened after I clicked at C

Thanks

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Yes fractals may help. But if you keep your waves relatively small (by working on the appropriate Time Frame), you would easily identify the swing points. When I wrote this system, I was under the assumption that people would easily identify swing points, and hence, the criteria for large waves. But if you work on smaller waves by moving to the right TF, the large waves criteria won't be needed.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Yes I did mention that I avoided the trade as it was against the trend. EURUSD was at the start of a correction and hence the setup was present. Remember, you could have a setup inside a larger retracement.

-DAZ-

--- 帖子 #82 ---
thanks sir

you are

--- 帖子 #83 ---
It did retrace to the 78.6 level ... I shorted it there

Locked 50 pips

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Hi,

You click on the AB Fib Expansion line, and then drag the smaller line to Point C.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #85 ---
This is an awesome strategy, I been using it for a while but today has been a really great day, I made over 200pips on GBP/JPY

All the currencies should be consolidating tomorrow as it's Good Friday but hopefully we'll get a fair few setups next week, see you guys then

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Daz,

I took this trade today on the Gbp/jpn and it did not go very well.  My stoploss was trickered. I traded this in 1hour TF, retracement is over 61%, red reversal confirmation candle was closed, the blue candle right after the confirmation candle is right on the SM 5.  ( I drew a circle around the confirmation candle and the candle right after it) .  Stoch was hooking down, The daily trend was going down too,  everything looked great.  But the next candle hit my stoploss.

Am I missing anything here? or is this just one of the very few times that ABC trading is not working? Please comment.

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Hi,

Sorry you were stopped out. Seems very unfortunate that it went to Point C exactly at 197.68 and reversed. Just not enough volatility in the market to break free from the triangle formation on the 4hr.

Yes you did everything right in your part, just did it in a quite session on the Friday before Easter. Easter Monday might be another dull day. Hopefully, we can resume normal trading on Tuesday.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #88 ---
good morning sir.

pls i want you as you always do to  do me a favour all your sermon here is exclusively on trand witht the trend. i ahve checked some TF and am comfortable with 15min TF but i still find it a bit hard to define my trend vry well

1. which time frame exactly should i look at  for my trend definition bcos some of the trade i see in 15min TF looks like trading against the trend in 15min TF thugh majority f them walked out well

just help me firstly with the trend of a thing

--- 帖子 #89 ---
look at this attached template

i want you to calrify something concerning the trend stuff.

the trend line i put there is that am impulsive or retracement?

1 if it is an impulsive, then of the uptrend of the previous day

2. if it is a retracement t means it did not work to the technique

3. pls try and keep it as simple as you can

4. i know its very simple just clarify things for me

my master.

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Thanks Daz, really appreciate you sharing this with us. Just curious, what are the 6 pairs you trade with this system.

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Sorry for triple posting. Bad connection

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Sorry for triple posting. Bad connection

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Hi pipsforall,

I monitor all the majors and the volatile ones.

Favourites:

EURUSD, GBPUSD, GBPJPY, EURJPY, USDJPY, AUDUSD.

Hmm sorry, was the question directed to me? LOL

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Hi Mazdaz,

I was directing my comments to the Daz who started this thread, I think its an amazing trading tool he has so graciously shared with us. But, thanks for letting me know which currency pairs are your favorites as well.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Hi,

If you use 15mins, look at 1Hr for trend confirmation. With 15mins, you will get more signals, so you have a higher chance of getting caught by whipsaws.

Regarding your other post, remember that a wave or a full ABCD move can exist within a larger retracement.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Thanks for the compliments Pips4all.

I trade mainly the Yen Pairs and EU/GU.

But this system works on all the currency pairs and in all financial markets.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Hi Mazdaz,

May I know what the 'daz' stands for?

--- 帖子 #98 ---
thank you ... ur are good job

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Daz as in Daz the washing up powder?

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Once again, fibo rules....

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Dazfx,

I am trying to understand your system.

Firstly, I draw fib lines from A to B. Then move this exact set of fib lines to point C to find the target levels. Am I correct?

Secondly, What do you use to determine the the trend on longer timeframe?

Thirdly, I manually backtested this system on eurusd 1 hour timeframe, i only got a few trades in the last 6 months. Am I doing something wrong?

The problem was that most of them retrace less than the  61.8 and 78.6 levels and reverse.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Hi Eagle Eye,

Thanks for the response. Firstly, you use Fibonacci Expansion (Point A, B, C) to get the targets. Secondly, you identify the trend on the longer term time frame by simply looking at the waves (ie: Higher highs and higher lows in uptrend). Also, you could trade on the hourly timeframe when price is in a corrective phase on the daily.

Finally, the reason you only found a few trades is because your swing points are very far away from each other. If you look at my examples, you will see that impulsive waves are usually 4-10 candles long. If they are longer than this, usually, you will have that setup on a higher timeframe.

Hope this helps.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #103 ---
I would let the Master speak, but this is what I found -

1)  Use lower TFs and you may spot more trades...

2)  Check other pairs which are more volatile (but a beast at the same time) and you could see larger (618, 786) replacements...

Goodluck!

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Thanks, I'll try that. Please continue to post charts of trades you take.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
I am not trading today but there were a few setups on the hourly. But most of them were against the trend. Here is a textbook trade that I would have taken had I decided to trade today.

You can see how the next candle after entry was a news candle that went in our favour and you might say that it conflicts with the rule of not trading news. But there were three things that a subjective trader would have taken into consideration.

1) Risk/ Reward ratio was excellent (only 25 pip stop loss)

2) Bullish Hidden Divergence on the Stochs

3) We were expecting the dollar rebound with the US Housing Market stablising and hence, a good news release.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Just realised that the fib extension point of B should be a bit higher on the chart. So the price projections would be a few pips higher.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #106 ---
When I draw the fib extention I do not get a value of 71.8 anywhere.  What am I missing?

--- 帖子 #107 ---
right click on the fibo & go to the properties.. in there u can add the value & description..

hope this help...

--- 帖子 #108 ---
...anyone tempted with the 4hr USD/JPY short, or do you think it has further to go north (towards 78.6) before rejoining higher timeframe downtrend?

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Chow, already took the trade on the hourly timeframe.

This was the trade.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Nice one...the earlier long (USD/JPY) setup off the hrly was against the daily trend, so i'm guessing you would have given that one a miss?

--- 帖子 #111 ---
i read all yuor post  very nice system am little bit confused about point A. for point A FROM WHAT TIME I HAVE TO START LOOK FO EHIGH PICK

in one day only one trade in one pair? IN US SESSION  I HAVE TO LOOK DIFFERENT and asian session i have to lookk different time it is possible in 15 minute time frame?please help me any body can explain me datail for pick pointA.

THANKU

--- 帖子 #112 ---
great strategy.  really appreciate the info.

do you trade in any rooms?

a bunch of us are in kinn's new room.  hakuna matata.

i prefer to trade confirmed trendline breaks so your system compliments mine well.

i've been trading for 3 years full time.

thanks again

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Here is a trade I took on USDJPY!!

I left a lot of pips on the table, but since the stop loss was really tight (20pips), I went in with more lots.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Nice trade.  We missed this one.  The news out today was wild.  Sometimes it's better to ignore news and trade the signals.  This volatility is amazing.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
nice move daz...do u think its going to retract back to 99.76 or 99.96 b4 heading down....

--- 帖子 #116 ---
With the longer term trend down and the entry coming in well before the EURO news, I went in. It already hit my First target when the news came out. If it was a High/Medium impact US or Japan news, I wouldn't have entered.

And no, I don't belong to any trading group. Just have a trading partner. How do you find trading with a group?

--- 帖子 #117 ---
it's difficult to contact you because your PM and email are disabled on FF.

there are various groups to trade with.  I trade with a few pros.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Point A is a swing point (retracement point of the previous impulse wave). Please take a look at the first chart in my initial post. In a downtrend, Point A is a swing high (a higher high than the previous candle and the candle after).

You can have more than one setup per day on any one pair, But when I reach my target for the day, I don't trade.

And yes to trading  on the 15min TF. Just need to know that the success rate declines as you go into lower TFs, but you do get more setups. Just keep your AB waves small (4-10 candles)

I hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Ok I enabled my Email. Don't know why I can;'t enable PM.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
hi DAz wat do u think of USD/CAD and cable

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Well i saw a setup of the CAD in the15 min tf and took it . Hope it goes well.it is also on the 30 min and 1hr tf only that they are not triggered yet.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Hi Roger, I'm not Daz but I spotted USD/CAD as a potential trade and have gone short. But I'm new to Daz's method so ...

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Hi,

I am also looking at USDCAD on the hourly. I still don't have an entry signal, so I am waiting on the sidelines. (Need Stochs to hook down) But if price moves down a lot, I won't take the trade as the R:R won't be good.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Daz,

Do you only trade off the hourly using this method?

--- 帖子 #125 ---
USD is propped by USDJPY option at 99.  when this breaks or expires USDCAD will selloff rapidly.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Interesting Fxorce. Thanks.

Is there a strong expectation that USDJPY will actually break 99 as opposed to head up?

--- 帖子 #127 ---
the last time this happened so powerfully was EURUSD a couple weeks ago. price continued to move up in an angle and tight range until it broke through the level.  this kind of option protection throws off the whole market as we see EURUSD stalling and USDCAD stalling at odd levels while USD is bought heavily to protect a level.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Yes I only trade on the hourly. Don't get many setups, but it has a better win rate than lower TF setups. Too much whipsaws if you ask me.

Btw, the USDCAD trade setup is negated on the hourly. I see there was a valid signal on the 15min.

--- 帖子 #129 ---
hi all,

good thread. thanks danfx for sharing your system. i've been working on something similar and wanted to get your (and other trader's) feedback on something...

do you think putting the zigzag indicator (settings 6,5,3) will be helpful in drawing the legs of the 1-2-3 (or A-B-C)? please try it out and give me feedback. it is a regular MT4 indicator.

it may be helpful in getting us traders on the "same page" when it comes to identifying set-ups. feedback is appreciated. i'll post the usd/jpy chart for an example of how the zigzag draws...

--- 帖子 #130 ---
9Volt ...I have the zigzag on my chart. I was actually thinking of asking Daz the same thing for the same reason.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
AUD/USD (60min) heading towards it's long Daz zone now, more work to do yet though...

--- 帖子 #132 ---
He He,got stopped out on the CAD trade,guess i'll have to take DAZfx advice and stick to the 1hr tf.coz of wippsaw on the 15mintf.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
I think that the GBP/USD is setting up for a trade once the stochastics turn over, what do you think?

--- 帖子 #134 ---
yeah, looking that way...just a matter of waiting patiently for a while.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Yeah ...costly lesson learned for me

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Also looking at the USD/JPY at around 99.65 off the 61.8 fib if I lined up my fibs right.  lol

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Same thing happened to me as well, just doing 1 hr, 4 hr and even took a daily on the GBP/USD that worked out.

--- 帖子 #138 ---
I am more interested in the AUDUSD long setup. Looks very sweet. 61.8 level is also near the Daily Pivot Point and the 50MA. Remember, the trade is only valid if the 61.8 level is tested and you see stochs hooking up.

The thing I like about trading off the hourly is that you can look at potential trades and only look at the screen at the end of every hour.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
I have 61.8 @ 99.76 and 78.6 @ 100.01. The USDJPY has been producing a lot of ABCD setups lately.

--- 帖子 #140 ---
This is a geat set up.  Thank you for sharing.  I would be interested in any others you have as well.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Thanks for the Aussie setup Daz, I'm on that one as well.

--- 帖子 #142 ---
I am a bit disappointed missing the GJ trade.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Someone mentioned the zigzag indicator earlier on. Yes, I do believe it can help you spot the waves. Just use it as training wheels until you build up some confidence to spot the waves without the help of indicators.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
I had the GB/JPY fibo setup, was asleep at the wheel as well.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
HI daz iam little confused why did not select green candle at 12am  between24 march and 25 march and another red candle at 35 march 7 am both  are higher high why did you took at 400 am for pointA. PLEASE REPLY ME SOON

THANKU

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Mate if you look at the posts made before, you will see I did enter the one at 12:00am. I missed the other one because I was finished trading for the day.

I do miss some setups. Like right now, I missed the GBPJPY trade.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
hi..

can i user Heikin-Ashi candlesticks to determaine Swing Low & Swing High to draw Fibo line...

--- 帖子 #148 ---
I missed a nice entry on EUR/JPY earlier - Daz, just so i'm sure, does a close below/above the 78.6 disqualify a setup?

USD/JPY and GBP/JPY looking likely contenders so far this morning.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
I've been trading this system for a few days on a live account (micro-lots).

Very impressive and consistent.

Thanks Daz.

--- 帖子 #150 ---
I crashed n'burned trying to work off the 15 min yesterday so it's only the 1hr from here on for me.

Like Chow,  I see USD/JPY and GBP/JPY as contenders this morning.

I'm also watching EUR/AUD, USD/CHF, AUD/JPY, EUR/USD.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
that USDJPY trade should happen soon.  i'm confirming with GBPJPY.

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Remember, sometimes every target won't get hit, which is why you should take profits at different levels.

I am looking at EURJPY closely.

--- 帖子 #153 ---
..interesting, doesn't GBP/USD or USD/JPY lead GBP/JPY as their derivative?

--- 帖子 #154 ---
If it closes a few pips short or a few pips above of a fib level, you might get away with it. But to start with I would recommend you only take the ones that do test and close below the levels, or the ones that are a few pips short.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #155 ---
GJ confirmed UJ so i'm short UJ at 99.45.  I waited for my 15 min trendline close to confirm the move as well and that did confirm on UJ and GJ.  I use a few carry pairs for confirmation of each other.

we're also in a nice 1 hr channel here on the UJ hitting the top of channel around 99.5.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Hopefully a sweet entry for you there  Would you mind posting your 15min trendline break? - can't seem to find a break short yet on the 15min charts i'm using.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
this is a 5min chart but the close of the 15 min candle falls out of this trendline. also the GJ falls out of its channel as well at the same time.

Edit: if we close above that little resistance trendline i'll close for a 22 pip loss and wait for re entry.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Ah, i see. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
I don't see yet any bearish candle sign on UJ nor GJ 1H. Also where are you drawing your fibs from on GJ? The highest swing high at 201.02 which was valid also for the first retracement ?

--- 帖子 #160 ---
http://forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=69499

--- 帖子 #161 ---
horses for courses.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Am I missing something?

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Do I see it correctly?

--- 帖子 #164 ---
our hold up on UJ is mainly EJ and AJ from what i can see. S&P is also making us wait but has just put in a reversal. Euro speakers are causing players to buy up EJ which is propping up UJ.

Edit: EJ is really moving the market today. Notice how EU and UJ move in the same direction. This UJ short is going to be a slow grind trade until S&P gives up and sells off to its channel lows.

Edit: S&P broke highs.  it seems to be moving up off a 4hr trendline but looks overdone and IMO should move down soon.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
...just taken the long on EUR/GBP. Wanted to work this pair for a while and until now haven't been comfortable with the tools in the bag. Thanks again Daz.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Hawkish comments from Trichet again today.  It seems as though he doesn't care how strong the Euro gets.  He says he wants a strong USD but that is only because he is getting increased inflation.  He wants to have his cake and eat it too.  Strong Euro and Weak USD.  Major banks are buying USD's right now as a value price and for speculation.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Hey Daz, what do you think about this setup on Usd Jpy? To me it looks pretty good. Retracement to 61%, reversal candle, stoch bearish cross, pair is under the 200 sma - blue and under daily pivot -green.

I entered short at 99.30 with stop at 99.90 above the retracement.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Daz,

I did not mean to hijack your thread.

S&P is coming down (sigh of relief)

Edit: 15 min TD lines updated.  always move the Right edge to the newer wick to be safe on entries.  Only enter on a 15 minute close breach.  As this channel develops the prospects of a short breach increase in value.  If we see a break South it will be safer now that we have created a more robust channel.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
CBI report hurting this trade - i need to sharpen up

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Remember, after confirmation candle, you enter when price reaches the 5SMA or above. So based on that, your entry should have been around 99.45-99.50. This way, you will have a tighter stop.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
No problem mate. Your posts will only add value to this thread.

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Daz,

your entries are excellent.  i've been looking for a way to get in before my 15min td line breaks.  today i was able to confirm with td break and still enter S UJ at a reasonable price.

i'm worried about this trade now due to Speaker in 15 minutes at 8:15 EST.  Then GDP/employment claims at 8:30EST.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
I am worried about the news as well. I was planning to move my stop to b/e 15mins before news, but didn't expect the last candle to close above the daily pivot.

Will wait a few mins and exit taking a few pips.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
I'd gone in at 99.49.

I managed to escape a beating 5 mins before news and bank a pip.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Very good reading, thanks. Rather 15 pips in pocket than being stopped  Btw will we consider re-entry at 78.6 if it stops there ?

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Good plan. I've just taken hits on both UJ and EG.

Edit: UJ close above 78.6, so now off shorts radar.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
It's only 3 pips ..

--- 帖子 #178 ---
...closed 12 pips higher on mine, plus i may have pulled the fib differently.

UJ 78.6 level @ 99.86 on my chart. 12-1pm candle closing at 99.98.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
EUR/GBP is looking a possible setup.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
...might make up for the roasting it gave me earlier

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Have to wait for the stochastics to show the trade, but its had the retracement.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Yes I agree.

Look how the 60ema on the 4hr chart has acted as strong support for over a month. Price has just touched that support line ...so is it ready to head up?

Waiting for stochs and 5ema signal on the 1hr.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Beats me Rob, haven't taken the trade yet. lol BTW, just read your blog, really enjoyed it. I've been looking to short the GBP/USD as well, it just hit the 61.8 on the daily. Just not sure when I should jump in.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Ok, just took the trade, stochastic turned positive.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
I take EG long too, be careful with the tech on 0.79, daily charts, is nice to see it! hehe

Jhon.

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Well I've gone long on the EUR/GBP. Will keep a very close eye on it though.

I got the analysis of Cable's bull move spot on. Trouble is, I never had the confidence/guts to ride it for the full 300 pips. Let's see whether it's done it's run up. Could actually look for a "Daz set-up" on the 4hr

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Did anyone take the USDCHF short signal (78.6%- 8:00am 1hr candle)? My friend brought this to my attention. He took 2 lots out at FE 61.8 just before the news. Still has one position.

EDIT: I took an AUDUSD long yesterday, my last target (FE 78.6) got hit at 0.9245. A very long CD wave.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
I didn't Daz.

I couldn't spot the start of that wave until you pointed it out.

The only wave start I could see was 1.0113.

Still need more practice catching waves!

Nice trade for your friend though!

I am up +18 on the EUR/GBP at least.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I didn't see that one Daz, but the EUR/GBP trade is working out great so far.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
would like to see this candle close above the Daily pivot.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
...and in the process of resetting again now (around the 61.8-78.6 zone of today's intraday fib), for the next leg up perhaps.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Its made a 61.8 retracement but the stochastics say its a no go, def putting it on my radar.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Good observation. Yes, 78.6 level looks good though, since there is a lot of support in that region.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Rob I wish i would have went with EURGBP.  Great impulse yesterday and great move today.  I'll keep an eye open next time that happens.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Yeah it's moving up nicely now. +31  ... and 20 bucks a pip on this pair.

Next challenge ...where to jump off

I also went short on cable 15 pips ago using a "Daz set-up" on the 4hr to trigger it.

Will see if my longer term analysis works out.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
I was hoping a test of the 79 area resistance.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Now that would be nice pips!

--- 帖子 #198 ---
On EURGBP, Target 1 (FE 50) at 0.7868 reached.

The AUDUSD is looking good (tested the 78.6 level). Current 1hr candle might test the low again, so still have a few hours before considering an entry.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Thanks, I was just going to ask about that one.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Thanks Daz.

I don't think I've got the fib extension levels sorted. I'm up 43 at the moment with 1 std lot. Would you take 50% off the table now and let the rest run? If so, what's the 2nd target on your chart?

(That'll teach me to sort my fibs extensions out for the next trade!!!)

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Hey Daz,Great thread.I'm in the eur/gbp as well. This one could go for some pips.The daily is showing a reversal candle as of now.    Tex

--- 帖子 #202 ---
..if you're using MT4 for charting, this is a Daz template i'm currently using. Might help you with the fib targets etc. Delete/ignore the MA's, as they're not part of Daz's method.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
The key Fib Expansion levels are FE 50, FE 61.8, FE 78.6 and FE 100

Mostly, I follow the Exit Strategy outlined in my first post. So, I split my position into 3 and take out my first one at FE 50 (if it is larger than the amount I risked) otherwise, at FE 61.8. I will take out the second position at the next FE level and move my stop to B/E. THe last lot will be taken off at the 3rd  FE level.

To answer your question, the second target is FE 61.8 = 0.7882

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Daz & Chow ...

Cheers guys. I appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Great thread!

You wrote you are trading for 4 years and that you only trade 6 pairs. Can you tell us what are those pairs?

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
I've a 'light' order in 2 pips (+ spread) above the inside hrly, to test a long from these levels, which isn't too far away from the 5SMA. Stoch beginning to hook.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Thanks for the compliments Xplorer.

I scratching my head trying to figure out where I mentioned the fact that I trade 6 pairs. Can you please direct me to that post? I may have favourite pairs, but I trade when I see a good opportunity regardless of the currency pair.

--- 帖子 #208 ---
...i think the confusion here arose from someone who posted which pairs he/she traded, thinking the question was directed at them, not yourself (Dazfx)....hmm that reads well, have another beer.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Interesting to note that USD/CAD has set up (Daz style) from it's 2 day swing highs/lows. GBP/USD looks to be moving along the same lines atm.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Sorry Daz. I am reading too many threads

Probably you never wrote that you trade only 6 pairs. My mistake.

Anyway, can you tell us what are those favourite pairs?

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Pipsforall ...well spotted and thanks for sharing. I hope you've banked some.

Daz ...thanks for the thread and sharing your experience.

I have to head out and have closed the whole trade for 41 pips.

I'm letting GBP/USD just run (currently up 66). That was a Daz entry off the 4 hr, using it as a trigger for my longer term sentiment of a bearish cable based on the weekly chart.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stochs never crossed, and hence no trade. Also, notice how that mini trendline breakout worked nicely, and how the price couldn't break the resistance at 0.9207.

Sorry about the trade though, I can see you might have got stopped out.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Anyone like the USD/JPY? Looks like the stachastic on the 4 hr is about to turnover.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
No worries - order wasn't filled and i cancelled on the break down.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
DazFX, great system, beautiful in its simplicity. Great to see that exit is also being addressed in such unambiguous fashion. Many thanks for sharing.

A few questions, if I may (in blue typeface):

[Edit] Q5. Could you give a ballpark idea as to what percentage of trades have been winners? (By a win, I mean a net positive gain across all three components of a trade).

Many thanks in advance for your answers.

David

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Hi David,

Its 12:33am here in the UK, but I will try my best to answer your questions.

1) The ideal setup is when the levels are touched to the pip, or when they are tested (candle close inside the levels). Then you have the setups where the candle is a few pips short of the levels. If you keep your AB waves short (4-10 candles) by moving to the appropriate TFs, you will be surprised at how often price respects these levels, especially when its moving with the longer term trend. Price could go beyond 78.6, but it should close below the level.

2) Yes, the hook up/down should happen either in the Confirmation Candle or the Entry Candle.

3) Looking back at my initial post, I can see I haven't made it very clear. Its Target 3.

4) When I first came up with this strategy, I moved stop to b/e upon hitting target 1. The problem with that is price will hit my entry point and continue moving in my direction taking out the other targets. This happens much frequently than price reversing at target 1.

5) 15/20 winning trades.  3/20 hit stop.   2/20 hit stop after hitting Target 1. All based on trades taken on the hourly time frame and mostly following the rules.

As you quite nicely said, this is just a ballpark idea, I don't want to mislead anyone.

Having said all this, the Entry, Exit rules are what I follow (My emotions do get the better of me sometimes) and not a requirement for this system to work effectively. I am sure there are better entry/exit strategies out there.

I hope I have answered your questions to your satisfaction.

-DAZ-

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Morning all ...

I'm looking at USD/JPY as a potential short.

- 61.8 fib breached

- stochs are trying to cross over

- current 1hr candle has crossed 5ema

- awaiting support at daily pivot to be broken

Any thoughts?

Rob

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Morning, yes i noticed UJ on the 4hr as a potential short today.

I'm still long EG from yesterday. 2 lots now closed (at FE 50 & 61.8) and the remainder at b/e.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Nice discipline on the EG trade Chow.

I did at least hold my GU trade overnight, up 108 ...(20 are thanks to the poor UK houses price news just out)

--- 帖子 #220 ---
An extra note on this. Some might be familiar with ozfx. He called short on this pair at midnight GMT. Stochs on the daily crossed over and pointing down.  This gives me a little more confidence of going short.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Your GU analysis playing out nicely, great trade.

I trade an auto strat using GU that enters off the 4hr, i switched the short 'engine' on a couple of days ago from the weekly/daily trend shift. I find the weekly stoch 5,3,3 indicates long/short bias quite well on GU.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Yes, GU is moving down well.

EG almost reached it's all time high. Are you still in?

UJ has crossed above 78.6 fib and stochs have uncrossed themselves.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Still in EG. Came within a couple of pips of the 3rd target. I've moved stops up now to lock in some profit on the final tranche...high prob of rejection here i suppose.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Does the breach of the 100% fib nullify the potential GJ short trade?

--- 帖子 #225 ---
due to news we have to consider a couple things. JPY is strong on HIGH CPI (edit) with employment concerns. UK is weak but has GDP and Current account out soon. These trends could reverse. Just looking at a GU 1hr chart it looks like GU needs a retrace long.

AUDUSD is at 76% of yesterday's move

S&P is at 50% retracement after a big end of day move down yesterday. should continue down on volume.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Thanks for the GU caution.

Watching AUD/USD

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Daz, many thanks for your prompt and comprehensive answers. Any system that yields around a 75% win rate and RR significantly > 1 has got to be very profitable. Congratulations.

David

--- 帖子 #228 ---
3rd target @ FE 78.6 hit (7902)

2 further tgts, FE100 @7927 and the 38.2 extension of the AB move @7943.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Chow ...Well traded! Congrats!

--- 帖子 #230 ---
First of all, thank you Daz for sharing this profitable system with all of us.Personally, you've provided an important trading weapon to add to any trader's arsenal.

I've always thought that Fibs had a lot to offer, but you've really cleared up a lot of issues w.r.t. Fibs for me (e.g. where to set anchor points,etc.)!

With regards to GU Daily chart,I'd appreciate your views on the following:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=195

Any corrections would be appreciated as well.

Hope you don't mind me posting this link, it just saves me from re-working the charts,etc.

Thanks again,

Wishing you many pips,

DS

--- 帖子 #231 ---
thanks for the encouragement, Rob.

...i'm monitoring GU, EU, UC, UJ, UCAD, EG, AU, EJ & GJ. Eyes being trained constantly to pick likely swing points, but nothing that promising short term, as far as I can see. Missed the EJ long, as the entry signalled while akip.

Would be interested to note what other pairs/crosses people find swing well.

EDIT: EUR/GBP long FE100 target in @7927. Decided to move stop on rest to just below the last hourly low, to limit the 'give back'. What a great strat. Like Doji Star, a few missing pieces of my own fib trading puzzle are now in place - thanks again Daz.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Interesting analysis DS, i'm biased short from the daily/weekly chart at the moment and will be watching the GU hrly Daz setup closely now, as it approaches it's fib decision zone, for a potential short....it's got a fair bit to do yet though before signalling!

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Great trade Chow! I was hoping for a 79 test, but I sold out yesterday, only had 1 lot going as I'm a fulltime student with not much trading ammo yet.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Thanks - flat now from the break south of the recent hrly inside candle. Looks like it may reset for another Daz long, perhaps not until early next week now though.

Wish i'd got into trading during my student days

--- 帖子 #235 ---
hey guys,

wat dou think of eur/jpy..almost testing .618 for now..

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Hi everyone,

I am looking at the EJ, and it looks excellent for a bounce off the 78.6 (with the daily pivot point and 50MA providing support at that level).

See how it pans out.

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Looks a nice clean chart for a long to set up from, some way to go yet of course, but it's the best contender on my watchlist atm. Several hours to go perhaps before considering an entry.....pace quickening, maybe not so long to wait.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Haha, I keep saying I wish I had started trading when I was in my middle school and high school days.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
I am watching that one as well, but so far the stochastics aren't cooperating.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Daz longs now void. Maybe the higher timeframe trend bias will push this down much further in the next week or so.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
no trade for me..seems to bearish..

--- 帖子 #242 ---
EU?

--- 帖子 #243 ---
I think the downside momentum looks too strong. Maybe its best to start Monday. I took an EJ long early based on this system, and it worked like a charm!! I love the low Risk High Reward trade setups this system gives. Simply awesome!!!

--- 帖子 #244 ---
A sweet trade...i saw it when i woke this am, which was a few hrs too late

Thankfully there are usually several setups to choose from across the pairs/crosses each day....so there's always a 'next time'.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Hmmm...I think you're spot on ChowClown!Thanks for your reply.

Just one question...if GU were to close as it is at the moment, would this maribozu that is currently forming be the candle to trigger a short in your opinion?

Posted another chart going the other way this time.

Thanks again

DS

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Good Evening to all,

Didn't have time to make any posts as I was on the move. Will try to answer some of the questions now.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #247 ---
If i were trading DazFx on GU daily, i'd want to see if today's close crossed the stoch(8,3,3). If it does, i'd then wait for a better short entry around the SMA(5).

I don't trade the daily TF, so this is just an off the top of my head suggestion

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Hi Doji Star (nice name btw),

About the GU Daily chart, if you have a bullish bias on GU you can target the FE 78.6 region (2.05 level).

But this is my take on the GU Daily.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Next week will be very important.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Yep, more price info and EU now off the buy list for now.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Hi DAZFX and fellow mates..

i've been following this thread seriously since 2  hours ago..

thanks to DAZ for sharing this amazing system!

can somebody comment on my practice chart!!

did i do it correctly?

would appreciate any comments!

pid

http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../310668858.jpg

http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../310672550.jpg

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Yes you got most of it right. But the retracements should only be 61.8 or 78.6 . If you put SL on a 50 retrace setup, you might get hit more often (like on your chart, when the candle almost touched).

--- 帖子 #252 ---
thanks mazdaz..

are u saying we shouldnt have taken the  position or the SL should be placed at the 61.8%?

PiD

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Looking at the GBP/USD, think it will make a 61.8 retracement and then go in for another short.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
hi pipsforall!

im still learning on the chart..

is this your idea?

pid
http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../310675617.jpg

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Yes pop, that is my thinking.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
definitely on my watchlist!!

thanks DAZ for the awesome  strategy!

PiD

--- 帖子 #257 ---
still got room for LONG to play..about 50pips!

hehehe..just kidding

PiD

--- 帖子 #258 ---
I am saying, its best to follow a system as it comes. So, according to the rules: 61.8 and 78.6 retrace only.

Just MHO

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Haha, its just on my radar, no guarantee it will retrace. But, that is the ABCD wave setup should it and the stochastic are in agreement with the trade.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
just sharing..no intention of creating something new..DAZFX system already perfecto!

my idea..

i reckon ema21 is the axis of price on tf30!

price will always comeback to ema21 after making a moved!

pls check the chart!

pid
http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../310684151.jpg

--- 帖子 #261 ---
hey pip ,

so do u mean d best entry wud be wen d price comes back to 21ema..just to hve tightest of stop loss

--- 帖子 #262 ---
no..
i wont change anything..DAZ already clarified..entry would be using sma5 with the aid stochastic 833..and that would be it..

my intention is..playing a long play on the retracement

just playin' nottie..

pid

--- 帖子 #263 ---
i hear u pid...but sometimes...drawing the fib line become really tricky eh...

--- 帖子 #264 ---
roger..study all the examples given by DAZ and others in this thread..

you will get the idea..

even myself...is not familiar with  fibo! i think..this is my 1st time drawing fibo!

learn..and like BAZ always said..patience is the KEY!

pid

--- 帖子 #265 ---
yeah just need to get hang of it...i saw ur charts and u hve all oz setups too..eh...so ur entry from now on wud be prcise

--- 帖子 #266 ---
hey pid.. i was wondering wat u think of the thread of 21EMA 30 min
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=76331

--- 帖子 #267 ---
i think im a little bit dizzy here

OZ(AC+AO)+BAZ(Ema)+DAZ(FIB)=$$$$$$$$

heheheh..

pid

--- 帖子 #268 ---
hei dude..

thanks so much..

i dunno about this thread!!

will look at it..ASAP

do u know any thread on ema60 on tf5??

pid

--- 帖子 #269 ---
hm..60 ema on t5 not really...but as per baz 60 ema is a really strong one on 30 min....wonder waz gonna hpn wen baz od and dazfx come together to make a trade ...i think theres gonna be an explosion of $$$$$$$

--- 帖子 #270 ---
price already comeback to ema 21,but stochastic is not showing SHORT position yet..price maybe going up until ema60 or fib61.8%  the retracemnet alone worth atleast 50+pips..phewwww..lovely!

pid
http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../310692690.jpg

--- 帖子 #271 ---
DAZ and everybody..  thanks so much for sharing this system..  on personal level..i love this system!  see u guys on monday!  PiD

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Hey PID  Look on the daily chart. You see nice 61.8 retrace (Doji candle) signaling a short based on this setup. Stoch is hooking down. Confirmation candle is a nice bear candle, but 5MA is somewhere at the 2.0000 level. So maybe that will be a good entry point for a short (this is on the daily, so if you are day trading, then use this level as a good resistance and find a better entry on the smaller timeframes.

My 2 cents

--- 帖子 #273 ---
hi,  where did u pull your swing high and low for this fibo coz am seeing something different. but your kind response will really be of help

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Naija, I was looking at this chart.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
thanks for the  tips mazdaz! will look into it!  pid

--- 帖子 #276 ---
wah, u also join here eh...

good setup for fibo....Dazfx....

i really enjoy reading your thread.

wanna master the fibo swing high, swing low....

keep it up.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
yes bujal..

learning never stop!

and with DAZFX great system..im sure..sooner many more will come here!

thanks DAZ!

pid

--- 帖子 #278 ---
in 2007 and 2006 we saw a tremendous improvement in ff

and now, people start learning of price action.

it means, people skilss become much much better.

so lets help Dazfx contribute to community....

cayok......

--- 帖子 #279 ---
hi daz.. I really like this thread , its teach me how to draw Fib.  pls correct my position in gj its ok to entry ?

--- 帖子 #280 ---
as expected..price cameback to ema60..before continuing DT!  all d best guys..  pid  http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../311083613.jpg

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Great thread and great stratedgy..

--- 帖子 #282 ---
pop,

what ema that u used....?

i use 5,9 20 and 50 (all ema)

Dazfx,

certain pair have certain behavior...

just want to know your advice,

can you explain....for each pair (from your observation), at what level are they bouncing back....

from my observation,and trying of about 1 month fibo

for GY,

if my pull of swing high and swing low is correct,

price is definately bounce back at level 161.8, 261.8 and 423.6

at that point, the stoch is at extreme high or extreme low.

i always put my sell limit or buy limit there (but it depends on stoch n rsi)

- but its on demo + some live....i just trying to familiarise it with me..

others that i look into is pivot level

--- 帖子 #283 ---
great system DAZ,

TP1 and TP2 achieved!

TP3 is on the way..

PID
http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../311095407.jpg

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Good Morning,

Cable headed towards 1.9980, then tanked down. 61.8 retrace.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Daz,

Good morning too (its 2am here)

Thank you for sharing such a system.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
GU

on the longer term(Daily)

still got more room to go down!

plot ema601 and u will see how price found support there on 20feb and 22Jan!

FYI,

on H4 price  already break ema601!

just my idea..

PiD

--- 帖子 #287 ---
morning DAZ,

how was your weekend?noticed ur on the road?

any other pairs on your radar?

pid

--- 帖子 #288 ---
GJ is getting to 61.8 retracement, although stoch is pointing down - bad signal.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
GJ has already done its retrace. Your Entry should have been the 2:00am GMT+1 candle.

If you miss a move, its best to wait for the next setup, because the risk/reward gets worser as the price goes in your direction.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Yeah, you are right.

Thanks.

BTW, do you offer some email signal service with this? Would you consider?

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Sorry mate, but I can't see the chart.

I see the wave is too large, if it was me, I would use the 4Hr timeframe for an entry. An ideal setup should consist 4-10 candles. The lower, the better.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Hi PID,

My weekend was great, how about yours? And I am still in Central London, won't be home till Wednesday.

I am in USDCHF and GBPUSD trades, but they are both about to hit my last target.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
daz, are u suggesting using the h4 for super active pairs like GJ and GC?  pid

--- 帖子 #294 ---
GJ / GC?

--- 帖子 #295 ---
I thought you were referring to USDJPY. But you have on display the USDCHF chart.

This is how I drew the fibs on the USDCHF pair.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you are just starting out, I wouldn't recommend this trade, because the Stoch hook occurred earlier.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
sorry mate..

GJ=gbpjpy

GC-gbpchf

pid

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Thanks Mate!

--- 帖子 #298 ---
No, I am suggesting only to move to a larger timeframe when the waves are too big. (ie, an AB wave with 20 candles on the hourly, will only be a wave with 5 candles on the 4Hr chart, and hence, you look for the entry signal on the 4hr.)

This is because, the waves are more accurate when they are small. Also remember, the length of time it takes AB to form is roughly how long it takes CD to form.

EDIT: The USDCHF is fully closed, just waiting for Target 3 on Cable. I think I will call it a day after this. Didn't expect to reach my daily target already. I will still look for setups and report here.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
ahhh..got it!

thanks daz!

pid

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Hi Daz,

Nice trade on the USDCHF just now, congrats!

I have been studying this approach all weekend....looking at your chart of this USDCHF trade, I understand the setup...retrace, confirmation candle and then entry candle.....but would lke to know how you determined your entry at .9970 as the 5SMA was well below this level.

The GU, GJ AND GC were also good overnight trades, unfortunately I was asleep!!

Thanks for sharing this KISS approach......more power to your elbow (as they say over here in N Ireland)!

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Hi all,

I was looking at USDCHF on 26 and 27 of march.

on 27, it retraced to 50fib, after the big drop on 26.

My question is, would we trade the retracement?

thank you for any help.

--- 帖子 #302 ---
u need to use fibo expansion... it will have 3 point to drag on...

hope this help

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Hi AT,

Yes, you have got the hang of it. Remember, when looking to short, either you enter on the 5SMA or even better, enter slightly higher (as the higher it goes, the tighter the stop loss gets). I was watching the 5-15mins charts on the entry candle, and placed a limit order at a round figure (open of previous 15min candle) and luckily it was hit before price went down.

EDIT: Cable Target 3 (1.9842) HIT!! Notice how price bounces off these Fib Expansion levels. Entry higher than 5SMA, as price is always likely to test the Daily Pivot.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Yap! Thanks!

--- 帖子 #305 ---
GU

final lot TP at 19853!

really worth it to follow this pair from friday!

chronology:
http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../310675617.jpg

http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../310684151.jpg

http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../310692690.jpg

http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../311083613.jpg

http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../311095407.jpg

--- 帖子 #306 ---
...what time do you usually get in front of your charts in the morning, Daz?

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Hi Daz

Thanks for the explanation of your entry in USDCHF this morning.... Good idea to use lower TFs to gauge entry level for better Stoploss and higher profits. I will keep this in mind for my future entries.

Regards,

AT

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Usually 5:00am GMT+1, but on Sundays I usually stay up all night (not trading though, unless I see a setup).

Btw, a very nice EURGBP trade that I might have forgotten to mention.  Don't have all my monitors (in a hotel), so I might miss some setups.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Mind if i join in ?

I like using Fibs myself and just found this thread.

I took a few trades today on GBP/USD, NZD/JPY and GBP/JPY all short using Fibs and other tools.

I've closed out my GBP/JPY at the middle prong and i'm letting NZD and GU run as they are both at 1:1 already.

Hope more people start using fibs. Folks are always leaving out the best stuff.

http://img2.freeimagehosting.net/uploads/e4051c2c76.jpg

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Hey Daz thanks a lot for the simple and very effective system. bro i a up around 700 pips on jpy pairs using just this simple system. may pips be with you all the time.

regards

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Hi Effi,

Good to see you here. Yes fibs are an excellent tool. Hope to see you here often, and good luck with the trades.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Hi All

Here is another sucessfull trade at USDCHF. Thanks Dazfx for sharing this trading system.

Dazfx, about risk reward calculation I am doing the relationship between Take Profit Targets 1,2,3 average and the initial Stop Loss. Do you agree with this?

Many thanks,

Pip

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Yes, you can just have one target at FE 78.6 (remember, the Entry/ Exit rules are what I follow, you can make your own rules).

EDIT: We might have the pullback on Cable (61.8[daily pivot] or 78.6 level).

--- 帖子 #314 ---
EUR/JPY looks a nice setup.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
is it for long or short setup.. & could u pls post a chart too...

i'm a newbie here... still trying to get a use of it...

--- 帖子 #316 ---
I think they are referring to this long below.

I'd be weary though, all the Yens are selling off (although in a correction right now), plus you're buying right across resistance.

Regards,

Fe

http://img2.freeimagehosting.net/uploads/56569dad91.jpg

--- 帖子 #317 ---
thanks effilang for the quickest feedback..

thats make me really curious when Xplorer said that..because i'm already close the EURJPY before news time... & get some green pips too while in short....

well ... thank a lot..

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Yes Effilang is right. The short setup on EJ on the 4hr is still playing out.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
It is a bit risky but I am hoping it retest the resistance above (orange line in the attached charts).

Anyway, you are probably right.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
I took both the UJ and EJ longs, and bailed out early on both after reading Effi's post - i must stick to my own analysis ...a very basic mistake.

I'm still in the U/CAD long though, entered just before the momentum picked up...a nice move off the SMA(5) at the turn of the hour.

Good luck with your EUR/JPY trade.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
MY EJ setup  Hope am getting this right.......

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Chowclown, yes stick to your own analysis. I also thought, the Yen pairs were selling off. This could be a mini retrace, in which case, still has room to go up.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
EJ looks to be setting up now?  could check my set-up and let's discuss about it

--- 帖子 #324 ---
aye, 'wheels within wheels'.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Those who went short on Cable (daily) will be smiling their way to the bank.

Remember, 61.8 retrace. The cable is playing out the ABCD move on the daily, so I will take every setup I get on the hourly.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
dazfx..

is this the correct way to draw fibo on GU as u mention earlier...

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Cheers Chow!

If we want to minimise losses I think that a more conservative approach should be taken as Effi and Daz said.

Missed the USD/CAD

Good luck on that one.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Agreed, i've got a long way to go on the more discretionary factors which make the strat really fly!

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Can somebody spot the EJ possible short that is forming?

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Hey Naija

Taking the long as far as i'm concerned would have been detrimental due to the near highs and all the yens selling off, you could hardly have pulled of a 1:1.

I'm just more inclined towards short trades right now and agree with you on a potential trade.

I'd really like to see the candle close under the green trend line though. Either way the current formation of the candle shows equal interest from both sellers and buyers, which answers to both arguments being held on the thread now; having those that want to sell and those that want to buy.

Plus the stochs still need time to catch up, they might hook down a little on this candle close.

The smart thing to do, is wait a little, which is what i'm doing, at least on this pair, as for GBP/USD i'm calling the taxi to the bank as per Dazfx

http://img2.freeimagehosting.net/uploads/de3b996c87.jpg

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Stuck with 1 Monitor, I have already missed 3 setups today.

Well done spotting that setup. Too bad it was late. I can see people are getting the hang of this. Hopefully, I can move on and share more advanced setups, which will get you closer to being an intuitive trader.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
I'm waiting for stoch to cross down. for possible short.... thanks, am also waiting

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Thank you very much Dazfx I admire your willing to help other ppl to be a discretionary Trader one day! Great Work! Keep it up!

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Suspect, I totally agree with you on that statement, excellent system Dazfx.

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Hello!

Dazfx, may I ask who's your broker? I found out that candles/bars may vary a little in some cases. (I go with North-finance)

--- 帖子 #336 ---
hey daz thanks for the contributions...will b looking forward to ur advanced setups..

--- 帖子 #337 ---
hi Dazfx ur system is very Good . I try on GJ and got green pips today..

what u think about EU this time .. need to confirm with stoch hook up, alright ? and wait a bullish candle to confirm.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Most of my funds are in Interactive Brokers and Dukascopy. But I have a couple of MT4 accounts; IBFX & Finex(Varengold). You should be fine as long as prices have a few pip difference.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
EURUSD is in a nice uptrend and you can see there were 2 small ABCD moves already. You might not get a good risk/reward setup as Stochs still haven't hooked up, and price may be too far up. And your profit taking zone is inside a major resistance. No doubt this is heading up though.

EDIT: Might want to keep an eye on USDCHF.

--- 帖子 #340 ---
...very generous offer, Daz. Looking forward to it

--- 帖子 #341 ---
count me in daz!

my idea

GU still on short play..i believe until it reach ema601 on daily!

pid

--- 帖子 #342 ---
guys anybody in oil and gold? same set up playing. u are the da man daz. thanks a lot for this system.

regards

--- 帖子 #343 ---
suspect, you post here many many 'setups' but most of them don't fill the basic condition of retracement being either 61.8 or 78.6. They are mostly 38.2 or 50.0. The 'anykind of retracement' setups can be found across all pairs every day but it doesn't mean i would trade them, nor they are according to the rules.

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Anyone else get in on the GBP/USD trade today, made some great pips! Thanks Daz!

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Nice one!

Not on GBP/USD for me yet, this latest surge of momentum will help set the Daz ducks up nicely though for a short off the hrly later, all being well....it's just sniffed 61.8 and backed off i think.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
EUR/USD testing resistance again....will it or won't it

--- 帖子 #347 ---
So who took the USDCHF short?

Remember, most of the times, USDCHF is the mirror image of EURUSD.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
GBPUSD already touched 78.6 Fib line. Let's see what happen in the next bars... perhaps we will have another short setup.

Have a nice day!!

Pip

--- 帖子 #349 ---
...a stormer! Thanks for the headsup Daz . At the time, i was a tad dubious about the strength for a down move from the position of the stoch, but how it has paid out!!...all the targets i'd set for the trade blown away within minutes.

Here's where I pulled the fib for the move.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
yes,

price is now at ema60 - resistant!

but looking at EU latest swing hi -Uptrend...

im cautious..

pid

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Yes, on closer watch now for the next couple of hours....a bit more work to do before she signals

--- 帖子 #352 ---
EUR/JPY Anyone?

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Yes suspect. It did retrace at the 61.8 level. Take a look at ChowClown's chart.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
I prefer the look of shorting EJ than GU now

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Yes me too.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Yes, take the one with the best R:R ratio.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
The EJ short is looking really good right now.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
How can you shift the chart so far? Looked for Settings but haven´t find yet..

--- 帖子 #359 ---
you're not in already, are you?

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Yep, playing ball nicely so far - another thing i like Daz's strat, is that the best set ups seem to jump from the chart as price nears an entry....if we get an inside doji on the hour, a break a couple of pips below will likely coincide with the SMA(5) too....marvellous.

--- 帖子 #361 ---
How does everyone feel about creating a live trading group based on this system?

--- 帖子 #362 ---
...you can move the downward facing diamond ('Chart Shift') at the top of the chart area to the left.

Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
i've been lurking around this thread from the start.

it's been great, and i would certainly agree with a live group where all can share their views / and we may not miss out on good moves like today.

this would be a great system for sure.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
....apologies in advance for my ignorance of 'live groups'. What does it involve?

--- 帖子 #365 ---
tradingrooms.com is suited for it.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Interesting thread, does sb think about make ea for it ?

--- 帖子 #367 ---
That sounds good to me. Some of the other systems here use that site as well. I think it's a great idea sharing trade ideas in a live environment.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
...aren't we live now?...what are the benefits of live groups over and above threads like this?....i guess i need to know more about live groups.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
You got synchronous communication compared to asynchronous here. Synchronous means basically chat, e.g. you don't wait for the answer. Asynchronous is for example e-mail, forum, etc. In a rapid changing environment like forex, sometimes minutes or even seconds make the difference.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Great idea, but perhaps we should have an approval from Dazfx first.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
It's just an idea. If there are enough participants we can help each other out so we don't make any potential moves. Having live feeds makes a whole lot of difference in this market.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
ah, i see, clearly an advantage then - i'd be happy to tag along, if that's where things progress.

...within a few pips of entering EJ short now.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
I'm in the EJ short, its a wild one. lol I would be up for a live chatroom. I miss 99% of the moves out there.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
I'm in too but I used 15Min chart to enter.

If it's ok with DAZ we can start the live room.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
I agree wouldn't do it with Daz's ok.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Sure Rumba, if it helps, I will look into starting a live room, when I get the time.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
As long as Daz agrees count me in.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
USDCHF

possible re-short now?

pls comment

Note:

Fibo is ontf1h,but im looking at tf30min..

http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../311168811.jpg

--- 帖子 #379 ---
I would wait for the stoch cross over (1h) before entering.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Hi DAZfx

I like your beautiful strategie.

What is the correct setting for the Stochastic Oscillator (8,3,3)?

"close/close"   or "high/low" ?

"simple" or "exponential"  ?

Thanks,

Joe82

--- 帖子 #381 ---
EUR/JPY looking good, also entered a short on the USD/JPY

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Usd/chf looks realy good at the 1H, but stoch needs to cross

--- 帖子 #383 ---
I know how to change my fib settings(parameters), I am, just not sure about correct numbers to put in for LEVELS.

Can someone help me out ?

--- 帖子 #384 ---
saw it too but back-out due to the same reason u gave, though went down but good to stick by rules, there will alwayz be several opportunities next time.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
FE 0.618 as target 1

FE 0.786 AS TARGET 2

FE 1.00 AS TARGET 3

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Bro, it can sometimes be FE50, 61.8 and 78.6!! I think, if you have made a decent profit (compared to how much you risked), then you take out one position at FE50.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
1. Are my fibs positioned correctly ?

2. It would probably be incorrect to enter this one, since stoch was crosing in the overbought area. Am I correct?

3. If you would enter, can you mark an entry point for me?

Thank you for helping!

--- 帖子 #388 ---
he bee, I m Learn with daz too, daz system said before :

1. add 5 SMA in ur chart ,and price should touch 5 sma or above/below 5 sma.

2. stoch must cross n hook down.

3. look 4 bearish candle reversal to confirm

4. if SL is to wide ,wait another setup.(better risk/reward 1:1.5)

5. always go with daily trand.

hope this help

--- 帖子 #389 ---
I saw that as well; hit its second target for 45pips here.

I think it will do us good to always alert the house when there is any possible trade setup.

u got this setup right IMHO

keep it up bro

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Is this how the cable setup looked or did I do it wrong?

--- 帖子 #391 ---
this is what i did and took a ride down.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
...anyone else catch USD/CAD long earlier?...i'm watching EUR/GBP closely atm for longs once the stoch comes into line.

EDIT: ...there may be a 123 long forming now on the 15min...looks to have made it's higher low, so this is giving me more confidence in a Daz long around the 1hr SMA(5) which will also coincide with a break of the hourly inside bar already printed.

Good luck all.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Hi ChowClown,

I entered in USDCAD today morning.

I am concern with the trade. I closed already 2/3 of my position at 61.6 and 78.6 Fibonacci projection levels but last price bar is too much close to SMA5 and Stochastic is changing direction down .... Are we seeing a reversal?

Have a nice day !!

Pip

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Bro, I am pretty sure you should have taken your first lot off at FE50. Second @ 61.8 and third @ 78.6. Because your first target is way higher than Stop loss, so you exit your first position at FE50.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Agreed, that's how i exited. An encouraging start to the day.

--- 帖子 #396 ---
[quote=ChowClown;1930849...i'm watching EUR/GBP closely atm for longs once the stoch comes into line.

EDIT: ...there may be a 123 long forming now on the 15min...looks to have made it's higher low, so this is giving me more confidence in a Daz long around the 1hr SMA(5) which will also coincide with a break of the hourly inside bar already printed.[/quote]

...OK so let's see if the 78.6 will support instead...

--- 帖子 #397 ---
EURGBP

on 30min,

ema21 already intersected ema60! indicate downtrend on smaller TF!

could  be reaching ema200 as well!!

who knows..

just my idea!

pid

--- 帖子 #398 ---
agreed, heading down towards last few day's former resistance area, which coincides with an hrly EMA(200).

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Mazdaz

Thank you for your opinion about how to setup profit targets.

I choose Target profits more agressive because we have a high range confirmation bar after enter the trade.  With my option I have a risk reward of 2.35. However in order to have a lower risk and to cash profits your approach is better (R.R of 1.67).

I am attaching a picture with the two options.

Have nice pips !!!

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Useful MMgnt sheet you have there, Pip. Will create something similar while the next trades set up.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
EJ short anyone?? See the setup?

GU should be put on the radar as well.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
good setup but stoch needs to cross!

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Ofcourse. Still not ready.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
maybe reached point of retracement..

waiting for next SHORT setup..

pid

http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../311301883.jpg

--- 帖子 #405 ---
EJ

on 30mins..looking very good setup for short!

what do u guys think on 30min?

has anybody experienced success on smaller tf?

pid
http://pic50.picturetrail.com/VOL400.../311304009.jpg

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Haven't tried 30mins, but on 15mins, there are loads of setups, but the success rate decreases.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Would this be a good setup ? I would enter on next candle after this one, which is just beeing formed, if this one remains bearish.

Also we need to wait for stoch to cross.

I'm just learning, so.... please help me out

--- 帖子 #408 ---
popisdead can you post your fib indicator that shows the profit target please? Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #409 ---
its standard FIB EXPANSION!  draw your FIB EX..and then use properties to rename the fib line!  pop

--- 帖子 #410 ---
I see some people are having trouble seting up a fib tool, hope this will help.

Right click the fib tool button - CUSTOMIZE - in the "available" list click on Fibonacci Expansion and - INSERT -. Now you have your tool available straight from main platform window.

Fibo properties:

Level    Description

1          100%  %$ (you actualy don't need this one)

0.786    78.6% %$

0.618    61.8   %$

Fibo Expansion properties:

Level    Description

0.5       T1 50%  %$

0.618    T2 61.8%  %$

0.786    T3 78.6%   %$

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Have my eye on GU, wondering if this fib might play out short...not an ideal setup though on the hrly, too many candles really, the 4hr looks better, although the stoch has much more work to do on that TF.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
18 Candles are many.. we should wait till it retrace.. could work cause of the downtrend..

--- 帖子 #413 ---
EJ has kissed us goodbye!! if this continues, EJ longterm trend might become bullish.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Well spotted. Hidden Bearish Divergence (trend continuation) as well.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Shooting Star is forming.. I wonder if it retraces..

--- 帖子 #416 ---
If this isn't bearish anymore, I will eat this post.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
we have an outside bar.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Entered short GU 9808 with 3 lots, targeting FE50, 61.8 and 78.6. Initial stoploss just above last swing high.

--- 帖子 #419 ---
I am going to let this confirmation candle play out as per the system. Even if this goes down, I have faith in the 5SMA, hopefully, it will get me into this move.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
yes, i jumped the gun on the entry this time

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Also entered. Reaching the third Target is becoming scarce.. setup a trailing stop.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
News in 30 mins. See how that goes.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
FYI,
http://www.forexpros.com/analysis/ma...ion---gmt-5674

--- 帖子 #424 ---
This is to early. Hope its a demo? though pin bar is forming, will wait for another 13mins to the end of the bar before i find entry.  Confirmation bar is forming!  Does this strategy works well during NY session regardless of Dow Jones trend position?  thanks

--- 帖子 #425 ---
It works on any session. I find more setups during Asia, when the market is quite.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
EUR/GBP is flirting with 61.8 retracement.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Entered at 1.9815!!

Guys, the power of 5SMA. LOL

--- 帖子 #428 ---
hiP4all,

can u pls share your chart for this..

at what tf  is it  flirting with??

pls advise

pid

--- 帖子 #429 ---
what do you think about aud/usd short on the 1h.

stoch crossed

--- 帖子 #430 ---
I think 4 hour.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
perfect setup but couldn't get in becoz of USD PMI news........

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Naijafx, no it's a live trade  I trade GU more than other pairs/crosses and discretionary elements, alongside the potential Daz short triggered my entry - apologies if this put others off.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
I got scared and got out

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Yes on the 4 hr. But haven't gotten a buy yet on the stochastic.

--- 帖子 #435 ---
That's how the GU setup should have been traded. Nice one Mazdaz.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
thanks bro!

looking for LONG setup..right?

pid

--- 帖子 #437 ---
You can easily do position sizing with this system, because all the targets and S/L are there in front of you. In this case, my stop loss was 60, so I only put in a position that if loses; only eats into 2% of my account.

If everything is pre-determined, there is nothing to be scared of.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Are you targeting FE 50 or FE 61.8?

THATS RIGHT B****** GO DOWN!!!! OH YEAH!!!

--- 帖子 #439 ---
so true...and i see it's hitting it's targets!! i'll get you next time gadget...next time!!

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Was this evaluated from the hourly or 4 hour?  I was confused by the confirmation candle having to close first but on the hourly it was already on the post-confirmation candle?

--- 帖子 #441 ---
i've just had 1 lot filled @50...the next @61.8 and the final lot @78.6.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
No mate, the big candle {11:00 GMT} that hit the daily pivot {1.9872} was the retrace candle. Then you had the confirmation candle in which Chowclown entered. Then you had the entry candle, which touched the 5SMA and shot down to the depths of hell.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
just took off 2/3 lots at 9755 on GU.  I like this system.   Now we need a live room.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
gr8 move..hope to ride it wid u next time

--- 帖子 #445 ---
You're absolutely right - I just looked back on my chart with the fib and expansion that I had plotted earlier and I did have my expansion anchored on that big one - so the one I was seeing in progress was only the confirmation and not entry.  I wasn't paying attention - just woke up.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Hi Thex, good to see you. This was the GU trade short, i entered slightly outside Daz rules, so apologies for any confusion.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Yeah I confused myself because after I drew the lines I looked and saw the big bearish almost-engulfing body and was thinking of that as the actual confirmation but I wasn't paying attention myself.

I'm still scalping around and always looking for new things so I ended up inevitably here.  The setups do jump out at you when they form when you're used to following a certain pair already and you know its capabilities.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
hi bro.. GU Daily with Power-horse Dazfx System.. amazing..

--- 帖子 #449 ---
On 1hr -->  9 winning trades  1 B/E due to news, and 0 losses.

On 15min --> 3 winning trades  0 B/E  2 losses.

On Daily --> 1 winning trade  0 B/E  0 losses.

Nice.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Hello Guyz;  I think it will do us good if we can have chatroom setup so that we can alert ourselves realtime on possible trade setup.  wot do u guyz think about this?

--- 帖子 #451 ---
I brought up this subject yesterday. See post #377. I couldn't agree with you more. But I think we have to wait for DAZ. It's his system after all.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Yes that would be great, DAZfx mentioned yesterday that he would set one up when he had time.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Do these setups get traded whenever they form or is there a session time constraint?  For instance I normally wouldn't touch cable during 12 hours a day from the last half of NY through Asia in previous methods.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Hello Guyz;  I think it will do us good if we can have chatroom setup so that we can alert ourselves realtime on possible trade setup.  wot do u guyz think about this?

--- 帖子 #455 ---
I want you guyz to give me a go aahead, i would create one in tradingrooms.com which i believe most of us are familiar with.

Just indicate your interest by posting and u are sure that it will be ready for trading before london session tomorrow and all the required settings and instruction will be posted here.

Am encouraged...

I want traders that started this thread when it was opened too to get involved, without their involvement, don't think i will create it.

But really, its effect will swell our bank account coz many trades opportunity will be spot.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
There is already a DAZ room in the private rooms. LOL

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Daz,

Would the current candle on the EUR/AUD on the 1hr have qualified for a good sell or not?  The Stochastic is up but it began retracing between the 61.8 and 78.6 range?

By the way thanks for sharing Daz

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Thanks for the response Mazdaz but how can we be an authorised member... I know that it was made private to 'filter' traders that will not contribute positively.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
yea.. but who has the password?

--- 帖子 #460 ---
So you say we´re excluded?

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Good Evening everyone,

Just got back after a long day out. I only had 1 trade today (long on USDCAD). I have setup a Private Room at Trading Rooms. The name of the room is:

DazFX Fibo Strategy.

Password is: abcd

I won't post the link for the chatroom here as its against forum rules.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #462 ---
No Suspect, I didn't give out the password to anyone. I just opened the room yesterday, but forgot to give out the password.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Hello Daz,

I will want to say big thank you for giving out this strategy, its very kind of you to have done so freely: May God bless you.

I raised the issue of converging at a point(chatroom) where possible trades will be discussed realtime, the response so far has been fantastic and it shows how hungry people are to learn and get better trading the method, But, one of the traders here made it know that there is already a private chatroom for you method...

Unfortunately, we couldn't get into the tradingroom because it has been passworded, so i'd seize this opportunity to ask if the room is created by u are created with your consent and would be grateful if you can give us the password so that we can learn how to trade in a pro way.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #464 ---
we enjoyed the little time spent with you at the chatroom. thanks for giving-out your time.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Setup EUR/AUD, Suggestions are welcome.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Entered Eur/Aud short at 7215 with T1 at .7161, T2 .7137 and T3 at .7109.  Does that sound right?  I'm learning the Daz system too.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Oh, just saw the chart you posted.  It wasn't there before.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Hello Daz , I want to say thanks to share your strategy whit us. I hope you always be succeed in your trading.

Can any boody directing me that how to login into the DAZ trading room (chat rooms) . Ican't find it.

Buy the way i gathered this strategy , thats the only i can do for DAZ.

Dedicating to DAZ

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Hi Daz,

I do not see people post up their thoughts in this thread anymore, where have they gone?

Can you direct us on how to log in to the trading room that you created?  I can't find it.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Fiborex, see post 462

--- 帖子 #471 ---
i always prefer forum rather than chatroom!

forum..everything is recorded for future reference!

pid

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Several trades appear to be setting up at the moment:

USD/CHF 4hr short

EUR/GBP 4hr Long

AUD/USD 4hr Long

EUR/USD 1hr short (way to go yet)

GBP/USD 1hr short (way to go yet)

Good luck all.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Potential set up on the EUR/GBP here guys ...

(I'm long)

It's stalled at some resistance right now so maybe better to wait until it clears it.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Hi Chow,

Some nice potential set-ups. I'm long EUR/GBP right now.

I just bailed out of a 36 hr short on EUR/USD. 3 lots @ 270 pips each. The current retracement got me scared and NFP (Edit - correction: ADP Nonfarm Employment Change) is out in a few hrs. Historically (last 4 months), NFP has moved EUR/USD price by 100-300 pips. I wouldn't like to be catching the sharp end of that falling knife

Rob

--- 帖子 #475 ---
thanks for sharing!!

GU on the h4,

its a long play based on ozfx approach!

maybe until the 61.8% fibo retrace..

just my idea

pid

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Sweet pips, Rob! NFP isn't until Friday btw

--- 帖子 #477 ---
You're right! It's not NFP. I'm still in a daze over the EUR trade

Sorry mate ..I meant ADP Nonfarm Employment Change
Bernanke's also chattering

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Morning all...

Any thoughts on this set up?

Currently in at 1.0120.

Cheers DT

--- 帖子 #479 ---
thank you for the tips. UJ could resume its uptrend after small retracement?

possible setup still on a very very early stage

--- 帖子 #480 ---
I'm hoping to trade this too, from the 4hr perspective, although using the 1hr SMA(5) for an entry on any pullback to that level.

Good luck m8.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Hi DT, have my eye on this one too, from the 4hr. I'll use the 1hr SMA(5) level as an entry area, if it gets there i'll drill down a few TFs to identify a suitable entry pattern.

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Thanks for the headsup Pipiolo.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Hi ChowClown,

Thanks for the reply.

I backed up my entry on the previous pinbar.

Just a  little  early  as  the  stochs  are  still  above the 80  level.

Cheers DT.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Looks nice DT.

The only thing I'd keep an eye out for is potential support by the 60ema on the 30 min which is just approaching (around 1.0085).

Additionally ...

Price is also below the 200 ema on the 1 day and 4 hr, and above the 200 ema on the 1 hr. Using TEB's WSS, this would also indicate a potential short.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Thanks for the info Priceaction, will do.

Have you any thoughts on the targets?, I appreciate its a longer term trade!

DT

--- 帖子 #486 ---
I'm still on the learning curve in that area DT and I had to get DAZ's advice on the same subject last week on a EUR/GBP trade.

I'd use DAZ's guidelines here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...15&postcount=1

and keep a close eye on other S & R levels and candles

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Hi Chow.

I m with you on this one. That's a good entry strategy.

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Thanks for that, I have T1 as 0.9930,  T2 0.9867,  T3 0.9786.

SL moved to BE.

Cheers DT

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Hrly GU short setting up nicely now.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
trading room is full.i can not join

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Good Afternoon,

Apologies to everyone unable to join the room. It seems that I can only get maximum 20 people into the private room. I will try and upgrade my package to accommodate more people.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #492 ---
looks it want to test support again, should we wait for the confirmation candle?

btw did you close your 3rd position on your GU short of yesterday?

--- 帖子 #493 ---
...yes, the confirmation candle is forming now (completing on the hour).

I closed yesterday's 3rd lot on the GU short just above the hourly inside candle that formed..never made it to T3 from there.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Wow, I can't get into my own room. Can someone please tell me how I can increase the number of participants (currently it is 20)?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #495 ---
hang on Daz I have told them in the room that you are locked out!

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Daz, i got out, so that you can get in.

quick get in!!

--- 帖子 #497 ---
try now Daz

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Ouch, too late. Are all the rooms limited to 20 users or is it just mine? I can't seem to find a page on their site that will let me increase the number of users.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Daz, Im out too

hope you get in

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Hey Daz,

Just like to give kudos for the strat.  Very interesting and i cant wait to have a proper play with it.  Anyway, i had a little time today and i entered GY.  I know i shouldn't have done but my hands got the better of me!!!  anyway, i'm up 37 pips with profit locked in.

Thanks man.

--- 帖子 #501 ---
only 19 in now Daz

--- 帖子 #502 ---
maybe cos its "private" ?

im not sure if there is a limit on Community Chat Rooms.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
let settle for forum..

1stly..everything is recorded for future reference

2ndly.. no limitation

3rdly..everybody increase their post #

4thly..dazfx  thread  will attract many more  people because the  number of viewers and replies  increase dramatically..

just my idea..

pid

--- 帖子 #504 ---
What is the DAZ's private room address (link) ?

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Hello,

Just wondering if anyone wants to play with this pattern indicator?

Found it here:  http://www.forex-tsd.com/indicators-...3-pattern.html

Not trying to change anything Daz, just trying to help with spotting quicker/easier corrections for us all.

As you will see it does have the options to select ABC patterns only.

Hope it helps.

DT.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
You need to download Tradingrooms at http://www.tradingrooms.com/Download/Download.aspx

then look at post No. 462

--- 帖子 #507 ---
GU is lining up for a possible hourly short confirmation again if the current candle is still bearish in 40minutes.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
less than 10 minutes to go and it seems that confirmation candle will close bearish. Maybe we should place the sell order a little closer to the 5' SMA?

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Yes, get the best R:R you can. Be careful though, Burntcake speaking soon.

--- 帖子 #510 ---
isnt that one of DAZ's rules: do not trade if news is within 30 minutes?

dont get burnt!

--- 帖子 #511 ---
the reason I say the above is that it took many candles to make the retracement for shorts and it seems it is an important support 1.9728 (fib start), the third target of yesterdays GU short could not be done and

R:R a bit low.

It also might form an opposite long setup, chart attached, look at the green fib

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Thanks ChowClown & Pipfox for the important reminder. Indeed BB King speaking in a short time :surprised

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Good observation. I'm not confident of any set ups at the moment. If in doubt, stay out. Off to do something else for a while, while BB speaks.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Here is a chart of a nice and fast USDJPY trade. Closed 15 minutes before Fed Chairman Bernanke Speak.

This week 5 trades, 5 wins!!  Very good!!  Thanks Daz!

Have a nice day!

Pip

--- 帖子 #515 ---
I've got this long uj too! Thanks a bunch DAZfx!

--- 帖子 #516 ---
I attached the search patterns indicator and do not see it doing anything. What should I be seeing?

--- 帖子 #517 ---
I keep an eye on a possible long setup on AUDUSD, need good confirmation candle and stochs heading north

--- 帖子 #518 ---
hi..

anybody seeing any potential setup??

the room is full..no more place for the rest of us..

pid

--- 帖子 #519 ---
thanks for the alert pipiolo..

you are  correct..the price is moving..but  the stoc is not comply with the rules..

maybe daz will let us know later..on the advanced setup!

pid

--- 帖子 #520 ---
we got strong move now

at tf30..price open above ema21!

good indication of long play!

pid

--- 帖子 #521 ---
what a fast move is doing, perhaps on these cases we should drop down to a smaller time frame, look at the stochs going up, attached a 30' chart for this toro

I am not taking it, indeed patience and good R:R is key for this business

--- 帖子 #522 ---
LOL we thought the same

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Hats off to you, for your discipline.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
hehe..i like 30min!

yes , RR is not good..

sma5 at confirmation candle is 9106

TP 1 = 9116

TP 2 = 9125

SL = 9084

i pass this setup!!

pid

--- 帖子 #525 ---
I can't wait for school to end so I can focus on this, damn finals coming up. Just felt like sharing my current frustration with the thread. lol

--- 帖子 #526 ---
The room is now moved to "Community Rooms".

Name: DazFX Fibo Strategy

Pass: none

Can have upto 200 members, so shouldn't be a problem anymore.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
cool.. i also thought that the "private" was causing the restrictions.

see u there mate..

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Great, thanks for the update.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
good luck with the finals.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Hi Steve50,

Sorry for the late reply, make sure you have the "Allow DLL imports" ticked under the "Common" tab on the indicator.

Cheers,

Doubletop.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Thanks for taking the time and effort to do this Daz.

It's great.

Rob

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Go for 'em!

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Thank you for the update, I will join you there later this evening

--- 帖子 #534 ---
DAZfx,

Thanks for sharing of your time and moving the room to a larger one.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Thanks Chow and Pipiolo, appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Please comment.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Apparently, this is an advanced setup that dazfx discussed in the room. 50% retrace and Bullish Hidden Divergence on the stochs to indicate continuation of trend. Looking forward to hearing more about this.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
hi.. mazdaz, i am not enter dazfx lounge, is dazfx change set up ? or new advance set up ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #539 ---
I did not take that setup because when stochs crossed up and sma price was too close to the first target making R:R not worth. Also some posters advised me that Bernake was about to speak and one of this system rules is not to trade near news events.

If all the above did not happened, maybe I would have dare to take the long as I would have been more interested in the bullish price action of that candle than in only a few pips for the retracement...

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Mate, your entry would have been at around 0.9095 with SL at 0.9081. The R:R was awesome. dazfx said in the room to look out for possible Long on AUDUSD, and longs on USDJPY and GBPJPY. All worked out, but I took AUDUSD and GBPJPY. Very happy for the way I ended the day, with the exception of a Cable trade which I jumped the gun, but closed for -12pips thanks to Mr Burn Uncle.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Radar on the Eur/usd pair

1hour time frame. It has retraced to 61%.  Maybe moving up in 1 or 2 more hours ?

--- 帖子 #542 ---
How would we interpret the divergence of cable hourly since yesterday? The last 3 highs of stoc and price have matched with higher highs, but the last 3 lows have contradicted and now stoc is not only lower low, but bottomed out.

What would our trend interpretation be or what cautions would we watch out for now in the upcoming trend for today?

I've become interested in this because after yesterday where everyone was looking for a short entry on hourly Cable, looking at the stoc vs price waves, they were in perfect sync for an up trend during the short signals we had. And price did go long instead of short.

And right now I can't figure out any bias - maybe that's a sign to stay out.

One possible translation but I don't know - there was a clear long bias with stoc and price agreeing early yesterday.  I did some research on divergences and in an up trend they compare the highs of the price to the highs of the oscillator to seek divergence.  We don't have that here, the highs match so we can say the up trend is still valid, plus we are now oversold so possible uptrend to come from that perspective too.

Regarding the contradicting lows, maybe it means there is a warning of a possible stall or reversal, but it keeps getting rejected by the highs lining up, then threatened again on the next low divergence, then rejected by the matching highs again, etc...so these lows are just warnings that don't come to fruition?

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Many thanks for your advice and glad you made good pips.

Yesterday I was following the hourly AUDUSD chart and considered the confirmation candle to be the bullish one that left me afterwards on 0.9110 for entry and too close to first target. Should we have considered a different confirmation candle or have  dropped down to 30 min to confirm an earlier entry?

Indeed on the 30 min TF the entry was very clear. Both 1h and 30' charts are on posts #518 & #522. Thank you again for any comments

--- 帖子 #544 ---
...have EJ on watch for longs...a few hours to go though. Can't access the room from where i'm trading today, so will update the thread with anything that might be setting up. Had a losing short earlier on swissy.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
EURUSD just tanked. So I guess we can't trade this now.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
...EUR/USD is off my radar for the time being, but EUR/JPY (EJ i was referring to in the post) is still in play around the 61.8 with stochs needing to hook etc.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
possible long setup on EJ but beware news in 10 minutes

--- 帖子 #548 ---
on 15 min SMA5at 15950

on 30min =15964

h1..is not confirmed yet!

let see..im in on tf30..for demo!!

pid

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Looks good pipolo

For some additional confirmation ...

Support from various emas on various timeframes has not been broken.

Stochs are turning up on 1hr

AC turned from red to green on 1hr

Last candle on 1hr was bullish

Price crossing 5 ema on 1 hr

If 60 ema on 30 min is broken, I will go long

NB Resistance from trendline on daily around 161

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Thank you for your input. That resistance around 161 will make more difficult target 3...

--- 帖子 #551 ---
great analysis again from  PA!

thanks dude..

hope baz will come here..and share his tought!

missed him much..

pid

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Good stuff PA,with this many reasons,you can go down to 5 min chart,and take the 60 ema break there for a better entry,but i am sure you must have made +40 pips anyway.

You are going to be a good trader.

baz

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Cheers PID.

Have learned a lot from Baz.

I hope it keeps on that way!

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Baz,

Thank you.

Learning a lot from good guys like you, Daz, TEB, OzFx & James 16. Also working hard to get rid of the typical bad habits.

I read that the asthma has been playing up.

I hope you get it under control and that we can discuss trading more.

Take it easy there.

Rob

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Baz & Daz. Nice names.    I am MazDA Z!!

60EMA on 5min is pretty much the same as 5SMA on 1Hr.

60m/5m= 12 * 5SMA = 60SMA. So just changing to EMA. Dazfx said something similar to do on 15min. To use the 21EMA.

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Hi mazdaz

thanks for pointing it out,but i have a different way of trding.

I look for a break of trend line in the direction of the trade,and then look for a retest of the  b/o point or the previous low,and more importantly will want to see the prices remain above the 200/60 ema on the 5 min,and to confirm the trade ,also to see the macd transit the zero line,and stay above.All this on the 5 min chart.

Slightly different,nor do i use Stochastics either.

Yes i think we should all get together and rename the thread to

MazDazBaz system sprinkled with a bit of OZFX !!!!

Take care and trade safe

baz

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Too many Zs for my liking. :

Zzzzz

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Yes ur right,but not best of health at the momment,cant Get to Sleep.But i am suprised ur up at this time of the night.

Anyway i went long the swissy,dont trade the asian session,but anything to take my mind of the ill health.

baz

--- 帖子 #559 ---
In a long trade on AUDUSD.

AUDUSD gave 2 long setups before, so will see how this one goes.

{78.6 retrace, and bullish confirmation candle}.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
BAZ, great to have u here buddy!  i hope u r OK now!  hei..what about me?? POPMASDAZBAZ!  pid

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Oh yeah!!

Target 3 about to hit on AUDUSD and EURJPY from yesterday!!

3 successful AUDUSD long trades in 3 consecutive days!!

--- 帖子 #562 ---
In another office now and won't be able to access the room.

Still in the UJ short with first target hit @ FE50. Took a 20 pip loss on the EJ short, which was an aggressive counter trend setup...small stakes so not too much damage done.

Have my eye on AU (hrly short), a bit to do yet.

Edit: AU short off watch list now. Last hourly close well above 76.8.

Edit: Just closed UJ short....counter trend, so have to be more sensitive to reversal price action.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Great trading MD.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
I update the DAZfx strategy. thanks to suspect.

If any one have suggestion (or Criteria) to make better this PDF dont hesitate and sent it to me.

yahoo ID : sara_forex

Skype : sara-fx

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Just out of curiosity, with 3 consecutive long setups working out on AUDUSD, shouldn't you be looking to long this pair?

TARGET 3 HIT ON AUDUSD WOOHOOO!!!

On EJ, I am still in on the long I took in the room from yesterday. Still Target 3 to hit (I might close early as Target 3 is near a strong resistance)

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Yes, i'll be taking any setup it gives in the direction of prevailing trend, but i'm willing to 'scalp' off any counter trend possibilities - you'll see i edited the post a while ago, when the AU short fell off watch due to the hrly close above the 76.8.

Fingers crossed on the EJ T3 for you

--- 帖子 #567 ---
enhorabuena (congratulations), well traded mazdaz!

--- 帖子 #568 ---
thanks for the update sara!  pid

--- 帖子 #569 ---
from this point of view seems EU wants to tests new highs during next week...

--- 帖子 #570 ---
hi.. EJ.. is waiting to cross..

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Could someone define EJ longterm trend? on weekly it was clearly in an uptrend, but for last few weeks seems to be ranging/or going down.

Dialy is hard to define also. What kind of H1 trades should we be looking for?

--- 帖子 #572 ---
I just wanted to quickly reply to this, in my own opinion, stay out of currency that its longterm trend is a bit difficult to ascertain and go for others that could be easily.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Would you agree that the time it takes to make a retracement to 61/72 has to be shorter than the time it took for our swing high to swing low?

What's your experience on that?

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Hopefully Daz will able to post the write-up for theADVANCED LEVEL within this week.

PiD

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Hi PiD,

I am working on the Advanced Rules & Setups. I will post here as soon as I've completed it.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Hi Daz

We are waiting to your Advance rules.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
This is a pretty sweet system!  If only I could stay up to trade it

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Here are the possible setup for today using DAZ set up. UCHF is still forming as the stoch hasn't crossed up while NZDUSD trade is on.Attached are the screenshots. Thanks to CC for updating in the tradingroom.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Hi Naijafx,

Thanks for the heads-up. I have taken the U/Chf but based upon the next biggest swing, since th one in your post retraced too far.

I have 2 questions :

1. The stochastic used in the Dazfx method, is it simple or exponential , isand is it close/close or low/high ?

2. I think the 'traffic lights' in your chart look good. What is the indicator and what is it showing . That is which MACD, and which EMA and what is STR?

Thanks,

Ian

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Hi Ian,

Mike kindly posted my chart to the thread as an update, so i guess i'd better answer the questions.

1/. I use the exponential and close/close, as a personal preference.

2/. Someone kindly gave a link to the traffic lights in the room the other day. I've attached it here for you....not sure i'll keep it on my template for much longer, it ends up confusing me more than helping to be honest, and isn't part of the strat anyway.

HTH

--- 帖子 #581 ---
My U/Chf trade is stopped out. Looking at it now, I see that it was really too long a swing to do on the 1Hr and should have been appraised on the 4Hr.

Only on the 4hr , the Stoch was not turning up - so it should have been a no trade.

I have since added the stoch (32,3,3) to show how the 4hr stoch (8,3,3) is looking.

Wiser but poorer,

Ian

--- 帖子 #582 ---
A handy tip, Ian. Thanks. Pls forgive my ignorance, could you explain why the other parameters of the stoch aren't transposed upwards too, so 32,12,12?

--- 帖子 #583 ---
To trade Daz technique successfully , I believe we need to strictly follow all the rule. Spotting the correct AB wave is the most important thing.  As for me, I always go with the daily trend and stochs have to be either at 20 or 80 barrier vincinity, not in the middle.  IF they do not have these characteristics, then I don't take the trade.

losing a trade is part of the game.  The important thing is manage your money right.  I am willing to risk 3% of my account.  So if you lose a trade, you would take much of a blow.

Keep practicing.  WE need to make this thread stay alive.

As of right now, I have spotted 3 potential setups.  They all agree with the daily trend and stochs are in the desired vincinity for us to make an entry.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Hi CC,

I didn't look closely enough at this. It just matched the 8,3,3 on the 4Hr at that point in time. I see now that they don't match that often, neither does the 32,12,12 on the 1Hr although it is closer.

I also tried an MTF Stoch on the 1hr set to represent the 4 hr, but that was also out.

So more investigation is required.

Ian

--- 帖子 #585 ---
lol Ian, your setting gave me added confidence with the CJ long trade earlier

Edit: T1 and T2 filled (+12 T1, +22 T2). Stop on remaining lots set to breakeven.

Edit: b/e stops filled.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Cable 4hr short setting up, just waiting for everything to line up.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
This system is great!  Daz we are excited about the advanced system.  Wish I could trade the London session more, but just have to take what NY can give me at this time.  Great group of traders in the room too!

--- 帖子 #588 ---
hey chow..cable seems to be bullish on daily...wat do u say..but weekly is bearish..

--- 帖子 #589 ---
hi rog, for me cable on the daily is still bearish until it makes it's next HH/HL stair step - simple, but it gives me something to hang my hat on

--- 帖子 #590 ---
...just posted a watch on EU hrly long, in the room...bit scrappy looking, but you never know

--- 帖子 #591 ---
suggested by wooley on TF1h

--- 帖子 #592 ---
OK, I have found out that the reason th MFT_Stoch didn't look like the 4Hr close/close.

ChowClown is correct in that using 32,12,12 on a 1Hr chart gives a better approximation to 8,3,3 on a 4Hr chart than does 32,3,3.

However there is a problem with using 4Hr charts or an MTF_stoch set for a 4Hr periond on a 1 hr chart. The problem is that ther are up to 4 possible 4Hr charts (due to the local time used for the chart) e.g. GMT, GMT+1, GMT+2, GMT+3 etc. I hate 4Hr charts for this reason, but it is much worse when you use a 4hr chart with an indicator which only uses the open or close (not so bad if it uses high and Low as well).

I think that this is the reason why somewhere on either Spudfyre's or TEB's thread, somebody suggested using 32,3,3 as a longer term confirmation of an 8,3,3.

It is interesting that althoug I have often seem systems using 5,3,3 or 8,3,3 or even 14,3,3, it is only the first parameter which has been changed - the %D and Smoothing always seem to be kept at 3.

I attach the MTF_Stoch indicator should anybody want to use it. Note that for this Dazfx system, from what I understand, you would place it on a 1hr chart and set the following:

Timeframe = 240 i.e. minutes

Kperiod = 8

MAMethod = 1      0=SMA, 1=EMA

Price = 1              0 = High/Low, 1= Close/Close

I hope this helps,

Ian

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Fantastic Ian, thanks v much  for your time and effort!

ATB and hope to see you in the room sometime.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
TY for posting mate.

But may I know what its for?

--- 帖子 #595 ---
still not sure how to use this effectively..

from the discussion on the room..

we'll see..

pid

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Hi Dazfx,

Looking forward to hearing about the advanced entry method for your system, hope to see you in the trading room soon.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
OK, i know my fib is off. but the EJ and PJ about to turn down. PINK is my 5SMA...NOW the stoch are above the 80 not crossed down...once it sets up...what would be the TPs on this PJ. thank you

OK...i did go back and i think i know the TPs...now the problem here for short is that there is a Phy level at 200.00 on PJ...that is before Tp1.  So this trade would be skipped...or just us smaller $$$per pip.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
GBPUSD 4hr perfect setup, still in trade! powerful system

--- 帖子 #599 ---
hi..

gj is good setup. D1 downtrend.stoch cross, price touch 5 sma,just wait 4 bearish candle reversal.

tq

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Hi mate,

Doesn't the AB wave have too many candles? Wouldn't you rather use 4Hr to reduce the candles?

Just my 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
I have no word but thanks to POWERHORSE DAZ SYSTEMS 141 PIPS WOW daz

--- 帖子 #602 ---
I agree with u mazdaz, but I dont open after reversal candlle . I put pending order at lower candle + spread + 1.

tq

--- 帖子 #603 ---
hi.. mazdaz, I really thanks to see price at 4hr time frame, its better than 1hr tf. n not to wide SL like D1 tf.n not to make false signal like 1hr. i think its suit  me

tq.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Yeah it looks pretty on the 4hr. I took the same trade based on 4hr setup.

SL at 201.90

Entry at 200.95

T1 already hit at 199.62

T2 already hit at 199.09

T3 at 198.34

Awesome RR trade.

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Hello Mazdaz,do u still trade daz on daily time frame? do u care to share insight to trades taken?Thanks

--- 帖子 #606 ---
good stuff mate..

excellent RR..

pid

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Hi!

Just to clarify, should the cross of stoch happen in 80+ and 20- area, or should it not?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
According to the rule, the cross must not happen in the OB or OS area.... join us in the tradingroom and see how we trade live

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Sup mate,

-------------------

Short

2) On the Stochastic Oscillator window, the fast stoch (blue line) has already crossed or is crossing the slow stoch (red dotted line) and hooking down. This cross should not happen in the oversold region (20 or below).

Long

2) On the Stochastic Oscillator window, the fast stoch (blue line) has already crossed or is crossing the slow stoch (red dotted line) and hooking up. This cross should not happen in the overbought region (80 or above).

-------------------

The above excerpt from the first post doesn't say 'No Hooks in OB and OS area'. Instead it says no cross in the OB region for Long, and no cross in the OS region for Short.

Then again, that is how I interpreted the initial post.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
As I understand it, I believe that the cross should not happen in the OB for long trade and in the OS for sell trade.  Just use the common sense, if it is already overbought, then there is no reason for people to buy it anymore, ( that is why they use the word overbought).  So it is a good signal for sell. And as I understand it, if you have a short setup and if stoch cross in the OB region , it is good to go in. The reverse is for OS with long setup.

correct me if I am wrong

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Technically and with common sense, mazdaz and fibrorex av just hit the nail on the head.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
...just taken by some of us in the room.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
hi chowclown.. is setup ok ? do u think D1 4 EGP/GBp is Uptren ?

why make short trade ?

tq.

bud

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Hi FXTL, if you look closely at the chart you might be able to spot that i'm using the daily stoch(5,3,3) for trend. It's short for EG and that's why i took the setup. I have to hang my hat on some definition of daily trend for Daz's setups and the 533 works for me atm. Hope to see you in the room.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
I didn't take the trade for same reason but seems they spot bearish daily trend on time. Good boy but seems might break trendline today to confirm short in play for me against 2moro.

Good trade! bravo

--- 帖子 #616 ---
I think its look good 4 short. only waiting bear candle rev, and stoch cross,

just wait

--- 帖子 #617 ---
another good r/r , only stoch waiting to cross n hook down

tq

bud

--- 帖子 #618 ---
hi..

usd/jpy(downtrend) looking 4 short n eu/jpy(side ways) looking 4 short at 4hr tf. good r/r . waiting stoch cross

edit :

usd/chf cancel . price retrace to many candle

--- 帖子 #619 ---
USDCHF..so far 40+pips

USDJPY 30+pips

EURAUD 40+pips

excellent day..
http://emoticons4u.com/cool/270.gif

pid

--- 帖子 #620 ---
ok..im out EURAUD (1 lot only)

1.7115

+68pips!
http://emoticons4u.com/cool/270.gif

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Is there a short setup on the EUR/CHF 4hr??

Ankur

--- 帖子 #622 ---
may anyone at attach the fibo indi for me please.....

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Hi Getright,

The Fib extension tool is not a special indicator, it is provided on almost all platforms  and charting packages. If you are using Metatrader, it is on the tool bar. Th icon for it is three parallel dotted lines,  with an upside down 'hockey stick ' and the letter F.

To use it click on it, then click on the oldest point oyou want to draw from, then click on the maximum of the pullback. This will then display two dotted lines, click anywher on the lines to select the tool  - this will show white dots on the lines. You can then click on a white dot and move the line where you want it.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Hello everyone,

just a dumb question

I see that you can have on charts the fib levels with the price indicated, like this: 1)

Mine is like that: 2)

I can't find the way to get 1) in fib properties.

Could you help me, please?

And thanks to you Dazfx for your system.

Birdy

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Hi Birdy,

To put the price on Fib retrace,ment or Fib expansion levels, you :

1. Click on the Fib line to select it.

2). Left click and then select Expansion Properties (say)

3). Go to tab Fibo Levels

4. Edit the Description filed of a level entry, after the description insert ' %$' but without the quotes.

Note that you can also add in new levels if you so wish by clicking on  the ADD.

5. The just click OK to finish and it is done - the Fib will show your modifications.

5

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Thanks a lot Ian,

two years I'm using MT4, and still don't know all these tricks!

Birdy

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Here is a link to a video form another great thread on Forex Factory, this might help you sort your fibonacci settings

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Anybody for GBP/JPY short on the 4 hr?  Just waiting for the stochs to hook down...

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Very healthy RR setup. I will put this under my radar.

But, I would think twice before making any medium term {4H} commitments with this pair. Because from a technical perspective, you have reversal candles {doji} on the daily and Stochs starting to hook up from the oversold region. 198.00/10 level has strong support.

However, you do have the Weekly inside bar and the current week's candle testing its low {strong support region}. Weekly --> bearish.

Pound is very weak atm, so that gives added confidence to go short upon a breach of the support.

Daily --> Indecisive

Weekly --> Bearish

Just my 2pips

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Long played out. I ended up taking this long as I was trading the hourly, so gave importance to the daily TF.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Left some 40+ pips on the table, but I am not complaining.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
My short Cable trade based on 4H is still in play.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Did this trade end up working out for you?  I looked at the weekly, daily and 4H last night and was thinking of shorting at 1.9930 region...and then I chickened out

--- 帖子 #633 ---
confused with the fib expansion how is it plotted?

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Hi Daz,

I just found this thread yesterday.  I'm a long time user of Fibs.  Your system is similar to DiNapoli's work in many ways.  He also uses multiple fib targets with great success.

I'd like to contribute a few of things, if you don't mind.

Try putting up the 88.6 Fib Retracement.  You'll find that those overshoots on the 78.6 are hitting the 88.6 to the pip.  The great majority of the time it'll be the wick that hits it, it's rare for the close to hit it.  In fact, it it closes at the 88.6, you're going to see it continue on it's way to the 100 retracement more often than not.

Different pairs have different characteristics when it comes to fibs.  For example, the GBP will hit the 127.2 expansion quite often while the Eur tends to turn around at the 100 expansion.  I imagine you've internalized this already.  For others, they should keep records of what pair does what, it is valuable information.

Finally, Fibs work across time as well.  You state that you prefer 4-10 bars for your setups.  The fib numbers of 5, 8, and 13 are worth looking at.  So that a retracement that seems to terminate on the 5th bar is probably the one.  However, I wouldn't bet any money just on this alone, but it's a nice addition to the confluence of events that lead to a setup.

Look at today's Eur hourly.  The high of 6018 to the low of 5968 is 8 bars, not counting the initial bar.  Then the next high 5997 is 3 bars, not counting the initial bar (and 3 is a fib number). The very next bar made the same high and then turned bearish.

Great work.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
What has happened to DAZfx,

has he been abducted by aliens?

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Hi all, everybody has been longing to see the return of Daz... I think we will see more of Daz by next week but in meantime, we should keep posting our entries on the thread.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #637 ---
hello all, l really love the job Daz started in here i am sure its gonna work for me but not if i get it well.

l have some little problems tring to understand this system. but first pardon my questions cos i am a newbie and i am eager to learn from masters in the house.

1 first my problem is that i have understood how to get point A and B using the fibonacci retracement my major problem is the getting the point C and D

2 2ndly talking of the fibonacci expansion, where do that come in is it from point B to point C?

3 How do we know our take profit targets?

l will realy appreciate if anybody can put me through on this while waiting for Daz return.......

thanks everybody

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Hi Everyone,

First of all, I am very sorry for not being active. I was in Dubai the past week on a very important meeting. I told my friend to inform everyone in the room.

I am back now, and hopefully, we can start from where we left off.

-Daz-

--- 帖子 #639 ---
welcome back DAZ!

great to see u here again!

pid

--- 帖子 #640 ---
welcome back Daz we have really missed you

hope u are back for buz.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Hi Dopey,

I really enjoyed reading your post. Yes I agree with you in that 88.6 is a good expansion level, and there are others such as 121.4 & 161.8 where certain currency pairs tend to attract. But I wanted levels which would work on almost every currency pair. I developed the system over a year ago with the existing rules, and I never really felt the need to change them. Remember, the Entry/Exit rules are just what I mostly follow, so you can use the ideal levels on different currency pairs.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Daz,

Its great to see you back.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Hi Marvostica,

1) You get CD when you plott the Fib Expansion from AB to C. Remember you're trading the CD wave (entry near C and exit near or at D).

2) FE is from A to B to C.

3) Important exit levels: FE 50.0, FE 61.8, FE 78.6 & FE 100.0

FE 50.0 is your 1st Target if Stop Loss to Entry is lower than Entry to FE 50.0. Otherwise, 1st Target is FE 61.8. Keep taking out your positions as you reach the higher FE levels.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #644 ---
thanks l think i am begining to get this thing right now

but still on the fib expansion from AB to C is it from the middle of the line AB or from point B to C

please just look at this AUS/USD on a 4Hr time frame l think l have known my point A, B and C. if i am to do my fib expansion l guess it should be from  point B to Point C or am l getting something wrong?????? bcos when i did the fib expansion from point B to C, i did not see my targets in my chart and when i cant see the target level, how do i get my exit piont.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
You should have called, I'm in Al Ain.  Oh well, next time.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
You are welcome Daz..... We have missed you

mike

--- 帖子 #647 ---
glad to have you back Daz.  Look forward to trading with you.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
I wish you had told me earlier you were visiting Dubai cause I live here. We could've met up and teach me in person. =(

Anyways, I am looking forward to your strategy and new developments since I also rely purely on fibs, S/R and Price Action. =)

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Hello Daz Traders,

Daz has promised to update his thread with two methods to be added to our trading arsenal.

I will keep my fingers crossed until he comes to unleash the dragon.

Stay blessed

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Hello fellow traders,

I know you will be dissapointed that Daz hasn't updated the thread as promised and couldn't turn-up in the room too. not too worry traders, i believe that the guy is having a little rest time and preparing for next week.

u will quite agree that the guy will need some rest after travelling for like 3weeks.

I believe we will see more of him this week.

expecting you in the room for a pipful week ahead.

thanks

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Is the thread dead? where is everyone?

jjk

--- 帖子 #652 ---
we meet daily at http://www.tradingrooms.com/

log onto DazFX Fibo Strategy in the community trading rooms

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Thanx noel

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Did well with euro/cad last night on first attempt.  Thanks Daz and others active on this thread.

Could the 50SMA (on the 1hr chart) be used to effectively indicate the trend? or is there a better way?

--- 帖子 #655 ---
This is where discretion comes to play. there av been serious conflict here....... i use simple break away from HH and LL combined with fibo and trendline.

But i think we should wait for Daz to tell us how he determines daily trend since he does better with this method.

My 100 naira contributions

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Thank you.

is 100 naira something like 2 cents?

--- 帖子 #657 ---
these are trade called at the trading room by 0:00gmt

thanks

--- 帖子 #658 ---
UJ  also in theory?

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Hi, Naijafx,

I though we needed to see a pullback to at least the 61.8%. Those 2 only seem to get to the 38.2%.

Confused,

Ian

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Hello Ian, those two trades were based on advanced entry....

Advanced entry rules are stated below

1. Pull back to 38 or 50 fibo area

2. confirmation candle formed at either of the fibo number

3. sma(5) to give u good entry

4. stoch has crossed as usual

5. hidden divergence seen on stoch(hidden divergence indicates trend continuation)

hope its clear sir

naijafx

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Hi All,

Haven't been visiting the room lately.

Wanted to post this screen shot for you to look at & let me know if this a valid setup.

Peace

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Hi denverdude,

Its too late now, but my thoughts are that I would have drawn the Fib from the high 4 candles before the one you chose. It would still met the critieria for a trade, since the pullback went to between the 61.8% and 76.8%.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Hello Everybody,

I am looking at GJ in 1H and I think this is a good set-up for a buy on next Monday. Price bounced off the 61.8 fib level and stoch has hooked up from below. I am looking for entry if price retraces and touch the 5 sma. What do you guys think about this, ahh?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Wow, not so fast. I moved to 4H timeframe and instead I found that GJ may yet retrace....Stoch is hooked and pointing down. So I may have to wait a while longer before thinking of buying.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Right Guys???

--- 帖子 #665 ---
DazFX,

We are all looking forward to seeing you back in the trading room next week.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
thanks naijafx 4 good information. I wish I could join chat room with all guys..

Question Naijafx, the confusing about this setup is how determine go Long or short. what should we see ? daily Tf ?.

thanks

bud

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Waoh! this has been a controversial issue almost everywhere, wot i have discovered is this, this system is very simple, it rocks and u have high probaility winning rate only if you determine the daily trend rigthly.

I have a system that i adopt for determining the daily trend, chowclown makes use of only the direction of the the 533 stoch on the dailytime frame to determine the daily trend

But i use something a bit diff...... I combine price action, trendline, fibo and stoch to determine my daily trend and i must say that am pleased with it.

attached are the charts of GU and GY that i used in nailing the daily trend last week.

I hope these helps.

thank

--- 帖子 #668 ---
great to hear that brother...

still got many to  learn from you..

is DAZ back  to the room yet?

pop

--- 帖子 #669 ---
The trading room software upgraded itself.

After that, I cannot see the DazFX trading room in the list.

Is this only for me or anyone else having this problem?

Peace

Edit: I can see the room now. No problem.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Hello.

For looking at the Daily trend, I used a Macd MTF indicator.

Here is the indicator
Attached File(s)   MACD-2.mq4

3 KB
|
532 downloads

Attached File(s)   MACD-2_MTF.mq4

5 KB
|
611 downloads

--- 帖子 #671 ---
thanks naijafx for clear explanation en ur chart is says lot of things. n thanks arhemsi for helps

--- 帖子 #672 ---
I love the thread and have some winning trades with it. I am no stranger to using and modifing fibs but I am having trouble understanding the way the target fib, CD wave is drawn. I am only aware of the fib tool having 2 connecting points. When highlighted, the nodes give you 3 handles to adjust it with though. So perhaps I don't understand all that's possible with the tool. In some cases I noticed the FE 100.00 is where the 138.0 ext of the AB wave would be. Could anyone that has complete a understanding of how to set the target fib give me a hand? I just need more detail when using MT4 how I can get a 3 point fib, if that's what being required. Thanks a lot fellow traders and looking forward to contributing with comments and charts, here and in the chat room.

A special thanks to Daz, Naijafx and some of the others here.

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Hi,

Use the Fib expansion tool under Insert>Fibonacci menu.

Its like the letter "V".

You place the left node at A, middle node at B and the right node at C.

It would give the extensions.

Hope this helps.

Peace

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Thanks alot, seems like you learn something new everyday in the forum. Really appreciate you taken the time!

--- 帖子 #675 ---
I LOVE THIS METHOD!!!

With discipline and the ability to correctly identify the daily trend, you can go far with this strategy.

Up almost 14% for the week. By far my best week considering I am very conservative.

--- 帖子 #676 ---
how are you identifying the daily trend for purposes of this strat?

--- 帖子 #677 ---
thanks alot pal you dont know how much i appreciate this info this is just where l have all my problems with the system

but i got it now thanks once more and not leaving Daz out big thanks to u all in the house

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Hello everybody,

this is just wot wish you all, a wonderful weekend.

remain blessed

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Many thanks Naijafx.

I wish you all a nice and blessed weekend.

Pip

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Hi to All,  this is a great forum on fibs, have been reading it for a while  and am wondering where Dazfx  has gone to, i was also wondering if he posted his advanced systems, but i can not seem to find them anywhere as i would love to read about them, as they would be grate like the rest of his work,any replys greatfuly appreciated, Thanks rtcw37

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Hello Ian, those two trades were based on advanced entry....  Advanced entry rules are stated below  1. Pull back to 38 or 50 fibo area 2. confirmation candle formed at either of the fibo number 3. sma(5) to give u good entry 4. stoch has crossed as usual 5. hidden divergence seen on stoch(hidden divergence indicates trend continuation)   hope its clear sir  naijafx

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Naijafx, Thanks for reply, where did he divulge about the 38% and 50% Fibs on the thread or how did you get them, Thanks rtcw37

--- 帖子 #683 ---
He stated the rules in the Trading Room.

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Hello, what is the oppionion of letting trades ride through the news.  I know the practice is to not enter a trade 15-30 mins before the trade but what if you are already in a trade for a few days and you have red news in between that time.  I just would like oppionions from people who have been trading this method and watching it through news events.

Thanks

Justin

--- 帖子 #685 ---
I normally let it ride if my I am in profit by say 20pips or more. Otherwise, I close the trade when it nears news time and price gets erratic. Although I let the trade run, I watch it carefully, and if I see the news was against me, and price is also moving against, I will simply close the trade with a few pips profit. Sometimes, I have locked in Target 1/2, at these times, I just let the trade run as my S/L would be at Break Even, so I won't be losing anything.

Hopefully, this should help clear some doubts.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Finally, I have gone to trading this system + James16 exclusively.

--- 帖子 #687 ---
hi mazdaz, congrats. Which timeframes _you_ use most with DAZfx system? thank you

edit: DAZfx showed us hourly and daily... you use those basically or prefer a shorter TF like 30 minutes?

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Thank You MazDaz it does help.

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Hello traders,

This is to inform us all that Daz room and thread will commence full operation from next week monday, as, I am now trading full time.

watch out for posts and trade taken.

thanks

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Hi,

Thx to Daz for share this system. I've been using 'same' method from other Threads here, only he use retracement at FE 50 retracement. This is very good idea with stochastic.This is what im looking for !! And i'd like to share my stochastic indicator with alarm, condition trigger alarm :

if both signal crossed for long or short, and if both signal bellow 80 and above 20.

And my script to open 3 position short/long:

Set extern Buy=true for long, false for short

Type PRICE for Stoploss, SELLTP1, SELLTP2, SELLTP3(Takeprofit) for short

Type PRICE for Stoploss, BUYTP1, BUYTP2, BUYTP3 for long.

Tick Allow live trading, and thats it. Copy script in yourmetatrader/experts/script and restart your metatrader.

While im posting i take short position Eur/Jpy. Lets see what happen....
http://img230.imageshack.us/img230/2061/eufl4.th.gif

Sorry for bad english.

Looking forward for this system...

Happy Trading.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Theres a bug according indicator pls change

(MainBuffer[0]<=80 && SignalBuffer[0]<=80 && MainBuffer[1]>=80 &&  SignalBuffer[1]>=20)  << this line

with this:

(MainBuffer[0]<=80 && SignalBuffer[0]<=80 && MainBuffer[1]>=80 &&  SignalBuffer[1]>=80)

Happy Trading ...

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Byens,

Can you fix the indicator and repost?

Many thanks.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Nice of you to revive this thread NaijaFx!! I will be joining the room soon as well. Just have 1 more exam before I can get back to full time trading. So far, I am very happy with this system. Not getting a lot of signals these days since I have limited screen time, but the signals that I get are pretty much bang on target. If you just exit at Target 1, you will get almost 95% success rate.

Just my 2c.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Hi, i repost fixed indi . Should be no problem now.

Script sometimes not working bcause when price moved, order not placed. So i just manually add more order somtimes.

Happy trading..

byens

--- 帖子 #695 ---
hey, great system, it looks very effective.  I just tried a few trades with it on a demo account - can anybody comment on these setups?  Both are short.

http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v3...F1/aud-jpy.png

http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v3...F1/usd-jpy.png

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Hi,

Improving the system. I show my setup. Combine with Bearish/Bulish Divergence, avoid false signal.

http://img114.imageshack.us/img114/5...3junbx2.th.gif

As soon as, signal bars ended, Stochastic alarm trigerred, check divergence, it shows strong bearish divergence. I took Open Sell limit @ SMA5, like dash preffered. Floating positive by now .

cheers,

byens

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Hi,

If anybody interested. I made Divergence Stochastic Oscilator. I can post here if anybody wants. Here is screenshot:

http://img211.imageshack.us/img211/3...sticig2.th.gif

Thx again to Dazfx for this wonderfull system, bcause my report is becoming green .

Peace

byens

--- 帖子 #698 ---
byens,

Please post your indicator.

Many thanks.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
That would be helpful, please post it

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Okay,

http://rapidshare.com/files/12259503...cator.zip.html

TimeFrime=0 for current period for Stochastic Divergence indicator.

v1.1 is MACD, V2.1 is OSMA all credit goes to FX5.

Cheers,

byens

--- 帖子 #701 ---
GUyz post recent trades with the systems (charts rulesss)

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Anyone see any setup?

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Hi,i have been in trading rooms, and am wondering wrere the Daz Fx Room has gone, Anyone able to Help?

Thanks rtcw37

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Hi everyone,

I've been reading diligently every post of this thread and have learned many good things. Thanks Daz for sharing your system and all others for your contributions.

I am almost done (by page 37 now), and don't recall coming across details about how you get your bias for your trading on a given day. I know that you get your trend from the daily. But, Q1: what exactly do you analyze to determine that you will seek to go long or short on a given day? Q2: Do you keep your bias for the whole trading session, or do you update it as the day progresses? And, if so, could you please elaborate?

It seems that looking for higher lows and higher highs for uptrends and lower lows and lower highs for downtrends works well when a trend is well established. But, clear and established trends don't seem to be present all the time. GBP/CHF today would be an example for me.

Thank you in advance for your help. Look forward to your replies.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
fxtl,

I notice in your charts that you have a MACD_H4 300 colored indicator. Would you mind sharing it here? Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Dazfx, or someone with experience using this strategy:

I would like clarification on the entry candle. Is it correct to say that with this strategy we enter on the second candle after point C has been established? The way I understand it, once point C is established, we wait for next candle to be a reversal candle, and then, on the subsequent candle we enter the trade provided that stoch are aligned properly.

Thank you in advance for your input. Regards.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
That is right Linalm.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
not a bad trade..for 30 minutes

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Could someone please tell me why there has only been one post since July 4, and if there is an active trading room?

--- 帖子 #710 ---
That is because most people just like hopping from one system to another. This system has totally increased my forex winnings, so hats off to DAZFX!!

Up until now, I just went about trading this system myself, and didn't have the free time to make posts and stay active in the forums due to the increased workload and the hectic University life. I will try to bring this thread alive now that I have more time to spare (Uni Summer Holidays).

--- 帖子 #711 ---
That would be nice, we still trade it when we see goo posibilities. keep it up mazdaz. we would join you when the thread is up again.

thanks

--- 帖子 #712 ---
One of the best systems ever seen on the forums

--- 帖子 #713 ---
This is to announce to all Daz traders that henceforth i shall be posting trades taken on the four major currencies as taken daily.

I must have missed a lot of people here too.

I will advice new traders to  read the first two pages of this thread as all the answer to any impeding questions will be found therein.

Hope others join too

Mike

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Good morning traders,

Dazfx method signal a long possible trade on USDJPY this morning. it was a trickish one, MT4 platform didn't give the confirmation candle rightly but oanda gave a contemporary bullish outside bar (CBUOB)

Dunno how to upload oanda chart.  presently, the trade is on +23pips. its adviceable to open multiple trades as adviced by daz but good to close one of them once 1;1.5 RR is achieved becoz the mkt is not too directional this days and the stop loss was amazingly low. 10pips

I forgot to add this, the method signal long based on advanced entry

1. pull back to 38.2

2. hidden bullish divergence spot on oscillator

Hope many traders will join soon.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
good day

the earlier trade achieved 1:1.5 risk reward easily before stop loss was hit at break even.

here is another possible long trade but waiting for stoch to hook up.

thanks

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Hi Naijafx,

Nice to see you in here again.

Spotted your trade and decided it was worth the risk so I took it!

Although the down leg was just a tad short of 61.8% I still decided it was worth the risk with a tight stop loss.

Just closed off at first target level.

Take care,

DT

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Hi all,

Currently in this one too, lets  see how it  progresses.

Cheers   DT

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Good

you acted very smart but u disregarded the simple rule of staying off the trade 15-30mins before the news.

The method gave another advanced entry, the bullish inside bar signalled long entry with bullish divergence on stochastic.

GU also signalled short but sl is too wide.

Good method!

back and live!

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Hello Naijafx,

Yes your quite correct re the news, but I did say (type!) tight stop loss on this one.

Cheers DT

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Hello Double-top

Good work bro.................... i wasn't comfortable with the large stop loss but am happy that u r in 1:1 now.

Many people left the forum becoz determining the daily trend was a big issue and very discretional, but i will advice anybody to make use of Higher high and  lower low with trendline to determine the daily trend.

am back as promised and we will get to see more action here.

All the trade spotted today were winners

thanks

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Great to see you and DT here!!!

I got a PM from a regular user of this method after I made the post yesterday. Apparently, he doesn't like the fact that I bought this thread alive.  He doesn't want a winning system exposed in a public forum.

--- 帖子 #722 ---
I second that. If you have the patience, and discipline to follow the system, you can go a long way with this.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Hi Mazdaz & Naijafx,

Thanks for reminding us all about this secret weapon.

Must admit its a real charmer, looked all over at other systems (havent we all) and keep returning to this one.

Interesting info re the PM thanks.

Currentlywatching thisone on the 15 mtf.

Cheers,

DT.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Check out EUR/JPY on the 4 hour.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Possible setup is forming on GU for short and UCHF for long on 1hr time frame, though still forming, but have high probabilities of giving a signal.

Remember all, these days, i move sl to break-even once i achieve 1:1 or 1:1.5 as the case maybe.

i think this GU short will be a continuation for those that went short earlier............

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Trend is down for USD/CHF. Why a long trade?

--- 帖子 #727 ---
hey guys which indicator is 'Double Top' used for drawing those lines from swing low till swing high?

--- 帖子 #728 ---
This is the problem with this system. if u don't get the accurate daily trend, u will keep losing and running away from this system as i have done before.

Take a look at the chart again on the daily, from left to right, its easier seen that the day is rallying up. plz use the higher high and lower low concept to define trend for the day.

Did u see where i put my resistance line.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
I do see that the trend is up since 7-16. Is a two week look back period enough time to see a trend?

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Am not surprise to see this arguement, this is wot made some of us to run initially..... it will alwayz be there! that's the only discretional thing about the system............ and it will seperate the losers from the winner.

Now, let's look at this again technically, the former lower high was broken on the 23rd of July. that signaled/confirmed up trend.

I have another daily method which am presently working on that signalled long when price was at 192 on the on the 17th of july. some old traders in this room are aware of that long signal

loophole, this is where differences will come, no doubt about that but am glad that the concept will still remain the same.

You see anything discretional will alwayz bring some arguement but i will advice that u adopt ur style of seeing the trend while i use wot the teacher teaches as seen in the second page but our acct size will alwayz sincerely tell us if our method adopted for trend determination is right.

Hope this explanation is simple enough. good to see you around.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Thx for helping me understand trend direction. I see what you are saying. I see that the last two weeks the trend is up and that before that the trend was down for a long time. So, the question is, is two weeks long enough to change what was a very long down trend to an up trend?

--- 帖子 #732 ---
two weeks is long enough to trade long on 1hr time frame to make money and when bearish bias resumes, we start looking for short.

The most important thing is to look for valid setup. thanks for your understanding.

really fx has humbled and broken me.

Ptournis. u r welcome!

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Got it. So what would be the minimum time period to look at

if trading the 4H, if a two week look back is ok when trading the 1H?

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Honestly, i don't know wot to say here but daz encourages to look for trend direction from 2 time frame up from the time frame u look for signals

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Hi Naijafx, i have been reading this thread for a while on and off,could you tell me where the Dazfx trading room has gone,i am finding it difficult to decifer trade entries at the 5 SMA is there any way you could recomend an indicator to help or could i enter at a 38% ratio of the reaction swing as i see this sometimes lines up together to give a signal.Any help would be appreciated, thanks Pat.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/quote.gif

5 SMA is just use to give good entries, price hovers round it and it acts as s/r..... 38.2% is wot we called advanced entry signal, for you to trade this, u must spot divergence with your stochastic.

I will not encourage tradingroom anymore cause it is one of the constraint to the development of this thread, traders now meet and discuss trade without posting here.

Maybe, a time can be fixed during the weekend where we can trade using simulator on live desktop to foster fast learning.

Hope u like the last option?

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Good day traders,

Just to add to our on-going discussion, YOU WILL NOT GET SIGNALS EVERYDAY ON THIS METHOD BUT WHEN THEY COME THEY ARE VERY RELIABLE.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Hello

GU just signal a short trade. attached is the chart

thanks

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Thanks for reply Naijafx,sounds like a good idea about simulator to help with learning,did the GBPUSD trade come good for you.Thanks PAT

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Thanks for reply Naijafx,sounds like a good idea about simulator to help with learning,did the GBPUSD trade come good for you.Thanks PAT

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Thanks for reply Naijafx,sounds like a good idea about simulator to help with learning,did the GBPUSD trade come good for you.Thanks PAT

--- 帖子 #742 ---
GU trade hit its 1st target a minute before the news after 3hrs struggle

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Hello, what do you think about looking for a confirmation candle on a smaller time frame. I've been looking at M15 and M5 to confirm my H1 trades, it seems that it gives us the oppurtunity for a much better entry. I just tried it on EUR/JPY (H1/M5).

Sorry if this subject has already been covered, I haven't read the entire thread yet.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Thanks for reply Naijafx,sounds like a good idea about simulator to help with learning,did the GBPUSD trade come good for you.Thanks PAT

--- 帖子 #745 ---
yeah, it can be done as well. this will give much more better entry with tight stop loss.

keep it up

--- 帖子 #746 ---
This looks good in formation. let's wait and see if it will give a clear signal.

Remember, the lower the time frame the less reliable signals are.

thanks

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Hello, Good day DAZ, God bless u for sharing this system to help people to make money.My God will continue to bless u,amen. Just want to beg u of one thing that u shd at least once in a while drop by please for more education.Just finished reading the thread and hope i will make money too. Thanks. Nerry

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Hi there !!!

How do I get the fibo to appear on my chart like the one shown on this thread ?

Thanks anyway.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
hi Syahmi, Am new to this system, to get the fib, go to insert on MT4, go down to fibonacci and there u see retracement. Try and locate swing high and low and plot the fib on it to get the retrace. Then go back to the same insert, fibonacci and there u pick up expansion.plot it on the chart to give u the targets lines. the retracement shd give AB While expansion shd give ABC. Never mind all those diff forms of fibs u are seeing else u confuse yourself. u must be able to determine the trend which has been the headache of many traders. As for me i hope to start making money using this great system.I have been able to spot some trades today UChf 1Hr,let see how UJ 4Hr goes, so i wish myself good luck and u too. Nerry.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Hello nelly, a picture says better. plz post your screen shot

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Hey people,  does it means this system do not work anymore or that u guys have gotten all what u all wanted. But still some can still come around at least to keep the thread going and to continue to teach the newbies if Daz is not around. Maybe this is what makes Daz himself to leave when he finds out that people are not ready to learn anymore or that they have gotten what they wanted. I know Daz still have more to share and wish he Daz can still come around. Thanks Daz. Nerry.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Nerry just to let u know that the absence of Daz hasn't stopped traders from posting. check the thread so see when last he posted.

If u have any question feel free to ask, if I can, i will and if I can't traders like CC, DT or mazdaz may offer help

and to other traders. keep posting!

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Check this out, this might be usefull for us.

Stochastic on chart mtf. Change to 8,3,3 stoch.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Hi byens, i must say thanks and hope u will always come around for more of this. Nerry.

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Hello people, Does it means no trade(s) was/were spotted today.if no why no chart on the thread? CC, Mazdaz, DT ,naijafx ,fxtl, popsidead, hey come on, what is happening? Nerry.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Chfjpy 4Hr profit at the three target levels, EY 4Hr profit at the three target levels, UJ 4Hr But took profit at FE 50.0 only (107.75) due to  strong dollars but planning re-entering at lower TF (don't know if am right on these trades). Hope am getting it and making money from it. Check this out.Thanks Nerry. trying to learn to post chart.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
i only monitor major and no setup yet but if u see any, just post it and people will follow suit.

Anytime any body spot a setup, it should be posted .

good spot on eurjpy. that is the mover for today.

well done!

--- 帖子 #758 ---
possible short on GU 15min time frame.

Good luck

Notice the confluence of reason for the trade call.

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Let see if our sell on GJ AND GU on 15M can bank us profits now. Thanks Nerry.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
I did a little tweaking of sl here.

Put my sl above the trendline.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
GU target 2 hit as well.  now on a free ride

I'd like to say something here.  15min entry is not as reliable as 1hr and 4hr entries.

if anybody spot a setup, such should be made notified.

thanks

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Hi naijafx,  Good trade call there, Pls what is the setting for the stoch, is it simple or exp and or close/close or high/low.Your profit taken is it manually or u set it at the various targets. thanks Nerry.

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Hello Nerry, the stoch setting is 833, the normal stoch setting. plz read the first post by daz for good understanding of the system. anyway, u risk 1% size of your acct, and split that into three trades. the first trade as its tgt set to tgt1 while the second trade has its set to tgt2. once tgt2 is met, u set the sl of trade 3 to b/e and let tgt 3 be met.

LOOK for possible trade on GCHF and EURGBP on 4hrs during asian session. I can see retracement on them now for possible trade continuation. the close of today's candle will give better idea.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
missed this one!

too bad

--- 帖子 #765 ---
missed this one!

too bad

--- 帖子 #766 ---
This is definitely an interesting way of looking at fibs and I have added it to my fib trading tool box, thanks DazFx...

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Hi

Do you think we should SELL this one ?

--- 帖子 #768 ---
EJ has produced excellent Daz results in recent times and price is once again in the 'value' zone. I'll be taking a break of the hrly inside candle/bar, short.

Good luck.

Edit: Stopped out EJ for 1% loss. Will re-enter short if given an opportunity. Took the EU short too at around the same time as EJ, which is restoring the balance of the loser.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Good spot Chowclown but plz always alert the traders when u spot good signals.

my advice to us, whenever we see several candle as impulsive wave at 1hr, this should give us a clue that a signal is forming in 4hr, it has happened severally, we should look for at most 10 candles set up.

we lost EJ on 1hr but setup is forming on 4hrs. EU setup is the advanced entry, it works with divergence spotted on stoch.

GU looks like a setup but not a textbook entry

thanks all

DAZ METHOD IS BACK TO STAY

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Hello naijafx,    I totally agree with u,if the impulse wave is more than 10 candles,it will be best to take a look at 4Hr. At last ,people started posting which is a good thing for us all. Chf/jpy 4Hr has been smiling at me since yesterday and this morning, AND PLS TAKE A LOOK AT IT NOW, hope a sell can come out of it. Thanks Daz.   Nerry.    I think i have a clue now on how to post chart, so let see if i can alert/contribute too in my next post.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
This is a nice mechanical system, and it has a lot going for it, fibs are powerful when applied correctly and with good money management.

Any coders out there interested in putting this together?, I can supply the zigzag tool no problem. Also pretty sure we can develop a trend indicator that we can use. I have a couple already in mind

Smalldog

--- 帖子 #772 ---
i will advice that we read these posts. daily, it will help us a lot

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...4&postcount=23
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...15&postcount=1
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...1&postcount=22
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...6&postcount=25
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...7&postcount=28

--- 帖子 #773 ---
EJ should be our next victim.

Can we all be taking our signal from same platform. i use alpari, donno know if u guyz will like such arrangement.

for the guy looking for EA for this method, ah! this is not a mechanical method but come to think of it, anything thinkable is programmable, rite? but haven't seen a FIBO based EA

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Hi everybody,

could you explain me how do you draw TP levels. I can't find how you draw it. I am only able to draw fib levels from point A to point B but not from point A to point B and to point C. Thanks

--- 帖子 #775 ---
hello,     http://www.forexfactory.com/images/attach/gif.gif http://www.forexfactory.com/images/attach/jpg.gif  Nerry.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Good work nerry.

The EJ trap didn't work out. if u check the daily EJ, u will notice a bullish divergence but am afraid the bull may not run for long as EJ is heading for all time hi region. strong resistance around 169.95.

Nevertheless, i keep looking for long, and keep my eye on 169.75 arena. i may be wrong

--- 帖子 #777 ---
wot a trade!

all the targets met.

--- 帖子 #778 ---
hey bobokus,

my fib teacher. nice seeing u here. i will need your contributions plz

thanks

--- 帖子 #779 ---
There were some nice trades today:

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Can anyone tell me how I can get the Fibonacci Retracements and Expansions to show price as well. (On the first page, last post, Daz has a graph that show retracement level @ price. and FE level @ price. How can I get that to show?

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Double click on your mt4 fib tool to get to its properties, then enter the following at the end of a description level:

@ %$

For example I have mine to display the following description at (1, 0.786, and 0.618 fib levels).

Swing Start (0.0) > %$

Stop Loss Zone (78.6) > %$

Entry Zone (61.8) > %$

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Hope somebody read this!

Eurjpy gave an advanced entry rule and tgt1 is 3pips away from being hit.

Advanced rule!

Look for impulsive wave(swing hi-lo)

wait for retracement to either 38.2 and 50.0

reversal candle on either of the fib ratio

spot divergence on stoch(the chart example gave hidden bullish divergence)

pull your trigger as usual

thanks

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Good morning all,

Just seen this potential set up, any thoughts?

Cheers DT

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Looks an A1 advanced setup, DT. Thanks for the heads-up  Good to see you around.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Hi DT,

Shouldn't it retrace to 61 fib at least? Or maybe you're just thinking ahead?

Worth watching this one at any rate.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
DT,

Sorry, forgot about the advanced setup!

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Also just seen this one too for USD_CHF lets see how this one runs.

Not in it yet just observing.

Hi CC thanks for the reply much appreciated and nice to see you back here too.

Yes attictrader you spotted it, advanced entry set up.

Chart below,

Take care,

DT.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
i want contribution as this regards from all.

Looking at the trend generally, seems we r going to experience trend change. i was just looking at it general, look at EJ, GU,EU......

i will advice we reduce our risk exposure and still trade our signal as usual.

Good call on UCAD and UCHF. am waiting for good entry using 5sma

CC,DT et al. contribution is needed here

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Looks another good value zone to add into (this latest uptrend). Hrly IB triggers useful here.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Thank you, Aad.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Certainly something to bear in mind and wouldn't be surprised to see retracements across the board. As long as the HHs/HLs or LHs/LLs stair steps are maintained, i'm happy to tag along.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
I took this one, but scratched it @ b/e based on the indecision within the last hour....i needed to see more momentum to hold any longer given proximity of overhead resistance.

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Hi CC,

Think you have made the right choice due to the bucket load of news releases coming out shortly.

Take care,

Cheers DT

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Tough day

whipsaw here and there, managed to get b/e on ucad and uchf. wow! we don't win everytime.

I think its good to wait maybe till monday NY session to see wot the daily trend will bring.

Just my idea. I might be wrong

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Better safe than sorry...

--- 帖子 #796 ---
that's the spirit bro.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Hi All,

Just logged on to find this set up from today finally hit its T1 target.

Gave me a 57pip gain

Take care all,

Nigel   (DT)

**PS    Didnt take the earlier USD_CHF

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Nice trade Doubletop.

Good to see you guys back on this thread.

--- 帖子 #799 ---
"Well held", DT!....came good in the end. Nice trade.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Cheers ChowClown,

Much appreciate your reply

Heres to wishing you and every one lots of pips!

Cheers Nigel   (DT)

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Waoh! you have the right mental attitude and quality trader's mindset.

lesson for us all.

good work bro.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Evening Naijafx and all,

When I manage to spot a potential "good set up" I tend to set and forget.

Lets face it the stop is in place and the target is mapped out too, so I dont see any reason to mess with it any further.

Just my thoughts

Looking forward to tomorrow!

Cheers,

DT.

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Hello everyone,

I have been following the discussions and have demo the strategy, it's awesome when the fib is drawn correctly and rules are adhere to. Naijafx, u seem to have this method under control, what's your percentages of win since Daz taught this strategy and do u trade it on the daily, or just 1H and 4H.

Gr8 trading and lots of pips to all.

Dejan

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Hey Dejan, thanks for the compliments.

Well the system had 7wins and 1loss over 8days now.

it rocks at every time frame but you must get the trend right.

15mins trading window                -> trade in the direction of hourly trend

1hr and 4hr trading windows        ->  trade in the direction of daily trend

daily trading windwo                  ->  trade in the direction of weekly trend

Hope this answer your question?

--- 帖子 #805 ---
To traders that have been calling for a view of this wonderful method on daily, attached is the daily charts displaying valid and invalid set-up as stated by daz rules.

Mazdaz is the specialist on this field. he has done more trades on daily than I do but we will signal alert once we get set-up on daily.

naijafx

--- 帖子 #806 ---
i came back late yestreday to see what has happened that i missed some good set-ups. kudos to DT and pls share some pips with me,nothing is too small. Thanks. Nerry.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Hello, Really like this sytem.I really don't know this pair that well and the spread is wide..The aud/nzd may have a set up before too long or it could continue up.It did however break a daily trendline to the downside around 8/04. Take care and have a good weekend.      Tex

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Ok, I've done enough posting.

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Hi!

Your system looks simple and powerfull, i like to attach some ideas

1., the power of the system multiplied by a big factor because nearly all cases on the chart you can see a forming cup and handle (or reverse cup and handle) when the forming CD line reached the point B, and as you take position at point C, you are overtaking the market, and getting early into position

2., as this is a discretional system, automatic backtesting is impossible

3., maybe for some beginners it's hard to find the correct AB impulsive waves, or the trend direction, don't wonder on this. When i was a beginner, it was hard to find the trend direction, currently i just blink one on the chart, and one on the higher timeframe, and i see the direction. so they need to practise more and more, if you can't find the correct AB line, or the correct trend direction, then you have to avoid trading, because your basic skills need to sharpen.

4., i like to find longer AB lines (longer means more bars), because on shorter lines the wick of the candle is very confusing, when it's breaking the fibo lines, and hard to decide to open position or not.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Good morning NerryE and all,

Nothing complicated to my approach, I just try to be particular in the impulsive A to B leg. I like to see a consistant climb/descent in the leg.

This has also been excellently pointed out by Naijafx re looking at alternate time frames and not trading against the higer time frames.

Also take particular notice of the use of the 5 sma with this system and dont enter trades on the wrong side of it.

Any questions please ask away

Cheers,

DT.

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Again in reply NerryE,

See atttached chart, very late entry using the 5 sma for confirmation.

Dont try this at Home  as I was trying to demonstrate what I was saying re the use of the 5 sma, fortunetlay I came out on top with this trade!

Naijafx sorry I didnt post this earlier as it was to help NerryE.

Cheers,

DT.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Hi,

I have a question: do you hold your position until it reach your 1.target or stop loss or do you exit before it when the market is too slow a moving sideways? Thanks

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Hello xkuba,

Yes when ever I enter its a win/loss scenario based on judgement to enter.

Let it run is what I am saying.

Cheers DT

--- 帖子 #814 ---
it's currently on usdjpy

--- 帖子 #815 ---
What an eventful week!

wot a promising week we've had!

wot a brighter future ahead!

in the midst of confusing and contradicting methods

in the midst of heart-aching erratic market

in the midst of never friendly but promising market

a succuor appear in

DAZ METHOD.

Have a blissful weekend

God bless you all

To everybody that have been posting

chowclown

Double-Top

Nerry

Aad

Noel et al

My love for you all is unquantifiable. u r all friends i have never met nor seen but have your picture engraven in my heart.

I love you all

Mike

--- 帖子 #816 ---
That's the right attitude DT

--- 帖子 #817 ---
. Hi DT, anyway thanks for that. Nerry.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Hi Mike, I must confess too to the above beautiful comments that indeed "in the midst of never friendly but promising market a succuor appears in DAZ METHOD.God Bless.  Nerry.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Yeah, this system looks very powerful. I've been trading Fibs for a while but on the bigger AB swings. I like Daz's method with the impulse waves - seems to be very accurate with tight stops.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
good day all,

there was a very funy setup on GU earlier today. the swing AB was 3candles with the gap and tgt1 and 2 was hit.......

I call it funny setup bcoz the swing AB minimum candle as required by daz should be 4.

the mkt is still trying to get its rythm. we are waiting patiently.

Mike

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Good trades for Daz traders as usual.

2 wins in a row....

Here is the screenshot of EURJPY that did well today

thanks

--- 帖子 #822 ---
May have  a set up .

--- 帖子 #823 ---
EURGBP hit its 3tgts for good pips.

EURCHF is on the search radar and might be the next victim.

seems GU 1hr is in formation but this looks trickish but will plunge-in in as much as we have a setup.

Green pips to us all

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Is anybody profitable using this system?

--- 帖子 #825 ---
here is another winner in GU.

How I wish i have known this method 3yrs ago.

EURCHF is still playing along, dancing around our trap.

lol

--- 帖子 #826 ---
hello noel

check your email

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Hi Naijafx,

You are getting some great trades with this method, it certainly is a very consistant method of trading.

Please keep posting your trades.

Noel.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Hello noel,

am committed to the course

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Look for long on EURCHF on daily time frame once price breaks through 5sma up

thanks

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Hello Trader,

This method have its setup formation anytime of the session in as much as we are trading in the direction of the trend.

As at the time i am typing TGT 1 is already met

Mike

--- 帖子 #831 ---
EURJPY

AUSD

where is CC,DT,MAZDAZ et al?

plz keep posting ur possible setup coz i do miss many as well

thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Hi Naijafx,

I have just finished reading the whole thread, it is a great thread, great method of trading that dazfx has shared with us all, i have been watching the aud/usd for a few hours too may be a short posibility soon.

you all are doing a great job keeping this thread alive, and now i have read it i will be visiting regularly.

One thing that puzzles me is normally when  a thread has broken down it is because others have taken it over and made changes to it or the market those some difficult time at those trying to trade the method and they loose money and quickly loose interest, but i just didn't see this with this thread, did anything like this happen in the trading room, and is daz still trading this system?

cheers and may the pips be with you

Geoff

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Possible setup on EURUSD 4h

--- 帖子 #834 ---
. Hi Mike,  I have not been able to trade and unable to post as well hopefully to join anytime from now. Kudos to u for keeping the thread going cos i have been reading and watching and find out that u just the only one posting. Good job there. Pls do not stop.Thanks. Nerry.

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Guyz i miss the following trades but they are in play, i was watching olympics and got my attention divided.

EURUSD 4hr

EURJPY 1hr all short

Thanks nerryE,

The successful traders have gotten an edge and most importantly they trust their edge.... Mike douglas.

People have their reasons for not posting and its OK but am doing good with it and will keep posting.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #836 ---
i will advice that stop loss be moved to breakeven on those trades while half is closed at 1:1 as they are presently. bcoz of the strong supports that have been broken for a long period.

EURCHF hasn't trigger on the daily

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Hi Geoffrod,

We haven't had DazFx around for sometime, not sure why. It's a great method with 'clean' waves....like any good method, having the patience to wait for the A1 setups to keep the win rate high, has perhaps reduced the interest of those initially attracted to the thread. The tradingroom was fine, but no more valuable than using the thread to post, imo.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Thanks Dejan. Nice hidden divergence on the stoch too.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Looking at AUSD 1hr chart, the retracement to 61.8 was a bullish reversal candle and as such we wait for a bearish reversal which just happened with bearish outside vertical bar but the R:R is not too good.

but I will only enter if i get retracement to sma5 to get good R:R

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Hey ChowClown,

Thanks for the reply mate,

Patients is the real key to this business i think, Jacko has been teaching me that.

I guess if people give a method a real shot, and pick the eyes out of the trade setups they will be successful. Which is probably the downside to a place like this, in that there is too much to distract people to other things.

Now on to the serious business, the aud/usd i have been watching,the 1 hr chart showed a pull back to the 786 then followed by a bearish engulfing candle, but the stocks haven't crossed as yet, when would you guys consider it too far gone to worry about when the stocs do cross.

cheers

geoff

--- 帖子 #841 ---
wow, it looks like easy to learn... i'll bookmark it

--- 帖子 #842 ---
...looks sweet as a nut, Mike. I'll be taking this one too.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Geoff, looks as though a few of us are waiting to pounce on the hrly AU, wait for a pullback to the SMA(5) and fill yer boots. Good hidden divergence on that one too. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Could you guys give me the targets for the aud please as my charting package(Dealbook360) doesn't do fib expansions

thanks in advance

geoff

--- 帖子 #845 ---
..sure:

50 = 8646

61.8 = 8623

78.6 = 8591

100 = 8550

...definitely worth installing metatrader for charting, if you haven't already

--- 帖子 #846 ---
thanks

so do you guys enter the market via a market order or do you set a limit order at the sma level and let it happen?

--- 帖子 #847 ---
i use a limit and move it around with the ma.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
anyone filled????

I read somewhere in the thread that the first target is filled 95% of the time, is this fact or opinion???

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Short now from 8698. I don't think Daz stated 95%...in fact i don't think anyone has posted formal test results to the thread yet.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Well, the result will never be the same. u can see the result yourselve from my post so far.

we posted even the ones we lost.

But am sure u will be successful if u take the trades according to the rules and make sure that your swing AB is ok and in line with the daily trend.

thanks

--- 帖子 #851 ---
The daily setup is yet to be triggered, I placed my PO at 1.6245 and it hasn't triggered, there is an upward trendline that is still holding and the trendline is a major factor here.

Stoch hasn't crossed 20 too. am still waiting for it to trigger.

Hope anybody is watching the daily too.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
EURJPY hit tgt1 at 77pips

EUSD HIT TGT1 at 60pips

AUSD just fall short its tgt1 by 10pips

congrats

Too much pips

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Hello all,

I have not been on this thread for a while, silly me. I have been doing the old flip flop of other systems with little success and its about time I came back to "old reliable". I was originally taught a very similar system to this but this one is a bit more reliable.

Geoffrod, I have dealbook 360 and have the fibs set up in a way which is very simple, slightly different to what most of these guys use, but gives good targets. If you want I can post the settings here for you.

Good to be back and my first fib trade in along while is nearing T1.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
udschf 1h

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Nice one, which pair are you in atm? I'd also be interested to see how you use fibs for targets.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
...which way, Dejan? Stoch look a bit iffy (to me). I'm eyeing up a 15min short 'scalp' there.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Don't be too hard on yourself, we've all been there before. i was away from this system 4months before I came back.

wot prompted my coming back, I tried all other system without success and i discovered that even trying other systems help to sharpen my fx skills.

My understabding of the market has grown exponentially and i must say big thank to my friends online that have helped me.

In this mkt I think its good to stick to a particular system and perfection will come overtime.

Another thing, we should watch for s/r and ensure that we don't leave any pips on the table. i hate losing a trade becos +50pips which is 5pips shy away from tgt hit s/r and thereby reversing.

This market needs some common sense, i move sl to b/e once 1tgt is hit. and let the other do the roaming. the mkt is dynamic hence we shd be up to date with wot is happening in the mkt

Mike

--- 帖子 #858 ---
aadjduk, plz post ur stuff here, we wonna learn seen that it will help us, yeah, we are hungry to learn.

CC, nice reading from you.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
I think we should all read this
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=153

I still read the thread again as new things come up in my mind reading all over again. and this has helped my trading as well

Hope am not boring you guyz with my thoughts

Mike

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Excellent point, Mike. I use the same approach. I'm not a big fan of scaling out at the FE levels, if i'm honest. I'll take b/e trades all day long if need be  I try to let winners run as long as possible with as much (£) in 'em as possible....having said this, the scaling out as per the rules would have been much better in the ranging period we went through earlier in the year.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Long ChowClown, hits the back of the trendline. Still observing the setup

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Thanks Mike,

I have learnt from the other systems, but this is less complicated. To the others who asked what I was on tonight. I picked up a few pips on the ej, but I was a bit late getting in. I have taken some pips and left the rest at breakeven or PT2.

I will post a chart (if I can remember how) with my FIBS on it, but not tonight. It is getting late in my part of Oz and I will hit the bed shortly.

Regards

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Could some one please tell me how to attach a dealbook 360 chart to this thread, at the moment the only way I think I can do it is by saving to an xcel spreadsheet which is not so good. There must be a way. Help please and I will post a chart tomorrow.

Good night

--- 帖子 #864 ---
..i usually just hit the "print screen" key on the keyboard to capture the chart. Paste the whole image into MS-Paint and then crop out the chart and save as a .gif file. You can then upload the file using "manage attachments" when you post.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Thanks Chowclown,

Will give it a go tomorrow some time, my eyes are hanging out. Need my beauty sleep.

Bye all.

--- 帖子 #866 ---
hi aajduk, that would be great if you could post your fib targets and how you set them up with dealbook,i would greatly appreciate it.

hey mike, hey cc, i woke this morning to see the aud/usd trade i was in made it to T1 and made me a nice 51pip profit, i am glad i wasn't greedy and only looked at T1. I would have been very disappointed otherwise.

cheers

geoff

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Hello traders,

Today, we had four trades in

AUSD

UCAD

EURJPY

EURUSD

and all had 1st tgt met, while other weren't met.

Wot does this indicate?

the prevailing trend is weakening!

thanks

--- 帖子 #868 ---
hey CC i knew i had read this on the thread, i wonder if mazdaz did any tye of analysis to come up with this????

cheers

geoff

--- 帖子 #869 ---
geoff, u just wanted somebody to help u build confidence on this system i guess. Look at my post earlier, 4 trades taken today, all met tgt 1.

That should give u an ideal,

Thanks

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Hi Mike,

Nah i had just remembered i had read it before, and had asked CC about it is all,

i am sure i will get confident in this method as time goes on, i was just wondering if being picky with the signals and only taking trades with a good risk reward ratio on the first target.

i guess i might not like seeing good trades get away but, if the success rate was good then it might not matter.

cheers

geoff

--- 帖子 #871 ---
The most important thing is to trade along the daily trend.

Thanks bro

--- 帖子 #872 ---
ah yes the subjective discretionary part of the method, the trend determination.

i like jackos description of how to determine a trend, prety basic, even a child can do it, preferably.

cheers mate

geoff

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Hey, quick question,

do you guys trade at any particular time of the day, or do you look for setups whenever?

and are you looking at anything setting up at the moment?

cheers

geoff

--- 帖子 #874 ---
I trade London and NY sessions mainly. 1am here (UK) now and bed for me.

Until tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Hello all,

I will give an explanation of the attached chart. You will notice the ABC wave formation that we all know and look for. Near C and rebounding off the FIB50 is a shooting star or pin candle which is the reversal and 3 candles later the black down candle that closes below SMA5.

The FIB is colour coded and you can see % marked on it. I normally have those as price levels but for the exercise have changed them. The FIB levels 21.4 & 14 are actually the 78.6 & 86 retracement and the 38.2 & 61.8 should really be the other way around but it does not matter. The idea is that if there is a retracement to a blue level the extension will be to a blue level (+10 pips for short, -10 for long), pink to pink, orange to orange. I use basically the same SL as the DAZFX method, but PT1 for me is 1.5 x risk and PT2 IS 2 X RISK or the coloured extension, whichever comes first. I am looking at maybe going to 1:1 for PT1 and 2:1 or FIB level for PT2.

You will notice the RSI 14. I have been experimenting with it as confirmation. It appears (still to be further tested) that if it bounces or rebounds or breaks through the 50 level the entry signal is a bit more reliable.

To set these FIBS on Dealbook, you go into properties and set 0 - red, 14 - pink, 21.4 - orange, 38.2 - blue, 50 - blue, 61.8 - blue, 100 - red, 118 - pink, 127 - orange, 161.8 - blue.

Not sure how to get the same set up on MT4 as I have only just started using it.

All in all, not a lot different to DAZFX. I also throw in the red EMA 25, as you can see it quite often bounces of it.

To put the FIB on the chart pull from your B to your A.

Feel free to add any observations, criticisms etc.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Thanks heaps for your explanation mate,

i appreciate you taking the time, and no criticism coming from me.

this ia basically how i have mine set up as well, i was sort of hoping to get an insight into how to simulate the expansion tool, if anyone knows the percentages of this or a formula for woking it out it would be great.

cheers

geoff

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Blessed Morning to all of us! and good to those haven't slept.

I was going through the daily chart and from my explanation in my last post which gave a caution that the trend is weakening becoz none of our yesterday hit tgt2 and 3 before reversing. and that is a warning that we might be getting to the bottom of the prevailing trend. and won't want anyone of use to be caught in the middle. Time will tell if this is true and this might be another theorem for our rules.

last Nite, the pairs on my watch list are AUSD and NZDUSD because they gave a bullish hammer formation after a long bearish candle, I don't joke with such formation, that is wot price action has taught me, and most importantly, the hammer forming contemporary bullish outside vertical bar and regular bullish outside vertical bar.

am looking at long for both currencies pair. if u pull a fib from the swing hing and low of the two currencies, we should expect a pull back within 38.2-78.6 fib region for trend continuation.

I will give more analysis in another 10mins.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
I hope am not confusing the house but i think its worthy to note anyway, even if its not understood now, i think when the analysis work-out, then it can be understood.

I might be wrong really but this is just my view for long

--- 帖子 #879 ---
This is AUSD 1hr trade. 4pips shy away from tgt1. but common sense says its good to move sl to break-even becoz the long is just fresh and the strong barrier up there.

this might just work out.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
AUSD hits its first tgt

Any contribution before i go ahead with NZDUSD analysis........

NZDUSD too is on the play for long

am waiting sirs/Mas

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Nicely spotted mike,

i was watching the aud all day and wondering if i should take the higher lows and higher highs on the 1 hr for real or not, turns out i should have

looking forward to nzd analysis

cheers

geoff

--- 帖子 #882 ---
AUSD hit tgt 1 and tgt 2

AUSD gave the best R:R i have ever seen 19pips sl to possible 100pips!

NZDUSD hit its tgt1 as well

AUSD has made Higher high on 1hr so long confirmed.

Guyz i think am tired, will come back later.

Geof sorry the NZDUSD analysis will come later. i never knew it can be so draining and tiring, meanwhile my EURCHF long is still pending yet to be triggered coz the analysis still holds.

will be back later in the day

Geof, honestly am tired, will do the nzdusd analysis later but its similar to AUSD

thanks

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Its all good mike

go get some rest

--- 帖子 #884 ---
My passion for this mkt won't allow me to most especially when the method can't stop giving pips.

here is another short and good analysis i got from a very respectable trade that i go visit to sharpen my PA skill.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...ostcount=12566

this has to do with the trades we are in at the moment

It might interest u to know that i frequently visit james16 and daily chart by hussin for price action skill sharpening and fibonacci trading by boboku for fib sharpening skills

I have to leave now till NY session:

we might get good trade on GU and possible UCAD for short: maybe!

I might be wrong

--- 帖子 #885 ---
. Hi Mike,  Do u know what Mike, continue to exploits. Hope to join u soon in taking the pips together.  Thanks.  Nerry.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Hi Naijafx,

Many thanks for your kind comments placed in the thread

Also congratulations on your many pips, really pleased for you, keep it going.

Cheers all,

DT.

--- 帖子 #887 ---
AUSD trade hit its tgt 1 @ 8752, tgt 2 @ 8768 and tgt 3 @ 8791

entry was at 8703

sl at 8683

NZDUSD is still on with 4pips shy away from hitting tgt 2

If u go by the rules and entry, AUSD trades has given 5% increase on equity.

thanks

--- 帖子 #888 ---
I think that we need to create one where this method will be taught but am looking at modality to do that, so that this thread will be kept alive.

Honestly speaking, creating one that will attract serious discussion about this method is the intention, maybe, anybody can contribute so that idea on how to make it a better trading place be discussed.

Tradingroom will help us to do better with this method and as well spot more possible trades.

Any suggestion will be welcomed!

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Hi Mike,

Can you not re-launch the old daz_fx trading room?

Other traders on this thread may already have it book marked?

Cheers,

Nigel.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Hi Doubletop,

I am in the same trade, looking good so far!

Many thanks Naijafx for reviving this great system on Forex Factory.

Noel.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Hello Noel,

Nice to hear from you too again

Lets hope it pans OK, as you say looking good so far, not too sure it will reach target T2 though?

Take care,

Nigel.

--- 帖子 #892 ---
T2 target hit, 52 pips!

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Double top, u r smart guy! Eurjpy is not in my watch list today as the hammer formed at daily is a bit confusing, i didn't watch it at all, it gave a false long signal earlier but i didn't fall into the trap coz i knew our rules weren't met.

But this one u spot is a A class trade and as i am typing, TGT 2 is already met for more than 50pips in all in less than two hours.

Good trade

thanks bro

--- 帖子 #894 ---
If u go by the rules and entry, AUSD trades has given 5% increase on equity.

thanks[/quote]

Those trades went well; but according to the original rules, the daily trend is still down in both AUD and NZD, isn't it?

I know you were basing your trades on the presence of the daily pin bar; do you use that sort of discretion often, or are most of your trades done in the direction of the daily trend 'as it is' rather than 'as it looks like it might go'?

Or have I misunderstood how the daily trend is read?

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Hello Mike,

Just for info......

I have the four majors on my watch list plus USD_CAD and of course EUR_JPY.

Its nice to keep every one inormed as to progress with spotting these set ups, Im in Hospital next week to have eyes implanted in the back of my head  so I dont miss any future set ups

Joking apart thanks Mike for reviving this thread, kinda like a friendly meeting place for us lonely types

Keep on rocking one and all....

Cheers Nigel.

PS Well done Noel !!!!

--- 帖子 #896 ---
yeah we are in down trend on that pair but we just took advantage of possible correction. this is discretional and not part of the rule.

Good to play safe, i can't try this 5 months ago really but am getting better understanding of this business.

thanks

--- 帖子 #897 ---
That's clear enough. Thanks.

This thread is unusual. So far, the rules remain the same as they were in the beginning; nobody is talking about making an EA; and nobody is trying to add trade filters.

Also, nobody is arguing.

So refreshing!

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Hello Dod,

Thats an excellent observation

Rules havent changed and no pretty additional indicators, how true.

Plus of course as you say, every one is very polite.

Take care,

DT.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
dod,

am not Daz but i can assure you that am getting better trading and studying the chart.

The NZDUSD and AUSD, were based on price action, getting in the trade earlier, it might not work out perfectly well but will get us more of positive trades than losing ones most especially when price is about going correction.

just look at the chart again and see if there is sense in the analysis. remember that if the analysis is not ok, we would have lost the two trades. the AUSD gave 100% winner while NZDUSD returned 75%. that should give u an idea that the analysis is ok

thanks

Guyz am setting up the trading room!

--- 帖子 #900 ---
as they say  "If it ain't broke, don't fix it."

it works really well the way it is!

--- 帖子 #901 ---
we have our trading room setup at

tradingrooms.com

name

Powerful Fib based system by daz

Hope to meet u there

mike

--- 帖子 #902 ---
.  Hi dod, i wish we can all be in a single room trading this great system together. Thanks.  Nerry.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Room Name: DAZ_FIB

Display Name: powerful Fib Based system by  Dazfx

Display Category: Community Trading Rooms

Room Password: No  password required.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Market Phases

There are only three ways the market can go; Up  Down  Sideways With the swing high/low definition now in mind we can start to build some layers on to the chart to identify these market phases and start to do a simple count of these swing highs and lows.

In short  The market is going up when price is making higher highs and higher lows  The market is going down when price is making lower highs and lower lows  The market is going sideways when price is not making higher highs and higher lows OR lower highs lower lows This may sound like child's play and a statement of the obvious but you will be surprised at how often people will forget these simple facts. One of the biggest questions I get asked is, which way is it a market going? By doing a simple exercise you can see which way that price is going and decide on your trading plan and more importantly timing of a trade.
What do I mean by timing? It may be that you are looking for a shorting opportunity as the overall trend is down but price on your entry time frame is still going up (making HH's & HL's).  There is, at this stage, no point in trying to short a rising market until price action start to point down (making LH's & LL's. More on this shortly).

and i hope am not boring with this

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Mike,

Great to see you are setting up a trading room, the only problem with a trading room that I have seen in the past is that the thread on Forex Factory will slowly die out as people usually stop posting on the thread and we don’t see any new people come forward, perhaps you should make it clear to everyone joining the trading room that they must post at least once per day on Forex Factory about their Daz trades to keep the thread alive.
Just my thoughts.

Looking forward to the trading room.

Noel.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Hello Mike,  Good to have the trading room back but i will be against it if we all fail to keep the thread alive here on FF. So the rule in my own opinion should be that any trade taken should be posted on the thread just the way Mike, DT and the rest guys have been doing recently. That will help in our own little way to those yet to discover this powerful system something to learn and to make money with. GOD BLESS DAZ. GOD BLESS US ALL. GOD BLESS POWERFUL FIB BASED SYSTEM. GOD BLESS FOREX FACTORY. Thanks.  Nerry.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
That's a good point. we will ensure that analysis and screen shots are posted here daily.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Hi all,

Decided to hold onto my earlier eur_jpy trade.

See chart,

Cheers  DT.

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Well done Doubletop, I got out earlier at T2, now wish I held on!

Noel.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Cheers Noel, much apppreciated!

Just thought I would try an overnight position.

Lets see how it goes.

Cheers DT

*** ERROR WITH STOP LOSS, SHOULD BE SET @ 109.99!

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Hi DT, i was looking at the jpy trying to see why you might think a short was a good idea, but i just cant see it, it is just looking up to me????

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Any one jump on this daily set up.

To me this is text book set up, comments good and bad appreciated. The stoch. is turning up but has not showed on my chart. (something wrong with my sizing I think)

Good to see the trading room is being set up. I have found in other trading rooms that having a microphone and headset works well. Hope to see you all there in the future.

Regards,

Tony

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Hey tony,

good spotting mate,

daily uses big stops for me, but looks like a good setup all but the stoc cross, it is only just happening on my chart to.

as far as targets, the guys around here would be T1=109.92, T2=110.29, T3=110.74, T4=111.48

as i posted before i was looking at this earlier as a long trend, and yesterday found a long trade (which i didn't take) that worked out well.

cheers

geoff

ps see you in the room in a couple of hours, my room name is ozdog

--- 帖子 #914 ---
You are right Geoff, the stoch is just turning up but for me the weight of evidence that turns it into a buy is that the 5sma is close to the close and it has bounced off the 25ema. Also, when I was originally taught this method we didn't use the 5sma, we simply bought after the reversal candle which is the hammer. Essentially, we develop little changes that suit our style of trading but the basis of the method stays the same. The stops are also part of that process and s/r lines have a bearing on those as well.

As long as the building blocks of the system remain then the little changes we make as individuals are like applying different paint to the walls.

I hope we can just feed off each other, as the guys before us obviously have. They have done a great job.

Tony

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Good work bro!

--- 帖子 #916 ---
PT1 hit on the daily uj trade, sl to break even lets see where the rest goes.

Tony

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Hi Geoffrod,

Sorry for the late reply, just logged in this morning.

No your quite correct, I wasnt thinking right on this set up and I just got it wrong so please ignore.

Take care,

DT

--- 帖子 #918 ---
no trading atmosphere except UJ on daily still in play.

thanks all

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Hi lNaijafx, Noel, Doubletop, and all who post  here, i have been following this thread from the start, and  have to say it is great, i missed the advanced concepts of daz in the trading room, if anyone could state the rules  with a few charts to explain it ,it would be great fior all, i trade similar to this method, but i use a formula to get me into a trade.I do not enter till the entry target is met, i have been looking to  use the 5 Ma but do not quite get how  to use it for entry as there seems to be some variation on its use . The 5MA get one in earlier than my entry signal and the difference can be a lot of pips. also what is the RR for entry At 5 MA to target 1 FE , 2 FE and 3 FE, I will post my charts as i see moves setting up and would encourage comments to help all here,and keep this thread alive,have to go for now , Bye All Pat

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Possible set up on one hour CHF/JPY A 100.93 B 99.99 C 100.86 for sell, any comments, Pat

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Hi all,

Closed this one earlier from today, held on to it for quite a while.

Nice result though with 76 pips in the bag.

Have a good week end all,

Cheers  DT.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Hi rtcw,

I believe that this is what you are looking for -

Dazfx – Advanced

Advanced rule!

Look for impulsive wave(swing hi-lo)

wait for retracement to either 38.2 and 50.0

reversal candle on either of the fib ratio

spot divergence on stoch

pull your trigger as usual

"it rocks at every time frame but you must get the trend right".

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Come to the tradingroom. look for powerful fib method by daz. we are alwayz there

--- 帖子 #924 ---
I did draw attention to this setup in the room but was told it was invalid as more than 10 candles were invoved in the setup but there does seem to be some confusion re the 10 candle rule or at least i'm confused,however i did take the trade and closed out for 25 pip profit.

Regards Edward

--- 帖子 #925 ---
edward, nobody is confused, setup with 10-12 candle max gives the best setup and that's wot is we are alwayz looking for.

the only trade we lost in two weeks is as a result of 25candles setup, the trade gave 24pips before it hit stop loss.

if u have such setup, i will just advice u look for good entry on 4hr time frame.

and wot would have been the outcome of that chfjpy if u had left it. would it have met tgt1,2 and 3?

we tag a trade successful if tgt 1 and 2 are met.

thanks

mike

--- 帖子 #926 ---
if u had left the CHFJPY, it would have been a loser!

check it out again

we all want to learn and get better

--- 帖子 #927 ---
if u had left the CHFJPY, it would have been a loser!

check it out again

we all want to learn and get better

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Hi guys:

Nice thread. One question for Mike or anyone (including Daz). The original post says

How have you been interpreting this line?

The new candle just has to be "near?" (If so, how near is near?); or

Price of the new candle has to actually cross above/below the 5 SMA before entry?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Hi Watsone, Naijafx and atticttrader thanks for replys and invite to trading room, will pop in Monday PG, Going back to the doubletop trade i see the A/B move has around 27 bars and the B/C leg 21 bars on the Hour 1 timeframe, does this invalidate the trade acording to the rules, can someone explain  as i am confused? I gathered that once a impulse wave was shown and was not eratic looking one could take the trade, as in some of Dazfx early posts show charts with inpulse waves with over 10 bars on the hour timeframe, i am also confused like edware could you shed some light Naijafx or doubletop or anyone. Ragards to all Pat

--- 帖子 #930 ---
at the point of entering the sma5 is either acting as resistance or support. the moving average have a way of pulling the price to it(testing) we want the price to break that barrier before diving in.

hope its clear

Mike

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Let me say this, setup with 20 candles or more works but setup with 4-10 candles work best.

if u read very well, this method aims at picking the recent impulse wave, that is recent swing hi/lo and not the whole large impulse wave. if u read very well, the large impulve waves retraces to 38.2 to 50.0 most times which indicate strong wave/trend but this system takes advantage of the recent wave pull back to our defined fib ratio for possible trade.

so my advice is this, if u get a large wave and feel like trading, go to 4hrs and see if the wave its a reflection of swing hi-lo

anyway, let's meet in the tradingroom for more

Mike

--- 帖子 #932 ---
This is the only trade we lost in about two weeks. if you look at 1hr, you will see that it gave a valid setup except that the impulsive wave is well over 10 candles.

There was a good pull back in 1hr right but we lost it. why? there should be a reason!

Looking at 4hr, its obvious why the trade shouldn't be considered at all.

so my advice, when u see many candle giving good signal/setup on 1hr, just briefly watch 4hr if its forming as well.

reason being that large impulsive wave on 1hr should be a reflection of waves forming in 4hr, so u quickly confirm the validity of the setup

look at

Hi

Do you think we should SELL this one ?

Attached Thumbnails  http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1218010228

--- 帖子 #933 ---
wishing us all a wonderful weekend

Mike

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Hi rtcw37,

Sorry for the late reply, just read your post.

Please see the attached charts below for the reasoning I took that particular trade.

You will see the initial entry on the one hourly has a potential reversal set up of hitting the 68.1% retracement level.

This offered an initial risk on the open of the next candle of only 9 pip risk for a potential gain of (T1) 93 pip gain, so good risk reward ratio

Final entry confirmation was the confirmed cross of the stochastics on the 4 hourly time frame (compare the charts attached)

Hope this helps?

Have agood week end,

DT.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Thanks DT, this has been on mind to post here but i have been kinda busy with my simulator so been a very difficult one for me but thanks for posting it.

For my previous message, this would be confirmation of wot i have been saying, if u want to pick setup with candle, plz check the 4hr for confirmation.

candles that are more than 12 is an indication of happening on 4hr time frame, so u got to go there to look at 4hr before u pull the trigger.

Honestly am looking forward too next week for bountiful pips.

And i want us to use weekend as an opportunity to retrade the previous week to see where we wave made mistake and how to avoid it next time.

here is the link to a post that have all u need for the simulator
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=701

Thanks

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Hi Naijafx, thanks for explanation a chart equals a thousand words, good example, This is of great benifit to me to see as i trade slightly different to this amd an always trying to improve.Thanks again and have a good weekend,

Pat

--- 帖子 #937 ---
God have used FF to sharpen my  forex skill, all the things that i have learnt are given to me freely so i have to teach freely as well, and ensure that am well understood and finally impart the knowledge.

broda, am committed to the course

Mike

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Hi doubletop, thanks for posting charts great trade, and excelent RR theses chart and Naijafxs charts have made things stand out and are of great help to me and others like edward,Thanks again hope to talt soon and have a good weekend also.

pat

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Hi all,

Just out of interest I have just looked at an historic set up on USD_CAD.

This is utilising weekly and daily charts, using the weekly chars for entry confirmation with the daily.

As you can see it "apparently" works there too, see example below

Why weekly and daily?

Well Im currently looking for set and forget systems and this to me looks good

Any thoughts any one ?

PS:  Mike please  can you let  us  know how you get  on with the  sim?

Cheers  DT

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Hi,

10-12 candles in the first wave or 10-12 candles with the first wave + retracement ?

Also, in the first post the profit targets are given for an AB wave of more than 10 candles, so I assume the rules have changed now ?

--- 帖子 #941 ---
The rule hasn't changed!

Daz mentioned as well that 10-12 will give the best signals and we have proved that with chart analysis.

the 10-12(max) and 4(min) candle is for the wave AB

thanks

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Good day to you sir/ma

I have analysis for possible good trades to watch next week on the making, will drop them as soon as am done but should be here before the begining of the week starting on sunday.

thanks

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Hi Mike,

Looking forward to your anaylsis for possible trades next week.

Many thanks for doing this.

Noel.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
hi mike, couldn't find the simulator you gave to me.pls can u paste it once more..chike

--- 帖子 #945 ---
if u check 2 pages back, u will see it as i gave a link to the simulator

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Am sorry Guyz,  i will try to do the analysis in another 1hr 30mins. i will do some post in the room as well.

For now, am with the simulator.

see you then

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Having problems runing the simulator.it reads file invalid or corrupt.Any solution to this

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Mike gave me this link for the simulator yesterday

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=701

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Good day all, am sorry for keeping people waiting yesterday, i couldn't make it becoz my internet connection went down.

I tried till 000gmt this morning but yet wasn't going on fine but thank God its fair this afternoon.

We are presently in uptrend retracement and the hammer was as a result of a bounce from the resistance as shown in the chart.

Hourly and 4hourly are making lower low as well.

I might be wrong!

--- 帖子 #950 ---
The analysis we gave on NZDUSD is still holding, remember, the analysis gave us a winner,. I believe that the is strong resistance up north, about 100 pips from where price is , if u check the weekly but we will hope for a pull back and take advantage of that to give us a winner.

Moreover, hourly is making higher high.

remember, i might be wrong!

My weekly chart isn't loading, i would have love to spot the resistance on the chart.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Hello DT: I am hoping you dont mind revisting your CAD trade from Aug 15 for a couple questions.

Did you mean the 78 or the 61?

I ask b/c it appears the chart was setting up b/w the 61 and the 78 for a short with a fairly extreme stoch reading with x-over, a decent range down bar, followed by a doji/IB, and another doji "at or near" the SMA. If I understand this sytem (which I may not sense I only started reading 2 days ago), seems like it would have been an entry right there. And, if so, you were stopped out.

Then it hooked back up to resume the uptrend for another 20 pips or so and then gave a nice entry at the 78 fib (this time with divergence).

Just wanted to clarfiy what you were saying and where you actually entered. Or whether you entered at the first possible, were stopped out, then entered again.

I edited and attached your chart just to make sure we were talking about the same thing. Hope you dont mind.

Commentary from anyone encouraged

Thanks

--- 帖子 #952 ---
And one more question for the club.

My charts dont have the fib exp feature, nor can it be added at this time (but maybe in the next month or two, they tell me).

So I tried to come up with a way to fudge it for now. I am assuming AB = CD, which is one of the underlying premises of the

system (as I understand it). If so, its the same fib retrace as a fib on AB. So I draw the fib on AB, copy/move it so that what

was Point A is now Point C. AB distance is kept fixed, and now becomes C to projected D.

Make sense?

A random chart to better explain, hopefully.

Can someone please check the targets to see if the numbers are the same?

Do I even have the right idea? Anyone have a better/simpler solution?

Thanks guys and gals, your time and effort is appreciated.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Hello Juan Grande,

Yes no worries, I have posted the charts for you again so hopefully you can see how the reversal is confrmed combining use of the 4hr time frame.

Quote:   "Did you mean the 78 or the 61?"

I presume you are refering to the target level for which we are looking for?

If you do the target I was looking at was indeed the 68.1% T1 and neither of the levels you quote above.

As to the reversal confirmation remember its best to  confirm the true reversal with the higher time frame, in this case its the 4hr we need to look at (please see the 4hr below for additional clarification).

If I may also point out the chart of the USD_CAD youve posted is too early as the 4hr stochs are still in a strong uptrend.

Have a look at the 4hr chart of mine and you will see I have placed a vertical line were your chart represents, do you see what I am refering too?

A sell taken in your place would of indeed invalidated the sell taken there.

Quote:  "seems like it would have been an entry right there. And, if so, you were stopped out"

No.......

Again remember the place were I took the trade was later (confirmed with 4hourly) was a safe level when also combined when taken below the 5 sma.

I hope the above explanation helps?

Take care,

Good Luck for this week,

DT.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Thanks for the reply DT and for clarifying what I had muddied up.

Just to check to see if have it -- are you saying that:

(1)  there was a trade entry under this system on that 1 HR chart that I chopped up;

(2)  but that you did not take it because the impulse wave was above a certain amount of candles, and you were therefore only trading off the 4H?

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Good day everybody,

Possible EJ short but we have to wait for stoch to cross down the Over bought region before entry can be confirmed.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #956 ---
hello, greet to all...i'm new here & still learning...

can i said that eurgbp is going to go down as

stoch has crossed down,

price under 5SMA in H1, & under 200EMA in H4,

21EMA & 60EMA have crossed down in M30.

wish to get ur confirmation, thanx...

forgotten to mention that the lower high & higher high is formed.

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Hope this helps?

Cheers   DT

--- 帖子 #958 ---
GBP/USD - Short 4h

--- 帖子 #959 ---
I also took this trade short, got in a little later at 1.8668

Noel.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
USD/CHF - Long 4h

--- 帖子 #961 ---
(1)Thanks again. To beat the horse -- actually just to try and clarify, so you do not subscribe to Mike's idea that an impulse wave over 10-12 candles requires moving to the 4H to take a trade? (On that CAD trade, the impulse wave was 15 candles + on the 1H). Thats a variance in modern DAZ interpretation between you two?

(2) I dont know if my post above (954) was too lame or too difficult to generate a response. I am suprised this question hasnt come up before, but maybe every software package out there has this fib expansion tool but mine? (if so, that stinks) Anyway, I ran a quick test using one of the recent charts posted here and tried out my idea of a way to create a proxy for the fib ext tool.

I used Mike's 8/15 EurJpy chart posted above to capture the Target 1 and Target 2 produced by his fib exp tool. Then performed the steps on my own charts to see if the numbers matched. Results attached. As expected, since AB=CD, they do (or within 1 pip). I guess I just had to prove it to myself to be sure. It's alittle cumbersome but it works to produce the correct targets that will allow you use the DAZ Sytem. So if anyone else out there has this same issue, here is your solution.

Thanks guys.

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Here is one I took this afternoon on the Swissy.

I think it matches your guys' interpretation of DAZ.

Bounce off the 618, stochs confirming, divergence and an IB.

The only issue I had was whether you consider this form of IB

consistent with the method here, i.e., an IB body to body, but

not an IB wick to wick. If anyone could clarify for me, I would

appreciate. Thanks. Also any other issues spotted on the chart

you care to point out would also be appreciated (like the # of

candles in the impulse wave?)

It was nice to get an afternoon trade since I couldnt trade this

morning. Not a whopper, but good for this time of day. I just took

1st target at 10991, and moved the stop up. (the upward sloping

lines are a trend channel, which was another reason for entry for me).

--- 帖子 #963 ---
The AUD and AUDJPY are both currently producing

potential trades with similiar patterns.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
sorry about the late reply  PLz download any MT3 demo platform and do ur analysis therein whereby ur trade  is taken on ur preffered broker

--- 帖子 #965 ---
yeah, that was a contemporary bullish inside vertical bar.

its ok

--- 帖子 #966 ---
A lot of us at times have difficulty recognizing the direction of a trend. I have posted 2 charts and maybe my explanation might help some people with this difficult concept. If you look at the 1st chart where I have zoomed in and indicated a possible entry point you can see it might have returned a 1:1 profit and maybe more if you hung on long enough. I see it as risky because I think the trend is undecided by virtue of the red (25) and green (50) ema's closing up and flattening out along with the price ranging. If you look at the second chart the profit potential is far greater, the trend is more defined. They are the same chart a few days apart. The second one clearly has the ema's down and I think is a much lower risk option.

I only illustrate this for the purpose of saying that by zooming out and getting a bigger picture, you may get a better perspective, not to suggest it is a perfect setup for a trade. It is purely to demonstrate the bigger picture.

I think we need to learn to be patient and wait for established trends. There are enough currencies to choose from to be patient.

I welcome any comments.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
GBP USD 4 Hour Daz trade 1st target hit +84 pips

--- 帖子 #968 ---
2nd target hit +116 pips.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

let see how this one goes.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Hi guys:

re: CHF and AUD trades.

CHF worked, hit all targets

AUD did not (I never entered). This pair can give some very nice impulse moves. So if you are looking to expand your pair universe, give Mathilda a spin on the foor. But be warned, she can turn on a dime, as seen. So R:R, money management and appropriate stops will be a key.

-------------------------------

Also, in response to questions about identifying trends, I toss the simple idea of Trend Channels into the hat. I find it easy to use, and gives a handy visual representation of the trend on your time frame, whether you expand or contract your chart. Plus it has the added bonus of identifying possible trade set-ups/exits at the outer lines (or possibly the middle lines as well), which are just trend lines after all.

Here is an example. The first chart is a scrunched up 60m AUD to show the required swing points. It is suggesting a bottom might be rounding into form over the past 5 trading sessions. See the series of higher lows. The second is the same chart expanded. It shows how easy it is to see the trend in the background even once the detail is blown up. The second chart also shows how a TC can help identify a potential trade set-up. I dont know if this trade will be a good one (do we ever?) as it is a countertrend to the major downtrend of the last 6 weeks in this pair. However, the method is solid and repeats itself over and over, whenever you have swing highs and lows. You will find the same is true on suggesting exit or reversal points. If you already employ trend lines in your analysis, this is a helpful adjunct.

Anways, just a humble suggestion of one simple way to sometimes manage the issue of identifying trend that also has the added benefit of alerting you to possible entry and exit spots.

edit: i later noticed i neglected to add the fibs to this chart on the right. Hopefully its not too difficult to visualize where they would be. Entry near the 78% level. Sorry about that. The trade is still going after a downside challenge to the 8650 levels.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Here is one more example of a trend channel

recent EUR chart

You can see how the upper line held price, before a 200+ pip move south.

You can trade either direction with a TC. But obviously a short will always offer more pips with a downtrending channel while a long will offer more with an uptrending TC.

Can work very well with the DAZ method.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Updates from GBP/USD and USD/CHF trades taken yesterday:

--- 帖子 #973 ---
One more comment on using a trend channel with this method.

Using the same AUD chart from 8/18, a TC might had helped you fine tune the targets by showing where to look for strong support -- at the lower leg of the upsloping trend channel.

Had you been looking short at the 50 fib near the 00 level (which would not have been completely unreasonable given the strong intermediate term downtrend), the TC was suggesting possible stop levels and/or adjustments that could be made to the normal DAZ targets.  Here the 1H candle was an OB not an IB, but the overall idea is still valid either way.  Or perhaps kept you out of the trade all together as entering a short into strong support is not always a great strategy. Still, there were some short-term pips there for the taking. Maybe moving to a lower TF would have been the thing to do?

Anyways, just an idea to throw out for considerartion.

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Nice thread. I'm not seeing the trend lines on these charts. They will do well with this system. You guys can try drawing TLs on 4H then switch to 1H for entries or enter trades on 4H.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Thanks for visiting!

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Hello evryone. This is my first post here at FF

Thanks for sharing this powerful system.

Is this EURJPY a valid trade?

Trend is down. Price reach 78% and turn around. Stoch is ready to tun down. Now I am waiting for price to go up to 78 level to short.

Thanks for any comments.

Happy pipping to everyone.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
here is EUR 60 chart with possible setup

the pros are: fib + IB + stoch hook + divergence + approaching 5sma + top of trend channel

the cons are: not an upper fib level -- has broken 60 sma to the upside -- slower time of day -- too many candles?

am going to watch to see if it rises to the 50 fib / 4800 level

comments from the experts?

ps to DRA:
Do you mean the colors are too faint to see?

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Good spot but the candle involes are too many,

when u see such setup, don't rush at the setup, look at wot 4hr is saying,

I love to see 4-12(max) candle for valid setup on 1hr.

Look at my 4hr chart and see if the trade is valid

Thanks for alerting us

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Good spot and nice analysis!

there is something i watch, the breach of HH, HL et al: if u look at, EU has breacheed former HH and its making new High,

anything can happen though coz we are still in a downward trend, but if we have a setup, i will advice that u let stoch crossed out out of over bought area.

am watching too

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Thank you naijafx for the comments.

Happy pipping.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
You guys can also look for reversal candle formations at these levels, such as morning and evening stars, tweezer tops and bottoms and engulfing candles.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
wot currency are u refering to here?

thanks

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Hello all,

here is the indicator that spots adequate swing hi-lo

nice one

Mike

--- 帖子 #984 ---
No specific currency. Just saying spotting reversal candle formations at Fib. levels can be a plus.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Hi Mike

Thanks for the reply.

EUR -- Still watching. Here is the 240 with price approaching the upper trend line and the 50 fib. But stochs are wide apart for now, and still pointing up. I will watch out for that more in the future. 4800 should be a key level here.

CHF -- here is a chart of the continuation of yesterday's trade above. Price hit all 3 targets, before reversing. Another demonstration of the apllicability of this method. Now price has broken out of the trend channel on swiss strength and a little dollar weakness. We will have to wait and see whether this is the signal of a new trend direction on this TF, or whether price will return to the channel.

AUD -- here is an updated chart of the AUD mentioned yesterday. The TC did hold price at the lows, and gave you a shot at 50 pips or so, depending on your money management.  And it still trending up at this point.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
hi all

i just read this thread up to page 7, it's definitely great..

i find nice setup in eur/jpy now..it's valid signal?

thx from share this trading style

--- 帖子 #987 ---
hello sir,

could u plz read this post
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=980

u will get the answer to your question

thanks

Juan,

I love the way u draw the linear regression, hope am rite?  i have to watch it closely, they will guide one very well.

maybe i have to dump demark TL to help as well.

thanks

--- 帖子 #988 ---
thx for quick response..

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Is this the setup I'm looking for? can anyone confirm?

http://img145.imageshack.us/img145/2...dhr1kn2.th.gif

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Look at the Daily chart, price is meeting resistance and left some candle formations (Tweezer bottoms & Hammer). May see GBP/USD turn around here, for a retrace on the daily. Graph being posted next post.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
1 zoomed out, 1 zoomed in.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
hi all, can someone help me how to show price at current fibo level in my chart?

someone show me to add char @ in level description but i forgot.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Hi Just add @%$ on the percentage line

regards

mike

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Hi folks:

Here is an updated 240m EUR chart referenced a few posts above. The trend channel did hold at the 4800 + 50 fib level, and there was a short there for 50 pips or more, depending on how aggressive an your entry you chose.

I think some have been looking for the long here for awhile, and it may work. But keep in mind that same upper trend line will be there to offer resistance. And it has now been tested and confirmed, so we know its a good line. Maybe something to keep in mind when determining your TPs? And, if you do use that as a factor in setting your TP for along trade, keep in mind the degenerative effect of time on price, since its a downtrending line.

That is one reason I look for shorts at the outer, top TL of a downward sloping trend channel. Still wait for the same indicators for entry as well-discussed here. Even if that trend line line didnt hold, I would still be looking for it to retrace back down to that line (barring some intervening news release that may have altered the fundies, of course). If nothing else, that line will often work as support upon retrace.

As you can tell, I like trend channels. They are simple to use, offering both an easy visual of the trend in your timeframe, plus the same or similiar S/R characteristics as independently drawn trend lines. TCs also mesh very well with DAZ's method since they are both grounded in the use of swing highs/swing lows. They are part math, part art, but it doesnt take much practice to get a handle on them.

Just my 2 pips worth. Hope someone finds it useful.

The second chart is the CHF updated from above. If you recall, the idea was that price would return to the channel. Which it has for now.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Looks like the TC did indeed contain price.

And even gave a nice DAZ short

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Juan,

I like your way of highlighting trends, using channels. It's reassuringly visual. I've always used higher highs, higher lows/lower lows, lower highs on the daily charts to give me an overall 'trend' to determine direction on the hourly; but that means a one, two, three or more day retracement against the main trend has left me going in the wrong direction. Your way I get an almost immediate retracement trend channel breaking away from the main trend channel.

Well, so it seems. I'm still looking into it.

Anyway, thanks for your posts.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Great System

Being reading the thread and demo tried a few trades on sunday, they all worked well, but didnt used fib expansion for targets. I tried to subscribe me to trading rooms, but they didnt confirmed me as a user, so my account didn't got activated... have someone susbscribed there?. Are the users there or here?.

I will post here, and wanted to post there any setup i can find, as you did yesterday, we can discuss pros and cons for any trade, and get "consensus" about any particular trade. It would be nice to get feedback... 4, 6, 8, 10 eyes can look better than only 2... lol

Best regards, and thx

WP

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Juan,

your way of generating the channel has been getting attention.

do u use indicator or you manually draw them?

could u do a brief post on how u generate those point.

thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Hi Mike and dod:

It is really not complicated -- just parallel, equidistant lines. I can see how it might look like a fancy regression formula since that is what happens so often -- "price always returns to where its been."

The programer who gave me this neat little tool is the same one who did not give me the fib expansion tool  So there you go.

Anyway, its not that tough to do your own. Some trading software has a "copy line" feature. Just start on the top with at least two points on a downsloping trend, or at the bottom with two points for an uptrend. Copy that line and move it to the opposite swing h/l. Copy again, and stick that one in the middle (eyeballing is usually good enough). 3 lines suffice, you dont really need all 5 like mine shows. Make sense?

But dod is correct, the key is that it incorporates swing highs and lows. Thats why it works. In fact, it makes it easy to identify them. And it's the same reason why it meshes so well with DAZ' system.

Longer term works better. With the 60M, 4-5 days can be the start of a good one. Like everything else, its not 100%. Just one more tool for the toolbox. However, I find that once you have identified a good one, price will keep honoring it unless or until something shakes it out of the channel. I put them on all TFs. I try to pick a color that fades to the background so I can still see it but it doesnt dominate the landscape. Price should do that. If it fails, just delete it. Keep the ones that hold price.

Below is an example of what else you can do with it. Now we have a possible uptrending channel off the longer term downtrend on that EUR. Who will win this battle? Who knows. But have a look at the outer upper and lower lines which project a simple pattern shape (some type of triangle). One thing you find is that when these outer lines of opposite slope intersect, something usually happens with price, one way or the other. Sometimes, it just explodes out of there. I've always assumed it's because of the extra amount of stops and other orders that collide in that zone. Interesting? Since you are reading this thread, you probably think so, just like me

Maybe tommorrow I will really freak you out with a pitchfork to project price once it violates a TC. Dont laugh too hard, it can also be a handy little tool under the right conditions.

In the meantime, we'll see what happens, if anything, with this one.

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Sorry, if i get u wrong: are u saying you can't post the tool for fellow traders who spend their time giving response when questions pertaining to this system is asked?

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Yes Mike. I'm sorry but I dont have it. This program is in C+++ and I cant even open it, outside of .txt files. I would give it to you if I could.

They tell us that in the next month or two, they are going to open it up and let us program our own systems/formulas in Virtual Basic. Which will be cool once that day arrives (I can add fib exp!). Once that occurs, if I can grab the TC tool, I will. But you know how programers are, you never really know when they will actually release something. And, then, once they do, its usually "look out" for awhile.

That said, I doubt it is that difficult to program. Our guy had it out the next day after we clamored for it. With all the wizards here on FF, odds are high someone has already done it for MT4.  Maybe we can look around and find one? I call it Trend Channel, but my software actually calls it "Parallel Lines."

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
The linear regression channel option in Metatrader does much the same thing. Click on 'Ray' if you want the lines to extend to the right.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Thanks dod, I did not think it was anything new, but admit Ive never tried to find it anywhere else. I have MT thru the broker but have never really employed those charts much. I even use Oanda as my backup -- I find theirs clean and clear. The tool starts as your basic trendline, then adds 4 more lines automatically drawn in parallel, the same distance apart.

Below is the GBP which has a similar pattern as the EUR. Seems these two pairs have recoupled of late. You could make an argument for it going either way -- has both lower highs and higher lows. Probably not to be resolved until Europe gets rolling.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Hey Juan, I was just checking out this pair. Looks good on the 4 hour  but will have to wait and see.The 1 hour schocastics is down right now.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Hope somebody spot this?

just 47pips stop loss

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
I like this setup Naija, only have one question, why 47 pips stop loss, what fibo level are you using for that? thanks in advance.

Cordial!

Jhon.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Hi guys:

EUR 60m held at the upper line of the newer trend channel.

It is just a trend line after all.

Still, its helpful to have possible targets and/or reversal points clearly set out in advance.

Chart 1 -- price reaches upper line of upsloping trend channel. Where will price go next?

Chart 2 -- price retraces down to the upper line of previous downsloping trend channel. What was resistance, became support. Also at the 50 price level. Where will price go next?

Chart 3 -- here we insert the pitchfork I mentioned yesterday. Like the DAZ, it's drawn off swing points to project price into the future. The effectiveness of both depends most upon correctly identifying swing highs and lows. There is supposedly an 80% chance price will reach the median line if the swing high/low are correct.

Chart 4 -- price reaches median line.

Using the method of this thread plus these simple tools to establish S/R levels and price targets might have allowed a trader to capture a portion of each leg of the 1-2-3 or ABC.

I know this is getting somewhat far afield from the main idea of this thread, so I will now scale back these type posts. Sorry for the distraction. I get alittle excited about this stuff sometimes which causes me to get carried away. But I did want to show you guys one sequence of how these various tools can come together.

best, J

edit -- price reached the upper line of the TC near the 4850 level

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
the bullish vertical inside bar signalled a long position at 61.8, i placed my PO at the high of the bar, while the next IB signalled better R:R, so moved PO down to the next IB for about 50pips sl

Confluence reasons are divergence and fib ratio for buy.............  mind you 1.6223-1.6243 are heavily loaded with resistance so 60pips have been secured, while the other halp position will be roaming until price tells us to close the position.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Hello Naijafx

I am watching at your chart, and watching mine. I clearly see the hidden divergence, signaling continuation of the trend, and the IB you talk about, but price is bouncing from 1.6096 in my chart, and 61.8 fib retracement is 1.6133 and 78.6 fib retracement is 1.6070.

I know i'm missing something, but don't know what... can you help me?

Thx

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Thanks to you Naija!  Nice elucidation!

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
I don't think u r getting anything wrong, maybe price feed from different brokers.

the most important thing is to have the idea which i belieeve u have in abundance.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
here are the indicators that spot divergence

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
As discussed in trading room, the rising star was marginal but everything else pointed up. The result was 46 pips on pt1 and 63 on pt2.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Pls help me understand this harmony and pitchfork formation...

http://img155.imageshack.us/img155/9742/zupfk4.th.gif

all i can say, if u believe this system good for u lets stick to the system dazfx mentioned. If u want another fine tuning thats okay, but dont lead this thread goin another way. U can search forum for pitchfork or whateva that indi/system called. Btw, where is dazfx?

Long E/U from yesterday 70 pips profit atm.

Happy trading and weekend all )).

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Which way do you guys think the GBP will run from here? One great thing about this pair is that its always running somewhere.

You could make an argument on the fundamentals either way. Technicals too. Is it oversold or is that a bear flag?

I guess price will tell us. Either way, seems to be a lot of pips out there for the taking.

ps1 -- the GBP gave up over 250 pips today, and has sacrificed 1644 pips since July 15 (and counting). Maybe Mike had his famous breakout strat on today?

ps2 -- hi byens. that is an interesting looking chart. does it send out a signal if a gartley is forming?

ps3 -- have a nice weekend all

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Another very clean trade, no hesitation, just follow the basic strat.

The blue line is a support line, from H1, so it's a double base.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
ujhazi,

Was this taken on a 5 min time frame?

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Do you think about the trade or the blue line?

Trade:

Yes it's on 5min, look at the top of the window, CADJPY 5min.

The blue line from the H1 timeframe

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Good one but the method is not as reliable on lower time frame as we have on higher time frame.

good catch anyway.

Nice one

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Possible setup on daily time frame

bearish divergence seen

confluence at 38.2 fib

bearish outside vertical bar

we wait for the candle to close and see wot the opening of new candle

this look another winner

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1007

this particular trade is still on doing very well

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Yes, possible setup on Daily. We might be able to get a good entry on 4 hour. Price broke TL and may form sHs at the back end of the trend line, can pull fibs if that happens.

We'll have to wait until Monday to see

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Hey guyz,

does still work the chat at tradingroom.com? I can't find DazFX room?

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
To NaijaFX:

Will you go short on NZD/USD on Monday? The setup looks really great, there is stoch divergence and the trend is short on NZD/USD. What should be possible entry? 0.7125?

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Yes. Go into community rooms. Then look for powerful fib based system by dazfx.

If entering off the daily, just wait for price to retrace back to 5sma.

Or you could look at 4h and find an entry.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Question for you guys

are we waiting for a close on the candle before entry? on the 1hr timeframe?? or is it sufficient if its near the 5sma or just started to penetrate it

i say this because in some cases the 1hr bar blasts through the 5sma and hits all profit targets before the bar is closed lol so if you wait for a close then you missed out

i hope im clear about this any advice is apreciated

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Good liquid, here is more detailed analysis. but I think entry on 4hr as u suggested will fetch Better R:R but for those that doesn't have the time to stay in fron of their PC, they could just place entry at the low of the BEOVB when the stoch crosses.

We should keep eyes at that support for those that will be entrying at 4hr.

Good pips in view

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
You need to get a confirmation candle as well as the stochs crossing (after the candles close). On the next candle you can put your entry at the 5sma - so once it retraces back to the 5sma you will get entered.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Hello everyone,

Im not an expert, but this should be a "short term" trade, because a pinbar just formed on the weekly. Maybe a trade for the retrace, and in the middle of next week, UP again.

My 2 cents

WP

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
What do you think about possible short entry on GBP/JPY at 203.95?

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1022

Does anybody remember this trade call?
200 green pips already banked!

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Hi everzbody

I took trade on eur/gbp yesterday. First target was hit and I realized that I will get ou of trade because trade was so slowly.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Nicely done Naijafx...

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
May I know what TF is that?

thx

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
GBP/USD

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Hello!

It's been a while since I actively participated in this chat group in tradingrooms. Does it still exist?

I want to ask you about this system. I like it a lot, and I practiced it a few months ago, then I was away from fx(job and travelling)... I have little experience with it, so that's why I'm asking you how effective do you find this strategy to be, if you have been testing it over longer period of time? 80%, 90% ?

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Yes the room still exists, always looking for more people to join it. The system works as well as the person does, its not really an indicator system - the trader needs to be able to identify trend direction and take the waves in that direction. The more you watch price and study is the clearer it gets.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Hello traders

here is possible usdjpy trade in formation

confluence of reasons

1. Daily is trending down

2. price is beneath the Short TL at 4hr

3. Long TL is acting at resistance for price at 4hr

4. price is under 200 ema on hrly time frame

5. short TL is holding in 1hr

6. possible hidden bearish to be formed on 1hr

We are waiting for bearish reversal candle at good fib area before diving in.

Hope these help

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
USD/JPY - Short 60m TF

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Update for above post:

1st and 2nd Targets hit. 3rd order stopped out @ breakeven.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
here is eurusd trade that was triggered and all target hit

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
usdchf, tgt 1 , 2 and 3 met

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
GBP/CHF - Short 60m sept05

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Hello guyz, i wasn't in the room as i went to see my dad's dcotor in the neigbouring state. the man has been ill and been undergoing treatment.

GCHF lost! too bad, we lose some and win some.

But here is my observation and its worthy to note as we have discussed it before. Anytime the swing AB is more than 10-12candles, we should look at wot is happening in 4hrs, most times, it means that a wave is forming in 4hr.

If we check the 4hr chart, it will be seen that there was a variation of morning star, and in my own opinion, the short shouldn't have been initiated.

Good spot really, good lost as well. we learn from losses so as to guide against them in near future.

Well done guyz, i hope to join u all on monday.........

I will post my chart once i get home later in the day

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
can someone tell me where the chatroom is for this strategy?

thx

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
hi,

go to www.tradingroom.com and download the software. look for powerful fib system by daz in the communityroom section.

u r welcome

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
no such site

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
It's www.tradingrooms.com

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Just syaing thanks to everyone that is keeping this blog alive. It was a great experience to join you guys in the trading room and just learn from you.

I have been trading live by myself since March. I had to figure out most things on my own.

I have been blessed to make some money with the different things that I tried but I always felt that I was guessing. This strategy has given me a lot of confidence in my trades. I placed my first three this morning using this method. I will keep you updated.

I learned a lot just being in the trading room with you guys today and part of last night. Thanks again for all your help.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
The USD/CAD going LONG trade off the 4 hrs chart that I took this morning, hit it's first target @ 106.96, it is headed for the 2nd target @ 107.37. I only placed the trade based on the first target only since this was my first time using this system.

My total profit from this one trade is USD $439.32 or 43 pips.

As I get used to the system, I will place more lots.

The second trade that I made was CHF/JPY SHORT on the 4 hrs chart. This trade was placed at 96.25. This has taken out the first target of 95.64, but I placed my take profit on the second target of 95.11. I moved my stop loss to secure a minimum of 30 pips profit.

The third trade was AUD/CAD SHORT on the 4 hrs chart. This is positive 14 pips.

The 2nd and 3rd trades came from suggestions in the trading room this morning. thanks guys.

I do not know how to place charts as of yet, so I am unable to show them to you.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
The first chart is that of USDCAD 4hrs taken LONG.

Again, I placed only one trade, used only 1 lot and that was on the first target. So, for me this trade is closed for the day. Made 43 pips.

The second chart is of the CHF/JPY 4hrs SHORT trade. I placed my TP on the 2nd target for this one.

I did not include the third chart because it has a while to go yet.

CHF/JPY hit the 2nd target where I placed my TP for 100 pips profit. Total was USdD $1,055.56.

The AUD/CAD trade is still moving very slowly but still in profit.

I closed out the AUD/CAD trade for a 10 pips profit. It was just too slow for my liking. Total USD 103.32

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Just want to say thanks again to everyone that is willingly sharing their knowledge with us in the trading room.

Today, with the help of Mike, MikeyC, Liquid and Igel, I avoided entering three trades that would have gone the wrong way on me. They explained to me exactly why the trades would not work.

Mike actually told me about the resistance on the usd/jpy trade and later we saw what he was talking about was proven right.

Snoop helped me enter my only trade for the day so far eur/usd-short. He reminded me to take my profits quickly. I set my trade and left for about 30 mins and saw that I had made 35 pips for USD $350.00.

Thanks you guys, you are great individuals and fantastic teachers.

I recommend this thread to any new person. They will benefit from being with you in the trading room, not just to trade, but to learn to do so.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Hello,

At the trading room the charts posted by liquid and najiaforex had different indicators in there. Appreciate if a tpl and the custom indicators used is posted for our benefit.

Thanks a lot.

TF

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
TradeForexFx:

There is a special zigzag indicator, but as far as I know the fib lines are drawn manually, so are the trend lines.

You can find any templates or indicators for this system to the top of this thread in the upper right hand corner. Just click on the paperclip.

I hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Thanks Forexgenius. I gathered that there is really no need for a template. However I do see that the lines from fibs also have specific words in them, telling you, for instance, that they represent the first/second/third targets. I cannot get these words appropriately written accross the target fib lines.

Also, apparently other indicators are also being used by liquid and najiaforex, and I think these are also considered when taking a decision to pull the trigger.

A template and any custom indicators will perhaps be useful.

Thanks

TF

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
After four days of trading this system with the guidance of some fantastic individuals, I made about 400 pips this week, about $4,000 USD. This is not as much as the veterans in the trading room, but I feel that for me as a beginner in Forex, this is quite decent.

I had some bad trades. the total pips won reflects the losses. I must say that the three bad trades that I had were all my fault. I got impatient and did not stick to the rules of the Daz system. Mike will have to hit my knuckles like the old Catholic nuns used to do.

I wish that more people would post their wins or losses because I know that there are many that are doing well with this system.

It is a very simple and profitable system.

Just learn to be patient and follow what the veterans tell you. Their input is quite accurate.

The best part is, I no longer have to try to figure out trades on my own.

I am learning a lot from the trading room.

Just want to say thanks again to Mike, MikeyC, Liquid, Cafew, Shermenator, poplar and everybody else. I know that I missed a few, I will get you in the trading room.

I look forward to next week.

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
yeah man! be ready for pips eruption next week  have a blessed weekend

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
One may find a lot of encouraging words in the last posts. I like it!

Keep it up guys. I hope I will be able to join you soon!

Take care

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
I would like to post a big thank you to all in the trading room.

I found this forum 2 weeks ago and spent a week studying it and this week I joined the trading room.

I spent a few days lurking and getting a better understanding of the system. It helped me to truly understand that trading is all about patience and not how many trades I can make in a day.

Forexgenius was actively asking questions which helped me to gain a lot of insight from all the answers and on wednesday I personally joined the discussions and even though I thought I understood it all I was blessed by the insights of the members and avoided entering a trade.

Eventually I entered a trade and it was a success. So I can say it is 1/1 for me.

I also feel I learn so much more by focussing on the 4h and 1h TF's as it helps to take out a lot of emotion with the trades.

I am looking forward to another great week next week.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
It took me a couple days to post this update so there will be no chart posted because I do not know how to highlight and put all the pretty symbols on yet. The chart would be two days old and I would have to identify points on the charts.

On Sunday night with MikeyC's help,we analyzed three pairs, the GBPJPY, CADJPY and AUDJPY. The biggest concern that MikeyC had was the more than normal stop loss that would have to be placed on GBPJPY. All the setups looked good.

My concern was trading during the Asian session because I have read many times that the market is so slow during this time that one could actually lose money trading during this time. MikeyC mentioned to me that he had no problems trading during this session; but he could understand why other people would feel that way.

I placed the three trades all short and went to bed. I only placed one lot on each currency because I am still learning the DAZ system. To make up for placing only one lot, I normally place my TP on the second or third take profit point. When I woke up, all the trades had been closed.

CADJPY - I placed this trade for a profit of 11 pips or USD $104.45, because I was testing the knowledge that I had just gained in the trading room the day before about resistance. I knew that price would meet resistance 14 pips away. It worked. I took profit at 11 to be safe. These guys are very knowledgeable.

AUDJPY - This trade closed for 93 pips or USD $885.46.

GBPJPY - This was the trade with the stop loss of over 100 pips. It closed for 260 pips or USD $2,486.14. The risk/reward ratio was about 1:2. I just learned this concept last week.

The total pips made just on Monday were 364 pips or USD $ 3,476.05.

Just in case you are wondering, I do trade with FULL lots and my account is live. These are all LIVE trades.

I continue to learn a lot from everyone on the trading room and pray that one day I will give back more than I have received.

In closing, this thread is fantastic for a new person to really learn down to earth profitable techniques. The experienced guys like Mike, MikeyC, Liquid, Poplar, Shermenator, Cafew and Snoop are very patient, knowledgeable and extremely helpful.

For the guys that are experienced in this market, join this thread and work with a system that really is simple and that works. Just don't try to taint it with your other systems that you know because Mike and the other guys will jump all over you(ha,ha), in a good way !!!

Thanks again guys.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Glad to see you are doing well - keep it up!

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
wow! u r doing great!  we give God the glory for making us to meet Daz who taught this method and wot he did is just wot we are passing unto others.  U r blessed beyond imaginations

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
It was great to watch everyone shooting setups for possible trades all over the place. For me, it got quite overwhelming.

Some folks were getting concerned that no trades were placed on Tuesday due to no good setups. Mike mentioned to us that we will make up for all days missed. That is just the way it is. Again, mike had to remind us to be patient, not to manufacture trades. Mike was right, there were many trades this morning.

I placed three trades this morning. Below is the update on CAD/JPY which hit it's target with 64 pips or USD $612.55. I kept the take profit on the first target. I am still only trading one lot.

I also placed trades on NZD/JPY which was at USD $1,200 but is down to USD $500. I still have it open and EURAUD which reached over USD $1,600. It is currently at USD $1,200. I will keep you updated.

As I was typing this, I checked the trades and closed out NZD/JPY for a total of USD $133.35. Well, I still got a profit out of it.

I let the EUR/AUD trade go and it bounced back to hit my TP for a total of 216 pips or USD $1,707.54.

So my total for today is 294 pips or USD $ 2,453.44.

I must say thanks to Liquid and Poplar who were quite patient with me last night while I asked questions about the charts that Liquid posted. thanks for sharing your knowledge so freely guys.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Glad to see you doing well. =)

Keep it up, and don't be afraid to ask as many questions as possible! It's the only way to learn sometimes =)

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
hi just want to ask is tradingrooms ok? i can't enter it.

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Poplar me too. It looks there is problem on their site

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Nice trading ForexGenius...

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Hi guys:

I have been reading about certain brokers raising what they charge for spreads; it has increased dramatically.

I have also been told of brokers that have changed their rollover rates policy practically overbight. Individuals that had gbp/jpy LONG are now paying interest instead of receiving. Other currency pairs have also been affected.

I use ODL, everything is still the same with them.

Alpari traders have been hit hard.

Please check your broker to see if you are affected.

To see this information for yourself, please go to the main page of Forex Factory. Go down to Trader Discussion and choose "Why I get negative interest when I have gbp/jpy LONG?"

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
I traded three days last week; Monday, Wednesday and 1/2 day on Friday.

My biggest lesson learned was to double check any potential trades with everyone in the trading room. I placed two trades based on the DAZ system guidelines on my own and they both were losers. I am sure that I missed something in placing these trades. These are my first two losses following the DAZ system rules. The two trades were USD/CAD LONG and the AUD/USD SHORT; these were both off the 4 hrs chart in the late afternoon on Wednesday. I think the timing of these trades is the culprit in them going the opposite direction.

Despite the 2 1/2 days trading and the two losses, I finished the week with a total of USD $4,334.77 after the losses are subtracted from the total.

The market is quite interesting at the moment. I look forward to learning what the veterans are thinking later tonight and the early morning.

Again, I extend my thanks to Naijaforex(Mike), Poplar, Liquid, Shermenator, MikeyC and evryone else that I am unable to remember at the moment.

It is great to see the new guys to the forum, but Forex veterans(Oryx), beginning to provide their insight and expertise.

Together we will win !!!

Please remember to post your results. We can all learn from them. I hope that Mike does not mind me stating this, please do not think that your result has to be profitable to be posted. There are many lessons to be learned from trades that did not generate a profit.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Great! am happy that u r doing very well and that is the reason why the room was opened.

We can all learn from them. I hope that Mike does not mind me stating this, please do not think that your result has to be profitable to be posted.

there are losers we posted on the thread. its quite cumbersome for me to keep up with the the thread and the room.

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Sorry, u were caught in the trend reversal/correction saga. i was also caught is some as well! we can't totally eradicate losing else we will not be in the market trading.

all we do is to ensure that our winners far exceed our losers and thank God you achieved that feat.

attached is my TL analysis for ucad daily, i thinking shorting to 1.2?? atmosphere is safe.

have a pipful week ahead

your partner in progress

Naijafx

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
I use this indicator for bar/candle time to end. I am posting this because I see some of you guys in chat room use an older version.

Try using this one. For those unfamiliar with applying it, download it to

//metatrader//experts/indicators --> restart MT4 --> you will find it under Custom indicators.

See you in chat rooms.

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Hi Bee24:

Thanks for the updated indicator. It is much nicer; especially with the timer around the chart.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Hello Fg.,  what exactly is the usefullness of this indicator?

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Hi,

Anyone having problem logging in to trading room as well? Invalid username and password....I'm sure no typo mistake

Couldn't even re-register as well...

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
I don't know what the problem is, its been like this for a few days now, maybe Naijafx might concider moving to a different trading room.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Guyz do you have the same problem like me? I can't enter to any trading room. Every trading room is offline for a few days.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Same here with trading room, keeps closing. Anyone heard from Naija at all.

Can anyone explain why when I put that indicator that bee24 on, it makes my range indicator disappear from the same corner. Can it be manually placed on another part of the screen.

Regards,

Pipmania

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
it seems that i'm not the only 1 who hv got problem login to the trading room for last few days...

now the trading room seems to work well as usual, but u might need to register another user ID to login as I can only login after i register a new ID...

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Trading rooms is working at the moment, but for how long?

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Hi D liberators:

The indicator that Bee provided is a timer.

It lets you know how much time is left before the current candle closes.

It automatically recalculates when the timeframes are changed.

I find it very useful since this way I do not have to track exactly when I placed a trade.

I hope that this helps.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
HELLO, I read all posts, very good, I live in Europe,

who can tell me how to be part of the trading room? excuse my English

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Yesterday, Monday, I had to trade without the help of my buddies in the trading room since access was not available.

I figured that it was time to grow up very quickly and just follow the Daz system and apply what I have learned from everyone in the trading room.

I placed two trades based on the Daz system and both got filled the same day.

GBP/JPY 4 hrs LONG. This trade provided a profit of 93 pips or USD $ 870.95.

AUD/USD 4 hrs LONG. This trade provided a profit of 73 pips or USD $ 730.00.

So, yesterday, I had total pips of 166 pips or USD $ 1,600.95.

I still feel better being in the trading room learning from everyone before placing a trade.

I am still only trading one lot at a time. I normally palce my TP either on the 2nd or 3rd target depending on how far the retracement goes.

Let's keep winning together everyone !!!

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Hi Dinemma:

For instructions on how to join the rtrading room, please read POST #903 and POST #905.

Welcome to the Daz system.

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Hello Forexgenius,

I'm still in learning mode, so would you be kind enough to post charts of your trades with entries.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Hi 4XFactor:

I do not know how to label the entries if the trade is over a day old. Normally the guys go back and identify everything on the chart with arrows and shaded areas.

I promise that the next trade that I take, I will save a picture of the setup immediately. This way I can post exactly what I have traded instead of something with additional candles a day later.

Lately I have been forgetting to save a picture of the trade immediately after taking it because I get too busy writing notes on what I am learning in the trading room. I also get busy testing the things that I learn.

This system works great. You will learn even faster by joining the guys in the trading room. Read post #903 and #905 on how to join the trading room.

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Hi Great trades! I was staring at charts all day yesterday and saw nothing. I'm not quite tuned in yet to spot these trades. I know you said you can't post charts, but could you please please please let us know what level you went in at, and on what 4H candles, and time of your broker, so I can reverse engineer your trades.

I would be very thankful.

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Thank God you made some pips, but i checked again and i didnt see any Daz set up on those pairs (strictly going by Daz rules), though i see what could av been a good setup but the rules would av prevented us from taking the trade. Perhaps a fusion of Daz and Dra (1234 system) is being implemented here.

I'm happy for you all the same.

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
I took this trade yesterday Tuesday, but on a demo account, i was not confident enough to try it out on a live account since there was no clear direction of the trend on the daily Tf.

Long on UJ 4hr TF. Entry was on the arrowed candle (point when the stoch crossed up).

target is at 78.6 fib expansion of AB which is about 250pips.

Stop loss is below C (added 5pips-my own way of placing stop loss) which is 61pips.

Presently trade is close to +30 pips

Pardon my crude way of posting chart, dont know any better and would be glad to learn.

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Hello Traders,

Due to failure of tradingroom adminstrator to keep up the room active and going, thereby, preventing us to go in for trade discussion as usual, i think we better have skype as an alternative so that we all converge in a place and take our trades as usual.

when am done creating one, i will post the link here

thanks

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
skype room is set-up: here is the link

http://www.skype.com/go/joinpublicch...qhQeFtVsoImCSy

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
skype room is set-up: here is the link

http://www.skype.com/go/joinpublicch...qhQeFtVsoImCSy

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
skype room is set-up: here is the link

http://www.skype.com/go/joinpublicch...qhQeFtVsoImCSy

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
skype room is set-up: here is the link

http://www.skype.com/go/joinpublicch...qhQeFtVsoImCSy

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Hello D:

Thanks for posing the question about the trades.

A few individuals have been asking about those two trades.

I must apologize for not mentioning that those trades were placed using the Advanced Entry Rules of the Daz System. Please check post #783 and post #787 for an explanation.

I placed the trades after a retrace to Fib 38.2.

I started trying these after I noticed that the condition of the market was causing less set ups for the regular rules.

Still working on how to place arrows and shades on the charts so that I can post charts of the two trades in question.

I will more than likely post the charts tomorrow. I will be out for the rest of the day.

I hope that this helps clear some things up.

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Anyone able to get into the link for the skype room

I cannot seem to enter the chat room

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
I don't get it whatever the setup I take it fails everytime these last days. This night I took 3 trades on AUDJPY, AUDUSD and NZDUSD on H4 and they all went in the opposite direction. I'm wondering if it's really a good idea to look at the trend on the second higher time frame, why not simply look at the trend on the timeframe we're trading ?

Could someone tell me if the trades I took last night were good setups ?

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
boomswitch,

if you could post your charts with a short explanation of your reasons for entry and entry levels, they can be looked at to see if you are on the right track. Don't be discouraged, when you understand this sytem it works.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Hi Boomswitch,

This week is a slow week for the daz system and most trending systems. I couldn't see any safe setups that I would take in the pairs you mentioned.

The golden rule at the moment is to be patient.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
totally agree oryx but if broomswitch can put his charts up, an explanation may help show why the markets are not reliable at the moment.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Hi, there, trading has been a bit sluggish really and difficult to pick one. as i said earlier, the mkt is testing our patience.

Just be patience.

The NZDUSD u took on 4hr shd have given u 1:1 reward to risk ratio

thanks

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Below is a chart of the latest trade that got filled.

This trade is on the GBP/USD pair on the 4 hrs chart going LONG.

The result was 100 pips+ or USD $1,000.

I placed arrows to show the entry point of the trade.

You will notice that when you shoot your expansions that they will not match up with mine. This is because I do not drag the expansion line to the third point. This is only because I am still only trading one(1) lot at a time.

By the way, please note that this trade was placed with the ADVANCED ENTRY SIGNAL from the Daz system.

You will see that the retracement was to the 50% Fib.

I have noticed that trading at higher timeframes with these signals seems to be quite stable. I would not recommend using it for lower TFs. Mike, please give your input on this. It would be highly appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
same here, everytime i try to enter it looks like his:

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Hi Boomswitch:

Please post your charts so that we can look at them.

I went back to yesterday and unless if I am shooting my fibs wrong, you should have had atleast the first TP for both NZD/USD and AUD/USD taken out. These setups were with the regular Daz method.

I could not see a valid trade for the AUD/JPY pair. I definitely agree with Oryx there.

I was not actively looking for trades last night so I missed these two.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
mjurban,

i had the same problem to start, but i cannot recall how i fixed it. try copy and pasting the link into a new window. i think eventually it just worked for me without doing anything unusual. sorry i'm not much help apart from you knowing that someone who had the same problem eventually got in.

regards.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Hello Everyone:

Take a look at this spike on this NZD/JPY 4 hrs chart.

Does anyone else have this on their chart? This is incredible. I have never seen anything like this.

I feel bad for anyone that was in a LONG trade around this time. A lot of stop losses were definitely wiped out.

That move was about 1,400 pips in size. I am hoping that this was just a malfunction with metatrader or my broker.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
not on my chart fg.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
I see the same spike on my ODL demo account but not on my live fxcm account. I know that forexgenius uses ODL to trade so maybe it was only with ODL?

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
If you guys trade 4 hour charts this might be a nice setup in the making ...

Price is making a nice retracement as well as its attempting to create a head and shoulders. If it retraces a bitt more you guys will have a nice apportunity to sell if the candle foramation takes place....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Thanks for the information shermenator.

I have been watching this pair and was not sure how to trade it because I was not sure about the trend.

When you mentioned about the price retracing a little bit more, I assume that you mean to atleast the FE 61.8 level correct? Looking at the shaded area, it seems that this would be about that point.

This trade could also be taken if it never retraces back to 61.8 under the Daz Advanced entry system could it not? It already retraced past the 50.0 % level.

I have noticed that at 4 hrs or higher timeframes, the advanced entry system is quite effective. What is your thought?

Could you please provide some details on what you mean by "If the candle formation takes place" ?

The price also seems to have found support at the 1.9955 price level the last three attempts down.

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Hi forexgenius, Sherm was trying to target the down TL. Which was why he suggested the retrace shld be a little deeper. However, sherm, the down TL you drew seems to be slightly incorrect, price has not made a lower low. Though you could still draw another down TL using the 1hr chart.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Hello Everyone:

As Mike always says "Be patient". The market is defintiely testing us at this time.

I must tell you that before I found this thread, I felt that I had to make a minimum of one(1) trade daily. I felt strange not placing a trade for the day.

I consider myself new to Forex because I just started trading live in April 2008. It has been a great learning experience.

The one thing that I have learned is to find a system that you are comfortable with, one that makes sense and stick with it. For me the Fibonnacci method and the Daz system are it. The system is simple and makes a lot of sense to me.

I used to look for reasons to take a trade, now I let the market convince me to take a trade. thanks to the guys like Mike, Shermenator, Liquid, MikeyC and all the other kind individuals that are patiently teaching this system to us.

I made this lengthy entry to state that I stopped trading wednesday morning of last week because in my opinion, the market conditions were not condusive for the Daz system. I did the same thing last week. It is hard to believe that I could actually walk away from the market without feeling as though I was going through a withdrawal.

Thanks again to everyone leading this thread and my buddy Oryx for sharing your knowledge with us.

Now, I simply provide an update on my activity so that individuals will know that we do make money using this system. Please do not think that I am bragging. I will feel better when more posts are placed regarding results.

Total net pips for last week    579 pips

Total profits for last week      USD $ 5,678.42

I still have two trades outstanding in negative positions but not stopped out.

I must have been really pre-occupied when I placed them because reviewing them, I noticed that I did not even specify a TP. The moral of the story, make sure that you focus on your trades at all times. Treat it like a business.

Mike said once in the trading room, you can always make up in the market for the trades that you did not take. When the trades come, we will make up for the non-trading days, "Be patient".

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Well done forexgenius. The system is really rocking and I am happy for you that it brings you profits. I am trying to trade that system but the set-ups are very rare especially if one is following only 3 currency pairs.

Regards,

Coobin

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Hi Shermenator:

I placed a trade last night based on your chart yesterday and woke up to find that the trade had been filled.

My trading is still with only one lot. The total were 96 pips or USD $871.77.

Thank you again for sharing your knowledge with us.

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Yeah, i was doing less pairs before and wasn't getting trade but now i trade all the pairs my broker offers.  It works well.  Increase ur currency pairs and do some paper work to assist u in taking decision.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
Hi Coobin:

I remember a discussion in the trading room a while back about individuals trading only certain pairs. The thing that stuck out to me back then was the reply by one of our veterans. He responded by stating that it did not matter to him what the currency pair was, a potentially good trade setup is a good setup no matters the pair.

Many comments have been made by various individuals that it is better to work with only a few pairs so that you can understand their individual behaviours. Before understanding fibonnacci, this seemed to be accurate to me. After learning fibonnacci, my personal feeling is that the emotions are no longer involved in my trading so I simply follow what the daz system and fibonnacci says I should do. to me, understanding the fibonnacci and Daz system is more important than understanding the behaviour of a pair.

Prior to the Daz system, I was trading only about six(6) pairs all USD, I was told that this was the best thing to do. Now, I trade a minimum of 15 pairs. This provides more chances of finding atleast one setup for the Daz system daily and sometimes none. It is more work reviewing each chart, but the results received are well worth it.

The comment made by one of our veterans in the trading room is what had me open up myself to other pairs. This has proven to be very helpful to my trading since I get more possibilities of a Daz setup.

Veterans, you just never know how you are affecting us new guys with your wisdom. Thank you guys, keep discussing.

Now, everything stated above is simply my personal opinion based on my personal experience so far which is less than a year.

The truth is, to be successful with this system or any system, we have to be good students. Decide that this is the system for you and delve into it. Read the thread numerous times, study every chart that is posted and most of all, get involved in actively trading(Keep it very small until you are comfortable, but get started).

Thanks again to everyone involved with keeping this thread alive and well.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Goodstuff ...I will post some of the trades here when I take them as long as it fallows the rules you guys have of hitting the 61.8 fibb at least...

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
What's your tips to define the trend, I think this is my biggest weakness.

Could someone give me an example with the weekly and h4 usdjpy trend right now (why is it an up or downtrend).

This would be greatly appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
DazFx is a trend trading system.it thrives well in a trendy period and it keeps u out of ranging period most times.  We trade along the daily trend from either 1hr or 4hr.  Defining the daily trend have been an issue but i keep it simple. I use TL as my daily trend direction.  USDJPY, the trend is down but it will be difficult getting good entry in 1hr bcoz price has been sandwitched in between two TL making it to consolidate in the two TL But more experienced traders will find entry in 4hr short using the TL bounce on daily as possible profit exit.  Attached are charts on UJ daily and 4h  Hope this is clear?

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Heres a short I am currently in....

I am in the nzdjpy short since the market is short and we had a retracement to the 61.8 of a large wave ...

Pluss nice head and shoulders forming..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Hello Shermenator:

Thanks for the latest post for the NZD/JPY. I saw it 7 hours too late.

My last trade was one that I placed last week Wednesday. I was waiting for this bailout plan to get out of the way. It is tough sitting on the sideline, but I have managed to last this long.

Instead I have been reviewing the thread again to pick up anything that I may have missed in the past. I have also been reading up on anything that I can find regarding the Fibonnacci method so that I can better understand the Daz system.

The question that I have for you and any of the senior members is, do you have any explanation as to why the USD is showing so much strength against other currencies when the US has announced that it needs a bailout plan? I really expected the USD to be weaker at this time.

I guess that this is more for Mike, where do we meet to discuss trades? I finally figured out how to access skype but it is mostly empty and FF trading room is still giving me trouble to get in.

Thanks for your help.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Simply because the news was not strong enough to change the sentiment in the market...meaning that the news simply was not strong to change the direction....most of the times news is simply a spike and then returns to its original direction..

I dont care about news when I trade ...only nonfarm lol

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Hi Shermenator:

Thanks for your great insight.

I have seen setups that I could have traded but chose to sit on the sideline because I was very concerned about the effects of this bailout announcement.

I saw a few of the trades that I would have placed do well and I started to wonder when one should enter a trade.

Your response has definitely helped me get my head back on straight.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
there have been so many daz trades most especially on 4hr.

these includes

NZDJPY

AUDCHF

on 4hr

there have been so many but just to point at these two

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Yep...think about this...when you visually analyse over the past setups that worked out in your charts ...do you ever think about the news events that took place? this is also the same thing with Vhands the simulator....when you are using it you dont know what news is coming out. Forex is simply a constant battel between support and resistance ...so simply trade what you see

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Hi Mike:

Thanks for pointing out the trades based on the Daz system. These are some of the trades that I am referring to about not taking them.

I really thought that I had to wait for this bailout mess to be taken care of before trading again; so I just stopped trading as of last week Wednesday even though I saw setups that seemed really good.

I could not get into the trading room to brainstorm with you guys to find out if sitting out was the best thing to do. Well, atleast I did not lose any money.

Whenever I logged into skype there was no-one there.

What am I missing about communicating with the Daz group?

Thanks for the feedback Mike.

I will get back to my trading ways. I was beginning to get a little confused about what I should be doing.

Looking back, my confidence was shaken a bit when I did not know what to do.

I just learned today that all I had to do was post my question or concern and I would have been back on track a long time ago.

Thanks to you and Shermenator, I am back on track.

I pray that I will give back to others the way you guys keep helping me out.

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Very clear sir, thank you.

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Go to the link below, it may give you an interesting understanding as to why the USD is getting stronger...

http://www.forexfactory.com/news.php?do=news&id=111160

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Nice 4 hour selling apportunity might take place in the Eur cad...

we have a nice downtrendline getting impacted as well as a nice fibb number getting hit....JUST BE VERY PICKY ABOUT THE CANDLE FORMATION...THATS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A WINNER AND LOSER....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Hi Sherm, I suppose the candle formations we are looking for are the tweezertops, eBr and evening star which Dra advocates right?

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Hello Aad:

The information definitely helped me get a better understanding of the financial world.

This world of Forex is amazing.

Thanks for the link.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Hello Everyone:

Sorry to write that last week, I made no trades and so had no results.

Due to lack of experience in the Forex world, I thought that I had to wait for the bailout plan to be signed before trading again.

Now, do not ask where I got that from, this was all in my head. I came up with this ingenious thought all on my own and I was briefly proud of myself.

The lesson learned hear is that the Daz system is a technical system, it does not care about fundamentals. I now understand what these terms really mean. As Shermenator wrote "Just trade what you see"; I will start following these wise words.

Just for the record, there were many Daz trade setups last week, I just chose not to trade them because of my great idea of not trading. Mike pointed some of them out in the thread.

Well, we learn as we go right? When in doubt, post it on the thread. Somebody will provide a sense of direction.

Thanks for all of the great support from everyone in the thread and the trading room.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
SoyaBean:

Will you please tell me what eBr stands for?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Hi forexgenius, it refers to the bullish or bearish engulfing candles.

I would strongly recommend you to check out another great thread on this forum, by Dra, ABCD setups. It uses trendlines and fibs. Personally I feel that daz method and dra's are complimentary in nature and I am still learning to trade both methods well.

Dra advocates entry only on 3 candle formations, the tweezer tops, engulfing patterns and eveing/morning stars.

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Here is another setup to look at for next week

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

my bad if I post them in more then one post since I am currently going over all my charts

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Here is another setup since the market is as well in the buy zone lets see how it plays out...also we have finnaly manage to close above a weekly trendline...even though this trendline has been played around with for the 4 hour trades and smaller time frames ...for the longer term traders it is still valid support so we should find some nice buy limits in this are...the market is in the buy zone meaning that your impusilve waves are up...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Good head up by sherm, they are nice setup but wait till the mkt opens to see if all our entry criterias are met.

Good head up

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Hi Dazfx,

I am really impressed at the analysis you put up on the use of FIB and i quite agreed with most of your analysis, but I am particularly not very clear of the way you draw your FIB. so if you can throw more light on that.

Karobi

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Plz shed more light to ur question, if u r quite impressed with our use of fib, u shdn't have problem understanding how we draw it.

maybe shedding more light to your question will enable us to give answer that will solve the puzzle u have in ur mind

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Hi Soyabean:

Thanks for the tip about the complimentary system to Daz. I will take a look.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
I trade the two methods very well and dra has injected fresh ideals in trading daz with more success. if u can marry the two system well, am sure u will never do less than 20% monthly.

I assure u that!

something to ponder on!

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
If you guys trade the gbpusd the market might now change impulsive waves...meaning that the impulsive wave will become the bullish swings we might get support kicking in this fallowing days...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
That might be true but most times the stoch will keep us out of such bad and trickish situation.

4rh time frame is solid for this system as u are sure of getting better setup when they come and make sure u obey the daz rules.

This method looks simple but very delicate.

Bud, thanks for the head up once again

DAZ TRADERS, LET US MEET IN SKYPE ROOM FOR 1HR LECTURE ON TRADING THIS METHOD WITH OPTIMAL SUCCESS ON 4HR TIME FRAME.

ON MONDAY BY 10AM GMT

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Yep bud I whanted to make sure they understan the market was changing from sell zone to buy zone...since most people dont catch the change of direction untill they lost a couple of trades...and then once they do realize it then  changes again...

as a currency trader you dont whant to be a laggin indicator...you always whant to be ahead of price or at least keep up with it...

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Once again thanks for the insight, i think this is part of the issue that will be resolved in the room when we meet on monday.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Hi Shermenator

I am new to the thread, how do you get the price levels on your fibs as shown in your post.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Since Sherm is currently not around please refer to the link below...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...46#post2151246

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Yea you write the %$  and you get it...hows your trading going bud....?

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Hi Sherm,

I see you've been doing very well.

So far it's been an interesting ride for me with all the financial troubles this past few weeks. Some say Forex is currently trading at around 50% volume do to many firms going under, but thankfully the Intraday Fibs have kept me out of major trouble.

Patience and watching PA react to our Fibs is the key, predict nothing...

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
I completly agree....hit me up in skype bud...I ll show you some new stuff I am doing to trade it gives me a very high probabilty win ratio and its less stressful...

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Sounds good Sherm, though I've never used Skype before...

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Hi Mike:

Please count me in for the meeting on Monday.

It is good to know that we are getting together.

Look forward to meeting everyone again.

By the way Mike, thanks for giving so freely of your time and knowledge.

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Hi Mike and Soyabean:

Following the recommendations to review the ABCD method to better understand the Daz system, I did over this weekend and it sure cleared up a lot of things for me, especially about trend lines. I was having a big challenge understanding how to draw them.

These two systems combined will dramatically improve our trading indeed.

I look forward to learning from you guys about how this will be done.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Hello DAZfx

Can you provide custom indicators you use for example (Impulse Wave-Retracement), please?

mima

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
How is the risk/reward calculated since we trade with 3 lots ? Could someone help me with this ?

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
EXIT STRATEGY

Carrying on from the previous example, I would exit my first lot at Target 1. If price does reach Target 2, I will take out the second lot, and move my stop loss to Break Even (Entry point). I will then take out my last lot when Target 3 is reached.

If you look at the charts provided, you can see that the targets can be calculated using the Fibonacci Expansion tool.

-When the confirmation candle is a Harami (Inside bar), use FE 50.0 as Target 1, FE 61.8 as Target 2 and FE 78.6 as Target 3.

-When the 'AB' wave consists of more than 10 candles, use FE 50.0 as Target 1, FE 61.8 as Target 2 and FE 78.6 as Target 3.

-When the confirmation candle is quite large, use FE 61.8 as Target 1, FE 78.6 as Target 2 and FE 100.0 as Target 3.

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Hey Naijafx,

I got the exit strategy well, what I meant is with wich of the three targets you have to calculate that 1:1.5 ratio. The first one or the third one ?

Let's say my stop loss is at 100 pips, my first target at 50 pips and my third target at 150 pips. If I take the first target the ratio is 100:50 = 1:0.5 but if I take the third target now the ratio is 100:150 = 1:1.5 and the setup becomes valid. So that makes a big difference...

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
Quite a few "interesting" post here. Good to see you guys doing well.

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Hi guys. I have been following this thread for sometime now and I am really interested in learning this strategy by DAZfx. Could anyone direct me on how to get to the skype trading room that will be starting  in a few minutes time? Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Hi Wahnone:

Please go to page 73, post #1095 for instructions on how to access Daz system discussion via skype.

looking forward to you joining us soon.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Hello Everyone:

I have been in the skype room for about 30 minutes now and there is nobody else there; did I miss something?

Did I get my timeframes confused.

I am in CST zone and figured that we were starting abround 5:00 A.M. my time. Please let me know if I missed something.

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
So far I have no trades this week....this seems to be something forming if it retraces a bitt deeper...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Please guys, is the teaching on the trading room currently going on? I couldn't access it on Skype. Any help pls...

Edit: Access gained to the trading room.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
I cant join either. tried many many times in the past,

but Naija has showed his kindness and patience in the trading room for my first appearance. Learnt a lot.

Thx Naija

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Hello all, I believe this is a possible setup on EURGBP on the 4H chart:

1) Price has retraced to 61.8 fib

2) Confirmation candle not higher than the candle before

3) Reversal finds resistance off the 4H downtrend line.

Waiting for stoch to start crossing down.

May I clarify again, when does the stoch has to turn down? At the candle after confirmation candle? If the stoch only turns down at the 2nd candle after the confirmation candle, would it still be a valid daz setup?

Also, I noticed a bullish divergence on the stoch and a tweezer bottom, how does that affect the setup? Too many doubts = not a good setup?

Thanks for the advice!

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
For those of you who would like to know more about drawing trendlines and incoporating them in this system, then download this right away. The PDF file contains all that was discussed today in the skype trading room. Even if you are not a trader of this system, and just interested in learning how to draw trendlines, then grab this quick.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Hi Shermenator:

I waited for the retrace to hit the 50% retracement level, waited for my confirmation candle and placed the trade short as you recommended.

I placed my TP at the first target and made 79 pips or USD $693.28.

You keep this up, I will have to mail you a steak dinner.

The whole transaction took no more than 2 hours.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Hello Mike:

Thanks for spending all that time with us this morning imparting your wisdom on us.

Like you said, you spent 7 hours with us and could not place a single trade. The blessings will be returned my friend.

Thanks again for all of your help.

P.S.

Thank you Wahnone for the PDF. That was done very quickly. I love the teamwork.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
No problem bud...I ll keep on posting the setups I see..

Make sure you include barbeque sauce with it lol...

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Its a currency worth the watching for short...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
May I ask a question here please.

I was watching this pair in 1hr tf.

G/J retrraced less than 61.8%, BUT pinbar formed and stoch turning down. so how do we pick up a trade if the retrace is less then 61.8% percent?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Hi RobinC:

The answer to your question is answered by Mike in post #783.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Thank for that, I have attached the chart.

Hope the the setup on the chart is the right one on 1hr tf...

1. Fibo 50% retrace,

2. Bearish Hidden divergence.

3. Pinbar confirmation candle

Thanks, Again

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Hi Robincys:

Sorry for just getting back to you.

From the chart posted, your impulse wave has way too many candles for the short that you are thinking of. I assume that it is short because of the way you drew your Fibs.

It is recommended for the maximum number of candles to be 10 - 12 and no less than 4 for an effective trade. This is a slight modification to the original Daz system.

I am sure that you will receive feedback from the more experienced guys soon.

Great to see you implementing your knowledge.

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
hello, what do you think of this one, eurjpy h4, using the advanced rules :

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
This looks good if the stochs cross below.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Hi Boomswitch:

After reviewing the potential EUR/JPY 4hrs chart trade, on my chart it seems as though your stop loss would be quite large, over 200 pips.

Personally, I do not mind large stop losses if the potential payout is a minimum 2X the SL.

I suggest that you pay close attention to your R:R before placing the trade.

Keep implementing.

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Its nice a short I like it...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Thanks for that. It's now much clearer to me for the impulsive wave. I

Gonna reread the thread again.

Thanks again,

Robin

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Hi Shermenator:

Thanks for another great tip.

I did not trade this potential setup because I never got the proper setup.

Thanks again for all your help.

I will make sure to include barbeque sauce with that steak.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Hi People

This is a set-up I observed yestarday.

Comments will be apreciated.

regards,

Coobin

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Nice setp...I would of pulled my fibb high to the previous high due to the fact it really is all one move since you did not have enough consolidation at the spot you placed it ....or a true retracement..

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Hello, I havent posted before but I'm watching this thread because I'm trading using fibs in a very similar way.

coobin, regarding the chart you posted, I think that yesterday was a good setup for a short. I would have used a Sell Stop Order arund 93 and the Stop Loss a little bit above the top in C.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Yup, nice! I noticed an advance setup of the same move on the 4h chart too.

And on EJ...

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Another setup which I took.

But my stoploss was not tight, I should have entered at the 5 sma, I didnt manage to get in when it retraced to the sma, entered late with a very high stoploss. I am going for target 3 for a 1:1.

According to the system, if the confirmation candle is long, the first target should be at 61.8, but I used 50.0 because I was away for sch and wanted to secure profits early. Will be closing 2nd lot after posting and move sl to b/e.

Appreciate any comments.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Hi Again,

Thanks guys for your comments.

I am quite new to this method but I must say it is a powerful one. You got only to have a patience and wait for the proper set-up.

Since I can't participate in a trading room, I would like to learn as much as I can from the thread. So please post your charts so we can learn togoether.

regards,

Andrzej

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
hello all,  I have been off the mkt for two days due to failed connection. happy to see that so many trades were successful trading in the zone.  Happy pipping

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Subsequently, u place PO around sma5 in anticipation that price will get there. Most times it does.

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
I didnt thought of that, was too anxious on getting in, thanks for the advice! Could use a PO for future entries near or above sma.

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Hello Everyone:

I have to keep reminding myself this week about what Mike said in the trading room once, "The market will help you make up for the trades that you miss".

It just so happens that this week I have been running around taking care of lots of very important family business and my timing for the trades has been really off.

By the time I get back to the house, I have missed the setups. This is what happened with the setup that Shermenator suggested yesterday.

I am learning a lot about how to manage my time better. I trade mainly off the 4 hours chart so I have to start planning my outings around these crucial times.

I have not placed a trade for the last two days because I just keep missing the timing on the setups.

Looking at all the setups that I have missed the last few days, I started to feel frustrated, but as I write this post, I have started calming down because I know that Mike is right.

Thanks for allowing me to vent my frustration.

Any ideas that will help me will be greatly appreciated.

By the way, does anyone know what is going on with the FF trading room or the site? Internet explorer gives me a message that it can't access the site. This has been going on for over a week for me.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Broke support at 0.6167 ,come back to retest the same area real close- Entered at 0.6067 stop at 0.6105.fib at 61.8 ,trendline connnecting on top. Currently up 54 pips.I will probably close soon early in day. We had a 5 candle down wave .I consider this a high probablity trade because it broke support and close to retest at the 61.8 fib- Have a good day.

Tex

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
the following gave signal same time too

I for one trade 4hr and find it more reliable so when i get 1hr signal, I go for 1:1 risk / reward ratio

who says trading in the zone is not profitable?

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Hi Mike:

Nice to know that you are back.

Thanks for reminding us about trading in the zone(the very enhanced Daz System). This is the solution to my ranting.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
This is a currency worth the look for a short ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
This is also worth the look for long..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Good job on the trades.

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Hi Shermenator:

Thanks for confirming those two possible setups for me. I was actually looking at those two the EUR/USd and USD/CHF pair.

I have been watching both wondering if there was a trend reversal. From your post today, do you believe that the trend has reversed for both USD/CHF and EUR/USD?

The other pair that I noticed tonight is the AUD/CAD. I do not know if it is too early to say but I am thinking that the trend might have reversed for this pair as well.

Please let me know what you think.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Hi all, this is a setup I just took on USDCHF.

I have posted 3 charts, first showing a trendline break and a bounce off the 1H uptrendline, based on what I learnt from Dra's ABCD 1234 system

2nd showing my entry decisions based on the advanced entry of Daz system. Hidden divergence on the stoch.

Lastly the Daily Chart showing why I took the trade with reference to the Daily stoch and uptrend correction.

Hopefully all goes well with this trade. I might be closing 1 lot a 1:1.5 to secure profits early although Target 1 is further away.

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Very nice trades! Informative too, will study them in greater detail. Thanks again Mike.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
It will be too early to say that the trend is reversing, if u look at the following charts, u will quite agree that we are in sell zone on  daily and weekly, buy zone on 4hr but mkt needs to break the TL resistance in magneta and yellow color to be comfortably on buy zone, obviously on comfortable buy zone on 1hr.

Mkt looks to head for correction up to 1.4427 and 1.4743 atm but we must watch how price behaves at 4hr TLs to give final verdict but for now scalping at 1hr for 1:1 when signal comes along the buy zone will produce good result.

No matter wot, we will alwayz get good trades at different zones

Just my 100 Naira contribution

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Closed 1 lot at 1:1.5 for 20 pips and moved sl to b/e. Price seems to be reversing on the 30 mins chart. Looks like this trade might ot work out =(.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
The more the bounce on TL the stronger the TL becomes, here was the first Long signal on that TL after connecting A to C.

Like i said earlier, 1:1 trade is very reliable at this level and if entry was made at sma5, that feat would have been achieved.

let see how price behaves at different levels

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Possible setup forming in the following pairs

NZDUSD

EURAUD

NZDJPY

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
I dont like any of those trades my friend....most of the trendline you are looking at are to vertical...also price stop breaking lows in daily chart coming to a pause to the movements....

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Possible setup forming in the following pairs on 1hr

NZDUSD

EURAUD

NZDJPY

I will definitely take NZDUSD when if it forms but the signal bar for the other pairs might be news bar so will not take that base on our rules.

every other thing looks good for trading in the zone on 1hr

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Goodluck with it bud...I dont like them for several reasons

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
These are possible formation taking shape, they might and they might not give signals but as for you reason, may sound nice but stoch and price action will keep us out of bad trades.

Trust me!

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Like I said my friend good luck with the trades lol...you know me and you know I dont like indicators since they lag to what price tells me and in forex you whant to be ahead of things or at least keep up with the speed of forex...

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
This is one of my current trades...lets see how it plays out

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Hi All,

I took a trade according to DAZ setup yesterday and it was a loser. Although I was already in profit about 150 pips I was asleep at that time and coudn't close it.

My entry was where the arrow shows down on the 5SMA. The stoploss is where the dotted line is.

I would be grateful for any comments from the experienced followers of that system what went wrong in that particular trade.

Thank you all.

Coobin

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
how would u have allowed 150pips to be a loser! if u have followed daz's rule for exit, u would have gotten to target 1.

the mkt is misbehaving these days so exit has been strictly to 1:1 or 1:1.5 personally to avoid giving back to the mkt.

and i posted on this about the time u took this trade, maybe u didn't see it or u ignore the advice but i think now that u have learnt and it will not happen to you again.

keep it up!

u did well to have spot good trade

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
It was nice setup you took my friend...your only flaw is the way you are grabbing your fibb tool...grab entire movements since you are grabbing the move in the midle....the best places of starting a fibb should always be a clear cosolidation meaning a clear high. Also when in doubt of fibb placement whle you learn jump to the 4 hour chart to see the swing better and place the fibb correctly and then drop to the 1 hour chart and start trading from it.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Hi Again,

Thanks Shermenator and Naijafx for your help.

I am still learning and I need your help.

Shermenator, As far as my usage of fibbs is concerned. yes I do understand you, but I placed the fibbs from the 1hour chart point of view, so to speak. That way it was not in a middle of the move. If I had grabbed all the move from the 4H chart then there would have not been a trade as it never retraced to 61.8 fib on the 4 hour chart.

Actually it is now happeing on the 4H chart, please see if the fibbs are correctly drawn now.

I think this is gonna be a nice setup.

Thanks .

Coobin.

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Hi Soyabean:

Thanks for your nice charts and explanations for each trade.

I took that same trade on USD/CHF and instead used the 1:1 ratio on the 1 hour chart which I rarely trade, and it worked out just fine.

My stop loss was about 34 pips and my TP was 40 pips was hit before a reversal in price took place.

I did not take the EUR/USD because based on my R:R of the 1:1 ratio, my SL would have been over 100 pips while my TP would have been about 87 pips. The TP was hit before retracement took place.

Thanks Mike for the reminder about trading in the zone. I prefer to trade 4hrs and higher, but this zone trading with the Daz system is quite simple.

Thanks Shermenator for your continued insight.

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Hi Mike:

thanks for the explanation of market reversal.

I will study your comments in-depth to get a better understanding as to when the market is reversing trend.

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
When you grabb the swing from the 4 hour chart what you are doing is ignoring the noise...I traded intraday for a while and would still grabb the swing that I told you from the 1 hour chart ...I trade different then you guys as well...I dont mind what fibb number hits..

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
This is a current short I just took on the the eurgbp...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Mike:

Firstly, are these trend lines drawn correctly on the 1 hr chart.

What happens when the short trend line is broken as in the picture?

Pink = Short

Green = Long

Please remind me what we do once the line is broken.

Thanks for your help.

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Hi Everyone:

What are your thoughts on a possible LONG on the 1 hr chart for EURUSD trading the zone and Daz system?

We still have to wait for the confirmation candle to form and close and stoch to point upwards in the next hour and a half.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Hi bro,

I think this would not be the best of trades as the 4H down trendline is just a couple of hours ahead. It is always difficult to trade on a wave correction in my opinion. Would prefer to sit out when in doubt.

Nevertheless I guess you could scalp a 1:1 with a good candle formation (bullish engulfing, morning star or tweezer bottom).

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Usdjpy h4 looking good. We'll see in 45 minutes.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
No clear direction in either way...true scapling only...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Pay close attention for short...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
You are right but with the divergence I still took it as it was a good setup. Let's see how it develops...

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
Hi buddy:

Thanks for the quick feedback.

I did not place the trade and I feel really good now that I did not.

Before stepping out, I did not get the candle formation anyway.

Thanks again for the help.

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Looking like a great setup for short in the making...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Nice! Head and shoulders... good spot sherm

A closer look at the 1H chart also reveals a possible gartley pattern with entry at a tweezer top supported by a down trendline! Missed this entry =(

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
2 first targets hit for 130 and 190 pips, third lot still running with SL at BE.

Even if it was not a real good Daz trade I took it because of the strong divergence and the good risk/reward ratio.

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Very nice trade...I did not like because it did not show me high probabilty and I only like high probabilty trades but very nice trade

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
I’ve been trading a very similar system for the last couple of years with quite good results. I however use 61.8 – 76.4 fib levels and 10-3-3 low/high for my stochastic. I think that those who only look at 1 and 4 hour timeframes miss out on a lot of trades though because I take most of my trades off the 15 minute. I always look at the 1 and 4 hour for direction, but get in of candlestick patterns on the 15 minute charts, basically the CI System that’s found in Rob Moubray and Ken Marshall’s e-book, Guide to profitable forex day trading. Candlestick patterns off the 15 minute usually coincide with the 5/13 ema crossover so you could actually do a search in this forum and get one of those crossover indicators with an alert so every time the 5 and 13 ema cross the alert goes off and I just check my charts to see if it is a valid trade on the 15 minute. The downside of the alert is that when the market is going sideways it goes off all the time, but of course you don’t take those trades, just use the alert as an alert to check your charts. The other advantage of the 15 minute charts is that you don’t need as much of a stoploss as the swing low or swing high is smaller. Anyways, don’t discount the 15 minute, if you learn to trade it properly you wont get whipsawed at all. I also use a macd and look at Elliott waves as extra filters and am getting a very good win/loss ratio.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
I’m unsure if I’m allowed to post it here... but if anyone wants that 2 part e-book that is similar to this system but goes into more depth and also has other chart patterns besides fib levels for your entry, just send me a private message with your email address and I’ll email it to you.

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Please help me, am I doing something wrong? Watch my charts

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Hi Kuba, I think the firsrt chart has too many candles for the impulsive wave. It has been reocmmended to keep it between 4-10.

The second chart, I just took a quick look at the daily, stoch has already crossd down. It looks like the move is topping out, hence we should should be looking to short it at the 1h, or just sit out until the next retrace.

my 2 cents...

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Very good risk reward/ratio, I take it.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
...failed ! That was a crappy market yesterday...

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
You were trading against divergence with that one. Look at the previous swing low on  6 Oct and the low on 10 Oct. When you get divergence like that you normally get an ABC correction, so look for a 3 wave correction before jumping on and as a guideline the anticipated target of the correction is the previous swing high, double top from 9 Oct. More importantly though you need the ABC correction. Always look at waves on degrees lower and 1 degree higher to the timeframe you are taking the trade off. I advice that you also throw on Bill William’s Awesome Oscillator or the standard MACD and then drag your stochastic over the top of it and then go to smaller timeframes before taking the trade. Never trade against the AO divergence until it has completed a correction. I would only have started looking for shorts on the eurusd after I had divergence on the AO on the 15 minute chart, and of course I would want a candlestick pattern and a resistance area such as a double top or trendline. Don’t take every setup, look at the bigger picture and take only the trades with more things going for it and you’ll find the win/loss ratio will improve.

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Great advice. Could you elaborate more on this part, "always look at waves on degrees lower and 1 degree higher to the timeframes you are taking the trade off."? A chart would be nice.

Also, interesting viewpoint on checking for divergence on the lower charts. I have been checking on higher tf charts instead.

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
I look at Elliott Waves and as you probably know the Elliott Wave Principle works on motive and corrective phases. The theory is that in an uptrend you have 5 waves up (numbered) and 3 waves down (lettered). And every wave has smaller subwaves within it, so for example wave 3 on the 1 hour will have 5 subwaves which can be easily spotted one degree lower (on the 15 minute chart). When wave 3 on the 1 hour is completed you will normally get divergence on the 15 minute chart which means you now will have an ABC correction so if I’m trading the 15 minute chart I wouldn’t be taking the next candlestick entry signal to go long, because more likely then not it is wave B. When wave B has finished you could trade wave C if you wanted to, but if you prefer to only take trades with the trend you would wait for wave C to complete and then trade wave 5 on the 1 hour which again should have 5 subwaves going up. It depends on how aggressive you are, you could enter wave 5 (on the 1 hour) off a candlestick pattern once you can see an ABC, remember to make sure that the ABC is complete otherwise you will jump in half way through wave 4 and of course you will get stopped out. I am more conservative and will wait for subwave 1 and 2 to complete and then jump in on subwave 3 of wave 5. Of course it’s not as simple as that because you often get wave extensions but after a while you can easily count the waves, and if you can’t, just leave that market alone and move to another currency. It’s a bit hard to explain but read this, and remember these aren’t true Elliott Waves, Elliott works on price alone, these are waves of momentum. They are however often the same as Elliott Waves only they don’t take the 3 rules of Elliott into account. It will however keep you out of trouble and give you a basic understanding of Elliott Waves. I don’t trade it strictly the way the manual says, I use candlestick patterns to enter my trades rather then a dma, and like I said, I look at price to mark my waves rather then momentum. I do however use the Awesome Oscillator for divergence at the end of wave 5 and want the oscillator to pull back to zero for wave 4 to be complete and then start looking for entries into wave 5. Remember to always look at subwaves though ALWAYS.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Forgot to mention… I take all my trades off the 15 minute chart but always look at the 1 and 4 hour. With the 15 minute I can use a very little stoploss and because I know what wave we should be going into on the higher degree, I can let my second contract run until subwaves tell me that it’s ready to pull back. And I only trade waves 3-5 and C of the 15 minute. That of course means that may trade wave A and 4 of the 1 hour, but only subwaves 3-5 and C within them. A bit hard to explain, so sorry if I’ve confused you.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Hello Everyone:

The system that I used was out of commission until today.

Last week I placed seven trades in the first two days of the week. So far this week, I have placed none. I am just getting back on-line today.

Anyway, the result from my trades was a total net of about USD $1,500. I had two losing trades for a total of USD $991.88 and five winning trades for a total of USD $2,535.63.

We shall see how the rest of this week goes.

Good to see that everyone is implementing what has been taught by Mike and our other veterans.

Let's become millionaires together.

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
I have received a few messages asking about the "System" that I use referring to the statement "The system that I use was out of commission" in my last post.

Just to let everyone know, the system that I was writing about is the computer laptop that I use to trade with. The trading system that I use is the New and Improved Daz system with some help from the ABCD system by Dra.

I decided to stay out of the market for the remainder of this week. This means that I placed no trades this week.

I pray that everyone has a great weekend and that we all enjoy huge pip profits next week.

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Im curious, anyone tried using this with DIBS?

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
Good day traders,

Hope u all had nice weekend.  I want us to meet in the room for like 20mins for a very important discussion on the new improved daz method.

skype room

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Hey, guys,

Been in the room for the 3rd wk, learning lots of stuff from kind people, special thanks to Naijafx (Mike), Chris and DLIBERATORS:

The aud/cad trade was the one covered lots of thing from Naijafx, the green horizontal line was was the 5sma retrace entry candle.

1. 4hr gartely pattern.

2. 1hr TL need to break and retest which Naijafx mentioned many many times.

3. when 1hr TL broken and before retesting, a hidden bull convergence there, Naijafx mentioned this on Monday.

4. Daz's setup entry.

5. Patience

We been watching this trade since last friday, triggered only yesterday

Again, wanna to repeat what I been told many times in the room:" Be patient and wait the market come to u"

Cheers,

Robin

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Hi guys,

Is the Trading Rooms room still being used?  The room was never open previously and I can't even login to Trading Rooms now.  Has it moved to Skype?

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Hello Guys,

I see a possible sell is forming in GU H1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Not many setups these last days but it looks like we could have some this week in the daily timeframe.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
hi there,  we have gotten signals on erujpy, eurusd, usdjpy twice this week and all are winners

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Could you give me the exact date and timeframe on which some of these signals appeared please ? I missed all of them...

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Hello Everyone:

I have been trying to figure out how we stay in touch and so far I have no success.

I have no access to tradingroom.com. It is not working when I try to go to the website.

There is no-one in the skype room when I visit it.

How is everyone staying in touch?

I have been just trading on my own but I enjoy being with the group.

I look forward to an answer.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
I have traded USD/CHF, GBP/USD, and EUR/USD so far this week  and they were all winners. I may have missed what others got but that's part of  trading. Not all traders see the market the same way. Once I decided to make my  own trading decisions and not listen to what others have to say my success ratio  went up. Daz presented a simple trading method on this forum and somehow others  made it more complicated. The setups are always there on different timeframes. I  look for them on logical S/R areas not just trendlines and if I see a signal I  take it and manage my trade as it evolves. Just my 2 Cents. Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
quite an age, been looking for u. would u plz elaborate more on the above statement................. its a bit ambiquous and might chase newbies away from the thread.

thanks man

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Hey Mike.  I didn't know you were looking for me. We should chat again sometimes. I'll try  to elaborate. If you are really worried about newbies you should give them the  most important advise a veteran can give. And that is they should make the  trading system their own. No two traders are the same even if they follow the  same system. Boy I wish someone had given me this advice when I started out. It  would've saved me time and money both. We were fortunate enough to be part of  this system when dazfx originally posted it. We chatted with him in our trading  room and learned from him. Then he left and all of sudden people introduced this  indicator and that indicator and this new rule and that new rule and so on.  That's when I decided to bail out of this thread and the trading room. I learned  the hard way information overflow can kill you in this business.

Daz  introduced a simple way of trading and believe it or not it works. Each trader  can then adapt the method in a manner that fits his/her personality. For example  you discovered that drawing dynamic trendlines fit your trading style better and  that's perfectly all right. But that doesn't mean that it's the only way to look  for setups. It's just what you perceive as an optimal setup. I on the other hand  like to look for previous highs and lows and drop to a lower time frame and look  for setups. That doesn't mean my way is better than someone else's. It's just  how I see the market.

So when someone posts a question wondering why he  didn't see the setups you saw I tried to tell him to go back to the first page  and try to understand the basics and make this system work for his style of  trading and that's all.

Remember, you and I can follow the same system and  produce drastically different results. You can get rich and I can go broke and  that's the reality of trading. So don't take offense to what I say. The market  humbled me in the past but gave me the experience I needed to turn the corner  and if I can share my experience with a fellow trader I won't hesitate.

Take  care my friend.

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
hello there,

I haven't visited this thread for some time and it looks very complicated to me nowadays when looking at your charts here.  However, I spotted a very good opportunity for SHORT on the eur/gpb on the hourly.  Entry point could be roughly around 0.7960  with stoploss no more than 0.7980.  The pair has banged against the 78.6% retracement and in a smooth downtrend.  Good luck.  sorry that I cannot post the picture here.

see you guys in skype.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
here is the chart.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
sorry, here is the chart

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
wow,  this eur/gbp trade stopped me out.

Anyway, scanning for new opportunities....

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
the mistakes that I made for this eur/gbp was that  I was too confident for it.  Stoch wasn't crossed down yet,  as the same time, the confirmation candle was only  forming and no entry candle yet.

We should enter only with the entry candle which is the third candle from the top.

Yep, violation of these rules will kill you.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Hey, mike warned us before for Daz's setup if we seeing a bull divergence before, we need stoch to crossed not crossing to confirm the divergence completed..

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
good setup ?

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
I got a few private messages asking me about how I trade dazfx based on the comments I made on post 1255 last week. I don’t specifically look for dazfx but I do use it as an entry method based on how I observe the market on longer timeframe. I’m attaching a word document with an example of a trade I made last week. As you see you may use any entry method you are comfortable with but I’ll reference a dazfx setup in order to clarify what I said. I don’t always look for setups on 15Min chart. This was only for day trading purposes.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
The truth is we will not trade same way, we will have to trade wot suits our personality.

Daz, its a nice way of trading but the creator wasn't around to put us through when we are making those losses as a result of picking wrong impulsive wave/wrong trend direction. then we were (PID,Chowclown,DoubleTop,Noel,Suspect,fiborex et al)

we all went away to look for how to trade this better before I figure out the infusion of TL to this strategy.

Rumba, i even incorporate support turning into resistance into my trading arsenal and even more, all to have confluence at trading daz.

Trading any method without proper understanding of the market will burn, so who ever is PMing you, shd trade the basics and get feel for mkt rhythm............

Rumba, that was a good one............

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
I have to agree with Naija, any System/Method/Strategy without the feel for market is like gambling in the casino. I believe we all became good traders. Keep it up guys, the goal is getting close! The Best never Rest, keep going! Spiral out!

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Hey Naija
I don't blame daz for any losses I or anyone might have suffered due to his departure. You can take the best trading system and lose with it if you think there is an exact formula to trading. Every currency pair behaves a certain way and market conditions change constantly. All we can do is try not to get run over by our own greed. I've minimized the pairs I trade and I even may end up trading only one pair at some point....who knows. As a trader we all need to find our strength and stick with it. What I can count on is strong S/R levels on higher timeframes to avoid making dumb trading decisions. Despite all the recent volatilities in the market my approach still seems to work. Of course I need to be more generous with my stops but as long as I follow my money management strategy I know I can survive in this market.

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
We took those losses then bcoz most of us are newbies but we would have learnt faster if the creator were to be around.  Honestly, am happy to have learnt the hard way and am back to my root in fx  incorporating all that i have learnt into it.  Good post rumba, and hope to see u in the room soon  Mike

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
We took those losses then bcoz most of us are newbies but we would have learnt faster if the creator were to be around.  Honestly, am happy to have learnt the hard way and am back to my root in fx  incorporating all that i have learnt into it.  Good post rumba, and hope to see u in the room soon  Mike

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
????

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Hey, we have different feeds on the 4h chart so I cannot really see the stochs on my chart.

However, the entry seems a little early. The entry is only valid after the formation of the confirmation candle, with 8,3,3 stoch pointing down or has already crossed down. The exact entry at the 5ema. Since these elements are missing on your chart, as long as you have adhered to them, it should be correct. All the best!

Attached is how it would have look like on my chart.

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
is it right..?

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Hey, the setup looks good, but, considering the primary bias for this pair is still downtrend, on the 4h and daily chart, it is too risky to take this trade.

Daz mentioned to observe higher charts to determine the trend of the pair and taking only trades with the trend direction.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Good response soya

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Thanks.. soya...

any Possible setup today...?

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Good job done

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Hi All,

i am very impressed with the Daz system. I am going to try and go to the skype room tomorrow and see if I can learn more about this system. Are there certain hours for the skype room? Is anybody welcome there or do you need an invite?

Forex Genius I am really impressed with how you have progressed since you tuned into the system. Hope I can do the same. It seems to fit my type of trading.

Good Luck To All,

TraderMan

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
hey, guys, here is a good Daz's setup with gartley pattern on e/j yesterday. the entry is the tweeze top.

If we put the SL at the swing high, it turned to be a loss, but we should remember what mike said to us: if swing high/low is close to a suppor/resistence level, put SL above or below s&r.

Here's the chart, yellow line is the sl place which secure the win of this play

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Good work, u r the pip master!

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Hello TraderMan:

A few individuals have sent me pm's asking about my trading.

Just to let everyone know, it is going quite well.

I have not posted anything in the thread because I am placing trades using the Daz method, but sometimes before the stoch turns. This means that there are times when the trade is not a true Daz trade since we should always wait for the stoch to turn to avoid bad trades.

I did not want to place weekly updates on trades that were not 100% Daz trades.

As I have posted in the past, I have not joined the group in the trading room because for whatever reason, I am unable to access tradingrooms.com. This has been going on for months.

I feel quite lonely out here by myself but because of what I learned from Mike and the other veterans, I am doing just fine.

Soyabean and I do keep in touch every now and again.

Hopefully, something will be worked out whereby we can all have access and brainstorm together as we did in the past. It certainly helped me grow tremendously and very quickly.

Everytime that I go to skype, there is no one in the room.

Good to read about the great success the new guys are having.

FG

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Hi Daz ..

I didn’t try your method  yet but it seem it is great but would you plz explain how you select A , B and C point and how you draw the Fib chart , as per what I know usually we take the highest and the lowest point last 24 hrs , is that right or you have other way

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Good day traders  We have discovered that there is delay in our skpye room and this delay have discouraged many traders from participating in the room.  well, we are currently working on creating a yahoo conference room and I believe Robin(Room Cordinator) is almost through doing that.  We will announce here once we are through  Mike

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
hello guys, what's wrong with FF and this thread? Do you need a yahoo conference room?

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Hello, the market moves in a wave form, and we trade the latest wave swing once the global trend is known. we have the impulsive wave(movement along the global trend) and the corrective wave(the pull back)

Take for Instance GBPUSD, the global trend(daily) is bearish, we go to one hour and look for bearish wave not more than 12 candles and wait for retracement, then trade accordingly as per the rule in the first page.

Hope your question has been answered sastifactory.

Mike

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Hi Mike:

Just wondering what the latest is on the conference room with YAHOO.

Looking forward to joining everyone again.

FG

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Hey, once we are through, we will inform everybody.......

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
hello trader,

here is the link to dazroom
http://tinyurl.com/5mvm65

see u there

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
I have a question concerning the original Daz strategy. One of his entry rules states that:

"At the precise entry point ... on the Stochastic Oscillator window, the fast stoch (blue line) has already crossed or is crossing the slow stoch (red dotted line) and hooking up/down ..."

For those that have traded with this approach, and maybe discussed the issue, does this mean that the Stoch cross and hook:

1. Must have occurred at the close of the Confirmation Bar, and must also be evident at the moment of entry, which would be near the 5ma, which could be some way from the Confirmation Bar close.

2. Needn't have occurred at the close of the Confirmation candle but must be evident at the moment of entry, near the 5ma, which could be some way from the Confirmation Bar close.

If the answer is (1) then the Stoch cross would show up after the trade was over, and also in backtests; but if the answer is (2), then the Stoch could 'uncross' again prior to the entry bar closing.

I'm posting this in both 'Daz' threads ...

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
If i understand your question, here will be my response.  I only trade when stoch is crossed and hooked after immediately the confirmation candle closes.  Now for sma5, all it does is to give u better entries, most times signal will be way off the sma5 when it comes, but since sma5 is known as a moving average that attract price, wot i do is to place PO close to the sma5 and go away.  But once price is close to sma5 when the method gives signal, u just enter at the market order.  Hope ur question is answered?

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Thanks for that. By the way, what's 'PO'?

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
pending order

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Of course!

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Is anyone still trading this method ?

Does the 5 sma apply to the close or open ?

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
I use to the close

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Thanks !

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Confluence of reason

1. Daily trend is down

2. fib at 61.8

3. support turned into resistance(My favourite for taking daz)

find this kinda trade and u will be in money!

80% closed at +50pips, final tgt at 86.74

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
This is a remarkable system indeed. This is the only system I trade from forexfactory and I have followed this system religiously right from the start. I am really surprised people have lost interest in this system because of the level of discretion involved.

Here is a trade I took yesterday, at the start of Frankfurt open. The entry candle was long gone, but since price was hovering in that region, I managed to sneak in a trade.

A Risk:Reward ratio of over 1:5. Not bad huh

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Hi,

I discovered this thread yesterday and it looks a remarkable system.

I did already 4 trades, all winners! ( 1h TF)

do you only use it on 1h TF, or also on smaller TF's?

Thanks

Tibo

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
1hr and 4hr. Anything lower than 1hr reduces the effectiveness of this system.

I don't know, that is just from my experience.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
I am in a trade atm.

EURGBP (1hr)

Possible -> 1 : 6.7  (Risk:Reward) ratio.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
I can see a trade developing on the EURCHF pair (1hr). The daily candles show bearish signs (lower highs and lower lows), plus bearish hidden divergence on the hourly chart all hint on price heading south.

Right now, the hourly candle is in the confirmation phase, so I will make an entry when the next (entry) candle tests the 5sma. Hopefully, the targets will be FE 50 or FE 61.8 depending on how small the S/L is. If the entry is too far from the retrace point, then the trade won't be executed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
i'm considering taking this trade, but seriously low trading volume at the moment makes me think twice.

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
the system works very well and perfectly well if u understand how to pick the right wave, no system is without discretion and to me, this system doesnt require so much discretion, all u need to do is pick the right wave.

the major challenges ppl have with the system is trading the retracement from the daily time frame, but with consistent trading the method, the secret of trading that effectively will be discovered.

the system works well and will try to post trades when am free to. jamesdarren, nice job u doing, keep posting, maybe it will attract traders again.

For me, am an avid daz trader, i am trading it as usual!

Merry xmas

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Like i said earlier, trading a particular system over a long period of time will give certain edge as u will learn great deal from it and as well see access to unravel some mistery which leads to unlimited success.

Look at my UJ 15mins trade, that is only when i take daz trades on lower time frame. those criteria must be fufilled, hence no 15mins trade and u will be amzed that u get it right 9/10 times.

I trade this method with just 6-7 pairs, i wanted to be more effective with it and moreso, when trading with daz, we looked at 6 pairs consistently.

Maybe one day, daz will surface and continue with his thread.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
This trade went as predicted, but sadly my broker stop hunted. I placed the STOP @ 0.9383 (inc. spread) and on the charts price only retraced to 0.9386 and yet my stop was taken out. As you can see, price then went on to hit my Target of 0.9475 & also reached the second target of 0.9497. Luckily, I closed half my position at 0.9450 since it was above my target 1:1.5 RR return.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
The EURCHF trade was taken off the radar when the confirmation candle was bullish, but after the London open and some added volatility, the trade opened up. The reason why I chose a different FE level for my target was because of the need for the R/R to be 1:1.5 or better. As Daz said, all these FE levels are significant (50.0, 61.8, 78.6 & 100.0).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Great to see someone trying to revive this thread. I must say, I have been away from this forum for a long time now. Good to see this thread is still alive. Here is a trade that I took earlier today (12/23/08).

T/F: 1hour  Pair: EUR/USD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Nice one mate, i know u trade this as well, so u too shd be posting your trades.

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
I seems like a valid setup on this system.30.12.2008 few hours before london open.

Bye.

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Happy new year all,

once in a while, i read daz post to refresh and i found this, it might help so much in trading the method

Hi David,

Its 12:33am here in the UK, but I will try my best to answer your questions.

1) The ideal setup is when the levels are touched to the pip, or when they are tested (candle close inside the levels). Then you have the setups where the candle is a few pips short of the levels. If you keep your AB waves short (4-10 candles) by moving to the appropriate TFs, you will be surprised at how often price respects these levels, especially when its moving with the longer term trend. Price could go beyond 78.6, but it should close below the level.

2) Yes, the hook up/down should happen either in the Confirmation Candle or the Entry Candle.

3) Looking back at my initial post, I can see I haven't made it very clear. Its Target 3.

4) When I first came up with this strategy, I moved stop to b/e upon hitting target 1. The problem with that is price will hit my entry point and continue moving in my direction taking out the other targets. This happens much frequently than price reversing at target 1.

5) 15/20 winning trades. 3/20 hit stop. 2/20 hit stop after hitting Target 1. All based on trades taken on the hourly time frame and mostly following the rules.

As you quite nicely said, this is just a ballpark idea, I don't want to mislead anyone.

Having said all this, the Entry, Exit rules are what I follow (My emotions do get the better of me sometimes) and not a requirement for this system to work effectively. I am sure there are better entry/exit strategies out there.

I hope I have answered your questions to your satisfaction.

-DAZ-

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Yes, a very insightful post by Daz. I hope 2009 brings more success to everyone trading this system and traders in general.

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Took ausd long

Confluence of reasons

1. Daily is gradually trending up

2. 78.6 fib retracement

3. change in polarity

am sorry, couldnt post chart

Was a winner, 105pips secured

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Excellent trade Mike!! You are one of the true daz traders. I didn't take the AUDUSD trade, mainly because I wasn't monitoring that pair, but I did open my 2009 account today with a winner. Will post the it now.

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
The trade I took was on the EURJPY pair (1Hr). Like Mike, I will try and justify my trade. Since the daily timeframe shows a bullish trend, I was looking for longs only. The pinbar on the previous daily candle suggests that there is still room for a bull run.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Incidentally, I found out that just on the previous trading day there was a long setup. This is what daz uses to confirm a setup when in a retracement phase on the daily timeframe (counter-trend trades). Hmm, not sure if I explained that clearly. lol
Attached Image

The trade itself. Self explanatory.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

(Entry made upon stoch crossing up as it didn't do that in the confirmation candle, but the daz rules allow us to make entries in this manner provided the other criteria are met).

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Hello Naijafx,

Can I ask what you mean by 'change in polarity?'

By the way, do you know what happened to Daz - why he vanished so abruptly?

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
I wish Dazfx will come around to share his Frankfurt/London Breakout strategy

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
change in polarity occurs when there is a switch between support and resistance. that is prior support acting as resistance and vice versa.

daz left for personal reasons

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
I hope Daz is doing well which I am sure he is

I learn a lot from this thread in understanding price movement.

Thank You Daz.

Also to Naijafx for all the efforts made towards a greater understanding of this thread, Thank You.

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
[change in polarity occurs when there is a switch between support and resistance. that is prior support acting as resistance and vice versa]

Thanks for the explanation. Taking S/R into account is a very useful addition to this approach. I don't think Daz mentioned it much, but it's obviously worth looking out for.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Here is an example in change in polarity, my favourite in trading daz, I place Pending Order 4pips above the resistance and this trade gave 105 pips

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Hello all.

I have read this entire thread and have begun to read the ABCD 1234 thread as well.

I trade a multitude of instruments, searching for very specific chart patterns. The chart patterns frequently coincide with the Daz system. So, it seems that, you can enter a long, say, on the Eur/USD at nearly the same price and time that I do for different reasons. I thought you might find that interesting.

I believe that the daz system is a trend following system and as long as an instrument is trending, you will experience a high degree of success trading it suing the daz fibo system.

My system works on currencies, I would like to see how well the daz system works on other instruments. I know this isn’t a forum for other instruments, but I have attached a 360 min chart of Feb. crude oil which is forming the daz pattern as I write this.

It is above the 61.8% retracement and waiting for the stoch to cross and a bearish candle to form.  You guys are infinitely more experienced than I at these and would like greatly appreciate your input

Thanks in advance and a healthy and prosperous New Year to all.

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Another question.

If a retracement occurs and successfully extends and then retraces back to the original retracement level or maybe higher, and once again creates a valid candle, stochastic, and 5 ma signal, is it still a valid daz system signal or should one take a once and done approach?

Best Regards

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Do you guys see something brewing here in the daily yen/USD?

Incidentally, this is a futures contract of the yen.

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Hey, post currency pics as well when trade accours.Anyway normaly we dont trade futures yen contract here/i dont have the chart neither.ok

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Usd/Cad few hours before london open.

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
IS there any entry coming un Usd/Chf on this setup as anybody saw it??

IT seems to have one here ...anybody??

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
it will do us good if a chart is posted

Mighty mouse, sorry for late response, i believe that the chart would have taken shape by now for either entry or non

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Well actually i love post charts,that day i tried but i cant upload so i did`t so here`s my Cad trade just now worth abt 20 pts.I did`t notice Nzd/U it just made a move.Anyway i am neew to this thread so i would like to jion here too.

Thankks.

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
hello pipsfx, ur chart is not showing enough info.

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Here's a potential short on GB/US. 240 minutechart. it is in a  daily,weekly, monthly downtrend.

Does this look like something is cooking?

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Pound is looking quite strong. If I were you, I wouldn't be looking for shorts on this pair atm.

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Long live the Queen. lol

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
I just re-read the entire thread, to refresh my memory, and towards the end I came across a few references:

"The trading system that I use is the New and Improved Daz system."

And:

"I want us to meet in the room for like 20mins for a very important discussion on the new improved daz method."

Is this to do with the incorporation of trendlines, and how they help in the determination of the trend?

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Maybe this is what Pipsfx wanted to share.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Although the signal looks good with the aid of divergence, I wouldn't have traded that for two reasons.

1) Confirmation candle looks too bullish.

2) Retracement to 61.8 doesn't look that convinving.

Not trading today, as there is far too much volume in the market for my liking. (You wouldn't expect to hear that from a trader would you? lol)

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
From my understanding, you can keep entering. But make sure the stochastics are at the top/bottom end of the oscillator window.

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
It does not have to reach 61.8 to the pip in my humble opinion. I think in this volatile market, this can be classified as a good enough retrace. But I do agree that the confirming candle looks like a bull candle. If 1) was rectified, I would have taken that signal.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
i find this method has a large drawdown. Is there any filter other than stochastics?

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
well that means u havent understood the method's concept. the drawdown is relatively low.

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
TRADE ALERT!

Confirmation candle in the making. If it is a bullish one then we can look for entry.

Thanks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Okay, so lets use this GBP/USD as an example trade.

If the comfirmation candle is bullish and stochastic is going up, we can enter when price is near the 5 ma on the next candle

Is that right? I think thats wat i have grasped so far after reading this lengthy thread.

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
Okay so was the GBPUSD a valid bullish candle? I guess not right. coz the price is goin down.

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Nice call james,

Confluence of Reasons

1. Price is making  Higher high

2. change in polarity

3. Bullish divergence

4. 61.8 fib retracement

My entry would have been above the resistance line to play safe but i wont take this trade as a major important GBP news will come out 30mins after entry which void this A+ setup

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
See what i mean, the GBP/USD, it went up but the draw down was very huge 70pips!

Is there anyway to ensure a safer entry? Coz I dun feel safe with such a large drawdown.

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Going long?

I would be interested to know on what basis the GBPUSD daily trend is perceived to be up.

I'm sure everyone has their own method of determining daily trend. Mine, based on HH/HL - LL/LH,  has the trend as down, still.

What do others use?

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Here are my recommendations

1. dont trade volatile pairs

2. set ur trade, place stop accordingly and go away from the PC

3. U will alwayz get draw down

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
This pair can go either way and the daily is down. News 2 differnt times at 2 and 4.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Actually, looking at the GBPUSD daily chart, it's a bit ambiguous, as there's been a LL but not a LH. To have a LH would require another LL.

So, on this basis, there probably isn't a definite 'trend' at the moment, though I would say, eyeballing the chart, it's down rather than up.

It would be nice to have totally objective trend determinator that was a bit more responsive than HH/HL - LL/LH.

Maybe a Demark trendline - which would show an uptrend of sorts already in place.

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
I think that would be very difficult. Market conditions are always changing and alot of discretion is required to recognize trends. In fact, this is one of the most important factors to trade this method successfully IMO.

This pair should be recognized as a downtrend since price has been falling.

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Yes, deciding the trend is discretional; and discretion is based on our perception of the facts, which will be as individual as we are; but I find it helps to have something unequivocal to 'hang my hat on'.

Maybe, if the trend isn't immediately obvious, it is best to simply avoid that pair, and look at others where the trend is clearer.

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
very true Dod- If its not clear, stay out

But i 'll say Gu right now is not so definitive. On the daily tf, Cf gives a possible uptrend in the making, though this has failed to move well enough, its gradually making HL's which gives more credence to to the up move which i see as a retrace of the impulse wave (since its majorly in an uptrend).

On the lower tf its obvious now that GU is ranging.

I'll conclude this pair as presently stalked in its momentary retracement of the down trend, and my action will be to trade lower tf with care, while i wait for the resumption of a clear trend on the daily.

Just my 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Isn't the original intent of the Daz sytem to trade in the direction of the major trend? If so, eyeing the daily chart would keep me from taking a long in the GBP. Any thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Daz stated tht we should look for set ups in the 'direction' of the bigger trend.

How u interprete the above statement matters.(this is where discretion comes in and why some find it difficult to trade this method i think)---

direction of the bigger trend implies the present direction and not necessarily the major trend.

What i'm trying to say is this if the major trend (impulse wave) on the daily is down (as in GU) but presently there's a clear retracement of the wave going on, i would prefer to trade lower tf in the direction of the daily retracement or better still stay out of the pair and wait for it to resume the direction of the impulse wave on the daily.

just my own 2 cents opinion.

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
You hit the nail right on the wall my friend. The Cable setup did not give a signal because the confirmation candle at A was too bearish. The next candle however formed another setup, but the confirmation candle, B spiked.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Like D liberators pointed out, I perceive the pair as retracing after a big move down and hence, would gladly take a long setup provided it moves in this upward channel. Then again, a short signal can be taken based on the fact that the actual daily trend is still down (and price still consolidating in a channel). There was a short signal, but the R:R was too low for me.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
I find I have trouble monitoring more than 1 currency pair/charts. maybe b/c I mainly trade 5min. do you have advice how you monitor multiple intraday charts?

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
On MetaTrader4, you can view multiple windows at a time. You can also have multiple screens.

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Good day all

there are possible trades forming on

UJ and EU, 1hr tf

waiting for stoch and confirmation candle

These are hi probability trades

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Yes, EU I like very much.

Just curious NaijaFx, where have you pulled the fibs from? I will show you what I see.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Edit: Looking at the way it closed, it might move up to 78.6 level.

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Nice one friend. this thread will soon witness eruption soonest Mike

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Yeah!

I am still angry at the fact that I missed the huge move on Cable. I was right about the long setup, but too bad the confirmation candle ran away from me.

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
EUR/USD trade Signal  SELL!!

Entry @ 1.3518

S/L @ 1.3540

T/P @ 1.3385

Trade at your own risk. (78.6 retracement isn't perfect)

But S/L is very tight, so I took this trade.

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
james,

i see, u got in from 15min tf. smart of u................ but i will prefer 1hr really............... 15min tf entry looked good though.

keep it up.

U have daz blood in u!

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
james,

Stoch is still in overbought region in 1hr tf............. u got a steel heart man

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Lol. I am not sure about the steel heart statement.

I just took the trade as the R:R looked excellent.

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
I could have taken 22pips from this trade at one point making the R:R = 1:1 but I am going to be a bit greedy and go for glory.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
this is looking good for possible setup

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Very nice setup.

78.6 retrace. Long. Only problem is the confirmation candle is taking off too quickly. I hope I can get a good entry on the next candle and maybe target FE78.6 level

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Wow, what a nice trade missed. If only the pair could hold itself together for one more hour.

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
The EUR/USD trade is doing well.  +41pips atm.

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
EURUSD Short

+73pips and counting. lol

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
I got in with a break out strategy, the low of the 4IB as i knew that the momentum will bring me in +51pips man

nice trade

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Excellent! Where is your T/P? Are you using Daz FE 50 or you calculated your own TP?

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
I have taught this entry strategy before in the room, once its difficult getting in using 1hr entry due to stoch overbought or oversold.

As you can see, we have smaller candles, precisely 4bars to the bullish bar, after the fourth bar, i place PO two pips lower than the low of the IB range, then stoch is already out of overbought region

so the mkt filled me with momentum when the mkt breaks through.

attached is my chart

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
hey james, I'd like to be greedy like you and go for glory.......... lol, closed some position at 1:1, now am going to remain in the trade till 1.30?? which is the final abcd completion from a bigger swing.

there might be opportunity to add to it, u never can tell where this will take us to......

Nice chatting with you

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
WoW 1.30!

I have placed FE 50 as my target. Even if I exit now i should still have a 1:2.5 R:R trade (stop was only 22pips wide at the time).

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Hope you guys were not too greedy and managed to take some pips of the table before the stops were hit on both trades.

Pray for a home run in subsequent signals.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
hello guys,

no much trading for me today as i was out attending other concerns. But i did come home to see a nice trade on the EG 1hr tf.

However, i see EU setting up on the 4hr and daily tf.

GU seems to be getting set on the daily too

AU also is getting set on the 4hr tf, but my fear is the pin bar forming double top which shows the likelyhood of the uptrend being topped out

What say ye guys to these

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
After trading awhile, I realised that indeed PRICE ACTION is the best method of trading. That's because most of the big players use it.

Is there any other price action method other than FIB?

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
I believe we have a valid setup on EURGBP H1. Any feedback appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
hey blackeagle ...

i know this response is way too late for the trade that you posted, apologies for that ( i have a day time job)

if it was me, i wouldnt have taken the trade because the chart is showing divergence - from the start of your impulsive wave to the candle that retraces to the 61 fib level.  this form of regular divergence means price will continue to go up.

current charts seem to back this up.

however, i'm still a newbie and all of this could be wrong, so take it with a pinch of salt. hopefully one of the more experienced guys will drop in and give an opinion (will be good for my own education also).

hope its of some help though.

cheers

iffy

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
I am new here, can you tell me how do you post the chart ? Also check out usd/jpy for probable setup .

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
usd/chf also looks good boys

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Thanks for the feedback iffy. This pair has been very volatile recently and considering the amount of stoploss (too close), I didn't take that trade, but I just wanted to make sure, if one of the experienced traders on this strategy confirms, this was a valid setup.

I am not sure if Daz was looking at convergences/divergences on stoch (will go over the posts again), but technically speaking you are correct.

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
First you need to save your mt4 chart by right clicking on the chart and saving the picture as Active Chart (600 x 600). Then, on "Reply to Thread" window, click on "Manage Attachments" tab, click on Browse and upload your saved chart and submit your reply.

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
We do!

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
testing

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
testing

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
testing

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
testing image posting

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
This could be a possible setup

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
her is another one

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
nice post sam, i dont trade most of those pairs u posted but i love the simplicity of your Euro analysis. u seem to have the understanding of the timing of the market.

Nice one

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
aud/jpy  went to .786  and gbp/jpy   went to  .618  target already

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
usd/jpy  could be a good setup to go long if it closes above the trend line and the DPP

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
we need to wait though

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
euro looking good for one last short

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
watch this out

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
usd jpy just touched its target at .786

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
if the trend is still down ( which  looks like )  this euro setup is looking good

any comments ?

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Look at this Confl. of .786 Ret.  1.5 FE  and the trend line

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
That's bullish garley and it further confirms the strength of crown formation process on daily time frame.

sam, good work man!

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Look at the euro outlook, looks like its gonna get bull but would be nice to clear off those bearish run.

I like your TA

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Hi Naija,

I have two questions for you re. EURUSD chart. I see the crown formation on daily and 1.31 is an important support area. When we see one of those bullish three CFs, I assume you'll go long based on how you trade Crowns. My questions are:

1- We spot the crown formation on daily, so isn't it safer to see bullish CFs on daily tf instead of 4hr? Since downtrend on EURUSD continues, CFs on 4hr tf may indicate a small retracement towards one of those two down TLs.

2- Considering downtrend still continues on EURUSD, how will you understand this bearish run is cleared off? Because if you wait for those two downtrend lines to be broken up, then isn't it too early to go long with crown formation (after getting confirmation by CFs)?

ps. actually it may be better to post this under ABCD thread, but since you have mentioned crown formation and posted 4hr chart with the same trendlines we use there, I thought I could post here. Sorry since this is not relevant with Daz thread.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
hello , i'm newbie in FF

and i have play demo around 2 months already

and i find out this system is simple and powerful

but may i know how u all detect the trend?

on daily chart?

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
As i posted a few post ago, my target of 13080 has bin hit. From here , i think we might have to look for Daz  setups going LONG

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
hey paul - determining the trend is the hardest element of this strategy, when you get this right, everything else simply falls into place.

i personally do what Daz recommended - look at higher TF's.  Daz recommended looking at least 2 TFs higher (so Daily if you trade the 1HR).  And then simply looking at the way price is trending by looking for Higher Highs, Lower Lows etc

hope that helps

iffy

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
hello , iffy

thank you so much

i'm gonna try it out on demo

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
That's where discretion comes into play. Defining trend on daily tf totally depends on the look-back period, IMO. As an example I am attaching current GBPUSD daily chart. Now, B-C period can be defined as uptrend if your look-back period strats from B. But if your look-back period starts from A, then B-C can be defined as a retracement of a downtrend. So it is really a subjective issue.

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
For simplicity sake, you sell in 1hr time frame once the daily is making Lower low and Lower high and you buy 1hr time frame when daily is making higher high and higher low.

Look for pairs that is doing this and trade the pair.

you will alwayz get at least a trade per day

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
thank u all so much to help me

now i'm still reading whole thread page by page to learn

and thank u all much one more time

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Just finished reading over the whole post.  Wanted to thank everyone for the contributions.  Have started backtesting for practice and been watching markets for signals to practice live trading.  I am excited to trade along with you guys.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
you are welcome

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Hello Mike,

Just sent you a PM but forgot to ask, can you tell me how to get vhands. I have got a new computer and a fresh download of mt4 but cannot remember how to get vhands. You gave me all the details last time. Can you help again.

Thanks,

Pipmania

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
here you are anthony

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=701

Hoping to meet you real soon

Mike

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Just sent you a PM but forgot to ask, can you tell me how to get vhands. I have got a new computer and a fresh download of mt4 but cannot remember how to get vhands. You gave me all the details last time.

where is everyone ? Please keep posting your charts. Dont let this thread go quite

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Why not just put the word vhands into the search box on top of this page?

Regards

Forex37

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
The thread can never die as it works, if anybody has any question, shd be free to ask and i will answer them.

soonest, the thread will witness another turn around.

the thread can never die!

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Thats the spirit Bro. Daz and Dra are the two best system i found and need to learn more and more to master them.

Keep up the good work Bro.

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Hello Guys,

I found this set up in EU 4H. A possible set-up?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
According to Daz, this system works best with 1H and thats what i use.

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
Thanks samdani,

Now this is quite interesting. I dropped down to 1h and clearly there is an impulse move. So we would have to wait for a retracement to 618/786 area for a possible set up. Guess what, the 618/786 ret in H1 would coincide with FE50/FE618 plotted on the 4H.

So my question is , is it really not possible to take the short as signalled in H4 as long as its fulfilled the rule of this strategy?

Take a look at this chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
ok, idealy, the impulse wave should be around or better less then 10 candles in the direction of the current trend. I always look for the small wave with 5 to 12 candles and use either 1h and sometimes 30 M  charts. If you look at the 30 M chart, the setup is right there. the only thing is i am waiting stoch to turn up

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Oh thanks again Sam, I didnt realise the less than 10 candles criteria.

Can you post your 30 minutes chart on the possible set up please. Seems hard for me to identify it. Really appreciate.

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
ther were two setups on 30 M first was for 80 pips but the secont one i was talking about , the setup bar went two far plus there is lots of consl. But at least you will get the idea. hope this is any help to you

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Cad is making a very nice and perfect 4th wave triangle and is in the e and final wave down to may be around 120/119 trend line. From there we should be going up for the 5th wave.May be around 135/140 area. Let me know what you guys think

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Sam, this is not elliot wave thread (lol)  all i can say is that ucad is in a pennant, we just traded to the support line of the pennant, we are now looking for PA at the support line for next action.

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
i know man , i just do that to help see the direction and then look for the daz or dra  setups . BTW what happen to Dra thread. Its not there anymore ?

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Hi,

Sam's trendline in the monthly and Naija's pennant in the daily has given me a trade plan in Ucad. Take a look at the chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
i will still wait for it to come down more towards .786/120xx area or the bottom trend line b4 it go up all the way

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Hi Sam what do you think about scenario for AUDUSD

on picture below:

http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3097/...0880a778_b.jpg

ValTrg

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
I really appreciate the great work done by Daz i have gone through the entire thread many thanks to mazdaz,Mike,Niajafx and others please i will appreciate if someone can send me the link to BAZ system i guess it will be a good combination altogether.

Fikayofx

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Here is a nice 61 fib, bounce off the trendline and a bear CF awesome r/r. still doable

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Hi e,  sorry for delay. I have posted my chart for aud/usd here

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=97335&page=93

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
you are welcome

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
yeah man I hope you got it. I went in twice and got 40 and 20 then took the side line as i am not too comfortable about cable weakness at this piont.will wait and see.  good luck

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
This could be interesting guys. Broke the outer trend line and now testing the back side of it at 61.8 fib.

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Great thread - i love the sma filter - never seen that before and will probably save me a LOT of heartache !

Great stuff ... to a question ..

I am wondering if someone (Dazfx ?) with experience using this could show me a drawn fib on eurusd ?

I am just not sure where is the best place for the current swing high, there kinda looks to me like it could be one of two areas but unsure.

Main trend is down - looking to fib a rally ..

Thx

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Here you go

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
ok thats confused me - you've drawn bottom up, implying an up trend ?

To me its still down, so i would draw fib down and try catch a retracement to the downside ?

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Well that Retracement might be for several 100 pips as you can see the daily chart, the currunt down tren line has bin broken and tested. Also on the Dollar index, we have weakness comming for few days or weeks.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Please can any one explain to me how Daz's system is been used together with trendline am a bit confused may be NAIJAFX or any one can respond to this and please if you have the link to Baz's system please post it.

Fikayofx

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Hello Fikayo

Basically, daz system does not include the use of Trendlines (as you can see in the rules of the system). There's a system similar to this that makes use of trendlines, but unfortunately its been pulled off the forum.

The use of trendline with Daz system should be a personal thing, so perhaps you can send Mike a PM if he'll be chanced to show you how.

Have a nice pipping day.

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
Looks like our thread has died. It has been a very good thread, if this is the end, thanks to all for the journey. There is no doubt this system works, but it takes patience and discipline. Bye for now.

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
aadjuk,

thanks for visiting! the thread lives on, most people trades it in their closet, if anybody has sny question, shd post and i will answer them.

am looking forward to buy eurusd,aussie,eurjpy soon on 1hr when there is a retracement, maybe i will pos the charts.

I promise trader that soonest, they will witness explosion in this thread again

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
the following pair might give possible trades in maybe 43mins- 2hrs time

eurusd long

usdchf short

eurjpy long

all on 1h TF

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
Mike,

You are still around, good. I like the EU, but it will need the stochastic to lift out of <20 area. I do not like to take trades while it is in the oversold area, apart from that it looks good.

Picked up 107 pips on AU last night on 4h, good start to the week.

Must see if I can remember how to post charts.

Hope we can keep the thread alive.

Pipmania

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
This thread will not die.  Its one of the few systems that actually works on all pairs.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Can any experts on this system confirm a valid trade would be approaching on 1H of G/J ?

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
pipmyride,

not for me because the last c-d extension did not exceed the a-b movement. On that basis it could be changing its trend. Hope the chart is clear enough.

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
RE posts about whether this system still works... I've been trading this method for about 4 months and it has been my biggest pip earner out of 4 trading tools I use. For the past 3 weeks, however, with all the endless "bailout" yak-yaking, I can't seem to be able to buy a pip and doubts are creeping in. My other systems are failing as well.

So, rather than look for "refinements" to an otherwise reliable system, I thought I'd post first and see if you guys are having same trouble or is this system still working for you and it's ME and my psychology that needs checking. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
well there was a couple of winners and losers too, lost on GU 1hr last nite, more winners than losers anyway, but its a bit tough as we dont have definite trend at the higher time frame.  have a lovely weekend

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
I keep looking at these pictures and the fib start and end points, as far as I can tell, they're drawing them in the right direction however they do not consider market expansion or contraction so that their start or end are connected at the right place. In other words, if momentum (stoch) is overbought, we would consider a contraction is taking place and hook our fib line to start of the next swing low. Had this been done on a few of these trades, price would have hit the 78 and 61.8 perfectly, allowing for an earlier entry than the 5 sma. A quick look at the indicator at that point would confirm that a person was right in their selection.

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Would love to see more examples of this fib system as i think its quite sound ... if anyone has taken any recent trades would be interested to see how it played.

thx

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Good day all,

am sorry, am not present in the forum as I used to be and stop posting because i felt that this system has been well thought and all that is required to master this method is in the thread but if there is a question that needs urgent answer then mail me at naijafx(@)yahoo(dot)com

remain blessed

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Hey Mike, good to see you, hope you are doing well. I am still around too, lets hope great threads like these don't get lost in time.

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Hi there,

I just want to ask the guys who uses this AMG wave method, that do you realised that the very core of this is the attack or capitalizing on the 3rd or the 5th Elliot wave.This method is similar to the one I use that keeps me piping.It works in all time frame.

if one could identify the first wave  and the retracement as the 2nd wave, then you will realised that the third wave is the coveted wave and that is where the highest probability awaits you.

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Nimrod,

u just nailed it. this method works anytime once u can identify the right trend on the higher time frame.

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Hi Nimrod

From your latest posting I think you have a great understanding of the Elliot Wave. Can you recommend any link / site / ebook about the application of EW   in fx trading, like this AMG Wave thread. I find it has a simple write-up contents. Ease to understand for fx trading. I wish the thread will live on by showing more examples on H1 and higher TF.

Thanks.

fxpip8

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
The main thing is to look for the breakout of the 1 st wave after the retracement at fib level.This AMG wave tread as I said earlier is the attack of the 3rd or 5th Wave.Once you have identified the breakout as your entry, then take profit while you can just as the great Bernard Barouch would have approached it.The Fib extension level is a good way to exit, before a winning trade becomes a looser.

There are plenty of literature on EW in the net.I agree with naijafx.Say that you are an intraday trader and your fav TF is 1hr.You have to look where you are in the larger timeframe.In which elliot wave are you at the particular moment in a higher timeframe?You could be in a second wave in a 4hr TF etc.That itself could tell in which direction you are heading in relation to the EW of larger TF.Think about it.I hope that make sense.Hopefully I m allowed to post examples here...

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
nimrod,

Go ahead and post examples..................... this method is fantastic, quite unfortunate, traders dont value free strategy.............. I bliv Daz made a fundamental mistake by posting this on FF for free.............. if traders are paying bucks for this method, it will be valued more

Nice method

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
This is a sample of last week daily chart.My favourite TFs are the 4Hr and daily.This gives lots of cushion fro whiplash. My Live trade.

A cool 600pips just on this trade on GBP/USD. I caught the reversal candle which happens to be a hanggingman a well known reversal pattern  and fractal formation upon the 61.8 Fibonacci level and the stochastic had oversold crosssover.

Wave CD  is also an Impulse wave with a retracement near to 61.8Fib, and wave EF is perhaps also an impulse if the retracement hit the 61.8Fib level. There are currently 2 Impulse wave with retracement respecting the 61.8 Fib and hopefully another retracement in the comming days next week if price bounce of another 61.8%.

SL was placed below the hanging man.

Closed three part at T1,T2 and T3 respectively.

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
hey Nimrod,

thats a cool trade and thats all it takes........to be alive in this business....

i caught same trade and u need to check out GJ, EJ at same period......u could have caught the same move up using just same simple analysis.

good job.

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
Yes you are absolutely correct my friend. GJ and EJ are also my favourite but I concentrate only on Eur/usd and Cable as the spread are lower compare to GJ. There were nice trade too on the 4Hr Euro this week.

There is a breakout of support and maybe it might go south a bit.euro has broken the 1.3080 support level  and may go to1.3000, then 1.2900.

Keep the analysis simple , chart  reversal pattern / price action , trendline breakout ,S&R and that it.

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Hi Nimrod

Thank you for the posting.  Pls. continue. I am sure newbies like me will appreciate alot. In fact I am picking up this Fibo retracement for my (practice) trading. (I hope soon to go live)

In fact I was brought to this link http://www.harmonictrader.com/ which should be helpful to all fx mates.

I am very interested to study more Fibo strategies. Anyone can email me at pj.waterloo@yahoo.com

I sincerely look forward to seeing this thread growing "BIG!"

fxpip8

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
That was a nice daz trade.

This thread was big. It just got lost in time with another great thread (ABCD by Dra), which is in the recycle bin now =(.

The work on harmonic trading is fantastic, the ABCD pattern and gartleys are extremely useful tools to add on to this trading method. But they are not essential for the success of your trading, in fact, it may complicate for beginners. This system itself is profitable and simple.

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
I traded that pair on daily as classic crown formation. it was the trade of the month till now.

keep posting maybe the thread  can come back to live. for me nothing much to post, everything about the system has been answered here.

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Hi soyabean

Thanks for your feedback.

Any chance you can tell me the thread of "ABCD by Dra."

I think there should have some value info to acquire.

I will go with the basic patterns 618/786/1272/1618 first before advancing in the future.

I think I need to sharpen up my trading skill before live.

In fact my demo shows positive results using this Fib retracement.

I hope you can post more examples.

Same go to Nimrod, Naijafx, Dazfx and many other seniors fx members.

Thanks alot.

Hi Naijzfx

What is "classic crown formation?"

Any image to show?

Thanks.

fxpip8

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
I will advice u go through the thread all that u need is there, if u r a newbie, dont spend time reading all the pattern formation, go through the thread, spend time on daz posts and find some success trading it.

to be candid, follow soyabeans advice

thanks

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
HI there,

not feeling too well today, caught flu from the kids.Anyway not working today but cable 4h TF did caught my eye this morning so I tried it out as I saw opportunity upon a breakout and classic fib plus extension.

I just got out with some profit.

I m sure you guys had a good run today.Anyway lets this thread rocking and I hope the Daz the man can sprinkle some of his magic.Cheers to DAZfx.

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Hi fxpip8,

LOTS of pips today.

There are thousand ways to skin forex and stock market.If you have a particular system and it works 6 out of 10 times of your trade, then I think stick to it and have a proper money management.We will loose at one point or rather but that dont stop us.That is the nature of the market, its unknownable and I believe if a person has to many system, it will clogged up our capacity to execute a trade.I have friends who uses multiple systems with complicated charts but very eventually obmit and came back to the basic.The gartney butterfly very core is the fib level.

There is something in the Fib esp 61.8 level that happens ubiquitously everywhere.Stick to one strategy, have a MM plan and hopefully we can surf the waves together.demo it first for a couple of months before LIVE.

Why not stick some charts and we ll scrutinize it.That way we all learn together.

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Here

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...light=abcd1234

And to see a great trade with analysis by Naijafx read this. Then go back and check your charts and see how far his trade did go...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=151917

Juicyt

I should point out that there is a pdf in the paperclip section of this thread (top right corner about page 3) that explains this system with pictures etc. If you are new it is worth saving to your computer and reading it.

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Thanks for your comments and links, Nimrod, Naijafx & Juicyt.

Got the links at post 469 / 565 and 1240.

Just got his link... maybe good for newbie to learn about Fibo breakout...
http://traderzine.com/fibdistr/lesso..._trading2.html

Happy Pipping!

fxpip8

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
Target Fulfilled and Mission accomplished in 5 Days. There has been 3 attempts to break the 1.2900. This is something to lookout for.Breakout or bounce.

There is a nice SHORT setting in the Cable and Gappy in the 4Hr Tf.

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
magnificient!

splendid!

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
You been quiet Naijafx.Love to hear from you.Its been a while.

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Been trading solo!

But i will be ready to answer questions on this method but am not gonna post my charts as i have more on it than daz, still same concept, same method with a little variant, dont wonna confuse newbie with my charts

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
send me a mail naijafx(at)yahoo(dot)com

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Lets Break the Ice.

Cable did good short today.Especially after Geithner spoke.Price obeyed the FE and closed appopriately and left some running on BE to ride the wave if it still moves south bound.cool 200pips for today.Hope you guys piped as well.

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
HI all Daz traders,

there seem to be a good set up for  usdchf and euro.what do you guys think? Love to hear feedback from all Daz traders.

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Just my opinion on U-Chf (Daily chart)

Me still practicing Fibo retracement & basic Harmonic.

fxpip8

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
I m eyeing on this too.Hope PA fulfills.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
I have just gone and read this thread - WOW what a read - so off I go and have a look at a few charts - Do we have a buy setting up on in the 1hr aud/usd - or am i totally confused with all i have read

thoughts please

Also I would like to give this a go, so please pop any charts you think look like a trade may happen, so i can check them myself - new to forex trading

kind regards,

Punta

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
The confirmation candle has shot up now on the AU so have i missed it?? - also the eu 4 hour looks a trade - yes/no??

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
would be nice to attach a chart

thanks

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
All new to me so not sure how to attach a chart - I did trade it, just took 19 pips DEMO

i had a sell on the UCHF 1HR as well @ 1.1373 took my profit @ 1.1352 DEMO again.

just luck I bet - will give this a good test next week, as it seems V good with what i have read.

Fingers crossed.

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
My daughter has just shown me how to pop pictures up.

This is the EU 4h that looks good - I THINK

http://i44.tinypic.com/birxxj.jpg

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
This is the audusd I took - RIGHT or WRONG

http://i44.tinypic.com/2ujma0x.jpg

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
aussie is in bullish rally so long is a right choice

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Last one and i think with REAL money I may not of sold this. Opinions please

http://i41.tinypic.com/2igkjsz.jpg

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Hi

I think a retrace at G-U H1.

Same goes to G-J and E-J at this moment.

Hope to see it reaching FE 1270 or nearby.

Hope to see posting from DAZfx and others.

TQ.

fxpip8

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
well, dont expect any post from dazfx too soon, he might come in the future but not so soon.

and this method, indentifies the trend in higher TF and trade same direction on lower tf, if daily is not trending, narrow down to hrly trend and trade off 15m.

i see some posts and they are not strictly by the method's rules.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
What do you guys think of this long trade i am into ?

http://i41.tinypic.com/2a6jgp4.jpg

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
u pick the right trend, its UP but mkt too choppy, could go anywhere and seems u pick the wrong impulsive wave

but the trend is in ur favor so u could win some cash

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
u pick the right trend, its UP but mkt too choppy, could go anywhere and seems u pick the wrong impulsive wave

but the trend is in ur favor so u could win some cash

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
Well it went up 25 pips but did not reach the level I wanted, then retraced back so i took 10 pips profit

seems u pick the wrong impulsive wave - I am just learning this, so which wave should I of taken.

There do not seem to be many trades, i have had just this one in the last two days, is that normal - I have 8 charts open as well

Thanks for the help - appreciated

Punta

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
Hi Guys,

my internet connection is back after 5 days.I m glad I m back here.I like to welcome puntalara into this tread.I been out of action since last Friday.Mike how r you mistro? hope thing shaping in good.

My last trade was fullfilled and I was glad I did had placed my SL before my phone line went out due to corrosion , since I live near the sea.Let that be a money management policy to all us trader, never ever without a SL.I experianced the inevitable and lucky for me my T1 was reached.

Puntalara, if I may be so bold to say that I think 4hr is a good TF especially with this strategy.Most of my targets have been achieved in this timeframe.

The Impulse wave is something that will take time to learn.

Like Mike said as long you follow the trend, you ll at least be safe.

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Here is a trade I was in last week and was fullfilled.

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
I ve been reading this thread for last couple of days and must say,this method is what ,,big boys'' use.The thing that there are not many traders posting here doesn't mean this doesn't work.The other way round.Those clever once have been using it becoz they're clever .

BUT THEY KNOW HOW TO USE IT!

The biggest problem for many newbees is a lack of market knowledge,how fibbs work,candle and trend recognition,etc...This method looks simple but it is not untill a begginner learn about a market in general.That was my case when no system worked for me till I started read books about candles,trend,etc.,simply I started to learn.And I had to do it If I wanted to be a succesful trader.

Great thread!!!

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
welcome Paddyp.If you know how this system works and how to manage risk , that all there is to it.Its simple and effective.Fib, trendline, candlestick pattern(Price action) will make your trade go beyond.

Why thousand of indicators are available , freely in most trading platform? To wreak havoc to your trading decision.Brokers love to mess around with our decision, make us loose.

Post in some charts , the guys here love to say a word or two.Teaching is a learning process too.

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
Thanks for the tip at looking at the 4 hr candles - will do this week.

This is all very new to me, so any help is very much appreciated

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
Hi all Daz trader

there is a good 4hr Daz setup for EurJap and Aussie at the moment.A good potential buy.what do you guys think.

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
Hy guys !

First I want to thank to DAZfx for sharing this system to us !

I am a N00b and I am verry glad that I found this thread, couse I sow and studied a lot of systems, but it seems that the best systems arround here are thouse wich are based on the price action.

I found arround here a few systems that are quite in the same area with your system Daz.

I hope you don't mind that I am posting here the names of thouse threads (if you like you can delete my post - and I will understand you action and never talk about other threads arround here) , but I think that for noobs like me, thouse informations will help others to understand and apply beter your system.

Is about feb2865 threads:  "The System (Irony included)" and  "The System II (Yes with irony)"

I am working with this two systems and it seems that your system is a new face of thouse informations that I have learned from feb's threads.

I think you have a verry realistic and healthy way to look at the TP and SL setup using the Fib lines .

I also like the fact that you are using the Stocastic and 5SMA wich they seem to confirm you good trades.

Till now I have one question:

My broker have the Fast Stocastic and I can set only the uper level, lower level, the k_period = 8 and d_perioad =3.

As I sow you are using a stocastic fast that have a (8,3,3) set up.

Is my stocastic ok with only two coordinates ?

That's all for now but I will come with further questions when I will start my demo work with this system !

I will work from Monday with you indications and I hope we will keep alive this thred couse I think many traders will find it verry useful  !

Thx verry much and I hope you will come back as soon as you can !

You have my respect and my gratitude !

Have pips !

FX_N00b

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
U r welcome sir

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
I just want to say that it is my first post here, but to be honest I'm not a noob. I play this method in real account and have 7-8/10 good trades. And I think its the best system ever (i'm talking about DazFx setups + playing with trend that You can easily identify by looking at lower low, higer high... )

Thanks All of You for your contribution here. I think that people are still playing this method - I'm sure - couse If I can be profitable, so why other... ?

Sorry for my english

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Hi piterpl, do you found any setup for today? I'm still searching for nice setup for 1 hour TF and above. Mind to post some charts if you found any so that we can take it as reference.

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
you are doing great. keep it up!

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
http://i42.tinypic.com/rbe0za.gif

is this a valid setup? hope someone can comment on this. Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Good, stoch hasnt crossed.

UJ bias is short on monthly time frame, but if u look at daily, it looks as if we are going to be oscillating between 93.94 and 101.45.

for me, i will like to stay out but this short could be a big winner. u pick the right impulsive wave and nice retracement too, just wait for confirmation candle and stoch to cross before shorting it.

nice one

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
Thank you for your comment, Naijafx. The stoch is crossed now. Hope can reach TP1.

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
I think that You should take trades only when wave AB is 4-10 bars, if more just jump up to 1 time frame higher. To be honest I would not take that trade - higer high, higher low - showing that trend is unclear for going down.

Good pips all

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
http://i40.tinypic.com/2exsbb7.gif

just found a new setup. 14 candles bar, look quite many. stoch hooking up. bullish candle retraced at 61.8. confirmation candle near/touch 5sma.

did i miss out anything because now there is a reversal candle and it might go back down. Upper timeframe showing uptrend as well. Did anyone take this setup?

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Is this on the 1H TF relevant?

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
Good setup but daily time frame indicates double top, am sure u wouldnt want to trade against it........................

i wont either but it could be a winner: I rather pass on it than the high possibility of losing my cash

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
Thanks Naijafx, i got what you mean. The double top is a dangerous one. Did you found any nice setup? share with us if you don't mind?

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
hello puffy,

None that i can find now.

I think i might be giving posts on mkt direction on major pairs so that traders can trade daz along the direction if it so please them.

Moreover, this system requires so much patience, not many will be able to trade it anyway,,,,,,,,,,,

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
http://i40.tinypic.com/2jbrt7b.gif

Another possible setup? AU is on the way up for all timeframes as what i can see. And a nice hanging man which is a nice reversal candle. Stoch crossed and hooking up. The only thing i concern will be the entry price. It's near 5sma however will try to wait for better entry point to have tight SL. The R:R is very good for this setup. Just my opinion.

EDIT : Hi Naijafx, I already move my sl to +10 pips to lock profit just in case the trade favor to the double top.

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
Hi Guys ,

great to see this thread come to live again.

Here is a possible set up on the looney.What do you guys think?

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
yes, i'm seeing this setup as well. Just that the stoch is above 80 and 1 of the rule for this system is stoch should be crossed below 80 for valid setup. Just my 2cents.

Let's see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
There is a tweezer top or Double Top formation on the looney .If you look at lower 30M TF you see that there is a neck line.Thus a short is possible.I m short in this one.Wish me luck.

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
Hi Nimrod, good luck to you. Seem like a good choice to short.  Post more setup if you do found one.

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
I like this trade, I took a position on this too.

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
Hi Nimrod and soyabean, how is your USDCAD trade? Did the price hit your SL during the news just now? The news is so scary. Now it turns towards your way. Happy pipping.

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
There was a nice set up 5 huors ago.

I've reaches all two profit target
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

good trades all

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
It was a mental test when price goes against me.News will effect our trade , and I was able to bail out at the bounce of the TL in the nick of time .But , I immediatly resume the trade with a better entry   and eventually took 100pips before my TP target.

News will excite the trade either way but price will calm down almost everytime..I hope soyabean had a good run.

That is the name of the game...SPECULATION BALL.

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
nice found piterpl, i'm still sleeping by that time. Missed out. Waiting for next setup.

Nice trade you had there. Hope soyabean doesn't got caught.

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
The last time i checked before I left for work this mornign was +ve 90-100 pips. My sl is at 1.1245.

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Hi Guys, just to update what happened in the Looney trade I took yesterday.

There was a breach of trendline at C.Price did come down to retest it but it bounced not exactly to the line.

There was a retracement at 62% Fib, a tweezer top ( a Double top in lower TF) , confluence fib level at 78.6%,but in all those factors, the TRENDLINE played a major influence in the direction of trade.

A tripple top was formed after the bounced, again respecting the 62%fib area, again price did dived BUT price still respecting the TRENDLINE.

Trigger was pulled, the bullet ricochet lucky its missed.

I m sure Mike and the Gang agreed....,

Glad bean did ok in the trade.

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
I have made the same call as you due to the same reasons. Price action, fib retracement and the strong downtrend. Not all trades will win and its good you are evaluating your loss.

I have no idea whether I am ok in the trade, it's too early to say, my TP is still another 100-150 pips away =D Don't have access to my charts at the moment but will post mine as soon as I get home from work.

However, I will suggest widening your SL to get it "protected". Where is the next resistance level? My mantra in taking any position is always this, "take care of the downside and the upside will take care of itself". One of the first things I do when I evaluate a trade opportunity is to identify the Stop loss. I always define my losses before looking for a confluence of patterns.

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
http://i42.tinypic.com/14mcdwo.gif

Found another possible setup. Reversal candle. Stoch hooking up. Price touch/on 5sma. Retraced near 78.6. Anyone take on this?

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Hi Bean,

thanks for the tip.I ll keep that in mind.I like your attitude in trading.I have been reading your posts and learn tremendously a lot.I hope you keep posting more example of good trades as well as bad trades.

BTW, I was able to get out and pip some profit on this trade twice.all in all I was lucky is say.I ll remember to place SL at the nearest S/R.

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
You are too kind, it is good to see you doing well.

I must apologize as I have not been posting much on the forums although I have been lurking around. To be honest, I have not been trading Daz's method for a long while, I did not want to impose my trading method (ABCD1234) upon his thread. While largely similar in essence, they are still different in terms of rules, also, my trading is alot more discretionary.

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
I hear you bro.I too trade the Dra's method.Mike, blessed is he, helps to improve my trade.I hope many guys come forward and help one anoher.I m thankful to many people in FF.

I m on the side line today.What is the outcome of NFP? We shall see.Good luck today.

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
as promised, my chart on usdcad.

I have closed the trade for a small profit, do not want to risk the news release later.

You might wonder why was my entry so early, actually it was actually late. I only get to see my charts after work. I managed to enter on a discount.

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
i took the long in ucad after break of outer TL, HH formed and a pull back.

was a good one

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
Good trade Mike. I closed my trade also because I decided to respect the weekly uptrend line  Was expecting some bullish sentiment.

And good to see you doing well too!

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
http://i43.tinypic.com/2pr8a4o.gif

Possible setup?

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
Good, i think shd be good till 1.0768

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
This is a nice set up.The Daily Looney looks promising.The direction or trend certainly south.Let see how this goes.:nerd:

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
Nice post but the candle havent closed. anything could happen between now and when the candle closes.

nice catch though

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
Hi Nimrod,Sorry for late reply,

Very true what you wrote here,if you saw my charts just couple of months ago  -  confusion city. 10 - 15 indicators . Hard to see a candle.

I got rid of all of that .And now I can ,,breath'' and see propelly what is going on.

Paddyp.

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Paddyp bro, glad you doing fine in this game.

Risk management is something we must take into account when ever entering a position.I love this mantra.I ll adopt it.

Many traders forget how important risk management is aka stoploss.The first thing that we traders would focus upon is the profit target rather the risk.Out of impulse or gluttony, we pull the trigger without a second thought on the risk.

Many season traders would calculate the risk first regardless if its an AA setting , then contemplate the entry.

Had a trader friend, who trade without SL for fear of stop haunting,eagerly ,gingerly and confidently following the trend, only to find out that he is negative 15k.Would he had a SL, I m sure he would made a small loss but still stay in this game for a bit longer.

Moral is always have SL.

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
wow!, that's big! am sure he will never commit such mistake again.

I have discovered advicing traders wont work becoz of ego but once the mkt give us a big 'smark' we tend to take correction.

am sure the guy must have learnt and he wont do it again.

lesson for us all but am sure most wont take it!

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
Possible  setup GBPUSD 4h short right now?

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
trend is up, look for safe long.......................

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
I agree Mike.Cable Trend is up.If you look at the daily, it seem to go Long.T1 is 1.6580 area.

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
Its a fact Mike, you and  I and many traders know it , we all have to gone thru an ego trip sometimes..Many traders once they got cocky, they overlaverage and overtrade.

That is where mistakes will happen.Hopefully we do not have to endure 15K loss like the trader friend, I mentioned earlier.The Market will take our money like it or not.

Something we as ABC(Daz /Dra) traders must think about.

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
this might be good long setting up

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
Yup.Aussie is going North.

Its a potential set up.Good target at 0.800

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
Hi Daz,

After reading through your strategy and doing some back testing myself I found this to be a great strategy and truly indicative of a solid technical trader.

I have got into this thread rather late and just wanted to know what variations came out of this without reading through all the posts.

Did you guys manage to come up with any ea at all?

Once again great job

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
We have a deep retracement of 62% from AB wave (fibo 61.8) and a possible hidden divergence (LL on Stoch and LH in price) which means possible trend continuation.

I'm waiting for the last candle to end to see where we are then.

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
I really don't believe you can trade profitably with an EA for this method.

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
Interesting, I have a short position from the daily perspective though.

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
i didnt think so, but was alot of talk about it in the earlier days

what do you think of this trade coming up on the usd jpy

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
sorry still trying figure out how to add attachments

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
Hi,

I just started using fibo and realise here got people using fibo and wave syatem just to double chk tht mine chart is correct telling me tht euro is going north after a retracement.

Pls comments thks cause i am still learning.

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
Hi Soyabean.

Nice one.I ll enter this as soon as the break of the upper TL, which is also near to the neckline of the H&S ( Daily TF).PA could move to test 0.59( Long term).

Let See how it goes.

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
Hi guys.

we could see a morning star /BuE formations for the gbpusd.We just wait and see our confirmation candle.

jmx dude,

your chart has a lot of indicators.Which one do you choose when deciding your trade? I once traded using 9 indicators.I just hope those indicators does not clutter your trade decisions.

I stay away from euro for now.

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Hi Nimrod,

I am now using more on fibo calculation and also looking at the wave formation i enter at 1.3994 where the 4 hrs candle shows support ard at 1.3786 my sl at 1.3930 in shorter time frame (1hr) i am looking to exit at .3890 where wave 3 is at 1.3895. will re-enter after the retarcement from there. Btw the 1.3894 is also 50 % retracement for the last down move

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
this is my hrly euro chart

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
[quote=Nimrod;2805580]Hi guys.

we could see a morning star /BuE formations for the gbpusd.We just wait and see our confirmation candle.

A MS was formed and confirmed.Hopefully to closed at 1:1 or more.We shall see how this goes.:nerd:

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
Hi sorry for the late reply, I see a bearish engulfing entry on the 4H chart. Looks good for a run south.

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
Hi Guys,

I was wondering if we can post charts with white background? It goes easy on the ink.I love to print these charts sample.

Attached here are 2 trades on UJ and EJ at different TFs.

Have a wonderful PIP day.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
wot trades are u refering to here sir?

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
AND WHAT A RUN SOUTH IT WAS

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Hi Mike,

These were the trade i took using smaller TF.The first chart was the Euro/Yen 30min TF and the second chart was the usd/yen,15min TF.Both trade was profitable and got out once my profit target was fulfilled.

My profit target is in the range of 20 to 30 pips a day per currency.Compounding 3% will make you smile all the way to the bank.

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
Hi comrades, is there a chat room still running for this thread. I would like to join a larger set of eyes.

Thanks

Hi Nimrod, how are you finding trading on the lower Time Frames with this method?

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
Howdy folks,

I have been testing this method for few days and it looks very good. It's very similar to what I am trading, except less discretionary (I am trading fibs based setups on higher timeframes but using japanese candlestick analysis instead of stochastic oscillator). Using candlestick formation on 4H a daily timeframes to determine the daily trend and trading this method into the trend may be excellent combo. Looking forward to more testing and pips  Looks like Daz is not around anymore, but thanks anyway.

Today I took long trade on USDCHF (2 TPs hit, one BE) and short on USDMXN (2 TPs hit, one more to go).

I see possible setups forming on EURGBP, GBPJPY and maybe AUDUSD.

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
Alright, third TP was taken out too. That was fast. It's propably going to form lower low and will be good for another setup if it retraces to correct fib level. But it's Friday, so ... have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
Hi guys,

Just stumbled across this thread and the method looks extremely interesting. The problem I have is im very inexperienced on MT4 and im not sure how to work out the extensions.

I can add the standard Fib retracements easily enough, but when I use the fib expansion tool on MT4 and draw a line from the swing high to the swing low or vice versa (point A to point B), the line that bounces off of this point doesnt reach the point "C" on the chart, as it appears to in the screenshots other people are showing.

I am assuming I am doing it right by plotting the fib extension from point A to point B, or should you move it around until the diagonal line that bounces off is at point C?

Hope this makes sense but its difficult to explain.

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
Doubleclick the dotted line of FE tool and you will get handles on all three ends. Then you can drag the C point to the right place.

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
Thanks very much, thats perfect. Thought it would be something simple like that!

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
it pleases me that this thread is still alive and kicking

plz, keep posting

Mike

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
Hi Porkpie,

I have tried the chat room but never got thru.

Anyway, my main TF is the 4Hr.I do trade the lower TF but that is entirely up to our on discretion and if the condition is right and  it met your Money management and risk appetite , then by all means.Lower TF tends to have quite a whipwash so hava a proper SL setting.

BTW I also use the ABCD method which is again discretionary.The lower TFs EJ and UJ I took previously were based on the ABCD and Daz's method.

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
Hi,

here is one setup for opening, unless you think that jumping the gun right after market opens is not such a good idea

Weekly shows that GBPJPY entered into consolidation, but daily still gives us uptrend, at least for a while.

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Setup in making on USDMXN. Stoch has not crossed yet.

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Another possible one if it retraces to correct fib level. USDJPY has been in downtrend last week and it still has some momentum towards down.

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
Hi Naija,

Pls can you explain how to use these indicators.

Cheers,

Darryl

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
hi, it's already one and a half year....

Has anybody earned money using this method??? I do like this kind of strategies---price pattern.

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
nobody answers?

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
This is no ordinary method.I bet you have tried many systems based on numerous indicators and skeptical about something that is so simple yet unbelievably effective.

Try it out.

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
i am taking this setup (eurchf 4h now), is this ok? any comments? and is there any chatting room for this strategy?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
This is a countertrend trade (not that there is any trend worth mentioning on EURCHF, but the bias is slightly down intraday), which is against the rules of this system - it's basically trend following system. But you may get lucky as there is a chance it will hit FE 50 target before turning down.

Also, stoch has not crossed yet, which makes the setup invalid ...

You may rather put the fib retracement the other way and get more chance for success.

But please note that I am learning this system too, so I may be completely wrong.

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Better picture.

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Its a good trap set up Pipsy.Now we just wait for fib retracement and confirmation candles.Then we figure out our potential RISK.

lets analyse the chart.PA has not made a LL or has not break the lowest point to make a new low.Until a new low is made, we could see a healthy down trend otherwise we could see consolidation.

Price also might move or bounce on the pink line where support becomes resistance.I would stay out of this and see what price will do.

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
thanks alot, pipsy and nimrod,

let's see the result, if you are right, definitely it will not hit FE 50 in my chart......

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
im already in since this 4h candle. for me its a valid pattern. for this good r:r its a must trade i think.

look at D1 there is no trend, it consolidates and retraces from lower trend line.

we could loss this, but then with a clear conscience

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
Here is another setup on USDJPY 4H. The pray is already in trap  at 78.6 fib and diagonal trendline, and if it forms tweezer bottom with bullish candle or bullish engulfing, it will most likely cause the stoch cross and hook.

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
This thread is getting alive and kicking.Good job guys.we learn from each other.Hope more contribution from our fellow traders who are reading this thread from the sideline.everyone is welcome.

FANTASTIC

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
I just want to know what's the success:fail rate for each trade on average...1:1 or much better? thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
There are some numbers somewhere in the first pages of this thread. If I remember correctly, Daz, originator of this system, was talking about 75% winners vs. 25% loosers (his own results). Which is very good.

If you are interested in this method, you should go through the whole thread. The method itself is really easy, figuring the trend direction is the hard part, but you will get some hints. There are several ways to aproach this problem.

Ultimately you have to find out for yourself, because results of other people may not apply to you. No two people are going to trade same setup same way (or even see the same setup, as you just witnessed), which is one may be winner and the second one looser.

Anyway, good luck.

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
What does it mean stoch hooking?  Stoch crossing is pretty clear but what is stoch hooking up/down?

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
ah, it's terrible great!  I will go through all the posts here...

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
Well it means it will look about like this  This one is down.

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
Thank you for clarifying

Its seems to me that most of the time the stock makes a hook in 2-3 candles after the confirmation candle, so my question is do you wait the stock to hook is the candle after the confirmation look good but the stock only crossed?

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
LOL...... nice pic.Got to love that hook.Looks sharp.I bet it hook a lot of pips.LOL

Candle stick formation is PA( Price Action) and the stoch is for reference.Stoch is a lagging indicator.It tells the momentum of the movement but it does not tells us truely the direction is going to be.Price movement dictates the stoch.

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Stoch set to 8,3,3 is quite fast, so if the confirmation candle is convincing enough, from what I have seen so far (I trade this only one week, still testing, so ...) it will hook on next candle after the confirmation candle more often then not - at least that's my limited impression. Propably somebody more experienced will step in here.

But it's fine to enter even if it hooks later, as long as your projected RRR is sound and price action is in your direction. RRR is likely to be sound if you are entering near SMA5. That means that if the price have moved to far from it and did not retraced a bit to give you better entry, you simply ignore the setup and move on.

The picture illustrates perfect entry: first it creates inverted hammer right above 78.6, first sign of reversal. Then it tests 78.6 and creates bullish candle. It also tests long term diagonal trendline and rejects it. Stoch crosses at the same time. It's pretty clear what's going on here, especially retrospectively

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
Right. I am happy to ignore stoch if I see high reliability candle reversal formation, but not the other way. I would not act on stoch alone, if the price action is not right.

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
"shiver me timber....mateey" Love the pic of the pirate , Pipsy.I m totaly with you on PA/CF.

I was refering the CF  and the stoch hook to hcristea.Every bit of learning counts.

Keep up the good work.Happy piping.

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
Looking for a long setup GBPJPY, timeframe: H4.

On the daily TF, GBPJPY, still looks bullish. what do you think?

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
Yes, i think it meet all criteria except that in an hourly chart i can see only 3 waves up, and i prefer 5... but i will be closely looking at this chart as a valid setup.

Good job hcristea!!

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
Ncristea,

Your gj setup looks good to me, especially when I look at the massive uptrend on the daily chart. I'm more inclined to trade the GU. Any comments?

The candle before the one that's forming is a really nice bullish sign, I believe.

Michael

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
Well, let me make the counterargument

As you can see on weekly, there is a hanging man at the end of an uptrend, and the price is going down from there. E.g. sign of consolidation and potential major correction on weekly graph. I would rather avoid trading with bulls with such setup.

On a daily graph you can see unfinished and imperfect falling three methods (ok, they are just two, but anyway), a high reliability continuation pattern. So it's down on daily two, at least if this pattern will hold, as it is not finished yet.

And finally, if you look at your graph, you will see big head and shoulders, also signaling down.

So the entry is valid, speaking technically, but against the trend, e.g. it's low propability trade.

I would skip it and do the same in opposite direction.

EDIT: another way to look at that daily pattern is bearish engulfing (in making), e.g. down.

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Pipsy, i'm gonna wait and see how the H4 chart develops. The weekly TF look bullish to me and we are still at the beginning of the week so that last candle has 4 days left until its complete.

If what looks like the correction on my previous chart, turns impulsive, i might look for short setups. Who knows, maybe stoch will make a nice hook up

What about gbpusd? do you have any feedback on geppy?

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
The weekly chart doesnt show a hanging man. Agree that if the daily candle closes as a bearish engulfing, its a bad idea to stay long... moreover, if markets close as bearish as they are right now...

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Well, it always looks like a trend at the beginning of correction, right

There is major correction going on on S&P, which means dolar strenght and weekness for EUR and GBP. As investors are selling stocks, they are buying dollar (and carry traders JPY).

Here is a bigger picture:

Pic 1: SPX - correcting

Pic 2: USD index against other majors - this range is going on for a month and now it seems USD is breaking up (Pic 3, at least I hope, it has been pretty boring).

Pic 4: index of other majors against JPY - negatively correlating with S&P because of carry traders, JPY is going up.

Pic 5: GBP index, possibly starting correction, even though it still looks like an uptrend.

With JPY going up and GBP ranging or going down, direction of GBPJPY is pretty clear. With big correction on S&P I bet there is going to be correction on most majors, maybe not a big one, but for next week or two I would not go with previous trend. Too risky. It's possible to trade within the range, but you have to follow the candles and daily pattern on GBPJPY seems to be pretty bearish. Sure, the weekly pattern may turn into something else later this week, but I would not bet a lot on an uptrend. It will be correction down or more ranging. Tough times ahead.

Situation on GBPUSD is exactly the same.

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
Pipsy,

Thanks for taking the time for such a thorough reply.

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
hcristea, on the other hand, don't let my analysis mess up with your head. If you think you are right, go ahead. My trading improved significantly after I stopped reading analyses by other people, and especially after I stopped reading news with their "dollar lost xxx cents against euro because of [insert random reason here]".

I stopped with fundamental analysis after reading Nassim Taleb's book The Black Swan, which is about randomness. He mentions some research done by two researchers, who examined 27,000 predictions made by 300 "experts" in socioeconomical matters. They have found, that these experts can not predict anything better then average cab driver. Go figure

I only follow opinions of few professional traders, one of them being Hussin Naiji, who runs his own thread here at FF:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=69786

The opinion about correction and downtrend is his and I agree based on my own candlestics analysis. As they say in his thread, never trade against Hussin  I understand the fallacy of argument by authority, but I have never seen him getting this wrong.

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
Just add the indicator(s) , modify the period as required, choose if you want  to see both normal and hidden divergence. |Then take the alerts with a 'pinch of salt'. That is, there is nothing that can 100% predict the future the best a good indicator or chart pattern can do is to give a higher probability of a move in one direction rather than the other.

If you are interested in divergence indicators, here are some that I have adapted (to remove delays and fix the problem of constant alerts when both normal and hidden divergence are triggered at the same time).

They are all originally based upon FX5's MACD divergence indicator, with modifications by SMJones (originally posted on the JAKONE thread).

They are not perfect since they miss divergences and alert for some very marginal divergences. I partucularly like the fact that they alert, because I don't want to spend all my time watching my charts.

Ian

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
Well said Pipsy.I too have had it with fundamentals.You know, that the big boys are not making their judgment in the spur of the moment, instead they weight in their decision long before as they are in for the long term hold.

Decisions should be made base on what we see and with correct analysis and money management, and I agree with Mike that the charts will give a more sincere picture than fundamentals.

Glad more guys are contributing.

Sure love to hear from the seniors(Mike, Soyabean et al)

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
Pipsy, its alright. I listen to every input. Thank you.

Now the GBPJPY doesnt look as bullish as before  The H&S is much clear.

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
I am already in this one based on PA after the bounce of the trendline, but now it seems to be heading for another bounce. If it happens, is may also be valid Daz setup.

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
Here is another possible setup on EURGBP. But beware of S/R at 8.600, there is a strong chance price will bounce off it instead of 78.6 fib level (red diagonal trendline is another high propability possibility).

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
GBPJPY is creating lower low and we will have full ABCD wawe and established downtrend. The price then may go for a bounce off the trendline, creating another lower high a giving another daz setup.

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
I'm watching euro also. On H1 there is also 200 SMA in the vecinity of that resistence (maked as interupted white line on your chart)

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
Situation on AUDUSD is similar to that on GBPJPY. Beware of the lower trendline if you short it, but AUD is in correction going down, so we can expect it to be broken.

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
That's it for today. There are few other interesting non-daz setups around, but that's another story. If you are into stocks, look at daily candlesticks pattern on MSFT. I am sure every Apple user is going to enjoy shorting it  (as will I).

USDCAD may give bounce up off the resistance and trendline around 1.1475.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
Actually it's my sell orders, not s/r. Sorry for confusion. Looks like Metatrader can not hide them so I could not have made the graph more clear.

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
Yeah, it was my impression that by reading "opinions" of people like central bankers or big investors you are exposing yourself to their manipulations. Taleb is former floor trader, who got into trading because he wanted to get enough money so he can be a filosopher  He too completely ignores fundaments. Given the random nature of the markets, he recommends exposing yourself to situations with limited risk and potentialy unlimited gains. Commons sense, except most banks still can't get it right and do it other way ...

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Dont you think you need so much in you account before you can really feel the manipultion??????????

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Not sure I follow. If I get confused because I include some cooked up "expert opinion" into my fundamental analysis, it's going to lower my win:loss ratio no matter what my account size is. Or do you think that extra 2% loss counts only if it's greater then X thousand dollars or something like that? Not to me. These issues are orthogonal.

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
this thread is on fire!

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
Hi Ian,

Thanks for taking the time to explain and provide the indicators.

Just wish everyone else was as patient with us newbies.

Cheers<

Darryl

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
Agreed

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
Hi All,

Has anyone seen this setup on the ej.

Do we have to wait for the red candle to close before taking the trade and where sould the take profits be?

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
I do believe that is the 1 hr EJ.Wait for the the candle to close to confirm the formation of BE.Once you reached your target, then you move your SL to Break even.

Attached here is the 4hr TF on EJ.Hope we ride the waves  as there are potential setup in the Aussie and yen pairs.

Hutchy, hows the laguerie for the trend indicator?

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
Well, not waiting for candle close would not be exactly by the book, right?  But with three minutes left I would say it's valit setup now. Price is near sma5. It's just that it's much longer then recommended 4-10 candles (as it is on 4H timeframe), but it's your call  I am tempted to jump into it too.

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
Heh, looks like I missed the train while writing the reply  Price has moved to far from sma5 in the meantime. Will jump in if it retraces a little bit back to 61.8.

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
So Pipsy,

Have you jumped back in again?

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
Yeah, I am in. Now I can see a reason why shorter setups should be prefered. Looks like it's going to test 78.6 again, which is more likely with longer waves then with shorter ones. Let's see if my stops will hold. Anyway either I will make money, or pay for a good lesson  One learns something new every day.

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
for me its a H4 setup, so i will wait.

it looks like stopfishing, i cant believe that the last high will hold.

1. it dont hold and go north, i only looked from the sideline.

2. it will fish the stops and go straight south, im in.

3. it go south without test the high, im also in.

we will see

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
icant post here all day and its too late, but AUD/CAD was a nice setup today

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
Good morning all.

baggermatsch you were right, it should have been H4 setup.

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
Mike, I have to agree with you, this thread is alive again! =)

Btw, I am still active on this forums, started my own trading journal - Damion's Tribute in the journals section, but I am trading mainly Dra's ABCD1234 method only.

Hutchy, you shld wait for the candle close and profits can be taken based on the fib expansion tool.

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
Soyabean, take a look at USDCAD H4. It may also be valid daz setup on daily.

Reliability of this entry depends on what direction CAD chooses for next days, see CADLFX daily graph. It has been dropping like a stone against other major currencies, but it has hit a support yesterday, so wee will see how it develops.

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
Glad to hear from you bean.I ll be visiting your journal soon.I m hook the Dra's method ever since form you guys.Sure glad you are posting a journal based solely on that method.

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
Good day guyz.

here is wot am looking at in aussie

the trend is bullish on larger time frame but this pair

has been doing a LL and LH consistently and its healthy

I am looking for short

reasons:

Healthy price action

possible support turning resistance

big psychological number 8000 as resistance

I might go in early when i get MS on 1hr TF

But mark the red line in my chart. that's why am gonna possibly close out

Hope its clear

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
I am watching this one too and I agree about getting out early, because it's still more consolidation then real downtrend, though weekly candles are signaling attempts to go down.

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
There is similar setup in making on GBPJPY - head and shoulders followed by potential daz setup, so there is a good chance it will go well.

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
Hi,

I think UCad is very grey in my opinion. On my weekly chart, price movement is trapped between the monthly downtrendline and the weekly uptrendline. I would prefer to stay away from this pair.

However, if you observe the daily charts, we see price reacting beautifully to the downtrendline, and there is a short opportunity here, but it would be aggressive and I would suggest to take profits early, or move sl to be early on in the trade.

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
target reached

eurjpy H4 looks good, at 4pm i will decide

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
ok, its time to say "go in" on H4 EJ

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
This candle closes in 20 minutes and unless something changes, it looks like a valid entry to me.

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Pipsy,

We are in together.

Lets ride the waves and collect them pips.

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
Also check out AUDUSD.

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
checking it out, just waiting for that confirmation

are you in on the usdjpy h1 setup

already taken profit at fe50

waiting to get the rest just now

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Nope, I am watching only H4, don't have much time for lower timeframes. Good luck.

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
@ hutchy, where do u place ur stop in UJ H1? im stopped out already.

@Pipsy108, the r:r in GJ is much better as in EJ. im thinking about to close my EJ and move to GJ, but GJ is more volatile and could easily stopped out in few minutes by FOMC.

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
I think you can also pick AUDUSD as r:r is about the same as on GBPJPY, it's less volatile a most likely to move in the same way as GBPJPY or EURJPY. And there is still time to catch the train.

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
we had the same idea

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
Glad to see you catched it  It's moooving right now.

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
i closed out EJ here BE, because the r:r is near 1:1 and thats much to less. i hope for all of you that it goes down anyway

audusd is my r:r 4:1 and still open. stop or profit we will see soon.

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
sorry, i was stopped out in this trade by the news announcement.

but currently in the ej, au & gj trades

good luck

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
Up or down? I have no idea what the direction of EURUSD may be. I think I will skip this one even if it turns into valid daz setup.

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
@pipsy im agree with you in EU

my limit sell has triggered in GJ, now i have a good r:r in an possible downmove.

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Hey thanks for your neat tutorial.

I also use fib as one of my confirmation tool.

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
Good morning traders. There is very interesting commentary on Billy Ray Valentine's blog on interventions of european central banks to "protect" european currencies from drop against dollar. You could have seen one of these interventions yesterday on CHF, but EUR and GBP are affected too.

You can read it here: http://www.nobrainertrades.com/2009/...hort-term.html

The point is, we can expect more ranging with no clear directions in comming days, instead of real correction. So don't forget to thank your central banker for this.

Billy Ray Valentine is former institutional trader and has his own thread here at FF. Everything you wanted to know about supports and resistances bundled with insider informations:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=86429

I am still in AUDUSD and GBPJPY trades. First one looks good so far. the second one not so good, but unless is makes hourly close above 78.6, I will be holding onto it, as GBPUSD is heading towards down side of it's range.

There may be daz setup developing on EURGBP, but I am already short since it bounced from 0.8600, first profit target reached and stops at BE. Also short GBPUSD based on PA after the bounce from upper side of it's range.

Good trading.

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
Hi there Pipsy,

Are you still in the trades for EJ & AU from alst night?

Do you think they will still come down to the predicted fibo levels we posted last night?

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
Because there are no new trades to enter into, I will post few graphs and what I see regarding trend directions, because this method relies on them.

First is USD index against other major currencies. First on a weekly graph we can see five weeks long consolidation. On a daily we see that during these five weeks USD has been trading in upwards pointing triangle with no clean break through upper side. On H4 there was false break through lower trendline, but the price is now back in triangle. With S&P and other indexes dropping we should have expected strong dollar, so this long consolidation is likely effect of the interventions mentioned in previous post. I would expect more of this in comming days, maybe weeks. To get clear direction on USD we would need S&P going up (USD down), or central bankers to be overpowered by markets (USD up) - likely not gonna happen, as these people have quite a lot of money to pursue in their "interventions". Especially Brits tends to keep their currency strong at all costs, even if it kills British economy.

This makes trading USD crosses hard on longer timeframes, because they are in consolidation too. I always look at where USDLFX is headed intraday, and try to trade it against currency heading opposite side intraday, if there is good setup. Safest approach is to watch this situation from the sidelines and enter only into A trades.

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Hi hutchy, I am still in GJ and AU, never was in EJ, because this setup was not very clear to me, and it correlates with GJ anyway. Well, I still have some hope, I guess we will know after second H4 candle close from now. I think there was nothing wrong with these setups, it's just that we are trading within the range, so not everything may go as expected. In trend it's always easy. I am sitting on my hands right now and resisting temptation to intervene  I am still only few months in trading, so I am learning to handle these ranges gracefully. Hopefully I will not pay to much money for this training.

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
On weekly EURUSD graph we see the same situation as on USDLFX. Candles with long wicks and small bodies show strong balance (and battle) between bulls and bears. Again short term bias is towards down side, as we would expect with S&P going down, but it get always rejected, again subject of aforementioned interventions.

On a daily graph the price has broken through upper trendline, but I would not take it as a sign resuming trend, perhaps just a little broader range.

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
GBP index is the worst. The consolidation is shorter, starting with imperfect hanging man last week on weekly, and as you can see on daily, it's trading in narrow range near the top. As a result of this GBPUSD is trading in very narrow range, but if you are adventurous enough, you can take bounces from the upper side on H4 time frame.

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Situation with AUD looks little better. On weekly AUDLFX it's consolidation starting with bearish hanging man and we will see tomorrow what will happen with this week's candle. But we see that bears has managed to create new low.

On daily we see that price has managed to create two lower lows and one lower high, so it all depends on where the price will go from where it is now - trendline and 78.6 fib retracement level. If it goes down, there is still hope for my AUDUSD trade.

But it may also failed to create new lower low and join USD, GBP and EUR camp. So be careful.

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
JPY is the only one following S&P lead and CAD has been in strong downtrend, but both are now in daily consolidation, so I will be waiting a bit to see what will come out of this.

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
Generally what I am trying to do in consolidation like this is to watch indexes on daily or H4 for candlestick formations giving me reversal signals, and then trying to trade pairs of currencies going in opposite directions (or one having direction and other one consolidating). I am taking either daz setups or bounces from S/R levels, with candlesticks giving me hints about directions. It's tricky, still learing, but getting there. Consolidations happen quite often, so I guess it's useful to learn how to trade through them without getting wiped out.

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
Hutchy, this is the reason I am holding onto that GBPJPY trade. Given bearish daily pattern I am willing to take some risk in order to give this trade a chance. Patience is a key and I already accepted possible loss when opening this trade, so I am not going to second guess myself.

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Yesterday we agreed with baggermatsch, that daz setup on EURUSD is not good for entry because of unclear direction of EURUSD. Today the candlestick pattern is falling three methods, high reliability bearish pattern. Also hourly close was one pip bellow 1.3900, which may be another signal for down. So I am afraid no daz entry here.

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Watch out for potential daz entry on hourly USDCAD. Ignore my breakout entry.

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
My entry:

1. A support turned to resistance.

2. BE candle

3. bounce on a a trend line.

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
I entered based on 15min.

that's why the entry was earlier.

as seen in the post.

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
Nice one

I am trading only candlestick patterns on more exotic pairs this week, because I am sick of that ranging market ... so I am missing daz setups, because I am cherrypicking only best candlestick setups on more trending pairs.

But cad pairs are moving with falling cad, I have made some good money yesterday on GBPCAD.

Be patient with this trade, because 1.6250 may get retested, but up is pretty safe direction.

Looks like drawing trendlines is pretty subjective, here is how I would have drawn them.

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Looks like potential setup in making on EURUSD.

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
Where's everyone here?

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
Does anyone know if DazFX is still around this thread?

I heard he may have setup his own website, anyone know where it is?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
well, he still comes around without posting. FF showed that he last visited 44hrs ago. I think he should either continue from where he stopped or close the thread.

dont worry, just go through his posts, u will have basic understanding about it and if u have any question, be free to post and it will surely be attended to

Mike

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
possible trade setting up on GY

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
I m stalking this too Mike.

Good Work.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
Good call!

http://tinypic.com/r/5l1dts/3

Tgt 1 hit, stop moved to break even

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
stop fried at break-even

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
hi all!

what happend to this thread?

this metod dos not working anymore?

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
This is system rocks anytime but i will say its not foe newbies. ability to identify impulsive and corrective waves is very key to the success of the method. you can see the last call i made, gave over 200pips...... the system rocks anytime, and am sorry, i dont think i have time to teach coz am more dedicated to trading.

the thread have all the answers to every imaginable questions. will still do some posting once in a while.

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
thanks!

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
possible daz set up on UJ coming up

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
cable is forming gradually

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
Stop have been moved to protect large junk of profit while waiting for tgt to hit. FOMC can do abything it likes.

will not be trading GU due to foming FOMC

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
Hi dear traders!

I see a potential setup based on this method on EU

Chart:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
hi,

do you have the script/Indicator that can close all positions at once?pls post.thanks

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
I think you need this, check this post:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...12&postcount=2

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
nice one man. I caught it too, closed for +75pip and +100pips and left the thrid lot to swing and ride the wave, might be lucky to have NFP take me to my target fast and aggressive

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
It seems a potential setup is forming on USDJPY H4.

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
Pretty nice! Well done!

I think NFP is another chance to short this pair, I mean, If we have a close above 1.44 I'll change my mind , on the other hand, my bias is short.

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
perhaps we going to have a short here!

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
I like it, with BD include

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
The major trend is bullish. I think its a high risc trade to go short.

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
Just be careful with double bottom on gopher, maybe a retracement is more than welcome from here.

Chart:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

IMHO

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
maybe!

but i think:

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
you are right

but look at this trendlines

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
Well, you just only not trade based on FE, I mean, there are many things to consider, s/r, as you can see on this weekly chart:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just be careful at this levels, the market has memory

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
thanks!

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
I'm waiting for daily candle close, let's see what Tokyo bring to us

You could be selling bottoms here, I don't know, but at this time is better don't trade, if you're not a swing trader of course, I'm intraday trader mostly.

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
Thanks bro Naija!

Yup nice one, when you're playing around on range is pretty easy make some good pips, just have proper MM and don't risk more than 5% of your acct

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
It wasn't to long ago that someone got all over Adam because he wasn.t trading the Daz system to the LETTER on his tread and here we are on DAZFX tread playing bouncy bouncy trades that has nothing to do with Daz system. Can anyone say HIPPOCRITE... cast your sour bread apond the water and it will come back to you increased many times over.

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
not yet

but maybe we will have short here to as at NZUYEN

any  though?

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
Hehe you always choose the stronger pairs to trade? I mean, the Euro is pretty strong nowadays, take a look to EU and Eur index (I know you trade Daz system, but a lil bit of info when you open a trade is better).

I'm waiting for a breakout on Gopher to take a decision

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
Now is time to short any yen pair , weekly break out OMG!

Next parade on Gopher @86 or even lower.

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
Thank John,

am in this, let see how it goes........... its an early entry, might give daz entry on daily tf

and am sorry for not making it strictly daz in my earlier post. with due respect, i removed it.............

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
Hi, have read the thread.......Do you trade the london open?

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
Cool on your part to remove the post. I am sorry for going off on you, just a bad day all the way round. Not my nature to do that, again sorry.

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
Thanks to you bro!

You're keeping this thread alive, I know, from time to time somebody could post something not strictly relative to daz system, but I think is ok too, I mean, while the ideas are based on the system or create kinda synergy I don't see any problem

Keep posting your charts!

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
Good day all

+54pips on eurjpy after 24hrs of struggling. still have 300pips more to go to tgt, lets see how this will pan out

have a lovely day

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
Hi bro, u still up dis so late

how is the trading, woleadu we spoke sometimes ago on phone, remember

regards

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
Good day guyz,

eurjpy +150pips....................... time for retracement.

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
maybe we will have long here (ab=cd and 78.6 fib resistance)
need to wait and see how next week will end

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
closed eurjpy for +205

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
Hi Mike n guys,

I just finished read the whole thread..

Very good thread for newbie like me

Just to confirm my understanding..

what do you guys thinks about setup on GJ Daily..?

Is't valid setup?

Do you guys think that current candle is confirmation candle and Monday candle will be entry candle?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
Hello Naijafx,

Was this the setup you took? I can't seem to get 200pips result from it..

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
I read trough whole thread again. I was following this from the start.

What I remember from those days is that I found at least 3-4 setups per week worth taking. I was away from trading for a long time, and I was surprised when I tried to spot any potential setups today.

I am looking at:

EURUSD

GBPUSD

USDJPY

EURJPY

AUDUSD

GBPJPY

USDCHF

EURGBP

and I can't seem to spot any good setup!!

Does anyone follow any other currency pair not losted above based on this method? If so, please share.

I was hoping to get back to trading with this method, but am rather disapointed with the current situation. Let's hope for the best and keep posting.

Good luck to you all.

(if anyone is interested in chating live about this method, find me on skype, you will find me if you go to search: brazool (from Slovenia))

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
Great spot but will ignore it bcoz i will be selling to a support close by. i will wait for that support to be broken and load sell.

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
So mike..

May I know what ur support is...

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
If you're thinking in short, wait for a pullback @151.5xx area, all sushi pairs are on bearish mode now, don't dare to go long, I mean, if you're a swing trader, intraday trading works pretty nice for me , hope this helps!

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...stcount=197135

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
Look for eurjpy short!

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
I think EURJPY will start to move up tonight.

I would not go short on it.

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
We trade wot we see and not wot we think. we see consistent bearish move in eurjpy, it pulled back rejected at a Trendline and at key support/resistance level.

if we have Confirmation candle, we pull the trigger.

trading wot we see and not wot we THINK

thanks

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
Not quite there yet....

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
Here we go!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I see 1.49 on the cards, next 1.46-47

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
This flight is delayed

I like this setup

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
Hi Traders!

Nice Daz trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
It was a killer!

nice catch

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
nice jhon,

when i figured out that the stop is too large, i just waited for this other plan off 15m TF and it worked gracefully

nice one

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
I had many confirmation to this short: candlestick patterns, Daz system, S/R, pretty nice

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
Well so far so good, look at Geppy, you posted something on Geppy thread about short setup, I see you're doing really well on that pair

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
hey guys is their still a trade room? I use fibs alot in my own trading.

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
look for GU short here

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
I like this trade, I'm looking the same

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...stcount=200734

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
hello guys, is this thread coming back to live...

Will this qualify for a possible daz trade?

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
Geppy is unable to close above 38.2 FL

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
GBPUSD is setting up for possible short setup till 1.55?? level.

50% ret

bearish divergence

this is wot dAZ alled advanced entry

wait for candle confirmation and stoch to be out of overbought zone before ulling the trigger.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
I'm in already

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
Where's your fib drawn from?

Markets dull for me....

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
Here you go!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note the Sto Bearish Divergence too!

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
i'm short already and looking to short GU from the 5mins tf after its retracement

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
I'm thinking in reload some shorts @1.60 -if we get there-

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Nice area to reload short positions, chart:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I think is Daz sys on 15 mins

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
I thought I would share my twist on DAZfx's fib system. Nothing fancy, just better suited to my shorter term nature. Ive attached several charts for reference.

Following our run up this morning, my 195 tick (roughly = 5min) Macd crossed as price sold off. The ensuing rally took us right into the .618/.786 retrace area. I approach entry here by dropping down a multiple of 5 (to 39 tick chart, roughly = 1min). I have the 5SMA on this chart, as well as a weighted 5,3,8 Sto. The 8 smoothing helps with delaying the %K cross, as well as helping me pick off some even lower TF scalps (not addressed here). As the first chart shows, my 39tick peaked nicely as price rallied to our fib area, and then it closed down below its 5SMA. While aggressive, I prefer this type entry as the risk is smaller vs the potential reward.

I exited just beyond the .618 MM which was also a retest of the prior low.

We didnt reach the 1.00MM before price rallied again. This set up my 2nd short (see chart 2 of 39tick only). Once again, you can see the peak reached and the Sto's position, and its 5SMA being breached. I actually exited this position around the 30 level as I ran out of time.

I included one last chart of a later long (I was not here to trade this). After seeing the Macd cross and price rally, we pulled back on the 195tick. We pulled back just slightly beyond the .786 area, but the 39tick chart helped to defiine our long entry. We had a nice up candle breaching the 5SMA accompanying our Sto cross to trigger us in.

Perhaps someone will find this helpful in trading these fib setups. Thanks to DAZfx for the original disclosure of this nice approach to the markets. I have simply tweaked the entry methodology to fit my nature. Great trading to you!

Ninja

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
As price rallied this morning, my Macd crossed, and I highlited the .618/.786 retracement area looking for a possible pullback. Dropping down to my lower TF, I was watching for the Sto to reach OS within this retr area. The initial white candle triggered me, and I bought as price pulled back slightly. We retested on the 39tick, and as such I sat thru a few pips of heat. The Sto showed nice divergence on the retest. One thing Ive found on these entries is that we want to see that 5SMA turn in our favor soon after entry if not right then. I did have one last brief retest, and then off it went. Partial out at the .618MM, and balance at retest of high. Had I had one more contract on, I would hold it for the shot at the confluent 1.00MM/1.272extension area.

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
Do you take into consideration the length in bars/candles of the retracement in relation with the length in bars/candles of the impulse wave?

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
Hi.  I believe DAZfx counts the candles in the impulse wave (leg A of possible ABC) to estimate time duration of the C leg (move back in trend direction following correction) as a guideline to help with exits.  To date, I have focused on using the .618MM, prior pivot point (high/low), and 1.00MM/1.272extension area for exits.  To data, Ive not taken symmetry into acct so far for an exit guideline.  It is certainly a valid concept (I learned it from Borodyn's fib work), and one I intend to monitor.

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
What about the correction wave length? If AB is the impulse, BC is the correction, is it important that the BC has more candles than AB?

If the correction has more candles than the impulse and it wasn't able to retrace more than 61.8% (or 50%, 32%, ...) this tells me that the momentum of the general trend is strong. Could this be a valid filter also?

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
hey, u could use anything to filter the trade but i will say just keep it simple, here is my advice, if daily trend is making HH consistently, come to 1hr TF and trade daz long and vice versa.

keep it simple

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
long?

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
Following the retest of the 9:30+ (eastern) high by the 10:30ish high, I highlited the .618/.786 retr area and waited to see if price pulled back here. On my entry chart, based upon the Sto crossing and positive candle, I got long on a small pullback following my trigger. This occurred around the top of the retr area. Price then moved down a bit more to reach (and briefly exceed) the .786 fib. During this time, note the %K on the 195 tick Sto. It was rising (diverging) and was crossing its %D. While I dont enter using this, it can provide insights to help with the smaller TF Sto timing. When I got the nice positive candle breaching the 5SMA on the 39 tick, I added on. At this point, I was less than 5 pips from B.E., and given the technical evidence, felt this was acceptable. While I dont recommend this to all, this is simply how I trade.

As I had to leave shortly, I exited as I hit the .618MM target (I tried to grab the chart right after I exited). I see price eventually reached the prior high as well.

This was certainly not a nice and neat "textbook" type setup, and this is why I wanted to post it. The size of the .618/.786 area dictates that we need to be flexible. And on this TF, its not nearly as large as a 1H or higher, and this is why I tend to stay on this lower TF. I can see more setups (albeit smaller targets), but with such a positive expectancy approach such as this, I want all the chances I can get! :-)

I hope you find something of value here.  Ive found that only by personalizing an approach to specifically fit each trader can he/she reap its full benefits (imho). Enjoy

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
This is not dazfx but if u know how to trade it fine. such scenario happened on GY yesterday............. check GY

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
why not?

thanx.

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Good day,

EU looks to rally more, attached is my chart, looks good to buy at 1.4700 level

convergence reason

1. good resistance turning support

2. possible bounce at Trendline intersection

3. daily TF is making HH and HL

4. might give head and shoulder: this will be trend continuation and not reversal

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
Woaaaa,

This thread is kicking again.

Keep it up guys.

Appreciate all the stuff here.

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
GU is at 50% fib ret.

it will only fit daz trade if divergence is spot on stoch

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
First off, I am really sorry for being inactive for so long on this thread. I really thank everyone for keeping this thread alive during my absence, especially Naijafx.

I have moved on to another business venture and only trade part time now (still the same system ). So, I still can't promise to post here on a regular basis. But I will try and post screenshots of trade setups from time to time and answer some of your questions.

Thanks

-Dazfx-

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
welcome back

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
thx for the system sharing and welcome back~~~ daz

jack.

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
Stop by more often Daz!

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
wot's happening here. too quiet!

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
Dazfx, have you tried to determined waves and trend with a zigzag ?

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
I added a fractal zigzag and changed stochastic by Osma (12.26.9) and it seems to be interesting.

Do you have any comments?

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
hello

wait for stoch to cross before shorting this pair

thanks

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
This one is also on my watch. Only waiting for it to reach 78%. Stochs have been crossed and uncrossed.

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
I don't like as much this CT on 1h TF, EU is testing 50 Ema on daily charts, I don't dare to short here, IMHO

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
I dont like clustering this place with analysis from my plain PA simple trading, i saw that opportunity and alerted the thread, actually, i was gonna go for 1:1 if it had given good entry opportunity

look at my daily

u will see strong support for a possible bullish run and weekly is nodding to 1.53 if the previous weekly high gives good support.

thanks jhon

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
No problem Naija!

It was just a comment about the trade, but you just make a nice warning about sto cross , so, no problem!

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
U/J in the 4 hour timeframe is showing downward momentum. The 78.6% is overshot.

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
cadjpy has been in uptrend courtsey the reversal formation on 4hr.

possible trend continuation if we have a complete entry

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
possible sell on GU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
nice pick!

i will be watching it too

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
hi

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
hello Naija  i reckon u are referring to my post? if u do, i feel great becos u are the master of this strategy

here is another chart on EU... a possible sell too. Though I feel GU is better in terms of appearance. how do u comment?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
regarding AU, i feel this is high probability sell set-up once the criteria of this strategy is met.

look at the chart, we have a doji right at the 78.6 line. considering AU has moved up and rejected at around the .9300 area, which is considered a major resistance line, i expect some correction down to FE100.00.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

i think DAZfx has given us a very good strategy, with a clear defined target and stoploss. i wish i can give him one vouch.

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
HEY, just thought I would drop my shot on you all. The secret of ANY market is time and FE....thats it, I promise. Yeah I use ZUP, so what, It tells me the sig. turns and basis for 4H high low high FE that works EVERY-TIME, no joke, every time pipsters. It's not that complicated. IF IT IS COMPLICATED IT IS BECAUSE THEY WANT YOU TO FAIL, BECAUSE IF YOUR HERE TRYING TO LEARN "FOR FREE" , IT'S NOT FREE, UNTIL YOU LEARN,IF YOU LEARN, TO READ BETWEEN THE LINES, AND FIGURE IT OUT ON YOU OWE! LEARN EVERYTHING THEN UN-LEARN, THEN FIND YOUR WAY! I mix my words for a reason people, USE Fibo Expansion until you see what the truth is, because 99.99% of this forum is teaching the un-teachable, which is cool, and at the same time only allows for the real deal minds to get through, so I actually dont mind the truth of the forums because the truth is...THIS IS A TEST! WOW I can not even tell people what I know because they can not handle the truth...haha...I love you real dealers! I just want to post a screenshot, goodnight. The mind is wonderful, PEACE.

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
Same setup on EU [I like this a lot more than cable]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
Here we go!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Tricky trade, but the direction is clear at this moment

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
i ran wit +5pips!

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
I think you closed the trade too early my friend!

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
I did bcoz the wave was pretty messy but there is an opportunity to get back in the trade soon and ride it till 1.4700

thanks

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
Ok, you know bro, I trade mostly based on candlestick patterns, but I trade based on daz system too, on EU I see a Bearish Engulfing on daily charts, one of the most reliable candlestick patterns, next parade for fibber is 144 IMHO.

Daily:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
Possible daz setup for euro 1hr

nice support turning resistance at 1.4917 if

the present retracement works

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
Nice trade on cable

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
Hi traders!

Possible Daz setup on Geppy!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

J

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
Here we go!

First target FE @148

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'm lock in profits now, free trade!

J

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
Some trades take time

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
Thanks bro! I hope you're doing good too

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
from the deepest bottom of my health comes New year wishes for everybody

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
Great thread Dazfx

U surprised me, I am using the same method  exactly for couple of years, except the 5sma.

It is profitable way, congratulation I  shorted it @6145

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
Great post. I hope to try Fibonacci in my trading but need to learn the basics yet.

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
looking for sell set-up

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
I'm subscribing

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
Looking for short here

though this might take a longtime before

we see a signal

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
Does this one look good too?

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
Hi dear traders!

I'm in this trade, be careful, if you're a scalper or something don't dare to trade this, very volatile pair*, btw, I see a nice short opportunity for a hundred pips, R:R = 1:2 min

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Besides this, I see an inverted cup with handle [Bearish Pattern] too, check:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Happy pipping!

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
Btw, one last thing, check the divergence too, Stoch daily charts:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
I'd like to start by thanking Daz and by saying that I've been a long time lurker, but this has caused me to feel like posting.

I would like to share a few of my trades with this strategy from the last couple of days since I found this thread. I've done 5 trades total using this strategy and lost one (because I didn't follow the rules.. whoops  )

1) These were all live trades (on demo, using live data). Not backtest

2) I follow rules to a 'T', except for one which failed and hit my stop. I learned from that one

3) all trades were 1 std lot (aka $10/per pip)

Since this was a demo account, I thought I would also venture to see if this worked on lower TFs, as long as I follow the rules. All I can say is WOW.

I took 5 trades.

The 1st trade) Was on the hourly chart, which I lost big time on. I opened the trade a little early. I opened before Stoch "Hooked". The blue crossed the red, but it hadn't hooked yet, hitting my stop at about 25 pips back. 25 pips was within the 1.5:1 R/R, but at 3 lots, that hurts. I learned from that one. Oh, and it was with the trend, so I didn't play against the trend. Price just wasn't ready to go my way yet. A few candles later, it did. But I wasn't around to catch it that time.

The 2nd & 3rd trade) I couldn't find any setups at the moment to play with, so I opted to see if this would work on lower time frames. I tried on the 1m, using 15m as my trend guide. Following the rules closer this time (aka waiting for the "hook"), I got in and got out.  I hit all 3 targets and pulled 1 lot per. Now mind you it was only about 6 pips under 10 minutes, but @ 1std lot @ 10$/p using the 3 lot to start.. I believe it was just over 100$ trade. Not bad for 10 minutes work.  Both 1m trades were like this and totaled about 250$ work in trading. I attached one of the 1m trades. I didn't document the other.

The 4th trade) went back on the 1h chart. Played it perfect. With trend, hooked stoch, within the 61/78, etc. But I got scared. I didn't set my break even at the first target, but instead set it to about +2 pip when it was about half way to the first target. What happened? BOOM, hit my stop (not at a loss, but still). The trade ended up going all the way to target 3. Boy do I feel the fool. And it came NO WHERE near my original stop. It didn't even cross over my opening price. I wouldn't even have ever had to sweat this if I'd just kept my finger off the "freak out" trigger. See attached 1h chart for this blubber.

The 5th trade) I opted to find a happy medium while learning this strategy. 1m charts you have to be QUICK on. 1h -4h charts you have to have plenty of time to just mull over the charts to wait for the setups. So I looked at 30m charts using 4h as trend (2 TFs up). And NICE. Although I had to leave my desk to tend to the family, I just set my TP at the first target. I figured that's the bulk of the win, so I'd be happy. I check it later to see what it did, and it went all the way! See attached 30m chart.

All in all, these 5 trades gained about $4000 in 2 days, even with the loss of about 750$ (which shouldn't have happened if I'd been diligent), and considering I'm not adding any "what could have beens", for example my one trade I freaked out on and moved to BE early. Both of those losers could have been winners if I played by the rules, and then I would have had a REALLY good week.

I think I could live with that.  ........ **ponders where my compounding spreadsheet is****

Hope someone can use these examples for some good.

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
I went back and documented my losing trade from my last post. I know lots of people like to see losing trades, but almost no one ever posts them.

I noted on the pic (and in last post) the boo-boo I did that caused this to fail. My own fault, not the strategy. I fig at 10$/p, this was right at 2100$ profitable trade (had I done it right  ).

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
good job Ubergoober,

Your 1 hour trade on the EU was great.  by the way, 1 minute is too fast for you to trade though. I wouldn't trade the 1 min tf.

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
Oh, I agree. I was just playing around with the 1m. It's too volatile. I wouldn't really consider anything less than 15m.

Although.. I may keep an eye on 5 min for the possibility of quick scalping. But I don't see it as being safe either. At least not with more chart time to investigate.

But I will say, All you need to make in a day can be EASILY accomplished on the 1 hour charts (and even 4 hour, just less setups).

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
So far so good, I hope you're catching some nice pips here, take some off the table!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If price remains below 1.70, next parade is 1.67

This is a great tool, thanks Daz!

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
The chart below shows a potential setup forming, any thoughts? I am thinking I may just wtch this if it sets up as I do not like to take a setup that has formed over a weekend period.

CHFJPY.jpg

Also the EURJPY showing the same setup developing as these pairs are very similar.

VP

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
You are right Vincent.  The setup is forming, however, I would be cautious about this trade because we are anticipating a correction in the current down trend, therefore, trend could be reversed for a period of time.

good catch though.

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
Hey Cuong thanks for the reply, yes the trend is looking weaker and there is some divergence on the stochastic too, I left this one which is good because price is currently rising and the trade would have stopped out.

Here is another forming on the EUR.GBP, price has broke above last weeks range and pulled back to support on 0.8750. Recently the 4 hour chart put in a higher swing low and currently price has been  rising on the daily chart.

Anyone else looking at this one?

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
All three targets were hit on the above trade, and the last limit order was filled just past 8am.

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
awesome Vincent,

I wasnt around to catch this.  I will try to post my chart for dazfx setup in the future.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
possible setup on 4 hr tf on EU.  However, fundamental news might cause the trend to reverse which remains to be seen.

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
seems we got another nice daz trader

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
Hey guys hope the trading is going well

Yes I have been patiently waiting for Daz trades to develop, great method.

I have been keeping my eye on the EURCAD 4h chart since yesterday. Although what looked to be a good Daz setup I think is a little risky to trsade now. The daily is in a nice downleg price has bounced off the 50ma and given a signal on the 4h right about now, however I dont like the way price has broken a nice trendline on the 4h and the retrace as a result saw the breakout candle close above 78 fib retracement.

Any thoughts on this?

VP

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
The EURCAD trade rapidly gained momentum after giving a signal and reached all three fib extension targets.

I did not take the trade as the initial retracement was a little to far, probably caused by a grouping of buy orders placed above the trendline being triggered. This faslse break in the downtrend messed up the setup.

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
Today I have noticed to potentials forming on 1h charts. First is the AUDUSD, could be a textbook Daz setup!

Second is the EUR/JPY although the risk reward may not be good enough if this does signel.

Cuong I saw the EURUSD trade you posted and it is moving well,nice amount of pips in that trade!

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
Vincent, the AU is actually moving down on this trade, but the fib retracement on my chart is overshot over 78.6%,  almost close to 100%.  I didn't take this trade though.

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
1.67 done, let's see a double bottom @1.63,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
I never took this trade either as the risk reward was not good enough, good job as it would have stopped out. I traded the EURJPY 1h (very similar setup at almost the same time) and was stopped out there instead lol.

The fib retracement on both the setups showed a candle spike above the 78% fib and price close between the 61.8 and 78 levels. Would this be considered as too much of a retrace for an ABC wave? Would a close below or very close to the 61.8% level for the signal candle represent a safer setup and a candle spike that does not penetrate further than the 78% level a more secure setup?

VP

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
I believe this is a valid entry on the EURUSD following the advanced rules, with hidden bearish divergence. I entered after the signal candle below the 5sma as the risk reward was good. Even my Dog can see the daily is in a strong downtrend!

Am I right in seeing this as a valid entry?

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
Vincent, sorry about the EJ got stopped out.

For this EU, it looks like prices stalled at 50% and looks like an advanced setup, however at this hour and price seems to clump together at 1.3670. If it had a nice move, it should be down already with the amount of candles of CD move roughly equal to amount of candles of AB.  There are about 11 candles in the AB move,  and there are around 9 candles of CD now, but prices stalled there, I would get out .

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
Hey Cuong

Yes I agree that price flatened out at the 50% level and did not give an ideal candle pattern with 8 candles in the BC wave.  Also the signal candle was the midnight hourly candle whish is far from ideal. I took the trade as everything else ticked the boxes and fortunately for me all the targets were hit.. It was a trade a little too risky in retrospect!

Cheers

vP

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
UJ short signal forming on the 4 hour ,  also there is a declining channel on the daily with a resistance at 90.60

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
NZD/USD short signal on the 4 hour.

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
Hi

I just looked at my 4h chart for the usdjpy on metatrader and the candle pattern is different to your screenshot! I crossed checked my chart against that from another spreadbetting platform I use, and my two charts are identical. Both different from the screenshot you posted, see below. I am not sure but it seems like there is something not correct with your chart data. Just to let you know what I observed, why do you think there is this difference?

VP

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Yeah, they look a little different,  but the top of it had a whipsaw, ( your chart had that too), so that all matters.  Anyway, looks like price are stalling at 78.6%.  I am waiting for more confirmation,   UJ is very tricky to trade lately, so I will leave this one out.

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
awesome analysis JM, looks like you almost got ur double bott, but now a daily pin bar formed at those lows....

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
Thanks LB!

I'm in already:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...ostcount=10112

I've made tons of pips shorting GCad, now, bullish div [Sto, RSX], + bullish hammer on daily candle close yesterday is telling me that a pullback to 1.68x area is on it's way, what you think?

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
WTG John, I'm not taking the long unless we get decent move up then retrace, but have just been looking through various threads and see you have been making some great trades, keep it up. Many green pips to you . i only trade daily and weekly as I'm a lazy boy

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
Yep, WTG, thanks lazyboy, I'm trading GCad cause R:R is 1:5 at least, many green pips to you too buddy.

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
After a quiet Daz trade week last week I found a setup on the GBP USD and entered a couple of hours ago, so far it has been sluggish to move, the main trading sessions are closed.

Here is the chart

Regards VP

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
The GBP/USD did not reach the 50% fib extension before it began to retrace, as price had moved 80 pips or more in my favour I moved my stop to even and was taken out of the trade several hours ago.

Alongside this trade I ran a position in in the EUR/USD as shown below, which moved nicely to the 61.8% extension level. So overall I woke up to find myself 70 plus pips to the positive side this morning, very nice.

VP

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
Hi!

Long time no post around this great thread, GJ long:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Have a nice week!

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
Hey Jhon nice to see other posters, I also saw a setup developing on the AJ 1h chart. More time to wait , maybe a couple of hours to see if the chart looks good to trade.

Nice up channel and the 4h has broke resis and the previous swing high.

Comments most welcome

VP

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
I decided to stay away from the above trade as the pattern/risk reward was not good enough for me.

VP

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
Hi VP!

Check my post relative to GJ:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...ostcount=10262

I don't trade AJ, but the Aussie is on fire.

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Almost near to the first TP

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
Jhon

I took a look at your post and nice trade on the GJ, must of earned you a good few pips!

Has been a quiet last few trading days for me, not spotted any good Daz setups during my time in front of the charts.

VP

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
For anyone looking for setups, I just entered a position on the AJ.

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
Yep Vincent, great trade, I think I was out of the trade so soon @138, but every pip counts [DM song ]

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
Please be careful on that long, many traffic around 83 - 84, personally I would wait a breakout [long or short]

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
Hi Vincent!

How it's going? possible Daz setup forming on cable + Bullish Divergence:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
Hey John

Its going well, I took a small loss on the AJ trade but overall am in profit from the last month. I was watching cable also and it looked like it might set up well, pity it decided to retrace 100%. It could be good for a long soon if it forms a low on 1.50 but I dont have a strategy for trading this price pattern.

Hope the pips are piling up, regards

VP

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
Also I noticed the NZD USD 4h is looking interesting too. . .

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
The above 4 h setup never materialised. However in the hope of rekindling interest in this thread, right now on the EUR JPY an impulse wave has developed that could setup well. I am already in a trade on this chart but based on an entirely different method.

VP

Will post the chart a bit later am in a wi fi zone in Peru, with rubbish conection and flat laptop battery

Adios

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
Trend has gradually change to bear on daily time frame. we are looking for retracement and short ausd off 4hr tf

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
Hey Naijafx, yeah the AUDUSD is starting to look good, getting closer to a potential sell. I also noticed the EURUSD moving nicely.

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
Vincent, Naija, check this on GJ [Yen pairs in general]:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Waiting for price to close below 5 Sma to going short.

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
Btw, I like a lot this trade, because this:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
Agree on that

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
Great that you highlighted the AUDUSD Naijafx

Hey guys AUDUSD dropped off nicely took the trade on the 4h after getting a good entry on the 1h. Watching to see if it hits my second target.

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
Great trade VP!

I'm in too! after I saw the daily bearish pattern:

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
John

GJ on the daily also looking like a near perfect price pattern to me, a nice slice of pie potentially!

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
Yep Vincent! Let's see how it plays, is the last trade for me this week

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
wait for all criteria to be met

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
This is an excellent trade, I am in it.  Thanks Mike.

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
Thank God is friday!

aussie hit target one for 43pips

t2 at 0.9000
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1852

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
4 hr Bear opportunity on EU

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
Wow! Great trade so far, I think is my swing trade for next months

I see a huge Bearish Divergence on Monthly charts, possible targets: 0.84 [Gann Hilo], 0.81 [50 Ema]

Have a great weekend!

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
I was out for 40 pips, and due to the time difference where I am was fast a sleep when the second 1h trade setup. Still pips is pips and I am happy with that.

Looking to short all the way down as long as the bearish action continues.

Enjoy the weekend guys.

VP

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
Cable has given a setup on the 1 hour chart after a few days of bullish activity, looks like there is still more room to go before it hits resistance.

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
Hi Vincent

I really like Daz's system, great thread, seem's to be slowing down.

Thought I'd join in if that's ok. I'm gone alot so I'll join in when I can.

I see you went long on the 1hr GU, I shorted on the 4hr.

So, let's see where this takes us.

Have a great day!

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
rspence50 welcome aboard, indeed a great thread!

Yes I was long on the hourly setup for a while but closed out with a couple of ticks profit, a few hours after the price bounced rapidly of resistance and boke up the nice hourly price pattern. My trade was looking less and less probable!

Cheers

VP

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
Hi VP

Good to hear you got a few

got stopped out at 1.5130, 65 pip loss, back to the 1hr, smaller SL, just had to try the 4hr.

got in on the AUD/NZD, looks good so far......thump thump that could change

in a heart beat.

Rick

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
Hi all. I have been watching the recent price action on the EJ. The daily chart has today broken above 125 which has acted as a well defined support/resis level so far this year. This completes a nice head and shoulders and if the price can stay above 125 and show some nice bullish activity then 127 at least looks reasonable to me.

Here is the D1 and 4H charts. A pullback to 125 on the 4H could give a nice Daz trade IMHO, check it out. Also CAD JPY broke above 90 - 91 zone and looking good.

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
EU has given a nice opportunity on the D1. . .

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
So far EUR USD is moving my way and closing on the 50% target1

I also like the look of the GBP JPY having bounced off some significant resistance and pulled back.

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
I am out of those trades now, 116 pips in the bag on the EU and a 10 pip loss on the GJ, time for a beer!

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
Nise trades, you deserved it really

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

hi

i found this thread last night

n this is the result with my demo acc

whooa..!!!

i do back test all the day
whooa.. GREATx3 RESULT

TQ DAZfx

next week.. for sure real acc

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
Remember that market have been quite trendy lately, so many systems work much better at these conditions. But this method is good it has potential. You can also use Jacko anti hedge method to help loosers become winers.Good luck

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
Morning All

anyone seen the AUD NZD daily chart, a good possibility for this week developing.

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
simple and nice analysis

well done

dats the best way to go analysing daz on daily

and trade freely on hourly

weldone

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
VP

How it's going? I'm waiting for this setup.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...ostcount=10349

Check: GCad chart, long limit order around FL's 500, 618 & 786, I think this trade have many potential.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
Hey Jhon

Good morning

I also noticed your post on the GBP/CHF, dropping like a lead balloon now I see, very nice. Did you take a position?

AUD/NZD tested the 61.8% retrace and closed above the 38.2% on the daily yesterday, looking bullish to me still.

And Naijafx, Saintsurfer, your words greatly appreciated, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
Hello senior members,

Is this valid short entry or should i wait for stoch cross / present candle to close below 5 SMA?

Any suggessions........

Regards

Pip26

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
, Yep Vincent, I closed the trade @1.62, remember this?

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1871

Look at it now, sorry I can't post it earlier

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
Hey Pip hows things.

To throw in my two pence worth, the setup looks fine to me. Although I prefer it when the stoch cross is well defined or obvious. I try to find an entry on or above the 5 sma when going short to get the best risk reward ratio I can, as the 5sma is only used for a guide to getting an optimum entry.

Also the trend on the daily chart in the short term is up ( previous month) and over the longer term bearish. Right now consolidating, if price were to fall below 143 and comtinue the longer term bear trend I would then be more comfortable looking to sell.

Hope that is useful VP

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
Thanx for your views VP.

Please tell me once we get swing high/low and waiting for retracement then how long that swing will be valid for entry? what are the invalid points for any swing high/low?

Thanx in advance,

Pip26

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
Hello Daz, your system is simple and effective, i see im not the 1st one to say this but i still wanna affirm you.

I think im a few years late but i still want to clarify something, years ago, in the 4th or 5th page, thunderwolf mentioned about the fib expansion, by default, the 2nd line does not retrace to point C, but instead to the 50% of the fib retracement. Is this normal? If not, how do we adjust?

Sorry if im repeating past questions, thank you for your patience.

Bethel

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
Hello in this AUD/NZD trade we got a very nice signal to go long with the trend but now we found contrarian signals that are telling us to go short (but thet are not with the main trend). im asking myself if you treat these situations in a different way because we are near 50% FE.

Thank you.

BeLikeWater

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
Hi all,

Just spent 2 full days reading this thread from start to finish!

While I don't want to sound cliched, it does indeed look like an effective and SIMPLE strategy.

Just one indicator and fibs! I LIKE it!!

Anyway, will be trading the Daz method on demo this week to see how it works out.

Thanks,

GT3RS

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
here is the idea of daz. to trade along the daily trend from 1hr time frame as entry. follow that simple rules and get paid consistently.

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
hi forum frens, just wondering what if the news is within your trading time? say few hrs after my trade there is news with regards to tt currency, do we get out of the trade?

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
Once u r in a trade before the news, u stay in and wait for either target or stoploss hit but dont get in any trade 30mins before the news. its in 2nd page of the thread

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
Possible setup forming on cable?

Polarity reversal as Mike calls them?

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
Hey GT3rs, you looking at the pullback to the 61.8% fib on the 1h cable chart? I am watching that too. Like the way the gap was filled and the nice bounce of support at the 61.8% level. Going to see it gives a signal now.

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
Yup! That's the one!!

I took a cheeky early entry [demo acc.]  on 15min chart, but shouldn't have done with hindsight.

I think 30min is a better bet for early entry if you want to go that route.

[It's Rob btw!!]

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
thanks! can you help me take a look at my setup here? i got stopped out, was wondering if i made a mistake ?

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
Woke up to find I had avoided being stopped out by a couple of pips, and was 47 pips up!

JUST missed tp1.

And then it reversed - HARD, so I ditched it with 6 pips profit..................

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
Did u look at H1 chart before entering? are u trend trader or counter trend?

Draw fibo on H1 chart to see where price bounce and go back? Draw two fibos on H1 to see on second one where price bounce? how much waves on H1 we have in up? answer to all these questions and u will get the right answer for u....

Never go against trend if u dont have 5years expirience in Forex trading..

Its not big deal. Keep it up, results will come.

Ps. Advice: always watch for trend on bigger timeframe, always try to go with trend and one more if u watch stoch and he is in overbought area and we have a up trend its not a signal for sell.... when we have up trend and have oversold area thats a signal for buy...

Good luck man

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
hi sucre666, thanks for the reply and tips, i checked the 1 hr, its in downtrend on the big picture, though it seems to be uptrend for the past few hours? will you enlighten me with regards to the trend watching? when i zoom out, its still in a down trend right?

thank you so much!

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
ok...lets start... in one trend how many waves we have? and how many corective waves? do u put on your chart pivot points, res and support lines?

If u are not shure on h1 is it up or down move switch to bigger tf and watch that chart... always unzoom to have a better view of price action....as u can see when u go short, price is testing a daily pivot , and she didnt close below that level, so enter is wrong... try to not be Nostradamus on Forex, try to play as price play.... second if u are not expirience so much to feel the trend put one or two moving averege....for evry position u need confirmation.... its never too late for 10-20pips, u learn on this things, later when u have more expirience u can play extremly , then u dont need confirmation.... third for me its most important when ever u see good setup, do some more reaserch take a look on H1, H4... big players make money on us, thats why when we go short they go long... so start to think like one of them, like u have so much money that u can move market and u always get profit.... discipline is also important, when u see that price break out trend dont hurry , she must go back again to test that new resistance line, if she close below new resistance then go short.... on stoch and macd look for convergence and divergence u can avoid bad signals if u use them for that...

I hope so some of this advice can help u.... if u are not confortable to trade alone pm me with your msn so u can always ask me what i think.... its always better to consultate with one or more guys becouse psyhology of human is greed , so are brain evry stupid candle see as entry signal, thats why u need patience and discipline.... and like my teacher say to me before one year psyhology is 80% of succes rest is elliot and fibs....

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
this is hard on the gentle guy!

we need a friendly and an encouraging statement.

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
[QUOTEthanks! can you help me take a look at my setup here? i got stopped out, was wondering if i made a mistake ?][/quote]

Man, u did try on this trade but for now UJ doesnt offer trading opportunity for intra-day level using this method and i will try as much as i can to explain this with the following charts.

Daily: UJ did form a nice head and shoulder pattern, broke the aggressive outer bearish TL, took out last high, formed a higher high and now retested the broken trendline at 50.0 fib confluence. my bias for this pair is bullish

4hrrice is forming a bullish flag immediately the bearish trendline is broken. we need to see price rally above 93.73 to make a higher and create a bullish impulsive wave and a 4hr medium term trade can be taken on retest of the trendline or support with confirmation from stoch.

for now, its stay aside on UJ until those criteria are met.

u can reach me at naijafx(@)yahoo.com if u need any assistance and i will be available to offer any help i can.

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
Man i just try to put his mind on right direction... i dont want to inslut no one and dont want to someone think im the smartest guy on earth.... i just want o be a litlle harsh becouse i was making a same mistakes, but i didnt have no one to put me on right direction.... im friendly guy, i told him to pm me for msn to can consult me about entry position..... And evrything i write in couple of words is a 18 months of study many methods and other shity things....

Big players are not stupid becouse they only use waves and fibo, actuallly we are stupid becouse we try to find a working system, only thing that works and have a logic is waves and fibo? why none of big players dont use any other indicator? what u think? they all dance as price dance, so they can give u a signal ant another minut they give u a false signal.... Learn price action and read elliot wave book pls guys.... pls

If anyone realy need suggestion feel free to pm me with your msn adress and i will add u...

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
thanks sucre and haj, thanks, im just taking the advice, wun add my own tone to it, haha, thanks guys!

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
Hi All

Here is a potential setup on the CHFJPY on the hourly chart that could trigger soon.

This 1h pattern falls on the tail end of a Daz setup that developed on the 4h chart on Tuesday. I took the 4h trade but closed out at the 50% first target as just below was some significant support at 86 ish, also the 50% level offered a risk reward of over 2 to 1, there was no need to get too greedy!

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
OK here is my analysis of the CHF JPY that led to the trade on the 4h chart, I am posting this hoping it is helpful to other people.

Weekly chart

Price had been moving in a sideways range breaking down out of the range on the 4th of Feb, after which a new low occured around the start of march. Then price put in a lower high on the 1st April.

Daily Chart

On the daily chart shown below this lower high happened at the top of an uptrend that lasted for a month through march. Then the daily made a lower high on the 15th of march and went on to break a lower trendline fitted to the uptrend.

4h Chart

As can be seen on the 4h chart I put in my previous post, price pulled back to the trendline and bounced off the 50sma and closed exactly on the 50% fib retracement. Also the CHFJPY and EUR JPY rallied far more weakly than the other yen currencies (Which were approaching the top of their recent trading ranges) in the final up move before the Daz trade triggered.

Happy trading people

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
Jurrasic Park!

50% target hit already and price is dropping like a lead ballon, long live Dazfx.

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
Hello Did your rest of it BE? or SL?

Thank You

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Hi, the 62% T2 target was hit (86.17 including the spread) and then Iwas out of the trade. I never had my normal full position size on this trade because after price triggered I opened one position but then price never touched the 5sma allowing me to open another 2 positions.  So I just set the target for my single position at the 62% fib - the spread. Luckily it was hit with 2 pips to spare before the reversal!!

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
haha Nice anyone trade anything today? so us Newbies can learn?

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
I notice that Vincent has produced alot of valid setups here,  awesome.  Sometime the simple way to trade is just using this DAz.  I have not been looking at this have missed some actions.  I am missing the early days of the thread, sometimes the easy trades are in here instead of trying to get the harder ones.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
Evening (or morning) depending on where you are.

Here is a trade on the AZD NZD I just entered on the 1h chart. The 1.82 level has been tested on the 1h chart four times now, the question is will it hold? Next strong support is at 1.27.

Pair is in an up channel on the daily and looks as if it has some more to drop.

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
Hi all,

I had entered 2 trades few hours ago

NZDUSD H1 long (Daily bullish)

EURGBP H1 short (Daily bearish)

Both trade hit my stop loss

Can you all tell me my problem?

Thank you very much

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
Morning stl, hows it going. I was looking at your EUR GBP trade which shows the daily in a nice down channel but noticed a couple of things that would have made me more cautious about taking the setup.

1. The 0.8650 price level on the daily has acted as strong support/resis

2. Price had just bounced off the lower channel line.

3. Price failed to make a new swing low on the 1h chart.

4. On the hourly setup there are about 20 candles in the AB wave. Moving up to the 4 hour time frame, right now it can be seen a Daz setup is just about to setup again, after price bounced off the 78% level with 7 candles in the AB wave which looks more ideal. Although personally I would not take the 4h setup because of the reasons above.

I took a setup yesterday on the AZD NZD that traded into a support level also, the level held and price bouced off the precise level, resulting in one position being filled at 50% and the other was stopped out.

good luck out there and lets make some pips

VP

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
Aud/usd H1 Trede entry

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
u got the best setup of the day!

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
I target FE61.8 only and got it...

Stop loss was 38 pips and profit is 48 pips. not bad for london session.

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
Nice trade Pip , alas I was fast asleep at the time and missed all the action.

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
Nice setup on Dragon, careful with this volatile pair.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
VP what time frame is better for this method H1 or H4?

Can i use this indicator for following trend direction.

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
Should i take this entry????

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
I use this method in 4h TF mostly, but depends of your MM, I mean, if you're an intraday trader, 40 - 60 pips SL is ok [1h], but you'll be more expose to whipsaws, if you like use stops of 100 or 120, with profits from 100 - 300 pips, 4h & daily TF's is the way to go!

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
Thnx JhonMonsalve really usefull for me...

But on H1 can i got against H4 trend. like now on Gbp/Jpy H4 is supporting buy and on H1 having swing for sell....

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
Be careful on 1h, after that 4h bullish engulf candle, I don't dare to short, not now, for bearish continuation in Dragon, 141.5 has to be cleared first, besides, check your 4h stoch, is bouncing from bearish to bullish [confirms the up move].

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
Yeah i will be carefull, i just got some guideline from you and follow now H4 setup to enter..

can you see some posts back i posted a MTF indicator can i use it for following trend. it is also giving me buy signal for Dragon now.

Thanx a lot

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
I told you, Dragon moves fast  , let's see if 5 Sma holds for now.

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
i took this trade on retracement of 5 SMA 124.00 overall in profit but tell me was that good entry?

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
Absolutely agree, quick profits on that, on Dragon, 5 Sma is holding...

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
I was just confused about the entry becoz of bearish long candle..... I took Dragon from 5 SMA let's see where it goes FE 61.8 is +145.00

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
Working well so far, don't forget lock in profits.

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
yeah i will keep an sharp eye on it..

GooD LuCk for your trade also....

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
Wow the thread is getting lively, I hope your trades hit targets guys. I also entered a position short on the GBP CHF about 20 mins ago on the 1h. It is countertrend to the recent uptrend on the daily but recent price action suggests to me the rally is out of puff. Still I might get slapped in the face in the next few hours. . . . I risked less for this reason.

Here is the chart.

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
This one worked out pretty well for you vincent

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
Yes VP after your some explaination, i m learning this method.

VP i asked about an indicator some posts back please check it and tell me is it usefull or not?

Good luck for your trade

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
my greatest challenge with this method is deteming the actual trend on thd daily chart. am slowly begining to grab it now. many thanks to all contributors. especially the thread starter- dazfx

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
Hey VP, hope you were lock in profits on that one , keep it up here!

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
Hey Pip, so far so good, always remember lock profits, first TP hit @1.4375, let's see how it goes!

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
First TP hit, careful above that level or 144, 145 is a possibility too! Stoch has more room to go up! like I said before, 4h & daily work pretty well for this system

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
Yeah Jhon i m +100 now and hopeing for FE50.0...

Thanx a lot for your guideline.

I tried Eur/Jpy on H1 so it is negative till now just got saved my stop loss by 1 pip

Hope to learn more from this thread senior members.

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
Great to hear that Pip, now, second target in the scope...

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
I have closed my half lot JhoneMonsalve and on other locked 100 pips and target for 2nd TP....

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
Wow, 100pips and still moving thats great. Sorry I did not reply earlier Pip, I have just crossed the border into Bolivia and they dont seem to have heard of wi fi here lol. Will reply about the indicator properly a bit later. Also noticed after a sneaky look at the charts cable 4h is looking interesting and may lead to a sell in a few hours, worth keeping an eye on.

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
Yes i m watching it VP, on my chart it is 61.8+MTF line so should be strong resistence their. hopefully good for tomorrow....

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
After taking another look I have decided to take cable off my radar until next week now for a few reasons . One being that there are only 7 4h candles left till end of week and the pair has had a nasty habit of gapping over the weekend!

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
Hello VP,

can you briefly explain this thing?

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
Hello,

VP & JhonMosalve,

Look at this EJ H4 Chart, I think it is realy hard for EJ to break above Trendline if this H4 candle close below it it can be reversed.

What you think guys?

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
I have been reading the thread and am very impressed with the contributions most especially by Jhon and VP.

Let me cut in here before i give my insight to ur question. this system looks to trade a a daily trendy pair off 1hr TF as intra-day and 4hr as swing. trader's job is to look for a trendy pair on daily first and start trading in that trend on lower time frame

I will advice newbie to stay away from difficult pairs as it will lead to large drawdown. this system is one of the best on FF but it requires skills and experience to trade-in daily.

now to eurjpy:

Longtterm is bearish but presently there is strong contention between bear and bull, price is kinda consolidating on daily .

this pair is not good for this system now, it will take experienced trader who understand price action to trade eurjpy with this system with success with the on-going scenario on daily.

Note of warning again: i saw GCHF that VP took, though he admitted it was a counter trend, ofcourse it was but he was able to be smart enough to know when to bail out....... newbie, dont dare this approach, u will blow your acct.

My advice is look for trendy pairs. at times, u might not get a single trade using this system for weeks but u wont go broke trading it consistently.....

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
I closed other at +253.

Thanx to JhonmonSalve and VP

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
Great to hear that Pip, congrats, enjoy your greens, keeping a cool head, this thing is pointing to 150, I'm serious, candlestick pattern on monthly charts is telling me that, so, try to lock profits and let it run!

Happy weekend!

Jhon

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Great post Naija!

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
Btw, I'm scalping shorts @145, because of that: Note that I use RSX most of the times for my entries, instead of original system with Stoch [works better for me]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
This pair is really fast, I'm out of this @DPP, I'm done for the week!

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
i just made quick 65 pips on GU, entered at 5 SMA retracement closed half position at 38.2 and remaining targetting 200 SMA.

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
Pip26, select your fib, right click, Fibo Properties, go to Fibo Levels tab, doubleclick any value under description and add %$ symbols. That way you will have price written on the level you choose. Easier to identify price on certain level.

Let's get this thread going again

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
Hello im reading the whole thread, but sometimes i look too the last posts (hehe i know i shouldnt).

BTW

Could you post that RSX indicator pls?

Thx

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
Hi, Where can I find RSX that you use on your charts. Can you post it here?

Thanks.

Sasa

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
EU also gave good entry point. I entered at retouch of 5SMA on vertical line candle at 1.3290... stop loss 10 pips above 78.6 which got save only by 6 pips . Targets 1st FE 50.0 2nd FE 61.8....

Gbp/Usd hit profit target 1.5240 +90 pips....

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
Here you go!

Attached File(s)   MA_of_RSX_RefreshFixed.mq4

4 KB
|
358 downloads

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
Hello,

VP & Jhon,

No setups from you guys????????

Hello calderone how ru?

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
Just started looking for a setup.  How are you doing Pip26?

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
Morning Pip hows things?

Great to see the good results and that you have been raking in some Rupia's, I have been in front of the the charts for a few hours and no setups as yet. I am 4h behind GMT so unfortunately miss half of the UK session which is why most of my trades are posted during the EST US session.

VP

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
I am on est so I miss the first half of London.

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
Hey Pip! Catch me on Daily candle chart thread, I'm posting frequently there, any Daz setup nowadays.

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
I took this trade and hope it will touch the target soon.

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
Hey Pip, yeah I was looking at that setup too but missed a good point to enter, is dropping like lemmings off a cliff now I see which is great.

Instead I got a reasonable entry on the CAD JPY and am have 100% extension target on this one due to the large trigger candle, stop at break even now as price hit the 62% fib. Here is the chart.

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
Ha haaa, just took another look at the GU, needless to say all tergets hit for you there pip26, happy days. ,

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
Got the targets........

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
Thats a nice bag full of pips you got there pip26, I am just behind you, out of the CAD JPY trade now just short of the 100% level. What a nice end to the week after a few crazy days and some patience waiting for a decent pullback.

Will just be doing a few small scalps now if any opportunities arise.

VP

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
Thanx VP

What do you say about this Usd/Cad setup.....

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
Hi

Here is my 4h UC chart. I see some significant resis at 1.04 and price is now looking pretty extended at this level. For this reason I would be nervous about going long here.

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
Glad you guys are still posting here. I had been watching for setups but hadn't seen any good ones. Missed the daz setups earlier but will start hunting again next week after nfp.

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
Hey Calderone, yeah hardly any good Daz setups to be had this week. I have seen some of your posts on the Saxon Nearly naked thread, I admit I have been a silent lurker over there for a while, it is a brilliant thread with some great traders and analysis. Hows your week been?

VP

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
I book my profits VP, nice ending of week...

hello Calderone hope to see some charts from you during next week....

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
Yeah great end to the week pip, you have the midas touch. . . .!

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
I will post any setups I see. Good trading today, congrats!

Massive moves since I left the house a while ago.

Keep up the good work!

Mike

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
Thanx VP your support is also appreciated....

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
Thanx Calderone for advising me to move to H1, H4 time frames....

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
Well you certainly have patience!

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
It has all gone mental, time to take a break from the charts for a while. . Only thing is my poor stocks are going to bet smashed to bits when the FTSE opens tomorrow. . . .

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
For someone it is mental but for someone it is awsome VP........

hope you will cover back.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
I m just looking at these setups....

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
can someone pls tell me what is wrong with my approach? i know there will be times when we lose money but i hope to know if im losing it right, thank you fellow traders.

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
Morning Pip26, I could not stay away from the charts either and entered this trade today, definately the last one this week . lol.

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
Nice one VP, i m not following this pair....

I just took rest today no trade just relax.. just watching mad movements of market.

H4 have got many bigger waves on many pairs that's why from next week i will look at H1 charts....

cu next week

Happy weekend

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
Hi

I marked what I think would be your ABC wave on the chart below. The only thing I would say about the ABC wave is it is very small (I think that is right as you have a long entry marked on your chart), with only one candle making up the BC wave and consequently no signal from the stock at the end of the BC part of the wave to give a point to enter. I prefer an ABC wave to be clearly defined and very visible, as then it is likely many other traders are seeing it too. Also the price action has gone a bit crazy on that chart in the last 2 days with a lot of oversized candles, I circled this area, making things even more uncertain than usual in my opinion.

Hope this is useful

VP

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
thank you very much =)

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
following this thread

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
Subscribing. Good Thread.

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
UC Long

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
Good ride....

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
Thank you.

I am new to this thread but I am already trading a Fibo strategy for 2 years long.

I also have an EA (Expert Advisor) that runs this strategy profitably, which is similar to DazFx method, but still has its own conditions which are not included in DazFx's rules.

I will post more manual trades here.

Good luck to you all.

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
EJ Short.

I did not trade this. SL is too far.

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
EU Short.

SL is too far. Anyway, I missed it.

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
Dont you think, you are making early entries... you should wait for candle to close below MA.. according to daz method.

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
Quote:

"1) The new candle following the Confirmation Candle is on or near the 5 SMA."

The candle does not have to close below. It can be near.

Also, I trade mostly the 4H but I look at the 1H to see if the candle(s) there already crossed the 5SMA.

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
UCAD Long - Trade has not been confirmed yet.

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
Yes you are right... Good Luck for both setups

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
Could you please explain why the trade is not confirmed yet?

thx

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
Hello VP,

are you just watching movements today... or grabbing some pips silently

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
Afternoon Pip, I grabbed a few pips last night on the AUD USD gap fill shortly after open apart from that I have been cleaning up my charts and trying to get a handle on things after last weeks large moves. Only chart I like the look of right now for future Daz trades is the EUR AUD, I am keeping an eye on it for short setups over the next few days. Not much else on my plate.

VP

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
Any specific reason for only eur/aud....... why not other pairs.

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
Is just that this is the only chart that really caught my eye in terms of Daz trades, nice down channel on the 4h and price has just made a strong bounce off the upper trendline of the channel. So there is a good potential for a pullback and a sell setup if price behaves and continues to the lower support line of the channel.

Also I am staying away from the pairs that put in large moves last week, at least until tomorrow, want to see whee prices stabalise, if they do!!

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
The Stoc was not crossing completely while the candle was not closed yet to form any kind of candlestick pattern

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
maybe u will like to share e difference in ur system?

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
In this thread I will not post new rules for Dazfx's method.

His method works great and I don't want to confuse between methods.

My method is not that different but this method is good enough for all.

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
UJ - Short

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
Usd/Jpy short

usd/Cad long

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
Good.

I took them too.

Luck!

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
I also took this mate but with very low risk

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
Good one too.

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
I took the long USD/CAD this morning at 1.0242

- stop at 1.0200 (low of last bars)

- target at 1.0340 (61.8 retracement of the rally)

Let's see how it goes.

How are you managing the trade so far? thx

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
I can be nice trade mate, price is also at lower trendline channel.... let see how much will it go up..

My UJ, EJ are going well.

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
GU - I missed it yesterday.

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
UCad - SL hit at 1.0200

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
Hi All,

Yes got stopped on the USDCAD long. Let's try again

Took long on EU at 1.2720

- Price not far from 5 SMA

- Price bounced at 0.786 and breaching 0.618

- Bullish cross on stoch and bullish divergence

The 4H candle closes in 1 hour.

Stop at swing low: ~1.2650

Target: 1.2850

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
Hi and welcome to the thread. The trade may well work out well for you but if you are new to trading Daz setups it would be better to stay with the direction of the trend on the daily chart and avoid the more difficult counter trend setups, to increase the hit.  Also notice that yesterdays daily candle is pretty bearish and the trigger candle on the 4h and pryor candle do not make a bullish pattern. The trigger candle touched the high of the previos candle but only managed to close half way up the body.

Taking a setup where the candle pattern looks strong in the direction of the trade also is a factor to consider and will help increase the hit rate.

p.s My candle chart pattern looks slightly different to yours, only just noticed, different broker.

VP

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
Hi VP,

Many thanks for your comments. I closed the trade at entry price after it reached 1.2750 and came back. I really did not like the price action on shorter time frame. The price is now 1.2630 so this is a bad entry I took.

I still have lots to learn so I better see the setups posted here and analyze them. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
All syatems are go, if the AU gives me a good entry point, which is looking more doubtful the way the latest 1h candle is shaping up! Here is the chart.

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
Nice VP Good Luck.....

I am still looking at H4 and quite good positions will post later...

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
Good trade.

Heads up.

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
I am out of that move now, -20pips, looks like the 9000 level is holding ground for now!

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
This whole week gave us only ranging and patience... mostly pairs is on ground now i think need something to to bring them back in air to take any direction.

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
My 2 positive trades.

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
Here is a nice tool (indicator) that draws the fibo levels with prices.

After you decide by yourself if the major trend is Long or Short, you change the trend in the indicator to show the pattern to TRUE and the opposite to FALSE.

I.e: if the trend is LONG, you change the SHORT option to FALSE.

"Draw SHORT pattern" = FALSE

TRUE is the default.

You also need to decide what is the minimum "range" of the move which you are looking to be retraced.

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
I will give it a try mate. thnx

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
I don't understand why the problem with the Fibo drawing. If you draw from top to bottom the 100 is at the top, whereas if you draw from bottom to top the zero is at the top. In other words you start from the 100.

hope it helps

herty

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
I am not sure I understood you.

Anyway, this indicator finds by itself everytime there is a new pattern that has the minimum range and then draws the fibo levels.

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
Yen pair alert, GPY/JPY, EUR/JPY and CHF,JPY all could need a good Dazing!

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
Anyone else get onto one of these pairs, there was not much opportunity to gain an entry as they dropped fast?

I dazed the GJ and it has hit the 78% and is on its way down, I hope.

Nice Daz pattern on the  1h, almost perfect.

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
Nice work VP, i was just waiting today to close my shorts on some pairs only had small time frame trades today. But i must say due to this daz method once again i m gonna enjoy this weekend.

I closed these trades as i dont wanna keep them over this weekend.

Just holding my UJ short and UC long.

Good Luck Allz

Happy Weekend

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
Greatwork pipster, some very nice trades there, yep I am finised for the week now and am up, so happy with that.

Have a good one and see you next week.

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
Hello,

i tried your indicator today, i think it is better for fixed range targets only. it draws correctly but can forget small swing waves. Manually is good. Maybe it is working for you so keep it up mate.

And please keep posting your charts... worth a lot.

cya

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
VP my great work appreciate you for guiding me this method.

Thanx a lot

see you next week.

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
Hello VP,

I have one question please clarify me.

I attached 2 charts of aud/usd h4...

Look it is a retracement of 61.8 level and if u see the first green candle in blue highlighted area is just closed little bit above 61.8 and the next bearish candle made a high of 0.9025 but 78.6 is at 0.9037 which is 12 pips above, so in that case when 61.8 is rejected by very small pip maybe 1-2 pip and next candle give us entry signal below 5 SMA, should we take this entry or wait for 78.6.

And if we take 78.6 how many pips we can avoid. i think it should be 5-7 pips but it is a gap of 12 pips.

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
I am not VP but I will give my 2 cents.

You have 2 options:

a. Enter after the close of the first red bar (confirmation bar) and put your SL just above it. If your SL is hit, enter again after the next red bar.

b. Enter after the first red bar or even after the green bar (1 bar prior the red bar), and put your SL at the 78.6 fibo level.

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
By the way, the AUD-USD's major trend is up and not down.

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
I would say range market with high volatility, it can go either way(as always)

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
Hi,

We have EURUSD 1 hour in the making.

Main trend is down.

Retrace to 76.4 of last swing low.

Except stoch is not hooking down.

I would be careful on this one though, since there is pin bar forming on the daily timeframe, indicating we might get a bullish move up to 1.25000 (estimate Tuesday or Wednesday this week if price brakes 1.2425 tomorrow)

Take care.

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
Pretty much the same thing on EURJPY...

except we would see it go to 116.000 if price brakes 115.000 tomorrow.

Again, be careful if shorting on hourly. Adjust your position size accordingly.

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
AUD/USD , , NZD,USD , , , potential sell alert, lets see how the hour candle finishes:nerd:. Will post charts in a while if the setups look good.

--- 帖子 #2029 ---
AUDUSD looks clearer in this case. Better definable long term trend to start with...

--- 帖子 #2030 ---
Momentum slowed, time of day, these are not looking so great to me now but I think they still have potential. Am keeping a watch on them to see what they do.

--- 帖子 #2031 ---
Well, I took a position in both the pairs. I waited to see the 4h close and following that wanted to see where the midnight (witching) 1h candle was going to, I trade a lot through midnight GMT (due to my time zone) and find the 1st 1h candle of the day can make or break one hour setups!! So I entered with a slightly worse RR than usual but am more confident seeing where the witching candle was going. Anyway enough of superstition here are the charts.

VP

--- 帖子 #2032 ---
AU hit the 50% fib then the rest of the position was stopped out at even, the NU was more stubborn and did not really move after entry before taking out the stop. Good job I split my postion between both!

--- 帖子 #2033 ---
Anyone have a view as to potential trades on the USD/CAD and CHF/JPY 4h charts, buy and sell respectively?

--- 帖子 #2034 ---
Here is mine VP

--- 帖子 #2035 ---
Hey Pip, here are my charts, I am fully loaded onto these two positions  (i.e 2% per trade ) , and if the first four hour candle is anything to go by momentum looks decent on both. The price targets maybe a little ambitious so I will be trailing the stop depending on the price action.

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #2036 ---
USd/Cad is in good form bouncing from lower trend line. for both I think we should keep moving our stop loss with each average big candle tail it is better.

But i think our stop loss risk is not that much bigger...... Good Potential entries.

GooD LuCk

--- 帖子 #2037 ---
Well , I did not expect to be writing this so soon but the 4h CHF/JPY trade just filled for 150 pips. . . , It was travelling at 30 pips an hour, which I reckon is high speed for this pair lol.

USD CAD, biting away at 1.0400 round number and looking strongish still. Closed out one position at 50% fib for 90 pips profit and the other is set for 1.0440

Did you trade this pip?

--- 帖子 #2038 ---
Good Morning VP,

I got in USD/CAD, USD/JPY closed half at FE 61.8 for both +140 & +80 respectively.

--- 帖子 #2039 ---
Nice one Pip, I am out of all my positions now. I extended the fill to 1.0472 on the USD/CAD which filled overnight and now looks like the chart is forming a nice little up channel.

--- 帖子 #2040 ---
I am hoping USDCAD will do nice upside ride. Here is my  more setup recently taken quick pips.

--- 帖子 #2041 ---
Again great trades Pip, I missed those this morning and a few others too!

--- 帖子 #2042 ---
Thanx VP,

Keep watching Eur/Jpy, Eur/Usd H1 charts.

--- 帖子 #2043 ---
Also looking at the AU 1h right now! What do people think about the stup?

:nerd:

--- 帖子 #2044 ---
Looks like a no go now, price appears to be consolidating. . .

--- 帖子 #2045 ---
Good Morning with Good Pipsssss............

--- 帖子 #2046 ---
VP just look at Risk Reward for those trades......

--- 帖子 #2047 ---
I hope my again awesome week close with DAZ

--- 帖子 #2048 ---
Ei pip26 im interested in those trades, can you tell me where was your entry order exactly and where you putted your stop loss for every trade?? Thank you

--- 帖子 #2049 ---
You have been busy Pipster and raked in the coins, thats great , unlike me. I was watching the EUR/JPY 4h quite closely for an entry but fell asleep  and  woke up to find I had missed out on 200pips .

--- 帖子 #2050 ---
Hello BeLikeWater,

I try to show you on charts. i use simple DAZ method... just wait for candle to close at or below 5SMA and wait for retracement. Stop loss is just above retracement point C. I use +10 above/below point C. for H1 i use 1:1 ratio for my half lot size and then i use every candle tail for moving my stop loss.

I hope you got your answers.

Sorry for big blank charts

--- 帖子 #2051 ---
Nevermind VP more will come for you.

You noticed i was not using H1 before but now i think for intraday it is good..

--- 帖子 #2052 ---
Look at these 2 setups VP.. very good and fast pipping...... I havn't got but H1 covered my week once again.

--- 帖子 #2053 ---
This week must be your best Daz week yet Pip!

Yeah I like the 4h and 1h particularly for DAZing, I also trade the daily sometimes too. As for 15m and lower time frames, I dont touch them as I find the signals and price action less reliable.

My week has been good too, account up 10% on Daz trades alone!! I also entered the EUR/USD long earlier today at 1.2339, it is moving like a dream, and I would be glad to see another 300 - 400 pips but who knows in these crazy times.    (But this is not a Daz trade )

--- 帖子 #2054 ---
Yes VP you are right it is my 3rd consecutive best week with Daz, i really appreciate his work...

I am watching now H4 bigger waves to be windup for Eur/usd i hope it will touch 1.2700 tomorrow... I close my all trades daily becoz euro crisis can do anything overnight so dont want to take risk.

What is your method for Eur/Usd long???

--- 帖子 #2055 ---
GBP JPY, check it out. . . .COULD setup, no time to post chart. Beware is a fast mover!

--- 帖子 #2056 ---
Ok I am out now , exit at 128.03. I took 135 pips from the entry at 129.38 (not strictly a Daz entry, but the chart formed my favorite short candle pattern on the 1h so I took advantage). Likewise I jumped out early before the 50% fib and I see price i still going down, reason being I am a burned out for the week. . . so wanted to take the profit and call it a day or a week, might be back tomorrow . If not have a good weekend everyone. . . .

Here is the chart

--- 帖子 #2057 ---
Good evening to everyone following the thread. Recently there have not been so many posters but I have seen a few names appearing here and there and know there are a number of people following and trading the Daz method.

I want to write a few posts with some info that I think could be useful to anyone that is looking to trade this method.

First off I am no expert and still a trader learning better ways to  make money in these markets. So anything I write is just from my own personal experience and aimed at helping us all progress.

It would be good if people find my posts useful, I will continue to post my setups as they happen so that the chart patterns can be seen as they develop as examples, which I hope work out lol.

And to Naijafx and JhonMonsalve and Pipster26, if you guys want to add anything please do, it would be appreciated.

I will keep the posts short as I am staying in Bolivia at above 4000m right now, the internet here aint good, info gets lost so easily.

--- 帖子 #2058 ---
Candle patterns.

Daz mentions this in the very first post to the thread and it makes a big difference, but it has not been mentioned much or discussed recently in the thread from what I have seen.

All other factors aside,  in this post I want to concentrate on specifically what is happening when price hits a Fib level, 50% , 62% or 78%.

Whichever Fib level it might be is not so important, unless it coincides with support or resistance but that is not what I want to talk about here. I want to focus in and look only for the moment  at the candle pattern.

What happens to candle pattern at the retracement level? Sure price might well bounce off as some sellers or buyers eye that point (50% , 62% or 78%) to enter postions. The stochastic (8,3,3) may also be crossing at whichever level as price bounces from the retracement level. The question is when you are looking at the chart, what represents a good opportunity?

Ok the following candle patterns will give better opportunities in my humble opinion.

First off and the most  powerful is this pattern. The candle before the trigger candle makes a new high. The trigger candle hits the high but does not breach it then goes on to close lower. A++ for me this is my favorite candle bounce off a fib level.

--- 帖子 #2059 ---
Next two I consider equal.

The first candle makes  a swing high and the next candle (signal candle ) falls straight back down and closes right on the open of the previous candle, this affectivly is a pin (extended over 2hours if it is seen on a 1h time frame for example). A Pin on the time frame of the trade is also just as good.

--- 帖子 #2060 ---
Next is this pattarn, which on a lower time frame would be a double bottom. The third candle in the circle needing to close at least as high as the first candle to complete the double bottom, but that is a perfect formation.

These three patterns form often on the charts at bounces from fib levels but they obviously are never perfect, approximations and judgements along with all other factors will make the trade.

--- 帖子 #2061 ---
Good Morning VP & Daz Traders,

Nice information VP thanx a lot will look for it on next setups.

--- 帖子 #2062 ---
1st 2 setups for friday, i m just waiting for the stochs to cross down and up.

--- 帖子 #2063 ---
Great Work VP,Pip,

i am watching/testing this method in the past 4-5 months,

All i can say is "i found a system that works for me"!!!

i will try to add some of my trades soon,

good luck all and keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #2064 ---
The price on GJ hit already the 61.8 fibo level 12 bars earlier (look at the picture, marked as point 1).

Didn't you open a trade then?

--- 帖子 #2065 ---
Regarding your question about entry in gbpjpy:

In Dazfx's definition, or the following discussion, he defined the swing as approx 4-11 candles. If there where more candles then one should check the higer timeframe. In your case there are 17 candles, so H4 might be a better choice.

For the entry point he defined the reward:risk>=1.5. If I have understood this correctly then your entry should be between 0 and 31.44 when the last target is 78.6. This is what I call Entry Limit in my charts.

If all this is correct, then the candle after the second confirmation candle after point 1 is a legal entry. You will also have a legal entry at 2 after the confirmation candle.

Dazfx also emphasized the importance of not taking the entire swing. My proposal is shown having a swing of 7 candles.

--- 帖子 #2066 ---
Usd/Jpy

--- 帖子 #2067 ---
Yes you are right, actually i missed the previous retracement and again it rejected the same level so it becomes double top

--- 帖子 #2068 ---
Anyone looking at euraud? Is it too risky?

--- 帖子 #2069 ---
VP what do you say about this setup, seems quite risky but following trend direction.

--- 帖子 #2070 ---
Hello jarnilse,

If you are taking counter trend then it is okay. Just wait candle to close near or at 5 SMA

(I didn't notice it is eur/aud i thght eur/usd)

--- 帖子 #2071 ---
Thanks for the reply Pips26.

I realize I was against the daily, but hoped the previous days would signify a trend change. Lost my nerve and closed it at +80.

--- 帖子 #2072 ---
Hi Pip I know it is a bit late now but there are a few indications in the price pattern that would have prevented me from trading this setup. First price had made a higher high and low before the setup. And second after making the higher high and touching the 50ma, instead of dropping off price came back very soon to test the 50ma again.

Thats all I noticed that would have ade me think twice about the trade.

VP

--- 帖子 #2073 ---
Hi and welcome to the thread.

Here is a daily chart of the EUR AUD. The down channel on the chart shows some nice price action and while price remained in that chnnel there would have been some great opportunities to short.

After price broke out of the channel it went nuts  and price action at least for me has gone out the window, I think it  could do anything!! So I am waiting for the chart to settle down and resume more normal movement before looking to trade it again.

VP

--- 帖子 #2074 ---
I agree. Better to be conservative and wait for moderate price action, instead of assuming that the violent move will continue and skyrocket too the moon .

I hope you and Pip26 will continue to spend time posting charts and explanations. It is highly appreciated.

--- 帖子 #2075 ---
Here are some great setups for opening day of week

--- 帖子 #2076 ---
Hi Pip26

Thanks for the charts. I have some questions.

I did not take the EURJPY trade because the support line of the downward daily channel was reached mai 20th, and the price appeared to start climbing upwards. On the other hand, looking at H4 we see a nice downward channel. Is this why you took the trade?

Assuming the EURJPY price starts/continue heading towards the resistance line of the daily channel, will you in general take trades/look for setups when we have a downward channel in the H4 chart?

I guess the <--56:14 is your reward:risk ratio. How did you find it?

I assume you entered when the candle with the vertical line through it, closed. This is a large candle. Did you therefore use 61.8, 78.6 and 100 as your profit targets, moving stoploss too entry point when price hit 78.6?

Hope you find time to answer me. Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #2077 ---
I noticed that you are taking deep interest in this thread really appreciate able.

I use H4 and D1 channel for determining direction.

56:14 is not my R:R it is candle time to close.

Vertical  line is showing my entry. I used opening of candle, previous candle is closed at 5 SMA so it is valid for entry. On H1 i use 1:1 for Half lot size and for remaining lot i use FE 61.8 FE 78.6.

Hope i clarify all your questions but if u still have anything else just ask.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2078 ---
Thanks for the reply.

My interest in this trade is mainly because the system use few indicators, is well defined (although I still have questions), and yours and vincentprices charts and comments are very helpfull and shows that it works.

I have never seen Dazfx explain how to calculate the risk reward.

If I ignore the spread and number of units/lots I trade, place stop loss at 0%, enter at 31.44% my risk is 31.44%. If the last profit target is 78.6% then (78.6-31.44)=1.5*31.44. That is: reward=1.5*risk.

Entering the trade before 31.44% will ofcourse improve the reward:risk ratio. If the last take profit level is 100%, then I should not enter after 40%.

How are you calculating the risk reward ratio?

--- 帖子 #2079 ---
Use stop just above point C.

I mostly use 1:1 for half lot size and 1:2 for remaining lot.

Here is method part from DAZ fx about profit targets.

EXIT STRATEGY

Carrying on from the previous example, I would exit my  first lot at Target 1. If price does reach Target 2, I will take out the  second lot, and move my stop loss to Break Even (Entry point). I will  then take out my last lot when Target 3 is reached.

If you look at the charts provided, you can see that the  targets can be calculated using the Fibonacci Expansion tool.

-When the confirmation candle is a Harami (Inside bar),  use FE 50.0 as Target 1, FE 61.8 as Target 2 and FE 78.6 as Target 3.

-When the 'AB' wave consists of  more than 10 candles, use FE 50.0 as Target 1, FE  61.8 as Target 2 and FE 78.6 as Target 3.

-When the confirmation candle is quite large, use FE 61.8  as Target 1, FE 78.6 as Target 2 and FE 100.0 as Target 3.

--- 帖子 #2080 ---
Yes. I know this, and try too follow it.
But it does not explain how too calculate the reward:risk ratio, which Dazfx say should be at least 1.5.

Referring to the same document as you , go to INVALID SETUPS point 2) which states:

2) If the confirmation candle moves so much that the stop loss is widened to a point where the Risk/Reward ratio is no longer 1:1.5.

Dazfx never explain how to verify/calculate Risk/Reward.

From your answer I see that my previous post might have mislead you since I did not emphasize that my procentages was FE procentages. In my previous post the 0% is Point C. So all my calculations refer too the expansion from retracement point C.

My calculations means that if I enter after FE 31.44% then the stop loss has widened to a point where my risk/reward is no longer 1:1.5.

In the STOP LOSS section of the same document, Dazfx states that

"Only take a trade if the stop loss is smaller than your projected target 2".

The STOP LOSS section actually says that if my second profit target is FE 61.8% then I should not enter a trade below 61.8%/2=30.9%.

I normally place stop loss a few pips behind point C. But I ignore these pips here because I want to keep it simple. I just need a visible rule of thumb for the Reward/Risk ratio.

--- 帖子 #2081 ---
http://i173.photobucket.com/albums/w.../Capture-2.png

i'm too good in demo

http://i173.photobucket.com/albums/w.../Capture-3.png

looking for n week setup for my real acc

sl +-100p

pls give me a comment

tq

--- 帖子 #2082 ---
GBPUSD H1 appears to be an opportunity. But I don't like that stochastic on H4 just crossed below 20, moving against the trade direction on H1.

Does this mean that it is best to ignore the setup?

--- 帖子 #2083 ---
Hi your setup may well work out fine, good luck. When there are a large number of candles on the 1h in the AB wave I normally turn to the 4h time frame and wait to see if a trade sets up there.

VP

--- 帖子 #2084 ---
Hi VP.

Thanks for your reply. Decided to wait and see. Maybe wait for H4.

In general: When trading H1 it seems to be safest to wait for setups where H4 stochastic is in the direction of D1, and the trade direction of H1.

Maybe too many setups are lost being that picky?

--- 帖子 #2085 ---
Hope for good reward

--- 帖子 #2086 ---
Hello to Allzzzzz,

Why members of this thread are sleeping, I see only few traders post their setups. I think we all should show interest in this method and start sharing setups, also i request senior members to keep newbie's guiding about new setups and trades.

I hope many traders will start contributing.

Good Luck to this thread.

& Good Luck to All

--- 帖子 #2087 ---
I suppose is because all are having fun with their profits following this thread and dont care of it anymore

--- 帖子 #2088 ---
LOL, still around, not been trading much this week, had a small break to relax a bit. Anyway here is a reasonable looking trade on the EUR CAD that just triggered.

--- 帖子 #2089 ---
Lets see who wins then
http://img717.imageshack.us/img717/1940/hahapf.jpg

Uploaded with ImageShack.us

--- 帖子 #2090 ---
From looking at the stop loss and price targets on both charts, there is the possibility that both our trades could fill in profit! I hope that is how it plays out. . .

--- 帖子 #2091 ---
That is my very quiet week week probably over now. . .. . .trade filled for 63 pips profit.

--- 帖子 #2092 ---
Hi,

Some time ago there was a group of Daz traders who meet in Trading rooms. It was a live chat where one could post charts. That group unfortunately fell apart.

I am suggesting that we make a group on Sykpe, to talk live, since not everybody can monitor chart all the time. That way we could catch more setups.

What do you think?

Find me on Skype under name Brazool (from Slovenia)

--- 帖子 #2093 ---
EU - Long

--- 帖子 #2094 ---
That,s a good suggestion because many people are using Skype and it is relatively effective and above all,free of charge.Cheers!

--- 帖子 #2095 ---
These are setups on Daily charts, i m watching only.

All are making now higher lows on H4 so it can be a sign of trend change but D1 needs to be confirm the reversal so till then bearish only.

With the direction of H4 long trades on H1 but can be taken but can be risky too so take care.

--- 帖子 #2096 ---
Do you find setups that only retrace to 50% fib, just as successful as the ones that retrace to 61,8 or 76,4 ? Taking into consideration that all other requirements are met (stoch in the right direction, confirmation bar, R:R ratio...)

--- 帖子 #2097 ---
Simple answer is yes. All other things being equal, for me a bounce off any of the 3 fib retracement levels is just as good. I do not trade off the 38% retracement as I find this level can be less reliable but that is just through my experience.

--- 帖子 #2098 ---
Morning to everyone,

I am looking at Eur/NZD and it has a perfect setup following the Daz method to the T.  it is bouncing off the 61.8% on the 4 hr chart as I type.  good luck to all as this seems to be a great opportunity to make some pips.

--- 帖子 #2099 ---
Hello VP,

50.0 fib level acts as good as 61.8 / 78.6 but with daz method we need only 61.8 / 78.6.

But 50.0 can be use with other methods like S&R + trendline confluence etc....

How do you use it?

--- 帖子 #2100 ---
Hey guys , refer to this post on the thread and section surrounding it for more information on trading off the 50% Fib level, is part of the Daz method using a few additional rules.

Advanced entry rules are stated below

1. Pull back to 38 or 50 fibo area

2. confirmation candle formed at either of the fibo number

3. sma(5) to give u good entry

4. stoch has crossed as usual

5. hidden divergence seen on stoch(hidden divergence indicates trend continuation)

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=75922&page=45

--- 帖子 #2101 ---
Thanx VP for this information.

What about profit targets for 38.2, 50.0 retracements??

--- 帖子 #2102 ---
Somebody correct me if I'm wrong, but I would imagine targets would be the same FE 50.0 as Target 1, FE 61.8 as Target 2 and FE 78.6 as Target 3.

Where is everybody anyway?

Come join us on Skype, find me under Brazool (from Slovenia).

--- 帖子 #2103 ---
After a long wait wait and wait i got some setups.

--- 帖子 #2104 ---
Pip26, please post them sooner

--- 帖子 #2105 ---
Next time i will try my best to post it early.

--- 帖子 #2106 ---
Yes same target rules apply off these fib levels too.

--- 帖子 #2107 ---
Hello VP,

What about your trading no setups yet???

thnx for answering

--- 帖子 #2108 ---
I Got profit targets on Eur/Jpy, Closed Gbp/Jpy on rejection of support, closed Gbp/Usd on bounce back of lower trendline.

Now watching Eur/Usd, Aud/usd, Usd/Jpy H4 setups.

--- 帖子 #2109 ---
Setup is getting ready...

--- 帖子 #2110 ---
Morning Pipster, a late night stalker like me. Good luck with your trade, I am currently long EUR AUD 1h and short EUR CAD. EUR CAD 4h not looking so great now on 4h, my fault for taking a small early position.

--- 帖子 #2111 ---
Hello VP,

Good Luck for your trades man....

Are you watching daily charts for GU, GJ???

--- 帖子 #2112 ---
Yes I have been watching those charts. I have them both in a well defined down channels on the daily. Now that the two pairs have shown decisive moves off the lower channel lines I have been watching for opportunities to trade long on the 1h. However is countertrend. Have a look on the 1h charts for both and you will see right now two countertrend trades that could be just about to trigger !

Also these moves are into resistance zones so I would not suggest that anyone trade them. . .!!

--- 帖子 #2113 ---
I am also using H1 for countertrend trading with low risk.

And countertrend is good when pairs moves in corrective waves.

--- 帖子 #2114 ---
Here is my view

Daily Chart is showing down channel with corrective wave now, we are having higher lows. H4 is not showing any good setup in the Daily trend direction due to corrective. So i think we can follow H1 in the direction of H4 when on Daily chart price gets in correction stage.

it is my view, please comment it.

--- 帖子 #2115 ---
Really nice analysis Pipster, I agree with that and like the charts. Catch you later on I need to sleep, my brain is fried after more than enough hours staring at candles. . . .

--- 帖子 #2116 ---
Thanx for appreciating VP, Good luck for your trades.

Have a nice sleep

cya

--- 帖子 #2117 ---
My Eur/Usd entry triggered

--- 帖子 #2118 ---
Stopped out of the Eur Aud 4pips profit . Now I am going to sleep. . . .Or wait for London session. . .

--- 帖子 #2119 ---
Forex lady is stopping you

--- 帖子 #2120 ---
Yeah you got that right Pip and she just made me boil up another pot of coffee.

--- 帖子 #2121 ---
What about GU, GJ H1 setup VP i got triggered on both for 1:1-1:2 only.

Dont get too emotional for that lady be safe.

--- 帖子 #2122 ---
Morning!

Appreciate your charts.

I'm in on EURCAD, H4...Although I don't like the 3 consecutive dojis...

--- 帖子 #2123 ---
Yeah the risk reward was not too good on those two, I did not enter them for that reason and the resistance just above. I hope they work out for you.

--- 帖子 #2124 ---
smilee can you share this stoch divergence indicator?

I m looking for it

--- 帖子 #2125 ---
Hi, EURCAD is being stuburn, is having another crack at support now around 2850. This time I would like to see it get below that level. I dont see any dojis on my 4h chart, sometimes the exact candle pattern changes with different brokers might be the reason why.

--- 帖子 #2126 ---
Gbp/Jpy seems okay as it crossed above TL but i m out of Gbp/Usd it just near UTL and struggling at that level.

--- 帖子 #2127 ---
Sure.

--- 帖子 #2128 ---
Thanx a lot smilee

--- 帖子 #2129 ---
I see the last days support at 2850. I ignored that , concentrating on earlier support around 2660.

Unfortunately you seems to be right...Looked good, but currently trade is against me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2130 ---
Yes the trade has moved into loss but see how it plays out, the bigger picture is bearish on this pair and the stop loss is in a good place to protect from any great damage if the trade does not go to plan.

--- 帖子 #2131 ---
Great daily setup in the making....

--- 帖子 #2132 ---
looks like a good entry for an long position.

requirement: break of trendline

what to you think about?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2133 ---
It seems you are already in.

Stoc has not crossed yet nor price crossed down the EMA.

I meant to bee24.

--- 帖子 #2134 ---
not yet. I will wait for daily close.

The target is several 100 pips above actual level so its no problem to wait for clear and secure entry.

--- 帖子 #2135 ---
Hello Members,

Keep watching Daily Gbp/Usd, Gbp/Jpy setups both are in good position.

--- 帖子 #2136 ---
There is a bearish hidden divergence on GBPJPY, D1, which hopefully will improve chances of success if we go short.

I'm not that certain about GBPUSD.

Will Daz setup on D1 and Daz setup on H1 give us the entry point?

--- 帖子 #2137 ---
Yes jarnilse you can trade D1 and H1 but with trend direction. Counter trend can be risky. but for short targets you can use H1 as a countertrend of D1 with the direction of H4.

--- 帖子 #2138 ---
I'm not shure if I have understood you correctly.

For GBPJPY, D1 I was thinking of going short when there is a Daz setup on D1 and at the same time a Daz setup on H1.

The profit targets would be expansion on D1.

Did you have something else in mind?

--- 帖子 #2139 ---
When you are getting one strong trendy setup on higher time frames then dont play counter trend on lower time frames.

--- 帖子 #2140 ---
I have misunerstood you...

For GBPJPY you are thinking of going long, for example on H1 in direction of daily correction wave and the H4 channel.

Correct?

--- 帖子 #2141 ---
Yes but need to notice some points also.

1. D1 should not be at strong reversal level.

2. H4, H1 price should not be on top of channel.

--- 帖子 #2142 ---
Thanks for the clarification

I was thinking of retracement on D1, and therefore go short. But that might be too agressive.

--- 帖子 #2143 ---
Hey Jarnilse just logged on to see Eur Cad just hit T3 for around 150 pips profit, did you also ide this one to target?

--- 帖子 #2144 ---
Entered at 1.2860 with T3 at 1.2740 which gave 120 pips

--- 帖子 #2145 ---
Hello

Anyone around, I am just about to boil up some coffee as the 4h charts are showing that there could be some setups forming. Charts I am looking at are EUR/GBP EUR/AUD short potentials. Already short on EUR/GBP.

AUD/JPY, AUD/USD and NZD/USD potential longs.

All these charts are at different stages of forming setups and may come to nothing. . . One trade would be nice. . .

--- 帖子 #2146 ---
But Aud/Usd is also made lower high on H4 so becarefull with it.

--- 帖子 #2147 ---
Hi

I'm also short on EURGBP, H4. Had success with EURUSD H4, 78.6 closed 1.5 hours ago.

I'm following USDJPY, H1.

--- 帖子 #2148 ---
Yes I agree need to be careful with this pair going long right now, the 4h chart made a lower low after bouncing of a longer term trendline, see my chart below.

The chart is now forming a nice up channel on the 4h and depending on how the price action develops could look good to push up to new highs but yeah . . . the setup would have to be perfect for me to go long here. . .

--- 帖子 #2149 ---
Lol looks like you are one step ahead of me again on the EUR/GBP.

I have the USD JPY setup chalked up to, waiting to see if I can get a decent entry. . . . I might be too late now , forgot about it as was watching other pairs

--- 帖子 #2150 ---
Yeah the USD JPY has taken off, missed it by a few minutes, did you trade it Jarnilse?

--- 帖子 #2151 ---
No. Never got a good entry after confirmation candle.

--- 帖子 #2152 ---
Yeah it never paused to let us get on board, looks like I boiled up the coffee for nothing, no more trades for now. Still the EUR GBP is still steadily dropping sstedily. . . .

--- 帖子 #2153 ---
Here goes for EJ trade nice 1:1 confirmed now at breakeven.

--- 帖子 #2154 ---
Eur Gbp is now near  the 4h  T2,  a good 70 pips or round about. . .

--- 帖子 #2155 ---
Good. You should be close to T3 now I guess.

I became a chicken and closed before T2 because stochastic crossed and moved up against 20...

--- 帖子 #2156 ---
I am out now as well on fill at T2, great we both made a nice profit.  Looks like the last trade of the week, nice to end on a high. . . .

--- 帖子 #2157 ---
Yes, indeed.

I can't see any Daz opportunites either. I will close down. Have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #2158 ---
Hello Daz traders,

I got EJ closed at +60 and remaining lots at breakeven and then i reverse it as EJ was on Top of the H4 channel and got nice ride to down.

I will update my chart later and some more views correction movement.

Enjoy your pips VP & Jarnilse

Good Luck All

--- 帖子 #2159 ---
Looks like an excellent short entry if daily close give us a clear signal.

I am short till 136.089.

Time will tell but bearish divergence supports lower levels.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2160 ---
I was looking at this 1h short, not a setup right now but the chart looks interesting.

--- 帖子 #2161 ---
Hi VP

I have been following this chart too.

I like that the stochastic on H4 is already heading down.

Hopefully there will be a setup in an hour or so...

If a setup does emerge, would you have taken the trade if the H4 stochastic was heading up between 20 and 80?

--- 帖子 #2162 ---
Hi Jarnilse

If I am trading the 1h I do not look at the stochastic on the higher timeframes, but I do look at the candle pattern. If the 4h chart candle pattern is looking bearish too then so much the better.

VP

--- 帖子 #2163 ---
Oops! I have never considered candle patterns on H4 when trading on H1.

Still learning

--- 帖子 #2164 ---
I took a position on the EUR CAD short at 1,2633, also have one other short open too on the GPY JPY that has been going for 6 hours or so. Just hoping the midnight candle behaves itself . . .

--- 帖子 #2165 ---
Also short on EURCAD.

You should already have a nice profit on GBPJPY. But why short on GBPJPY? Looks bullish too me.

--- 帖子 #2166 ---
Looks bearish to me lol, was in a nice profit but price has pulled back and wiped most of that out . . .

--- 帖子 #2167 ---
Life is hard! It's a pain to see the profit disappear because you want to follow the rules...

Just before you mentioned GBPJPY I went long  on GBPJPY, thinking the bounce off support line at 131 + the channel implied that the PA would bee up...

Maybe, in the end, may pain will be greater than yours

--- 帖子 #2168 ---
Hello guys,

I am short on Gbp/Usd, Gbp/Jpy, usd/Jpy on D1.

Good Luck for this week

--- 帖子 #2169 ---
Looks like she is going up, I closed out at 1 pip profit, hope you make more than that, also I exited Eur Cad at 1 pip profit too. Dont like the price action and decided better to be safe and wait for other opportunities.

--- 帖子 #2170 ---
Good luck Pipster and leave a some pips for me . . .

--- 帖子 #2171 ---
Just woke up this morning and realized that I have mistaken H1 for D1 when I concluded that GBPJPY looked bullish . Too long nights. It is ofcourse bearish. Still made a few pips. Does not have to be clever as long as one is lucky.

--- 帖子 #2172 ---
Who was with me on these rides........

Please ignore yellow lines on GJ,EJ

--- 帖子 #2173 ---
Well Eur Cad has just hit the 62% target and GBP JPY touched the 50%. . . .two nice trades that I did not profit from. . . .

Hey Jarnilse hope you made a nice profit from the Eur Cad. . .

--- 帖子 #2174 ---
Unfortunately not. I closed the EURCAD at -12 pips because the stochastic turned against me. I should have waited...

I closed my long GBPJPY with + pips after I relized my trend mistake just in time to place a short trade on H1, which was immiedately taken out by a violent long candle before it moved in the right direction. After a nice monday I'm no -10 pips...

On the bright side of life, hopefully, I am hoping for USDCHF H4 long and GBPJPY H1 short...

--- 帖子 #2175 ---
HEllo VP,

hope ur also making good pips this week.

Daily setups is so far going in favour, Let's see where will it close.

--- 帖子 #2176 ---
I have not moved into profit yet this week but still is only Tuesday. I am also looking at the GBP JPY 1h short, want to see a near perfect candle pattern before taking a trade, seem to be a few other 1h short possibilities too but geppy looks to have the most bearish price action right now.

--- 帖子 #2177 ---
HI have not been able to trade since early morning, so I missed all those nice trades

When you are trading several pairs that involves the same currency, are you in equally heavy in on all, or are you gradually lowering your risk?

I have a tendancy to close trades when the stochastic turns against me, instead of letting the trade run. What is best according too your experience?

--- 帖子 #2178 ---
Hello jarnilse,

well i use to keep my risk low i dont put more than 5% of equity.

I will wait for stochs to move into oversold area and when cross will happen i will close it manually.I will also use sliding my stop loss with the close of each day candle.

I need to disturb my sleep routine to catch these trades but hopefully i will get my reward.

--- 帖子 #2179 ---
5%! and u keep it low?

wow! this sound crazy to me...............

anyway, DAZ adviced 1% and been using that since then.......... not going more than 1.5%

with the rate at which daz method gives signals, if the mkt ranges, 5% is gonna blow acct before u realise dat market has changes

but 5% might be good for you

weldone

keep it up

--- 帖子 #2180 ---
Thanks Pip26. Sounds good, so I will adapt those rules.

Glad to hear that I'm not the only one with a broken sleep routine

--- 帖子 #2181 ---
It is nice to see you back Naijafx,

I dont put 5 % on DAZ i use this ratio for all my trades, i also use some other method.

If i calculate my DAZ risk level then it would be around 1-2 % only.

--- 帖子 #2182 ---
Currently looking at the NU and AU 4h charts. . . . Anyone have any thoughts on these charts?

--- 帖子 #2183 ---
Hello VP,

how ru mate....

everybody in this thread need your thoughts man... I am looking at AU, EU H4 setups hope will get them in strong reversal.

--- 帖子 #2184 ---
Not bad Pipster , will post a few charts if the NU AU charts setup.

--- 帖子 #2185 ---
There is 15min remaining on the 4h candles for NU and AU, but it looks very much like they are going to trigger, although getting a good entry might be tricky. Here is the NU chart with my analysis drawn in.

One draw back to these setups is that there is a lot of AUD and NZD news out tonight!

--- 帖子 #2186 ---
I put in protective stops before the news release, NU stopped out 1 pip up. . . .  but the AU is still going. . . . for now

--- 帖子 #2187 ---
Hey Pip and Jarnilse you guys certainly do have broke sleep sessions from what I can see, I am about to hit the sack but if you two see any setups right now post away, I like nothing more than to sleep while a trade makes the readies.  . Just exited the USD JPY at the 78% retrace, first good trade of the week for me. . . . how are you guys doing?

--- 帖子 #2188 ---
Hey VP,

I am holding EU short for now and GU,GJ short on D1 setups. I will trade after MPC Rate statement from UK, EU.... so just checking the stuff and making my stupid charts naked.

--- 帖子 #2189 ---
look for daz criteria to be met

--- 帖子 #2190 ---
Here is a potential setup on EUR GBP that could help blow the tumble weed off the thread! All depends on where the current 1h candle closes.

Also the GBP CHF and EUR JPY are looking interesting . . ..

--- 帖子 #2191 ---
EUR GBP dropped rapidly to hit my fill, after 10 hours of moving sideways!

--- 帖子 #2192 ---
Are people still trading this the original way, the way the author started the thread or has it been tuned? Save me some reading

--- 帖子 #2193 ---
Hi

The method should be tradied according to all the original rules stated by Dazfx. The method is semi mechanical as it is down to the trader to determine the trend direction using the higher time frames, i.e the daily trend direction if trading the 1h or 4h charts.

All the info and examples you need are in the thread and it is certainly worth looking at the many trade examples.

Welcome to the Daz thread. . . and good trading.

--- 帖子 #2194 ---
I found a great indicator for this method, dont know if the indicator was mentioned here before. I think it is very useful and that is why I wanted to share it.

--- 帖子 #2195 ---
Does Dazfx method trades in specific timing ?

i.e London trading hour...

--- 帖子 #2196 ---
Hi , the method can be traded at anytime, I find good setups in any all the trading sessions. The London and US sessions being the best times to trade.

VP

--- 帖子 #2197 ---
Thanks for sharing the indicator. Are you trading with it? Can you explain it with a chart? I tried download it but can't figure it out. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2198 ---
Here is a potential on the GU 4h, still a way to go and it may not setup. Remember wait for ALL criteria to be met! A strong bounce off the 50ma , LTA and 62% fib is what I will be looking for as conformation.

--- 帖子 #2199 ---
Hello VP  & Allz,

VP here is my chart GU just broke the range area with low of 1.5080 also LTL of H4 up channel. now 61.8 of fib is also confluencing with LTL from below and low of recent range.

Atlast we got one pair back in trend direction........

--- 帖子 #2200 ---
Yep ..  . I will be watching closely to see if and how it sets up. Could turn into a nice little earner. . . .

--- 帖子 #2201 ---
But low of the range 1.5080 is really strong point now and GU is struggling with it........

--- 帖子 #2202 ---
Yeah will be telling to see the price action around that area.

I also see strong support at 1.4886 which I expect price will bounce off if it gets there. . So any targets I have will be set above that level, the 62% fib will be above this level so looks a good target.

Still a way off a setup thow . . . .waiting  . . . And I hope this does not turn into another pattern that drops way before a setup is reached, this has been happening a lot recently with bounces of the 38% retracement levels. . . .

--- 帖子 #2203 ---
This downfall is a roller coaster so far 1.5050 weekly SR level holding as a good resistence so we can have one more chance after bouncing from 1.4900 to short again from 1.5050...... 1.4886 is also a weeekly SR and it should show some good bounce. let's see how price reacts there.

--- 帖子 #2204 ---
possible long

wait for bullish confirmation

wait for stoch to move out of over bought zone

confluences

1. trendline bounce

2. nice change in polarity(1hr TF) at 0.7200

3. possible divergence

--- 帖子 #2205 ---
Hi,

Strategy is good as I used something like that. I was first against all harmonics before I got it. In fact harmonics if you try to translate them to price action you understand them. Here the ABCD moves are a perfect example. the rally take a breath & retrace about a 1/4 or 1/3, a health retracement, to reload more people in the rally & allow fast profit takers to exit & then resume the move. Some time CD may be even stronger that AB.

Also stop at C is offering a good risk reward so even with 50% success & if you let your trades work well you will grow your account.

Recommend too 1H as this time frame suffer less from brokers noise. Also you may take care for london opening that may offer a good jumping pole for many rally. Timing is important like patience.

Regards

13

--- 帖子 #2206 ---
I am having trouble understanding what constitutes an impulsive wave? I have been reading elliot wave, doing google searches etc, but still do not quite understand. From what i have seen, the application is for the most part, discretionary. Can somebody please explain in a little more detail exactly what an impulsive wave is?

--- 帖子 #2207 ---
simply put a swing hi and low that initiate(begins/starts) a trend

--- 帖子 #2208 ---
Hello every one

i have just joined  this forum , as new member  my acces is limited  so this post may appear after time of delay

here is  a  valid  setup  on cable  ( this post was submitted Jul 21, 2010 7:05 pm forum time )

--- 帖子 #2209 ---
UJ 1 hour short setup.

--- 帖子 #2210 ---
Hi Cuong,

Thanks for the prompt for short trade. I was looking at euro and GBP crosses and didn't notice that U/J was a better setup. I am monitoring the 5 min chart for an entry point. Will probably wait for the 5min stochastic to become overbought too!

--- 帖子 #2211 ---
UJ 4 hour bearsish with divergence

--- 帖子 #2212 ---
AU 4 hour bearish.  Good setup for long term targets

--- 帖子 #2213 ---
weekly: price is trapped in a triangle looking to go down.

4hr: price retraced to 61.8 of present swing after initial abcd completion

confluences

1. resistance level

2. trendline bounce

3. possible divergence

action

1. wait for  CF

2. n stock to cross and hooked down away from over sold region

--- 帖子 #2214 ---
Hi Naijfx good to see your posts, yeah I am watching this too nice price action and support/resistance zone. Lets see what she does.

--- 帖子 #2215 ---
congrats for those who took ucad

--- 帖子 #2216 ---
Hi,

Did anyone ever tried to do EA of this method? If someone knows how to do that stuff, I would be willing to provide list of rules for it, based on this method.

--- 帖子 #2217 ---
You may want to try this guy who offers free programming for EA here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=212422

Post the EA here after you get the EA done by the guy or post the link to that thread when the guy post the finished EA (that seems to be his way that he posts the EA when done to the thread instead of PM.)

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #2218 ---
might be wrong but looks good to me and i will surely sell.

--- 帖子 #2219 ---
Perfect set up Chyke22, Congratulations

--- 帖子 #2220 ---
Evening or Morning Daz traders

Here is a potential sell on the GBPCAD, currently waiting for a signal. Daily is downtrending and looks to have stalled at resis after recent up move.

VP

--- 帖子 #2221 ---
Great discovery Vincent, if only I spotted it earlier...

Would someone be up for creating a list of mails to send possible setups when one discovers them?

Since daz setups are not very common, it would be nice to be notified asap.

--- 帖子 #2222 ---
Possible setup..

--- 帖子 #2223 ---
Thanks bee24. Great setup!

--- 帖子 #2224 ---
Unfortunately we got taken out on EURCHF H1 setup.... although it looked promising.

I am still in the trade, same pair, daily timeframe.

--- 帖子 #2225 ---
Patience is required with this setup. am almost certain it will dive but needs to be in sync with other time frame.

once the setup is ready on 1hr, i will post it.

nice spot i must say

--- 帖子 #2226 ---
Not so good on EURCHF, got stopped out big time.

--- 帖子 #2227 ---
If you want to make profit, just trade the opposite of what I do

--- 帖子 #2228 ---
wait for the daily candle to close above to confirm an uptrend!

--- 帖子 #2229 ---
getting stopped out is part of the bizness

good Job

--- 帖子 #2230 ---
Fantastic..how do you do that?

--- 帖子 #2231 ---
I am looking for Gbp/Cad entry and hopefully it will happen soon.

--- 帖子 #2232 ---
Pip,

I like the setup, although on daily we're consolidating and not really trending. Let's see how it plays out.

Good find!

--- 帖子 #2233 ---
Stopped out men

--- 帖子 #2234 ---
could have secured position when in profit knowing fully well that CAD news is on the way.

--- 帖子 #2235 ---
Hello Naijafx,

How can i be so stupid........... i really forgot the time of News................

BTW: Naijafx where is ur website link???

--- 帖子 #2236 ---
I will not post his link, just google his name and you should get it.

If I can tell this, he is using harmonic patterns, known as Gartleys. I've just began to study that. It's quite interesting. I see it as extension of daz's method.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #2237 ---
thanks man

actually i use 3 systems to trade

1. harmonic pattern stictly on 4hr TF and above.

2. Daz for trend continuation. there must be a trend

3. DRF- mine proprietary method for intra-day reversal.

and funny enough, the 3 system is premised on abcd concept

--- 帖子 #2238 ---
Hi, almost done reading the thread. What happened to Dazfx

--- 帖子 #2239 ---
daz is doing fine living in london

--- 帖子 #2240 ---
Naijafx,

Would you mind sharing the indicator or tool, that you use to plot gartley's on your charts?

--- 帖子 #2241 ---
dats means i will share my eyes, my mind and brain. lol

--- 帖子 #2242 ---
Maybe I asked wrong.

To plot Gartley on your chart, all you use is fibonacci, but you've deleted all the levels ?

--- 帖子 #2243 ---
Here is a GU trade, apologies for not posting earlier , I only just spotted the trade.

--- 帖子 #2244 ---
I wonder if anyone of you here take into consideration the time it takes for the price to retrace towards any fibo level before it goes back to the trend direction?

For example: if in a 1H TF price went up in the direction of the trend for 10 bars, then it retraced towards the 61.8 level in 7-8 bars, will it be a legal retracement or that should be considered too long and you would not trade this?

--- 帖子 #2245 ---
Shouldn't be too long, probably...  Anyway I prefer the BC wave to be shorter (in terms of candles) than AB wave...

--- 帖子 #2246 ---
2 setups are developing.

BTW: thanx Naijafx

--- 帖子 #2247 ---
H1 also forming short setups for both pairs and EJ also so lets see which time frame takes the lead.

--- 帖子 #2248 ---
Im short on all 3 pairs with H1 setup

--- 帖子 #2249 ---
hmm. none was a valid setup as cross is still at oversold region. this game requires so much patience which many lack.

--- 帖子 #2250 ---
You are right men.. i did mistake anyhow learnt a lesson now back to h4 charts.

--- 帖子 #2251 ---
Good day traders,

this is ti inform us that AUSD and EURUSD have created bearish impulsive wave.

wait for retracement to resistance/trend line bounce and confirm entry based on DAZ rules.

--- 帖子 #2252 ---
Thanx men

--- 帖子 #2253 ---
I am using a indicator called a Quick fib. I don't need to draw the fib by myself.

I just want to see if it works

http://preview.shareapic.net/preview7/023725655.gif

--- 帖子 #2254 ---
It moves with the zoom in/out movement of chart.

--- 帖子 #2255 ---
EurUsd setup is getting ready

--- 帖子 #2256 ---
EurUsd entry is triggered.

--- 帖子 #2257 ---
This strategy seems to be confirming my "Market Pressure" Strategy, I dont know if i am allowed to post it here.

--- 帖子 #2258 ---
If it is related to it then post it here but if it is separate method then better u start new thread.

BTW: you are bondfx who posted some breakout methods on some other sites???

--- 帖子 #2259 ---
Both short setup on A/U  and E/U 1 hour.

--- 帖子 #2260 ---
Happy new year to y'll

--- 帖子 #2261 ---
MORE THAN $500 WITHIN LESS THAN 3 HOURS USING THIS STRATEGY..

WHAT A WONDERFUL SYSTEM..

COME ON GUYS , LET'S KEEP THE GOOD WORK UP...

--- 帖子 #2262 ---
Which pair did you trade khalidhassan ?

--- 帖子 #2263 ---
all pairs , i just keep drawing and re-drawing fibo on all pairs using 4h TF, when i find a good chance i take it .

what about you ?? are you still using this way of trading , till now i have not finished reading all pages of this thread . am very sad because i've found this thread too late , no body is following now , every body is away,no more discssions .

belive me it is a big loss this thread is frozen....

--- 帖子 #2264 ---
Hi Naijafx . hi every one

can anyone provide me with the roles of using (5sma) in this strategy , how this 5sma can be used to enter or exit a trade.

--- 帖子 #2265 ---
You will be using 5sma to enter a trade. When price is on 5sma you enter.

We don't use 5sma to exit.

For exits, please refer to 1st post of the thread.

You should use Fibo Expansion tool to set your exits.

Best.

--- 帖子 #2266 ---
Thanks Bee , but what do you mean by (When price is on 5sma you enter)..???

would you explain using some old charts.?????

--- 帖子 #2267 ---
waiting for a candle to confirm the (Long)...

any comment will be highly appreciated..

--- 帖子 #2268 ---
Hi khalidhassan

Here the rules  by DAZfx

Long

Generally, you are buying in an uptrend, when the AB impulse wave retraces to the 61.8 or 78.6 level. Before pinpointing a precise entry, you wait for the next candle (confirmation candle) to form. This must not exceed the low made by the retracement and has to be a bullish reversal candle (ie, Harami, Doji, Bullish Maribozu, Bullish Belt hold, etc).

At the precise entry point:

1) The new candle following the Confirmation Candle is on or near the 5 SMA.

2) On the Stochastic Oscillator window, the fast stoch (blue line) has already crossed or is crossing the slow stoch (red dotted line) and hooking up. This cross should not happen in the overbought region (80 or above).

Short

Generally, you are selling in a downtrend, when the AB impulse wave retraces to the 61.8 or 78.6 level. Before pinpointing a precise entry, you wait for the next candle (confirmation candle) to form. This must not exceed the high made by the retracement and has to be a bearish reversal candle (ie, Harami, Doji, Bearish Maribozu, Bearish Belt hold, etc).

At the precise entry point:

1) The new candle following the Confirmation Candle is on or near the 5 SMA.

2) On the Stochastic Oscillator window, the fast stoch (blue line) has already crossed or is crossing the slow stoch (red dotted line) and hooking down. This cross should not happen in the oversold region (20 or below).

--- 帖子 #2269 ---
happy new year sir... forex again

--- 帖子 #2270 ---
Hey Naijafx - i remember you from trade the slope a few years back. looks like you are doing well. i've been reviewing this thread and wondered if this was a valid trade on GBPUSD.  Appreciate any feedback. I want to try this system on demo for a while. it looks solid.  so far it looks like my trade is not working out.

--- 帖子 #2271 ---
Within 2 weeks ,

usually (hit&run)....

--- 帖子 #2272 ---
I will answer my own question as the GBPUSD daily is clearly in an uptrend and was right at the lower line. So the daily would have screened me out of the trade.  the more i look at this system the more promising it is.  toughest part might be to screen all the pairs.

--- 帖子 #2273 ---
looks like GJ might be setting up for a solid long here but i can't see full chart here at work. looks like bullish reversal on 1-hour right on trendline. daily trend is ++.. i can't see the fibs here but suspect it might be lined up based on the last A wave

--- 帖子 #2274 ---
Hi Traders, I just found this site and think this is a very good system.  I would like to know if anyone here has used this on the daily TF with success, as I can't be in fron of my screen for smaller TFs.

Thanks in advance for your reply,

C.

--- 帖子 #2275 ---
Hi Traders ,

Iwill start uploading parts of a wounderful trading course (6 GB of pdf and video files )..

it is the most pwoerful course i've ever seen.

I will upload just the part which explain using Fibo level to trade.

PART (1)
http://dc235.4shared.com/img/8PSd1v0...ol_in_an_U.avi

--- 帖子 #2276 ---
Sorry , that was PART(2)

now uploading PART(1)..

--- 帖子 #2277 ---
Here is PART (1)

http://dc235.4shared.com/img/U4OhUwf...bonacci_Re.avi

--- 帖子 #2278 ---
Thanks khalidhassan

--- 帖子 #2279 ---
what do you think guys ...??? shall i keep uploading the rest of this part of the course or you found it useless????

--- 帖子 #2280 ---
yes, keep them coming

--- 帖子 #2281 ---
Please continue. Knowledge is very useful.

--- 帖子 #2282 ---
Friends ,

Does any one here deal with FXDD ..???

How is this company ..???? is it a good one..???

--- 帖子 #2283 ---
I use to like them before I knew better.  Type in FXDD and lawsuits on yahoo or google, I found an enc broker and like it much better.

--- 帖子 #2284 ---
Hello khalidhassan, thanks for sharing the vidoes. I openned both, but I can only hear the audio....no picture

--- 帖子 #2285 ---
Hi khalidhassan

FXDD only got two stars from Forex Peace Army
http://www.forexpeacearmy.com/public...broker_reviews

tb62 you may need a proper video driver or video player to see.

Quicktime 10.0 I can see it.

--- 帖子 #2286 ---
Thanks Lawton , am from UAE , any recommendation???

Am looking for a good broker , a company with FSA license.

--- 帖子 #2287 ---
I'm using GoMarkets. So far they have been good

--- 帖子 #2288 ---
$ 2135 within less than 24 hours , as usual (hit and run)...

god bless you DAZ....

--- 帖子 #2289 ---
Hi Khalidhassan,

very impressive results...

Are you only on demo account?

Which pairs and timeframes do you trade with this system?

PS: And what candle formations do you use as confirmation for the entry?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #2290 ---
I started learning forex 1 year ago , i tried many systems but this one is the best i had ever seen .

still working in demo account .

I have another demo account in my office PC, i made more than $24,000 using this account  within less than 1 month.

I trade all pairs , i prefere 1h & 30m tf.

am looking for 10pips out of any trade i made(standard order),i never use fibo expansion and never wait for price to hit fibo-exp targets, as i said (hit & run)   and thats why i prefere lower frames.

maybe when i get more experience i will start looking for big targets and more pips per trade , but i feel am doing will now.

--- 帖子 #2291 ---
Please forgive my english , .

--- 帖子 #2292 ---
Am there , (fibo-trader1) , see u there.

--- 帖子 #2293 ---
Hi khalidhassan

Great result.

Is there a Skype group in this thread?

If so, I would like join.

--- 帖子 #2294 ---
gbp-jpy "al-majnun" (-:

Mad!

--- 帖子 #2295 ---
Is there any thing behind the letters..??

--- 帖子 #2296 ---
Till now , no ....!!

but this method deserve to make a group for it .

why dont we start make our group???

--- 帖子 #2297 ---
Hi Khalidhassan,

what stoploss do you use? On your demo account there is none...

--- 帖子 #2298 ---
I never used stoploss , i know it is rong but maybe because am targeting just 10 pips per tarde.

--- 帖子 #2299 ---
You should use stop loss. One wrong trade without SL and you will wipe out profits from last 10 trades.

--- 帖子 #2300 ---
hello everyone, i do have a skype group called fx scalpers, if u wish my skype name is sami29uk

send me a request for adding contact then i'll add u to the group, everybody welcome, please note i'm in the london gmt zone.

see u

--- 帖子 #2301 ---
Good morning,

Glad to have visited this site.  Thanks to the OP for this wonderful thread and sharing his system.  Presently at page 40. enjoy the read so far.  Below is a chart of EU 15M awaiting the cross of stoch.  My first attempt with this system.  Keeping my fingers crossed.

--- 帖子 #2302 ---
My stoploss for 15M has been triggered.  -25pips now.  I didn't follow the rules.  Well, it's no harm testing out this strategy.   I guess 1H should be more reliable.  ooking forward to my 1 hour setup which I hope would not be a disappointment too.  Hehe.

--- 帖子 #2303 ---
For my self am using 1H & 4H TF ,those are the best for me .

i think it is better to start drawing fibo from the candle just befor the one you started from ...

plz forgive my english....

--- 帖子 #2304 ---
Good evening KH,

I think Daz's method is more suitable for longer time frame.  Nice to know that 1h and 4h is best timeframe.

Anyway, I guess your English is ok to me.  Most important is I understand what you want to tell me.  :-)

I'm new to drawing fibo, if I did it wrong....plse correct me.  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #2305 ---
Looks like my previous 1H setup did not work out.  Now looking forward to a new setup.  I'm here to explore and learn, plse advise if I'm in the wrong path.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2306 ---
move to the higher frame (H4) check for a setup there...

--- 帖子 #2307 ---
KH, thank you for the pointer.  Just wondering how do you trade using 4H timeframe.  Using buy/sell limit?

Jimisan

--- 帖子 #2308 ---
as the rules Retracement + Stochastic crosses + confirmation of the higher TF.

--- 帖子 #2309 ---
Good Morning,

My analysis of EU today.  One impulse wave for ABC and another for abc.  Which way will it go?  Any comments are welcome.

--- 帖子 #2310 ---
USDJPY - Daily

--- 帖子 #2311 ---
Jimisan,

You don't wonder in which direction will it go, you simply have to identify the main trend, which is usually on 1 or 2 timeframes higher that the one you are looking at. Then you will know, where the price is going. I suggest you read through first 20 or so pages of this thread. If something is unclear, ask away.

Best,

Uros

--- 帖子 #2312 ---
Good Evening Bee24,

Thank you for taking the time to response.  You're right, I need to go to higher timeframes to identify the main trend.  It's the main trend that's important.  Thanks again for the direction.

--- 帖子 #2313 ---
Don't worry mate. Just trying to help

If you need anything, ask away.

And remember, no trend - no trade! Don't look for something that isn't there.

--- 帖子 #2314 ---
would someone please explain what is the easiest way to to identify the main trend for the pair ,...????

--- 帖子 #2315 ---
Go to Daily time frame, zoom your charts out a bit and you should be able to spot trend with your naked eyes. Look if the price is making higher highs, higher lows for uptrend or lower highs, lower lows for downtrend.

--- 帖子 #2316 ---
>>Take a look at this.

--- 帖子 #2317 ---
This setup did its job by reaching 10962. 100+ pips in a few hours.

--- 帖子 #2318 ---
Currently there is an ABCD on 1H USDCHF chart. Let's see how it develops.

--- 帖子 #2319 ---
Quick 55 pips for a risk of 35 pips. Powerful method if applied patiently.

--- 帖子 #2320 ---
Nice setup here for TP hit.

Cheers DT.

--- 帖子 #2321 ---
Latest work in progress attached.

Cheers DT

*** SL HIT -27 ***

--- 帖子 #2322 ---
GBPJPY

This is a very nice setup on the H1. H4 and D1 are reversing, hence we consider the trend to be in bear momentum.

All three targets will yield roughly 180 pips. Anyway, here's the chart.

--- 帖子 #2323 ---
Same thing here...

--- 帖子 #2324 ---
Unfortunately these two did not work out although conditions were met.

--- 帖子 #2325 ---
Hi Sara,

Did you get the DazFX Chat room Link???Please advise.Thank you...

--- 帖子 #2326 ---
Morning Guys,

Just entered this on Eur_Jpy although not looking too clere at the mo.

4 hour set up.

Cheers DT.

*** SL HIT, REASON: BIG ERROR ON ENTRY POINT AS STOCH HAD NOT CLOSED., SHOULD OF WAITED FOR CLOSED CROSS ENTRY ***

--- 帖子 #2327 ---
can any one plz help me to set up the charts and plz help to set the FIBO and how to measure it FIBO , I AM FINDING BIT DIFFICULT TO DO TI IF ANY ONE KIND ENOUGH TO HELP ME IN THIS

--- 帖子 #2328 ---
i am not able to plot those AB C with two different fibo plus i want the fibo with those levels which shows resistance entry rate sl tp1 tp2 etc if some one can explain

--- 帖子 #2329 ---
i am new guy in this chat room hope seniors will help me , i am really happy to see some logical trading going on here and with lot of help and expect little bit also i will get , i was just helping myself out and learned and hope you will guide me

i am looking for EURUSD long as it has touched the 61.8% bounce back just waiting for the stochastic to give a cross and bar closes after h4

to be all of on same page i am planning to just trade H4 and to make sure we all trade in one direction i have added MACD

if macd above the 0 line i will only look for reversals only to buy and if MACD below the 0 line will look only for the reversal to sell

plz help me with the chart i am just looking to to go long after the current BAR closes and stochastic gives perfect crossover

If any one has tpl plz do do help too

--- 帖子 #2330 ---
hellof we notice i had posted H4 EURUSD perfect bounce on 200 ema plus good reversal bar from the from 61.8% levels fibo MACD is in favor , stohastoc has gone up

its good buy

and otheer chart i noticsed was USDCHF

that aslo reversed from 61.8% levels perfect reversal bar

jump from the resistance 200 EMA and macd is down stohastic went down

good placet o sell

now since we know that H4 is down trend since macd is down plus it has taken a hit on 200 ema

for both the pairs  its perfect two trades buy and sell , we can shift to H1 or M30 and wait for  the reversals and do our fibo retrace and keep goin in the direction of h4 till we dont get a good reversal on H4

hope i am right and all the senior friends will current me if i am wrong

--- 帖子 #2331 ---
This comes from zulutrade, same intro as dazfx more or less. Anybody knows if it is him or someone from the thread. Seems that dazfx is not active on FF anymore. The name on zulu is TimeFX 1M.

Thanks in advance for the info. I wonder if the guy is the real deal or a copycat.

--- 帖子 #2332 ---
Hello everyone,

First off, apologies for not being active on these forums, but I have been very busy with other ventures. Looking back on this thread, I understand some of you had questions about this system. Please PM me if you are still in doubt. I do admit I have been a little selfish reaping the rewards of this system, but I thought I had everything covered before I left you guys.

Frankly, I thought it was best to work on my own, which is why I have not been active. Just logged in to respond to a post and was tempted to read some of the numerous PMs and realised some of you had questions on zulutrade. Just to clarify, I do not have an account on zulutrade, nor am I managing funds. So, whoever it is that are making the trades, it is certainly not me.

Again, I can't promise to be a frequent poster, but I will certainly try to help as much as possible.

Thank you..

DAZfx

--- 帖子 #2333 ---
Hi Daz,

welcome back! I noticed your thread much later than the time you were actively posting (I was not reading forexfactory until I made a huge loss, after that I started to look for systems). I must say that your system is one of the few complete systems here.

Maybe other people are also wondering. I wonder the reason why you stepped into another venture? If you were consistently profitable at forex (which I believe you were) what was the exact reason? Is it that it was too boring to day trade? And also if you do not mind, are you again returning to full time forex or your other venture and forex will go together?

Thank you for your replies.

--- 帖子 #2334 ---
Hi lanes,

Thank you for the post. Just to let you know, I was trading whilst doing other things. I just didn't have the time to join in discussion rooms such as this. You can say I was trading part time and you do know how mundane this is

--- 帖子 #2335 ---
Hi Eceryone, pls how do i get to this DAZ trading room, do i just input it as a weblink "www.tradingrooms.com" or how can i get there? thanks for y'all anticipated response.od bless

--- 帖子 #2336 ---
Hello everyone,

I red throug the whole thread and than was trading DAZ system for last few months. It got preatty boring however, doing it alone so thats why I am trying to continue here. I will post some set up if I see some and once I can figure out how to attache charst. I would love to here from anyone who has been trading this system or is interested in it.

I am trying to post but it does not work....so trying to edit my last post...

anyway...I am in GBP/NZD short now with first target hit at 50...not sure how to upload image yet...

so frustruting, anyone know why it does not work....hmmm

--- 帖子 #2337 ---
Hi am in this trade now GBP/NZD short ....first target hit at 50....this is the third time I am trying to reply....admin why it does not work for me...please advice....

--- 帖子 #2338 ---
...thanks ....second target hit 61.8...my first post in FF bring me alot of luck ...thanks heaps...its not always that lucky....put third target at 78.6 FE and move to BE....thanks again...

--- 帖子 #2339 ---
..closed third at market 1.81010..did not like how it closed at 30min chart...guess I am very impatient.....anyway in profit....

..just noticing even I ma talking to myself its making me thing much harder and being more carfulle.....

--- 帖子 #2340 ---
This is the DAS set up I took from  my post earlier...its going very good...just waiting third target to be hit.....thanks

--- 帖子 #2341 ---
Third target hit at 78.6...this was also great trade thanks to DAZ system....good...thanks...only minus is I took first target at 38 (rather than 50 as planned ) but the other three at DAZ exit rules....

--- 帖子 #2342 ---
Currently in AUD/USD Short....a bit down at the moment...hmm

--- 帖子 #2343 ---
hmm..closed one unit with the small loss at the market...

--- 帖子 #2344 ---
ok...that did not work...anyway still preaty good day for me....time to start my own journal rather.....

--- 帖子 #2345 ---
Eur/cad.   4 hour  short entry

--- 帖子 #2346 ---
Hello,

Would anyone be interested on creating a Skype chat group to spot these setups together? Feel free to add me: Brazool.

Have a good one

--- 帖子 #2347 ---
Short entry at 1.6790 area.

--- 帖子 #2348 ---
is it correct ??

--- 帖子 #2349 ---
may be this good chance now.....

--- 帖子 #2350 ---
i'm new member here, i really like this wonderful trading setup, but too many example pictures which post by DAZFx are invalid，how can i do?

do you members can upload the examples to this thread?

thank you !

--- 帖子 #2351 ---
After all these years this is still by far the best system in this forum, unfortunately too many people want indicators telling you when to buy and when to sell.

--- 帖子 #2352 ---
Hey Daz. I saw you were last active Feb of this year, 2024, which absolutely blows my mind. I just got done reading all 100+ pages of your fib retracements strategy post. I’ve read hundreds of things on this website (i discovered this website about 2-3 months ago) and all posts I have read are usually around 2006 or so. The original poster is no longer active either. It’s amazing to see you were active recently, and I’d love to get a chance to message you but it doesn’t look like I can PM you.

Just to have 5-10 min of your time would mean the world, and I’d really appreciate it. I also read that you were in Dubai (not sure how long ago that was) and that you were working on a different side business so I completely understand you must be very busy. For someone like you who discovered a profitable strategy and didn’t venture off to sell a course or just disappear from this site is like i said, mind blowing. All your responses, comments, posts, have helped me tremendously.

I hope you get a chance to see this. Thank you so much for your contribution and help!!! Hopefully I can chat with you soon to ask some questions about the strategy!!

--- 帖子 #2353 ---
valid strategy

--- 帖子 #2354 ---
Dropping in to see if anyone is still active on this thread and successfully trades this method?

I believe there is potentially a setup forming on GBPUSD right now. Waiting for 61.8 and confirmations still at this time. Daily appears to be in an uptrend, I like to use the SMA and GMMA long lines to verify aswell.

--- 帖子 #2355 ---
Just opened this short on USDJPY

--- 帖子 #2356 ---
Hi - If you need verification of this method then get a copy of Robert Miners "High Probability Trading Strategies" its part of that book and strategy that was published early 2000's or late 1990's - Also reference DiNapoli Levels as its on the same lines as Joe DiNapoli's method of trading fibs

I trade a similar method but not the fibs - just a pullback to MA's with the stoch (533 setting) and RSI

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PS - EVERY profitable way to trade the markets was discovered and published before this site was ever created - everything people need as a "manual or reference" is already out there pre 2000 and most of it pre 1980

--- 帖子 #2357 ---
you wite:"PS - EVERY profitable way to trade the markets was discovered and published before this site was ever created - everything people need as a "manual or reference" is already out there pre 2000 and most of it pre 1980"

I completely agree...you can see we are of a certain age...::)

I think operating in multitimeframe is a great thing

--- 帖子 #2358 ---
Thank you for those suggestions, did some reading last night and its fascinating.

Found this setup on H4 EURCHF at 38.2 with hidden divergence. Entered with SL at the current high (manual)

--- 帖子 #2359 ---
No problem - just want people to win win win

Even works on monthly charts

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price dictates EVERYTHING - BUT you can certainly use Indicators to pick out turns - I've been doing it for decades

Once you get those big ranging bars, I'm not Interested in trading them, as its too risky, but on the way up to those big ranged bars you can definitely trade

The Indicators are cycle Indicators, as in they follow price action cycles, but you can use them to get in near the low bars of turns - trade with the trend though that is the critical part

--- 帖子 #2360 ---
Absolutely If the monthly is due a "bounce", then everything underneath it should rise to some degree

--- 帖子 #2361 ---
I'm conscious of going off the original topic, but I was hoping to ask you what confirmations you look for on your method? I'm assuming its rejection off a MA and the RSI/ stoch bending upwards for a long entry or downwards for a short entry? Thank you in advance

--- 帖子 #2362 ---
Yeah - It's exactly as you'd use the stoch in the method in this thread - stochs RSI Indicators will all turn when a price cycle turns - that's all you're doing is catching the price cycle turn, it can be at a moving average, at a fib level, at a elliott wave count etc

If you look at the chart above - as soon as the 2RSI is <25% I'm on alert, to enter, price HAS to trade ABOVE the bar high of the bar that made the 2RSI go <25%, then if it does, I go long and the stop goes 1 penny under the LOW of the entry bar or the low of the bar which made the 2RSI go <25% whichever is lower and then I either set a price target or most often trail up a stop below the lows etc

You can be this precise, because if the Indicator is tracking price turns (as it does) then you can have confidence that your Initial stop will not be hit IF you have got the price cycle correct - If you apply this in a trendless market, then you will get kicked to hell as you would do if you just bought when the 2RSI goes <25% - so you need a few factors to happen to get in a position, exactly as you do at a fib level

IF the level you are trading is valid then price will move, if you've got it wrong, you'll get stopped - I used to trade fib levels with this method which is obviously counter trend

You can just trade the RSI or the STOCH on its own or you can use a combo of both i.e. only take trades when the trend is bullish and both the Indicators are oversold <25% or whatever

The Important factor is whatever Indicator you use, it WILL turn when the price cycle turns and as you can visually see, the Indicators catch a lot of the price cycle turns - there's no magic to this, price is always king, but it does very predictable things - When you trade Fib levels you'll find that sometimes the Indicator catches the turn perfectly and other times its wrong and price falls to another level etc, but when price is at the point of support and its going to turn, then the Indicator will follow suit

and by using the Indicator you can get in very very close to the low bar (for longs)

If you read those books, you will see that those 2 traders did this very thing at fib levels and with Indicators - the principle of this thread is THEIR methods - I've just applied it to another method I personally prefer

This is a recent one I saved - entry/stop and trail

I was also in on the 2 trades (not marked) in APRIL - one of which you can see would have been a FIB level reversal of some kind, but I wasn't trading the fib level, just the moving averages - so this should help to explain how it all fits together

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2363 ---
Thank you, really appreciate the reply and explanation

--- 帖子 #2364 ---
I'm in this NZDUSD M30 short - .50 fib used and hidden divergence following daily downtrend.

--- 帖子 #2365 ---
No probs - All the best


===== 附件下载链接 =====

gbp fibs.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/98329?d=1206639777
Powerful Fib Based System.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/99731?d=1207110523
Powerful Fib Based System.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/99823?d=1207134768
Search_patterns_v6.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/99822?d=1207134758
Search_patterns_v6.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/99824?d=1207134773
Powerful Fib Based System.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100418?d=1207299243
tendance_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/101662?d=1207733943
Center of Gravity.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/102037?d=1207842028
Center of Gravity.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/102038?d=1207842028
#MTF Stochastic v2[1].0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/102048?d=1207843895
#MTF Stochastic v2[1].0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/102050?d=1207843912
MACD-2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/109366?d=1210063384
MACD-2_MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/109367?d=1210063401
FiboOpenBUYSELL.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/116815?d=1212086734
Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/116816?d=1212086734
Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/116954?d=1212118234
OnChart_Stochastic_Channel_(FL_MTF).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/136716?d=1217924386
GannZigZag.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/141211?d=1219180058
Stochastic_DivergenceMTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/141903?d=1219357381
FX5_Divergence_V2.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/141904?d=1219357381
EJ_CandleTimev2a.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/150065?d=1222032863
uj.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/150932?d=1222238374
Today's session..pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/154933?d=1223319975
Advanced Get - Mechanical Trading System.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/157720?d=1224044121
Example.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165046?d=1225734594
CCI_Divergence_V1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/263470?d=1245705589
MACD_Divergence_V1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/263472?d=1245705662
OSMA_Divergence_V2_2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/263473?d=1245705697
RSI_Divergence_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/263474?d=1245705767
Stochastic_Divergence.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/263475?d=1245705800
Fractal ZigZag.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/344068?d=1256570108
today.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/360727?d=1258236011
#MTF_MovingAverage.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/466185?d=1272462541
MA_of_RSX_RefreshFixed.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/468663?d=1272921417
Fibonacci drawings.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/474395?d=1273822762
Stochastic_Divergence.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/483897?d=1275463377
1-2-3 Pattern MTF v3.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/502034?d=1278284301
1-2-3 Pattern MTF v3.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/502035?d=1278284301
